As noted here: http://artandhistory.house.gov/highlights.aspx?action=view&intID=200 this came down to a fight after the 1920 Census, where apportionment did not happen, so it was mandated to be at the current level which was 435 at the time. Without the Volstead Act though the Amendment was very vague, the Volstead Act was more important as it was the one that set down enforcement of the ban. Note the text says nothing about consumption. As an aside there is also a good overview on the History of Newspapers that mentions the buyout of the World, but not much more than you already knew, but the history stretches back very far. If you look at older editions of the New York Journal and the New York World you can definitely see this last point, in an era of newspapers coming out with morning and evening editions people would read the "broadsheets" quickly on the way to work or home. Any paper that took time to read would probably lose interest with many of the workers in New York City at the time, unless you could spend a lot of time on the paper it might lose marketshare. I also wonder, as a sociological question, if the inks used by the World were more expensive (continuing the financial losses) or came off in your hands, I'm sure the black inks from the Journal did as well and what people might have done about that. 

Section 3. This article shall be inoperative unless it shall have been ratified as an amendment to the Constitution by the legislatures of the several States, as provided in the Constitution, within seven years from the date of the submission hereof to the States by the Congress. 

I believe this was to make the local State laws, that were a hodgepodge of enactments on a State level, more uniform and to bring the enforcement into the Federal realm. This was especially easy since the Temperance Movements had become politically powerful in the early 20th Century and in the election of 1917 the pro-Prohibitionists finally had a majority in Congress and moved things along. The actual text is: 

I found a few notes here as to what happened with the paper in this article on the New York World. In the 20 years since the sons took over, the paper seemed to have a slow decline, part of this may be due to the editorial content, but also by the slow decline in columnists. These were a huge draw for newspapers at the time, the Journal had Nellie Bly who attracted readers, yet the most important reason may have been a price increase. The New York World was also a bright. leisurely paper as noted by Slate.com, in an era of quick news this was an expensive proposition and may have been a factor in its later years of losing money