Panniers also add quite a bit of width where you don't want it on narrow trails. Typical bikepacking bags are narrower and often higher. 

I suspect that the MTB touring you've seen isn't as heavily loaded as the road/trail touring you've ridden. 

Front seats. I've only mentioned these in case you don't know about them and to get them out of the way. 

A cable lock to a solid object such as a car is a good backup. For securing kayaks, rather thin cables are sold that can be shut in the car doors and either padlocked inside the car or trapped in the doors. With a rear carrier, the towing eye can provide a good locking point. Two bikes locked together with a D lock aren't the sort of thing a thief would like to be seen carrying. 

You could consider a self-inflating mat (e.g. thermarest) though when I looked at them they were expensive and heavier than my alternative: A foam mat only needs to reach from you shoulders to your hips if it's not too cold. The ability to carry some form of front luggage is very useful. This could be a front rack or handlebar bag. I can squeeze a pannier onto the rack under my rear seat, but it's behind the back axle and makes the handling even worse. Conversely a front bag actually helps with the weight distribution, as does a well-balanced pair of front panniers. 

Grow progressively Never try too hard to get up to your buddy's riding level, do not take risks that are beyond you skills. Go a little at a time. Practice a lot. Find the way of practicing the obstacles over and over. Grow in technique before you grow in speed. Each kind of obstacle requires specific movements, as you learn them, you need to build "muscular memory" before taking it to another level, so be patient, but never stop trying/practicing. Be humble and practice even what you feel you've mastered. When you conquer an obstacle/jump/drop etc. for the first time, try to go back and do it again, and again, and again... 

Besides this, your elbows and knees should be slightly bent at all times, giving you chance to extend or contract them as needed, so you absorb terrain irregularities as you pass them over. It is like moving the bike around you (up/down, front/rear, right/left). This is why I do not recommend to sit way back arms fully stretched: In this position you have no freedom steer or to lower the bike while entering a hole or a "step down". An easy way of thinking is this: Your arms and legs are "your" suspension, you want to be positioned rather in the middle of its travel. 

Your best option is to practice a lot on how to unclip your foot, so you get accustomed to it. I suppose you have already done this. So you must now adjust the spring tension on your pedals. Refer to the instruction manual on how to adjust it. 

I recommend to use BOTH brakes at the same time. You'll find a lot of divergent opinions about this but, I've found that each brake serves a purpose. The rear brake alone can slow you down just a bit, but it tends to straighten the bike while over slippery surfaces or loose sand/gravel, a little like the rudder on a plane. The front brake can stop you down, but it tends to trow you to the front. It is vital to learn to brake without locking up the wheels, specially during a turn. If you are focused on where you are headed, it is more dangerous to over-brake than to brake a little less. It is also important not to hold the brakes all the way down, thus avoiding overheating, which can lead to brake failure. 

Examples are for illustration only. Sorry they're only links but image licensing is a pain. 

You need to plan your water more than anything though, especially if you're relying on dehydrated food. One issue is heel clearance. You can normally sort this out but not with large panniers especially with big feet. Reading your "on a child carrier" as meaning a seat mounted to the bike, you have a few options: 

The ability to carry some form of front luggage is very useful. This could be a front rack or handlebar bag. I can squeeze a pannier onto the rack under my rear seat, but it's behind the back axle and makes the handling even worse. Conversely a front bag actually helps with the weight distribution, as does a well-balanced pair of front panniers. I suspect that the MTB touring you've seen isn't as heavily loaded as the road/trail touring you've ridden. 

You could consider a self-inflating mat (e.g. thermarest) though when I looked at them they were expensive and heavier than my alternative: A foam mat only needs to reach from you shoulders to your hips if it's not too cold. 

Front seats. I've only mentioned these in case you don't know about them and to get them out of the way. 

A cable lock to a solid object such as a car is a good backup. For securing kayaks, rather thin cables are sold that can be shut in the car doors and either padlocked inside the car or trapped in the doors. With a rear carrier, the towing eye can provide a good locking point. I tried various ways of carrying the bike: 

How safe would it be to assemble it back without going to my LBS (it will probably take them some much time, and I would not like to miss riding on my weekend)? I have no experience in suspension fork servicing; my idea is just to use common sense to screw parts back in. Which way can I secure my bike on my backpack, so the back ache (and supposedly damage) is minimized? Sometimes I want to ascend a steep (say, 50%) slope, where is impossible to ride and awkward to push/pull the bike. I imagine the last idea, with resting the bike on the backpack, is the only usable one for long sections (say, 30-60 minutes walking). Am I right? 

Update: I had a half-full 35-litre backpack at the day I had this problem. I am willing to fill my pack with light bulky stuff if needed, but I don't want a bigger pack: 35 L seems enough for maximal journeys I want to do; any bigger and it starts to be annoying.