Conversely, if the characters are themselves influenced by the real-world philosophers, and not reinventing their philosophies, then it would be simplest to have them refer to the philosopher directly when introducing the idea. "As Sartre would say, you're in a state of bad faith, Gertrude." I think that is the approach taken by Walker Percy in The Moviegoer. Typically, that's what people do in real life as well (although you want to be sparing with it if you don't want the whole thing to read transparently as a philosophy lesson). 

In many ways, this is just the basic work of writing, and every writer will handle it differently. However, in general, details are more vivid when they are emotionally charged. In other words, try to see it through your character's eyes, even if you have a third-person narrator. There are a lot of services that can help with those tasks, but the vast majority of them are over-priced rip-offs that take advantage of people who want to be authors. Accordingly, most self-published books are either amateurishly produced by do-it-yourselfers, or professionally produced at a nightmarishly high cost by a vanity service. 

There are several routes to self-publishing, each with advantages and disadvantages: If you do decide to accept the hoodie, however, the potential "sloppiness" of the excuse for it is entirely on you. Don't half-step it, or be begrudging --find a way to make it actually work (either straight, or ironic). Otherwise you'll likely be selling out for nothing. 

Though I don't worry about length before I write, this can give a sense of the length of the story. My scenes tend to fall between 800 and 2000 words (2000 words is a long scene for me). I figure 1500 words on average. So if I have 10 scenes, that's about 15,000 words. Read each journal's submission guidelines. Those will describe (among other things) what genres they are interested in. They are often quite good at expressing what kinds of stories they don't want. And experiment now and again, because your needs will change over time. Know the market. If you read each journal, you know something about the kinds of stories they buy. Err in favor of sending the story. Let the editor decide. 

ETA: This idea is useful sometimes. Lauren Ipsum's idea is useful all the time. Y'all should go upvote that one. I stop with the bare minimum. That gives me the energy I need to get into the scene, and plenty of freedom and opportunity for discovery as I write. 

I can often get a feeling for whether a scene will be shorter or longer because of the nature of the conflict--how the POV character will try to accomplish the scene goal, and how the conflicting characters will interfere. See if you can add a twist. One time Harlan Ellison wrote: 

Given that you want to give credit where it is due, I would suggest an endnote where you discuss where the philosophical ideas came from. If I recall correctly, this is the approach Neal Stephenson took in Ananthem where real philosophies are attributed to fictional characters within the narrative (and correctly credited in the endnotes). 

The basic issue with self-publishing is that you have to do everything yourself --write the book, edit it, format it for publishing, arrange cover art (and illustrations if any), print it, distribute it and market it. This is a lot of work, and very few people can do all these different jobs well. 

As with every element of style, it depends on context. In modern American fiction, semicolons are avoided; but trends do change, and old-fashioned modes of expression that were once considered effete affectations are coming back into fashion. If you try to please everyone, you please no-one. Finnegan's Wake (Joyce) has gained and retained a reputation as a great classic of the English language, despite working hard at every turn to confound and confuse the reader (and arguably not even being written in real "English").