David Lewis was a proponent of modal realism, the idea that possible worlds are all physically real. He argues that in a statement that begins with "In the real world," "real" in this context in just indexical and refers to our own world. Saul Kripke, who put down the foundation for modal logic with possible world semantics, rejected modal realism and argued that possible worlds are absolutely not physically realized but are instead just linguistic and philosophical tools. 

A strict Utilitarian view is that we are morally obligated in every situation to do the action that maximizes utility (happiness, well being, or however else it is specifically defined). Again, a strict view would be that if you are given two options and one of them is morally obligatory, it increases utility more than the other action, it would be morally impermissible to do that action. Not all Utilitarians believe in the strictest view and some might see your example of buying beer as a morally obligatory vs a morally permissible action. 

The Passion of the Western Mind: Understanding the Ideas That Have Shaped Our World View was saved for last because it is much unlike the other two books. The first two books are reviews or histories of the subject, while Tarnas' work is more like an actual piece of philosophy. He is not only trying to explain the sequence of ideas that lead to modernity and post modernity in Western culture, he is also trying to make arguments about this history of events and how they impacted the world we live in now. Tarnas is a psychologist/cultural historian and he makes his own arguments in his book. This is very different from Durant and Russell's books which for the most part detail and explain the ideas of other philosophers (although there is a small section at the end of A History of Western Philosophy that explains Russell's personal philosophy). Tarnas' book is a history of Western philosophy, but it is more so his argument for how that history is shaping the world today and how people should live accordingly. If those two assumptions aren't strong enough to lead directly to modal realism by themselves, what happens if she also accepts a general metaphysical realism?