These verses uses the doubled pronoun I myself to emphasize the personal nature of God's punishment. If, for example, man's punishment was just the natural consequence of sin and not a direct action of God (i.e. if God's wrath was accommodating language), this emphasis would be out of place. Furthermore, the sevenfold nature of the discipline would seem to indicate that the punishment is more than the inevitable consequence of the sin. The author of Leviticus is making it quite clear that the punishment given is from the direct action of God, which means it emanates from an actual aspect of God's nature. In this passage, Paul clearly ties the wrath of God to His righteous judgment of mankind. By doing evil, the sinner is "storing up wrath" that will be result in judgment on the "day of wrath." If the wrath being stored/delivered is not literal or not roughly equivalent to human wrath, then it is difficult to see what "tribulation and distress" the sinner will be suffering. Note also that the suffering is tied not an abstract person, but rather "the Jew" and "the Greek" - precisely Paul's original audience. If we were to understand this passage as a metaphor for God's character, we would expect at least some sort of textual clue, but instead the message is delivered in very concrete terms, and explicitly directed at the (original) reader. Deuteronomy A similar theme is found in Deuteronomy. In Matthew 11, Jesus harshly rebukes a series of cities for failing to repent. In Matthew 23, He casts similar judgment on to the scribes and Pharisees. Although neither passage uses the term "wrath," it is apparent that Jesus is passing judgment on these groups. The passages certainly read much more naturally if one sees an element of anger in Jesus' speech. In Mark 3:5, He is explicitly described as angry: So, if anger is not automatically sinful for man, then there is no need to "explain" God's anger. And there is a real danger is seeking a way to explain away things that make us uncomfortable. If "negative" emotions attributed to God are merely accommodations, who is to say that "positive" ones aren't? Perhaps God is actually ambivalent to humanity and we just think He loves us because that of our finite understanding of God... It is one thing to say the "eyes of the Lord" (e.g. 2 Chronicles 16:9), which can easily be read as a metaphor in context, are an accommodation. It is quite another to say something (e.g. wrath) that is explicitly described as an attribute of God is one.