We can rephrase the above assertion as : "when there is rain, there are clouds" and also with : "there is rain, only when there are clouds". 

If a theory T is complete (in the second sense, plus a second "technical" condition : effectively axiomatized), i.e. T is able to prove all true sentences φ expressible in the language of the theory, due to the fact that either φ is true in T or ¬φ is true in T, then T is decidable. 

For most of "little bit complex" mathematical theories, this is not possible. 

A good exercise is to replace the "if..., then___" construction with a different one using "when". 

NO, completeness of first-order logic does not imply decidability. 

[Note. If we consider the two formulae above, and we consider their meaning regarding the single arithmetical interpretation, now we have that one of them is true and the other is false. Due to the fact that there are infinite natural numbers (and so, more than one), we have that the formula : ∃x∃y ¬(x = y) is true in the arithmetical interpretation (consider e.g. 1 and 2), while its denial ∀x∀y (x = y) is obviously false (not all numbers are equal)]. 

⊨ φ (i.e. φ is valid) iff ⊢ φ (i.e. φ is provable). 

For proofs, see the posts: Why is this true and Proof of Drinker paradox. 

Compare with propositional logic, where a valid formula is called a tautology (the negation of a tautology is called a contradiction : a formula which is always false). 

reduces necessity to (logical) entailment. But the relation of entailment is basically the formalization of "logical necessity" : B necessarily follows from A iff A entails B (i.e. iff B is logical consequence of A). 

Let assume some "technical" facts regarding Gödel's Incompleteness Theorems : 

2.2) Assume ¬R and derive Q from ¬R → Q and then derive Q ∨ R. 

Your fallacy regards the "basic property" of validity : 

6) ¬ P --- assumed [d] for ∨-elimination 

But we have also ¬P. Thus, we may conclude with Q. 

Then ¬G is false; so, by soundness of F : F ⊬ ¬G. 

The "underlying" f-o logic is complete (first sense) : i.e. it is able to prove all logical consequences of the axioms of the theory T. 

Assuming that the system F is sound with respect to truth in the structure of the natural numbers (called N), we have that : 

But note that also in this case it is not true that, for a formula A whatever, A is a tautology or ¬A is. 

But the theory T is incomplete (according to Gödel's incompleteness theorem), i.e. there is a true arithmetical sentence φ not provable from the axioms of T. 

Compare with possibly and necessary : 

But nothing is said about the converse : we cannot have clouds without rain. 

in term of the the relation "_ is better than ...". 

The second observation regards the fallacious analysis of 

1) Assume R and derive Q ∨ R by ∨-intro, and it is done. 

Unfortunately, the semantics leaves the most interesting — and difficult — philosophical questions largely unanswered [emphasis added]. 

And also a contradiction is "defined" as a logical impossibility. 

See Christine Ladd-Franklin, “On the Algebra of Logic”, in Charles Sanders Peirce (editor), Studies in Logic (1883), page 17-on; see pages 61-62. 

We cannot derive a contradiction from P ↔ Q and P → ¬Q, because the the two formuale are simultaneously satisfiable. 

But from "Nothing is better than butter" we can infer "cheese is not better than butter" and also "margarine is not better than butter". 

On non-motivators to abandon classical logic The particular example you note of "unknown knowns", can be interpreted perfectly adequately using a traditional logical approach. From the introduction to the linked Wikipedia link to "unknown known": 

Note that the statement "on a quantum mechanical scale" is itself a vague statement. Most physicists believe that matter behaves according to quantum mechanics at all scales, it's just that for objects which are large and rigid enough, we can use less complicated models of physics such as Newtonian mechanics to describe what's going on. So even saying "on a quantum mechanical scale" is insufficient to save us from an infinite avalanche of bengal tigers. If we want to put teeth into a statement such as this, we need something subtler than equality; we need actual numbers and differences, to describe differences in size and in probability. 

There are a number of things which are problematic with identifying infinity with zero, with entertaining the idea that they are equal. 

Logical operations are the very starting point of circuit complexity, which is the most promising direction to seek provable big-picture results in computational complexity, and — speaking of modern computing technology — is also one of the easiest gateways to the formalism of quantum computation. 

Predicate logic is somewhat like propositional logic, except that where propositional logic only works on the level of whole sentences (e.g. A = "Socrates is mortal", B = "All Scottish people eat their porridge plain"), it allows you to talk about individual objects (e.g. "Socrates", "porridge") and consider properties of these objects in any relationship to one another to try and get at other relationships that the objects might have. 

The truth-table for P ⊃ Q Thinking about P ⊃ Q in terms of constraints allows us to explain the truth-table for conditionals: 

which is a moral absurdity which follows from the fact that telling a hard truth is socially transgressive, and that while making someone cry is not a good course of action, it is a better choice of action than the other possible consequences of telling a hard truth. 

We sometimes say instead something like 'There is a murderer in this room', but without meaning to definitely assert that there is exactly one such person. Again, if we suppose that there are only finitely many people in the room ("Colonel Mustard", "Mrs. Peacock", "Professor Plum", ...) then this statement is equivalent to