Bjarne Stroustrup: http://www2.research.att.com/~bs/C++0xFAQ.html (he's kind of on the fence still but does say it's called C++11, just that he doesn't feel like rewording his FAQ yet) 

Herb Sutter: http://herbsutter.com/2011/08/12/we-have-an-international-standard-c0x-is-unanimously-approved/ If the tag truly belongs on the site, it applies to some questions on the site. Add it to some questions that exist; this will also create it. If it doesn't apply to any existing question, there's no reason to try to create it. However, your bad question will almost certainly be closed before gaining any answers, and is likely to be downvoted. Then it will be deleted, either manually by people voting or by the Roomba. And when it is deleted, the tag will go with it. If anyone can think of an X and a Y that meet these conditions: Another obvious application would be preventing visual-studio 2010 and the like. 

In theory, yes. You can ask a bad question, put the new tag on it, and it will be created. Unless someone else has taken up the torch and has been doing the edits, I think that removing the sponsorship did the trick. I'm actually a little surprised to see such a clear line. If someone knows exactly when it was removed and wants to compare to my edit history, I'd be interested in the time spans involved. 

This is not a retag request, this is merely an inquiry as to preferred protocol. Especially in meta where we discuss the mechanics of the Trilogy, we end up with a lot of tags like [votes] and [voting] separately. But we are kinda divided on which version we prefer. A small sampling below... 

The new ability to apply special formatting to tags in questions and answers is great! But I'd like to make a feature-request and hopefully not get shot for this horrendous abuse. This has caused a lot of general, not-really-tag-worthy rooms to be stuck with tags, however pointless they may be. It would be better that we be able to remove all tags from a room if there is no reason to truly associate tags with the room. 

If a tag wiki becomes inaccessible due to a tag being eliminated, is the data destroyed? Or would it be able to be recovered by just recreating the tag? Can we allow some level of site specification for this? I can see that being able to specify any SE site would be problematically annoying. But I think that at least being able to specify, for example, tags from the parent site when posting on the Meta site would be useful. On the Meta site for any Stack Exchange site, proper tagging is a very common topic of discussion, and being able to use the new tag formatting will roll right in comfortably. But currently, instead of linking to the tag you actually mean, it'll link to the (typically non-existent) Meta tag. Scott Meyers: http://scottmeyers.blogspot.com/2011/08/c11-feature-availability-spreadsheet.html Another obvious application would be preventing visual-studio 2010 and the like. (Damn! After two clear days including an entire Monday, I spotted a mis-tag and fixed it.) Unless someone else has taken up the torch and has been doing the edits, I think that removing the sponsorship did the trick. I'm actually a little surprised to see such a clear line. If someone knows exactly when it was removed and wants to compare to my edit history, I'd be interested in the time spans involved. 

If anyone can think of an X and a Y that meet these conditions: Herb Sutter: http://herbsutter.com/2011/08/12/we-have-an-international-standard-c0x-is-unanimously-approved/ Imagine a world where the following tags exist: com interop com-interop. 

Then by all means add those as an answer. It's my contention that no such combination exists In theory, yes. You can ask a bad question, put the new tag on it, and it will be created. 

Does this matter? I think it does. I'm trying to solve a com interop problem today and the huge quantity of com interop questions out there are making me mental. That is not a correct tagging. If a question is tagged both com and interop it's because it's about COM Interop and the OP didn't know about the com-interop tag. This means that my searches are much harder than they need to be. I recall we've had a lot of retagging posses looking for tags like 2010 and 7, created when people tried to type entire product names including version suffixes.