q = "you hurt other people's feelings" (Why do we change the word 'something' to 'anything' in the sentence above? Basically because the opposite of "some" in English is "not any".) We can see this using the description in terms of AND and OR: is non-weakening: we cannot infer B ⇒ ~A for all B, from ~A; and is non-explosive: we cannot infer A ⇒ B for all B, from ~A. Classical logic obviously isn't such a logic, because implication is material implication; and common forms of intuitionistic logic don't work either, because the weakening inference which we want to avoid is usually valid (e.g. as a logical axiom at the link above). HOWEVER — you cannot change the order of universal quantifiers and existential quantifiers without changing the meaning. Rather than just fixating on eating cheese, let's consider all possible sorts of activity. Then We can make similar comments for vacuously true statements, such as The reason for the different connectives, when defining the restricted quantifications, is essentially that this is what we need to have in order to allow the restricted quantifications to behave as if they were 'normal' quantifications on the smaller domain. The notions of a "sufficient condition" and a "necessary condition" are complementary to one another; if one condition is sufficient for another, then that second condition is necessary for the first condition. On the order of quantifiers It's important to remember that the order of the quantifiers matter — you often cannot re-order them without changing the meaning. If you really mean that you want for A ⇒ ~A to be false when ~A is true, you will have to specify what precisely you mean by 'falsehood'. In relevance logic, 'truth' amounts to 'provability': so for instance A v ~A is only 'true' if we have a separate proof for A or a separate proof for ~A. Do you take falsehood of A ⇒ ~A to be a meta-logical impossibility of obtaining a proof? Or do you take it to mean that you can prove ~(A ⇒ ~A)? Either way you may find yourself presented with a challenge.