EDIT: Bye the bye, boarding school for wizards was a very niche concept, and at least 50 years out of date (who goes to boarding school any more?). And then it wasn't. 

In each of the skills in your act you will hit a plateau where you will get discouraged. If you really want to be a circus performer, you will persevere and eventually start improving again. If not, you will quit and do something else. That's fine. We all have to test our resolve to know how much we really want something. Maybe you will decide to be an accountant but you will put on a clown suit and juggle rubber balls for children's parties on the weekends. That is fine too. 

I tend to look at story ideas in terms of desire. 

That does not mean, of course, that there cannot be any preaching in a story. People preach in real life. When Tom Joad gives his impassioned speech at the end of Grapes of Wrath, it does not feel like the author preaching, though of course it is, it feels like the character preaching because that is exactly the speech that that character would give in that situation (whether the author agreed with him or not). 

Learning to write it like that too. It looks easy, but then, the great circus performers make it look easy. But a writer had to build a world, create characters, paint a scene, tell a story, expound a theme, and charm the reader with beauty all in a single string of words. It is at least as complicated and difficult a task as riding a unicycle blindfold over a pit of tigers while juggling flaming batons. It takes as long to learn. There will be plateaus that test your resolve. Most who try never get good enough to wow the crowd. 

The emotional lives of children, adolescents, and adults are very different. This sometimes lead adults to dismiss the emotions of children and adolescents as trivial or inconsequential, which is unfair. If anything, the emotions of children and adolescents are more deeply felt than those of adults. 

And so the character must come to some point, some task, some decision, for which they are in some important way unsuited. If they were well suited, the task would be easily accomplished without drama and we would have no story. Superman can rescue cats out of trees all day long, since it is a task for which he is eminently well suited, but by the time we have seen him do it the third time, we start to find it tedious. It is the task for which he is in some way unsuited that makes for an interesting story. 

The word "character" is used in two different senses. There is "character" in the sense of "characteristics" -- the way that a person does things that is different from how others do things. If someone whistles while they work, that is a characteristic. 

A character trait in the first, non-moral, sense might also conceivably be considered a flaw in a particular situation. Someone of nervous disposition might not be best suited to the job of commando. Someone boisterous and clumsy might not make a good china shop assistant. Their character, in other words, may make them unsuitable for a task, even though it is not a moral failure. It is a flaw only in the context of the task. 

Mixing dialogue and action is a technique that has certain effects. I think in many cases they are not the effect the writer was striving for. This is based on many years of reading unpublished manuscripts in critique groups and trying to figure out what was not working for me about them, and then trying to contrast these not-working passages from working passages in published books. 

There are lots of models you can use to assess if a story idea is complete, and to develop your story idea to completion. (I would suggest looking at McKee (Story) and Vogler (The Writers Journey) to start with.) 

If you have not noticed that storytelling works this way, well, that just shows how ingrained this feature of storytelling is. We are not consciously aware of it most of the time unless it breaks down. But it is there in everything we read and watch if we only take a moment to look for it. 

But there is an important limitation in prose. It is not possible for two things to happen at once. Unlike a movie director, you cannot show someone speaking and scratching their nose simultaneously. You can write: 

So, if you want to ignore the language issues, ignore the language issues. Just make sure that you tell the story in a way that people accept (without particularly noticing) that languages issues, like going to the bathroom, are not something we are going to concern ourselves with in this story. 

In real life, of course, speech and action go together all the time. In fact, it is often hard to follow the speech without seeing the action. So why wouldn't it be natural to mix them in prose the way they are mixed in life? To me, it comes down to the way that a scene is painted in prose: one word at a time. 

And, this, I conclude, is why most novelists avoid mixing dialogue and action in most cases, and present dialogue as a simple exchange of speeches with only the minimal use of speech tags and maybe the odd shrug or nod (actions which, in any case, happen in serial, not parallel with speech).