No, that option expired in 1788. 

“What does it take for someone to misuse classified information and get in trouble for it?” he asked. 

Even if federal funding to states were not to be considered a grant (and thus not grant fraud), there's going to be equivalent mechanisms in place already - earmarked federal funds are a common thing, so no matter what the mechanism, there's certainly going to be some form of oversight already in place. 

Trump's 2020 re-election campaign recently filed their required FEC statements, showing they had raised $13.2 million so far. It's safe to assume at this time that Trump does, in fact, intend on running for a second term, like almost every other first-term President has. It's way too soon to tell if he will have a serious primary challenge (unlike most incumbent Presidents), but even if he does, he can clearly spend these campaign funds on that election. 

At the very least, the federal government would then not cover the costs of the non-compliant expenses by withholding money. 

It is worth noting that none of these provisions have ever been used or tested in court. It's possible that if an event happened such that they were needed, a Cabinet member who was presumed dead (and thus passed over) may try to argue that "presumed dead" is not a disability or failure to qualify in the sense of (d)(2), and that they should replace the current Acting President. At that point, they would have standing to sue the current officeholder, and the courts could decide which one will hold the office, whether it's a political question that courts can't address, or whether the whole act is unconstiutional. 

However, there's a compromise position I haven't heard anyone espousing, and I'm wondering whether it would be legal under current SCOTUS precedent. 

I have no numbers to support this, but I have the impression that the majority of home schooled children are being home schooled for religious reasons. Thus the Cruz amendment turns a Democrat-supported "increase education" tax plan into a religion-boosting tax break. 

Formally, it is not the candidates who decide who has won. The electoral process continues the same way whatever they say about the issue, with only the courts of each State being available to inquiry about allegations of fraud (if there is some kind of evidence about it). The scenario would not be much different from the 2000 elections at Florida. 

1Which I think is a very generous estimate, but happens to be easy for the calculations. 

Imagine what some idiots tried to pull out on the basis of the "birthers" claims or the "sovereign citizens" ideas and increase that by several orders of magnitude. The most extreme2 outcome is that argument permeating into the military and being the base for a coup d'état. 

Prestige: As the above states, AGs and the like have their own personal prestige. As top public officers their actions are widely reported, so if they do not do the right thing their personal prestige will suffer from it. And that prestige is what will help the official to get one of those high level jobs stated above. 

Additionally, that combines nicely with Maslow's hierarchy of needs; the job opportunities for a dismissed top official means that they are less worried about the lower levels of the pyramid (basically, getting money to get food, shelter and a minimum of comfort) and more with the upper levels (public recognition). 

A different tactic would be adding to the rolls people who are not allowed to vote, or even unexistent people (so people with fake IDs would vote twice or more). Detecting these is more of a problem, since it does not involve innocent people. Still, it is a significant risk due to: 

2 Appart from that, nothing appears to limit the use of Federal troops (if properly activated) to perform duties not related to law enforcement, like digging an anti-fire trench or distributing food. 

The issue of not accepting defeat is that the elected representative of a lot of people will be claiming that the elected president is not the legitimate president, and people from all kind of situations may try to use that as a way to justify their actions, whatever they are... from tax fraud, to disobeying military orders, to outright terrorism1 because the government authority is claimed to be illegitimate.