So, to get to your second question: "How do we know we are following a rule?" This is a question that ONLY becomes meaningful if you accept there is a separation between grasping a rule and the rule itself. Think of the situations where it becomes useful to exclaim: "I know I am following a rule!" Perhaps in a maths class, an innumerate classmate challenges you to prove to him that the scribbles in your notebook are not arbitrary doodles. When he remains unconvinced, the epistemic exclamation: "I know I am following a mathematical rule!" is meant to convey to him a certain regularity in your behaviour, perhaps in an attempt to convince him not to dismiss mathematics altogether. Here the exclamations make sense. 

Now as for philosophical implications, the literature is immense. I will mention some pertinent issues: 

The fundamental grammatical mistake (there is always one of those in the later Wittgenstein) therefore is that of adopting too wide a scope for the term "interpretation" when we are doing philosophy. It is this that leads us into temptation and it is this that we must get rid of if we are to clear the 'misunderstanding' and realize that there really is no problem with rule-following at all: the fly, as it were, was never in the bottle to begin with. So you can see that (G1T) applies to a vast array of formal systems. Whether you choose to see the G's obtained as 'unprovable truths' depends on your semantics/ on whether your T has an intended interpretation and so on. But in most usual cases that kind of conclusion is considered justified. But it only arises because of the subvenient syntactic glitch that (G1T) ensures. 

I see two parts in your question. Firstly, what did Wittgenstein think about rule-following and what is his critique meant to teach us? Secondly, how can we, in the light of this paradox, ever know we are following a rule. I take them in turn - my answer to the second question will be informed by the Wittgensteinian analysis that grows out of the first. 

What is crucial is that we must not let ourselves take this proclamation literally. There is no fact by virtue of which I can know that I am following a rule. To say that I do is just a manner of speaking. There is a feeling of being 'guided' by the rule, of being led to the next step as though by an invisible hand. That is the feeling we try to convey when we say: 'I have grasped this rule! I now know how to apply it in all future applications!' The mistake is to understand this invisible guidance in terms of an interpretation that somehow, as it is grasped, magically fits all the facts, past present and future. The feeling is no more mysterious than the feeling of guidance one gets when one sees an arrow pointing right. One knows where the arrow is pointing at simply by virtue of being a member of a linguistic community (a form of life) that employs arrows in such a manner. 

There is something one always needs to keep in mind when reading the Investigations, which is that Wittgenstein's principal aim is to criticize philosophical parlance, not philosophical arguments per se. What Wittgenstein is doing here is not, as Kripke would have it, presenting us with a skeptical paradox, namely that there is no fact of the matter that makes it true that at any given instance I am following a particular rule. What he is criticizing instead is the philosophical temptation that leads us into thinking that the concept of a rule can only be approached through the concept of "interpreting a rule." 

Some people have seen (semantic) (G1T) as a cogent argument against mechanism, i.e. against the thesis that minds are machines. The locus classicus is Lucas' Minds, Machines and Godel. Penrose extends and fortifies the argument in his books on consciousness. Ripostes to these arguments abound, see especially Putnam's Minds and Machines. Michael Dummett in the aptly titled 'The Philosophical Significance of Godel's Theorem' has argued that (G1T) may be construed as an argument against the thesis that meaning is use, by demonstrating to us that the use of any symbolic manipulation is always outrun by arithmetical truth and meaning. He introduces the notion of indefinite extensibility to salvage the thesis and provokes a lot of debate along thhe way. There are certain versions of Hilbert's Programme (HP) that can be said to have been refuted by (G1T). Nevertheless it is usually the Second Incompleteness Theorem that most people take to be the final nail in the coffin of (HP). Arguably this is the most monumental philosophical contribution of Godel's epoch-making discovery, namely that it single-handedly refuted Hilbertian formalism. Although, again, there are some research projects that can be seen as partial realizations of HP that are being carried out to this day - especially noteworthy in this direction are Detlefsen and Feferman. Finally, I should like to say that countless philosophically-minded authors/thinkers/hacks have appropriated Godel's Theorem to try and make points about self-reference/loops/God/metaphysics/environmental awareness and God knows what else. The three implications I raised may seem dry and academic but they are also precise, well-studied and free from hyperbole. There is no doubt that Godel's theorems propelled our understanding of formal systems forward - and with it, our understanding of the philosophical powers and weaknesses of formal reasoning.