Allow some crying - Happy Sleep Habits, Healthy Child recommendeds up to 20 minutes at this age, I believe - to see if the child will return to sleep independently. This is obviously not a good fit for all parenting styles. If the child uses a pacifier to fall asleep, be in place just before the end of the sleep cycle and replace it just as your child stirs. Or be in place to recreate, in general, however your child falls asleep if it is not independently just at the end of that sleep cycle. This is the method recommended in The No-Cry Nap Solution. It worked all of once for my child. If the child falls asleep nursing or with a bottle, when the child wakes be prepared to feed back to sleep. Keep the child with you for the duration of light sleep (15-20 minutes) before returning to a sleeping location. Since you used to hold your child for naps, hold until asleep again after a wake-up plus the duration of light sleep, then return to the child's sleeping location. This consistently worked for my short napper who was also held to sleep. You can also try placing a "heavy hand" on your child through the full light sleep cycle transition of 20 minutes. Be in place 5 minutes before your child usually wakes up (25 minutes for your sometimes-30-minute napper) and place your hand on your child's chest in a reassuringly firm manner. Keep your hand there as your child stirs throughout light sleep until the child returns to deep sleep. If your 4 month old often starts awake by kicking or jerking, you can keep your child from jerking though the light sleep cycle. For example my infant used to kick herself awake. I would try, and occasionally succeed, to keep my hand over her legs to muffle her kicks. This kept her from waking up during light sleep. A product like the Baby Merlin's Magic Sleep Suit purports to do the same thing. This method is mentioned in Secrets of the Baby Whisperer. By conducting a nap extension you may help teach your child to learn to sleep longer for naps and you may find naps naturally lengthen on their own. 

For children under about eight or nine months, stories primarily serve the purpose of hearing the parent's voice, as a soothing influence and helping to develop language. Therefore, any story will do. Books primarily should be high contrast, black and white in particular or very bright colors with few variations (ie, an entirely green turtle, not one with various lines of different colors that is more realistic). Since you don't provide an age, there are a few different guidelines based on age. 

Finally, make sure you don't have health issues that are making this worse. Make sure he doesn't have acid reflux, for example. Check with your pediatrician regularly about this, and see what they think. You could watch Star Wars, read (or watch!) Lord of the Rings, or read countless fantasy books and see this same formula used over and over again. Some stick more closely to it - see Terry Brooks or David Eddings, both of whom unabashedly stick to it fairly tightly - perhaps the closest of which is Star Wars itself. I am not going to replicate this here due to space and time constraints (and I'm pretty terrible as an author), but it's not all that hard to replicate - and in fact, many D&D games that are more on the storytelling side end up replicating this (often intentionally). By 8 or 10 you could easily do something like this with your children, and involve them (perhaps with some roleplaying aspects, perhaps not) and have a lot of fun. For example, one story I'd tell my son (let's call him R) goes something like this: The Man with the Yellow Hat needed Sugar, Baking Powder, Chocolate Chips, and flour, to bake the cookies they wanted to bake. While they went past the cookie aisle, George saw something he liked, and ran off. R followed him, and said "No George, don't run away!" George stopped, and saw a little boy crying in the aisle. R couldn't find the Man with the Yellow Hat, so he found a worker at the store, and told him the boy was missing his mommy. You can make that up that 'on the go' pretty easily, even if you're not creative (I am absolutely not!). Several of the other book series work similarly, as well as Aesop's Fables and some of Grimm's fairy tales: there is a fairly simple formula that anyone can follow, just filling in the details around the formula. The nice thing is that kids don't care too much about the actual quality of writing - so just make it customized to the kid, and you're all square. 

Adding a bit for older kids, there are formulas you can use even for quite complex stories. If your kids like Tolkien, there is a common Tolkien-ish formula. Here's my approximation of it: