19 Then shall his father and his mother lay hold on him, and bring him out unto the elders of his city, and unto the gate of his place; 

Jesus could give them the power to do those things just as the Father has the ability to endow not only Jesus but anyone with certain power and authority as he desires. 

God blessed the Sabbath and made it holy and is to be observed as a covenant to the LORD. 

Deuteronomy 21:18 through 21 KJV 

22 And he informed me, and talked with me, and said, O Daniel, I am now come forth to give thee skill and understanding. 

The Vision is explained by the Angel Gabrielle. 

So does this literally mean 70 weeks? 

Christ as the third part of the Trinity had the authority, with the consent of the Father, to delegate that power to his disciples. 

Daniel also predicts that the Antichrist will face judgment. He only rules “until the end that is decreed is poured out on him” (Daniel 9:27). God will only allow evil to go so far, and the judgment the Antichrist will face has already been planned out. 

Jesus had on at lest one other occasion sensed the faith of one who was not closely following him. 

The prophet Daniel was given many direct visions and revelations by God through the angel Gabriel that pertain to the End Times. In fact, he was given so much information that Jesus Himself recommends that we study and understand what Daniel had to say. 

So now that man had given up his eternal life, when Adam died there would be left no one to tend the earth and till the soil. 

Daniel 9:26 continues with a prediction that, after the Messiah is killed, “the people of the ruler who will come will destroy the city and the sanctuary.” This was fulfilled with the destruction of Jerusalem in A.D. 70. The “ruler who will come” is a reference to the Antichrist, who, it seems, will have some connection with Rome, since it was the Romans who destroyed Jerusalem. 

28 And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth. 

We do not have the right to degrade the Sabbath and ignore it's significance. 

Remember that we said that the number 7 when used in the Bible meant complete or total. 

25 Know therefore and understand, that from the going forth of the commandment to restore and to build Jerusalem unto the Messiah the Prince shall be seven weeks, and threescore and two weeks: the street shall be built again, and the wall, even in troublous times. 

But you have singled out only one of many sexual deviations for which God has pronounced physical death and all of those are for the same reason and that is the misuse of sex. 

So it only stands to reason that if you do not honor your parents you should expect that your days will not be long, and matter of fact the less you honor them the shorter you should expect them to be right up to the point of not having any more days. 

22 And the rib, which the LORD God had taken from man, made he a woman, and brought her unto the man. 

Daniel’s prophecy reveals some of the actions of the Antichrist, the “ruler who will come.” Verse 27 says, “He will confirm a covenant with many for one ‘seven.’” However, “in the middle of the ‘seven,’ . . . he will set up an abomination that causes desolation” in the temple. Jesus warned of this event in Matthew 24:15. After the Antichrist breaks the covenant with Israel, a time of “great tribulation” begins (Matthew 24:21, NKJV). 

God created them differently for a reason, and that reason was: 

Jeremiah 44:2 KJV Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; Ye have seen all the evil that I have brought upon Jerusalem, and upon all the cities of Judah; and, behold, this day they are a desolation, and no man dwelleth therein, 

21 And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he slept: and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead thereof; 

49 years + 434 years = 483 years 

here it is worth noting that the use of the term 7 in the Bible is usually a notation meaning complete or total. 

also it is important to remember that Christ exists not only in the material realm, but also in the Spiritual realm where there is no time. 

As for the punishment of physical death for breaking the Sabbath God gave man a specific command; 

Jesus exists even today as both man and God, the two cannot be separated as they are one and the same in the Spiritual realm. And as the Spirit Deity he was with them even as he is with us today.