US policymakers did not have total faith Communism would fail. They worried it would defeat capitalism, or at least coexist with it indefinitely. On a more practical level, there are other advantages to a term limit for the President: In practice, there was a strong unwritten convention that Presidents would seek only two terms. This began with George Washington, who noted in his farewell address that he was declining to run for a third term. (3) voting for such other purpose is conducted independently of voting for a candidate for such Federal offices, in such a manner that an alien has the opportunity to vote for such other purpose, but not an opportunity to vote for a candidate for any one or more of such Federal offices. Graham is referring to the NATO treaty as a metaphor for collective defense. He seems to be appealing for Republican Senators to form a united front in the face of attacks by Trump. His argument is that an attack on any individual Senator is an attack on the status of Republican Senators as a group -- and, perhaps, on the authority of the Senate itself. The relevant US law is the Foreign Agents Registration Act, which covers agents who act "at the order, request, or under the direction or control" of a foreign power. Therefore, institutional and editorial independence is the key. Conclusion Historically, the above processes have often screened out weak, fringe, or scandalous candidates. They do not always work as intended: This is where you are mistaken. The lender is concerned with the ability of the borrower to pay back the debt. If I have an annual income of $100,000, then all else being equal I can borrow much more than if my income is $10,000. The relevant measure here is debt-to-GDP ratio; that is, the size of debt in relation to the national economy. The "national economy" encompasses all industry and other economic activity, including tourism. The values are 181.6% for Greece and 73.8% for the USA. Basically, the debt of Greece is about 2.5 times larger in relation to its economy. Principle: Trump's breaks with established moral norms are too numerous to list here, but include attacks on the principles of a free press and independent judiciary. In addition, Trump is under investigation by a special prosecutor for some very serious issues. Former presidents or presidential nominees: Bush 41, Bush 43, Mitt Romney, John McCain. Probably not; but it depends on the extradition treaty Extradition basically works like this: Working with Trump, in an attempt to find areas of common ground and/or advance their own agendas. For example, consider the "New Frontier" speech given by Senator (later President) John F Kennedy in 1960: Finally, the USA's national debt is denominated in dollars. If needed, the Federal Reserve can issue as many new dollars as it likes, so the USA cannot fail to pay its debt (unless its government chooses to default). Greece does not have this advantage, because its debt is denominated in euros.