“I need the latest copy of Rolling Stone.” 

Be willing to trash a good part of what you have written during revision. Get feedback from readers. Use it. That's a cautionary tale. If you think that will happen to you, take precautions up front. This may mean committing to finishing it even when it is no longer fun, or writing the ending first, or some other approach. 

“Let me know if you need anything.” “Nevermind, I’ll get it in the subway.” 

So - How do you do it? That's up to you, but don't let the empty screen stop you from getting on with it. 

Maybe have Mike make that choice and fail, but then he ends up on that course again anyway because it becomes clear that it was correct. Like, they thwart his program and go to get the machinery, only to learn that they needed his mother to complete their mission. FWIW, as food for thought: I thought the device used in Mistborn, when Kelsior recognized that some religions start best with a martyr, especially one that rises from the dead, was very effective. 

What appeals to me most, as a method of showing, is the idea of the literary iceberg, where a few words are well-used, but what is unsaid is what is most evocative. Hemingway’s five word story: "For sale: baby shoes, unused” is the classic example. This is telling you that you can buy a pair of new baby shoes. But what it is showing you is that someone expected a baby, and that expectation was not met. Presumably the baby died, which is much sadder than a shoe sale. Finding a way to use words in this way seems to me to be a powerful means of showing. 

Or, you can describe what the character is feeling and experiencing. That would be a likely approach by many. Tuck in the experience of the mask, and of his circumstances. Give some of his internal thought process. Something like: Those strike me as the necessary elements of a complete story idea. If you have those, the impetus of the story should be enough to carry you through to the end of the story. If you don't it is likely to flag at some point, as you have experienced. It really isn't a writing technique, so it can't be fixed by writing methods. As your emotional regulation improves in life, it will be reflected in your writing. Another factor may be time. TV and movies are inherently time constrained. A typical novel may be a seven or eight hour read, and the reader can pick it up and put it down as they please. Watching TV or movies like that just does not seem to work. TV shows and movies are consumed at a single sitting, and the stories must therefore fit into a box of between 30 and about 120 minutes. That is, they are inherently of short story to novella length (though they can also be a season long arc as well). He'd have to be quick, the noise of traffic might wake the others. He found the latch, a cold metal clasp. Please you Goddess, a soft landing! The fates must have heard him, for in one smooth motion he lifted the glass and fell backwards, landing with a soundless ‘whump’ onto the grass below. ^^^ That's my answer. I have a few more thoughts below. You now have two lists. The first is of the commonalities you have found from your research. The second is of the distinctive features of religions. 

(1) I am in a writing group where people have 'a great idea' and jump in and start writing and ... '2/3 of the way through they lose interest.' The first chapter is great because they worked on it and it was fun,. same with second, third, etc chapters. So they have a nice start to a story and then it sits unfinished for a long time somewhere. (The latest iteration of star trek premiered last night. There was much rejoicing in our household.) 

Most people, of course, don't have anything original or particularly insightful to say and you can build a nice career as a popular novelist simply by affirming the prejudices of your chosen slice of the reading public. But writing optimistic works in that mode will always tend to seem fluffy, whereas pessimistic or dark works can masquerade as serious much more easily. Plainness and clarity of instruction and description are therefore key virtues in technical communication. That should not make technical writing a dull job, though. Rather, it presents a different set of writing challenges. The usual sense of the word character flaw relates to the second meaning. Another word for it is besetting sin. It is the sin or sins that the person is liable to make over and over again. Lady Mary's constant sniping at Edith in Downton Abbey is a character flaw (or the result of one). Of course, a character flaw in this sense of the word is also a characteristic in the first sense of the word: a piece of typical behavior. 

For some writers, it would seem, it is quite normal to start with an incomplete idea and for them to discover the rest of the idea as the story develops. (The tale grew in the telling, in Tolkien's phrase.) 

This is not to say that there is not a similar attachment to characters in prose fiction. Some characters are far more popular than their authors (Harry Potter, Sherlock Holmes). But a reader's loyalty is just as often to the author, and they will follow them from story to story regardless of the cast. 

Making ideas, concepts, and tasks plain and clear is a challenge in its own right. And because the reader is often coming to the documentation with false ideas about how things ought to work, there is a real challenge in how to engage them and their thought processes and how to put their feet on the right path, particularly because their attitude is "just tell me which button to push!"