Most pitchers prefer to pitch "inside." In theory, right handed pitchers have trouble pitching to left handed batters (and vice-versa), because the right-handed pitcher's "inside" is the left-handed batter's "outside." Left handed pitchers get to pitch "inside" to left handed batters. Team 1 says, I don't want to give you a whole "extra" player, but if you trade me Y for X, which works in my favor, I'll offer you A for B, which works in yours. Now it's "two for two." There are nine men on the baseball team, which means that there will be at least three more men ahead of you before you can bat again if you've just scored a run. Then there's the case of the Pirates at Atlanta tonight, with the visitors leading 3-2 at the end of six. I read that unless the game were continued the same night, a victory would be recorded for the Pirates over the six inning game. The Rule 5 Draft gives other teams a "head start" on signing minor league players after the ends of their fourth and fifth years that would otherwise be eligible to be signed at the end of year six. (An example was Sean Burnett and Nyger Morgan for Joel Hanrahan and Lastings Milledge between the Pittsburgh Pirates and Washington Nationals some years ago, from my own piece: (I'm not referring to a veterans for prospects trade, that's a separate question.) If the home team is leading after four and a half, determination of the win seems trivial. But if the visiting team is leading, how would they determine whether the game will be scored as a visitors' win or continued later from the point of interruption? One exception to this rule is Jose Bautista, of the Toronto Blue Jays, whose forte is hitting inside (and is weaker outside). Left handed pitchers do better against him because their inside is his outside. Would a general manager have reason to question a manager for 1) violating the conventional wisdom about right- versus- left handed match ups and 2) NOT playing to win or lose the game in the current inning to spare future relievers? "Inside" is in relation to the batter. A right handed batter will stand to the left of the plate, so that his "inside" corner is the (left) corner closer to him, and the "outside" (right) corner is the one further from him. The reverse is true for a left handed batter. So a pitcher could give up, say, one unearned run, lose the game 1-0, and have a 0.00 ERA for the game. Membership on the 40-man roster suggests that the player has a future in the major leagues, even if he is still "technically" in the minors, because he may be called up any time a spot becomes available. By the end of the sixth year in the minors, a player will either have been promoted to the major leagues, or else have been released by the team. In that case, other teams may choose to sign him. Another thing that puzzles me is that a quality start is "retracted" if a starter goes six innings with no more than three runs, then pitches the seventh (and possibly an eighth) and gives up a fourth run. The way I look at it is that the pitcher earned a quality start for "three in six," then functioned as a "middle reliever," for the seventh inning. Put another way, the pitcher gave his manager the option of using only one inning of "middle" relief, even though the manager didn't use this option. Or don't the scorers see it that way? But there may be a more tangible home team advantage called the "principle of last action." This advantage derives from the fact that the home team bats and score last in every inning, and in the game itself.