To answer your question: It is not human progress which reduces individuals to Nietzsche's last men. The reason is that the LAST MAN 

Ad 2. In a religious the model is always combined with a personal creator. The model has been packed up by Christian mythology. In cosmology it is one of the favoured models since the investigation of the accelerated cosmological expansion. The latter is ascribed to the “dark energy”. 

Obviously in mathematics the only method is to prove the conjecture - or to disprove it by generating a counter example. But in science one cannot prove general results. A finite number of confirmed cases does not increase the probability that the general result is true. That's the problem of induction. Du Bois-Reymond stays completely in the domain of science, mysticism or spirituality was not his topic. For him, two scientific questions remain unanswerable: 1. What are matter and force? 2. How to derive consciousness from its material substrate? Du Bois concludes: But as regards the enigma what matter and force are and how they are able to conceive, he [the investigator of Nature] must resign himself once for all to the far more difficult confession - "IGNORABIMUS!" Since the advent of quantum mechanics we know that observation of microphysical effects may disturb the mind-independent reality in an unpredicitible way. As a consequence our knowledge resulting from a single observation is restriced by Heisenberg uncertainty relations. First I would like to state explicitly several cosmological models which relate to your question: Ad 3 and 4. I do not know a representative of this type of model. Critical rationalism is the view propagated by Popper. 

Edmund Husserl is one of the founders of phenomenology. Husserl has even studied mathematics, but afterwards switched to philosophy. As an introduction to these further issues may serve Audi, Robert (Ed.): The Cambridge Dictionary of Philosophy. 1995. See the keywords causation and explanation. 

The crucial point is how to confirm the conjecture. 

Determinism and randomness play a double role in Quantum Mechanics (QM): The fundamental equations of QM like Schroedinger or Dirac equation are differential equations similar to the differential equations of classical mechanics. And differential equations are the paradigms of a deterministic development. 

Sometimes you might hear "the law of gravitation" or "theory of gravity" or similar to refer to the scientific ideas and mathematical description of the phenomenon. Another relevant mental faculty is the ability to feel pain; at the very least it's pretty generally accepted that we should avoid inflicting gratuitous pain on entities that can experience it. So it is almost certain that answering this would need to account for multiple features and their potential interactions in terms of "overall value". Widening the scope of consideration, his goodness claim is also an implicit argument in the context of his science public advocacy. In this case, it would be that you should pay attention to science since it identifies truths about the world (since they can bite you in the ass whether or not you pay attention to them or not). That he feels the need to (indirectly in this case) exhort people about the value/goodness of science indicates that he recognizes that the blunt truth of it doesn't just force itself into peoples' minds. Instead it needs advocates who lead the public discussion with these kinds of statements. From what I know of his professional life, he'd accept that he's taken on this kind of advocacy role and is trying to change people's beliefs. A good example of this is his testimony before congress on continuing/expanding NASA funding. These remarks flip back and forth between science advocacy, and advocacy for NASA's role in shaping the national dialog, and inspiring the nation, i.e. that they "shake loose the shimmers of belief". "Audacious visions have the power to alter mindstates about what is possible" (same @3:33) is a comment about what people believe, not what is true. 

Also, paradoxically, you wouldn't be able to point our that non-mathematical real thing either. If you could successfully point it out to him in terms he would recognize as identifying an object, you would have to do so in a formal language (he would not accept anything else). By doing so, you provide a mathematical description for the thing (you used a formal language to do it), and he would be able to stand on his claim that it is merely an undecidable time-evolution, literally until the end of time. This is what I was taught the scientific method was in high school. If that is the version you are after, skip ahead to the second part, which explicitly targets that reading. However, can we make meaningful falsifiable statements in the form of "the scientific method is right" or "the scientific method is good?" In other words, are positions based around falsifiability, themselves, falsifiable? Could we one day do an experiment to show that the scientific method does not lead us towards truth? 

What makes Euclid's straight line interesting is that it is highly effective at making predictions about how our world works. Euclid claims the sum of the angles of a triangle add up to 180 degrees. In 2300 years, nobody has been able to make a triangle with a different sum of angles (without "cheating"), so we're pretty sure that Euclid's definition of straight lines is useful enough to warrant teaching children. 

Finally, science tests its theories. This sounds absurd, because it seems so obvious that you should test them. However, a theory is not accepted at all until it is tested. The result is that anyone with a theory must expend the resources to do the testing before science will do anything with it. Other approaches get away with a different style: you use a theory once you have it, and you test it when you get an opportunity to do so. The tests can also be dangerous. (Edit: I had a reference to the LHC and potential to create black holes here, but it was too contentious. Instead, it has been replaced with a hypothetical example) Consider a hypothetical particle physics experiment. The scientist is rather confident that their theory is correct. They begin experimenting, after calculating that they would like 100 samples to do statistics on. Generally speaking, they are finding their theory holds out for test after test. However, on tests which disagree with their hypothesis (which happens in the scientific method due to noise), the observer notices a burst of energy from the test apparatus. That burst becomes stronger and more dangerous with every data point that disagrees with their hypothesis. At some point, the scientist decides to cut the experiment short, because they are uncomfortable putting their life at risk to finish the test. By the strictest reading of the scientific method, that data cannot be analyzed because it is tainted with the scientist's choice to cut the tests off early. This might induce biases because the scientist is more likely to cut them off faster if the results look good for their theory. Other methodologies are capable of using this data (including the intuition of that scientist, who will not try the exact same experiment again).