EDIT: Another factor that would drive customers to demand whole animal food or unprocessed food would be fear of adulteration or substitution. A can of tinned meat might be horse instead of beef, but the entire cow standing there is pretty much a cow. Even so, you can certainly purchase whole dressed game hens, chickens, and near major holidays 25 pound turkeys, so the driving force is not really a repugnance for animal shaped food. The soldiers and officers of all Confederate Armies were exempted from treason trials by the terms of Lee's surrender to Grant. They were allowed to go home unmolested as long as they ceased to make war on the US. All other CSA forces soon surrendered on the same terms and also were exempt from treason trials. In the US, these days, the national inspection and labeling rules are such that few to none worry much about a package of meat in the store being some other product besides what is stated, and wholesome. To help a mortgage lender know what a reasonable loan to extend on a property would be (most banks will not lend more than 95% of the value of a property) To help governments figure out how much property tax would be do. For a government acquiring property, neither situation applies, so there is no need to assign an actual value. So, again, it really boils down to "How much can we get for as little give as possible." This link talks about the Titles of Nobility Amendment, the 27th Amendment, and ratification quorums. It's haggling, pure and simple. I doubt there was any analysis done at all, except "Can we afford this?" and "Does this seem like a good deal?" In order for a constitutional amendment to be sent to the states, a 2/3 vote of those present (subject to a quorum) must vote for the bill. This is not spelled out in the Constitution but rather in either the legislation speaking of the bill or if silent on the matter, the rules of each chamber. If a serious amendment were to be adversely affected by this, you can be sure there would be a rule clarification. At the time the Constitution WAS seen as the enshrinement of laws, getting an Amendment gave weight to your cause and Federal enforcement. I don't have official sources on this but there are arguments that prior to the use of the Commerce Clause to give Federal enforcement powers an Amendment was the way to get National enforcement. Although looking more at varous sources the most common rationale given for a national-law is the Temperance Movement already had many States enacting Prohibitive Laws, but this would make it Federal and not allow Liquor interests to interfere locally and influence local politicians. Pretty much correct Wladmir, this article shows the growth over time, but it was all due to the Permanent Apportionment Act of 1929: http://www.thirty-thousand.org/pages/Why_435.htm At some point it had to stop, although it seems as if Congress could change it again if they wanted to, so long as the apportionment stay as constitutionally derived.