Finally, we need to make sure that we're asking for the right motives. James 4:1-3 shows that if we're asking for things for our own earthly pleasure, then that's the wrong motive. Like Jesus, we should try to keep God's will in mind when we pray for something. So, why doesn't it always work to pray for something? Unfortunately, we don't really know. In order to evaluate the spiritual value of anything, we have to apply the "Regula Fidei", or "Rule of Faith". Applying Regula Fide for Commentaries Ultimately, when examining commentaries, we have to use the Regula Fidei to determine if a commentary is valid. For Sola Scriptura adherents, this means that we have to use the Bible to determine if a commentary is valid or not (which is often not easy). Fortunately, in Catholicism, there is a bit larger body of work to draw upon. What is being promised to us when the Bible speaks of joy? And how is joy different from happiness? I don't know about you, but I rarely come across any single item that's worth multiple millions of dollars. This idea is that Luke was writing to someone unknown to him, or just writing to a generic person so that the letter could be used for anyone and everyone. But, it sounds like we're not promised happiness: You must have more than one person agreeing on the need You must believe that it will be granted You must pray continually about it and make your prayers constant until it is granted You must ask with the right motives Then, you will be able to move mountains. Word definition summary Essentially, if two or more people agree to ask for any deed to be done or any question to be answered, God will do it. Wikipedia has much more info on the subject. Here seem to be the biblical criteria: Mark records the estimate of the oil at 300 denarii. A denarius is valued at 10 asses. A donkey, in modern currency, is worth around US$1000-$2500. This makes the oil worth 3,000 asses, which is, in today's money, $3,000,000 - $7,500,000. The bible talks all about joy. The four gospels record the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus. There are multiple events that are shared and reported among the four gospels. It's very clear that God will answer any prayer you have. However, if you don't have faith, your prayers won't be answered.