So I'd go a little further and propose that you put ellipses between comments where there are hidden comments, both to reinforce the position of the shown comments in the comment hierarchy, and so you can expand just a section or two of hidden comments, rather than the whole thing: Closing is not enough. By the time a reasonable, but off topic question is closed, it has accrued an answer or two, and the person who asked it gets what they wanted, even though they posted a question that isn't allowed on the site. 

It's practically half our job to know what questions to ask, and how to ask them to get the most concise, actionable answer possible, especially from reluctant users/managers/customers/etc. 

There are over 350 thousand users on stack overflow. While it's nice to be considered part of the top 1%, it's a big group at over 3,500 users, and its too dilute to be a useful measure. You only need about four thousand reputation to be part of this club right now. And while I don't mean to disrespect the hard work people put in to get to 4k rep, with users holding a quarter million rep I can't exactly say that 4k should be considered the top tier. We must aggressively protect our niche, and deleting is one of the very important tools for this. 

It is with heavy hearts that we are forced to take the following, regrettable, drastic action: 

Arriving with ſome haﬅe, dᵫ to the local æther artery being of the third era, my mechaniſm tranſlated the æther doſſier into a format which I was able to comprehend. 

Best Regards, The Committee of THE LEAGUE OF AWESOME Each hamster consumes about 400 calories a day, which is just under 1/2 watt/day, or 12 watt hours. Assuming a 50% fuel to energy conversion (pretty optimistic, but let's assume these are elite hamsters that prefer the hamster wheel to running about the cage) then we can get about 6 watt hours out of an active hamster, on average, each day. The motor in the hamster cage is, sadly, only about 80% efficient, and the DC/DC converter to the power buss bars is a nice efficient 90%, but then we have to upconvert the DC buss once more before powering the data center, and that sucker only runs at 80% efficiency. So we only end up with 3.5WH/day out of each hamster. Revealing my tranſportable computing mechaniſm I languidly key in the location of this æther repoſitory, and inﬆruct the machine to do my bidding. I dare you to teach a hamster to serve 41 pages a year, nevermind each day. 

The end game for Stack Exchange is that a site will exist for every reasonable question, so ultimately your request will come to pass simply due to the fact that we will have a place to migrate good, but off topic, questions. Please consider defining some function that removes the bottom outliers from the calculation. Just removing all the users with only one reputation nearly halves the total user base, though I think the bar should be higher, at least fifty or so reputation. This would mean at least five up votes on answers, or ten up votes on questions, and that the user has most of the basic site functionality. Currently there are just under 80,000 users with above 50 reputation, which means only the top 800 users would be considered part of the top 1%. This happens to be at right around eleven thousand reputation for now. 

Of course, most people are motivated by more than one thing, but generally you can look at the list and count on there being two things that bring you back for more, despite no other apparent incentive. Of course this doesn't count hamsters on disability, medical, vacation, or maternity leave, which may require another 50-70 thousand hamsters. Further, I'm generalizing on power requirements - with peak usage energy storage, sane power schemes, and other techniques they could be easily using half this required power on average. 

Of course I'd still suggest expanding all when adding a comment, and the shortcut to expand all would probably still be used more. 

* Jon Skeet here used as an example. In practice, Jon Skeet's comments are never hidden. I am worried that the moderators can now only be selected from those with 10.3k reputation. Each server consumes about 600 watts per hour, and there are about 18 servers, so we're running about 11KW, which is 264KW hours per day. I'm not saying anyone should be able to nominate themselves, but should we not consider the above further, and ask if this is the best way to determine the 30 people who will go into the primary election? 

It has come to the attention of the AWESOME committee that you have recently exceeded your awesome quotient. Normally this letter would simply serve as a warning and reminder as to your obligations in the LEAGUE OF AWESOME with regards to your display of AWESOME, however your recent display(s) of AWESOME have exceeded the limit beyond all normal care and due reason. I understand that we must limit our options using some method, as too many choices would make this process more difficult.