You can read much more detail in the record of the debates on the Marshall Plan in the US Congress in the Congressional Record of the 80th Congress (further volumes are also available on archive.org). This includes the observations and opinions of the senate members, which are particularly appropriate in the context of your question. Churchill appointed Field Marshal, Lord Wavell as Viceroy and Governor of India on 1 October 1943. In briefing the cabinet on Wavell's appointment, Churchill stated that Wavell's duty was to: Under the terms of the lend lease agreement, it was determined that any equipment supplied by the United States was to be either shipped back to the US or destroyed. The answers are contained in the Wikipedia paged linked in the question. The quote from US Secretary of State George Marshall's speech at Harvard University on June 5, 1947 explains: The failures seem to have been at all levels, but ultimately stemmed from the distribution of responsibility for planning and implementing an effective network. [text from Winston S. Churchill: Secret Session Speeches] The records of the disposal process are now held by the National Archives of Australia (NAA). A search of these records using the RecordSearch facility on the the NAA website shows that a number of Army vehicles, including trucks, were indeed sold to he general public, and that most, if not all, of those sales took place between 1945 and 1947. He stated that the goal was to be: EDIT: I've carried out some further searches today, and although I found found a number of other references to Robert Watson-Watt's report in secondary and tertiary sources, I wasn't able to find an online copy of the report itself. It is possible that it is still only available as hard-copy in official archives within the US. In his opinion, the higher commands simply: In terms of famine relief, Churchill initially urged Australia to provide assistance. In response, Australia promised to supply 350,000 tons of wheat. Furthermore, he noted that diverting a further million tons of grain at that time would not be practicable: The problem is that the evidence doesn't actually support that conclusion. On the contrary, it actually appears that Churchill did everything he could in the midst of a world war to save the Bengalis, and that without his actions the famine might have been worse. The evidence that I have seen in declassified Special Operations Executive (SOE) files at the UK National archives in Kew (especially HS 13), suggests that people increasingly wanted to be seen not to collaborate with the Nazis as the end of the war approached (at least provided the Germans didn't find out!). In fact, as it became obvious that Germany would lose, more people in France became actively involved with the Resistance - including some who had been suspected of being collaborators earlier in the war. (b) There would be advantage if ships carrying military or civil cargo from the United States or Australia to India could also take a quantity of bagged wheat. (The book is one in a series. They are available in pdf format and make for fascinating reading) “Wheat from Canada would take at least two months to reach India whereas it could be carried from Australia in 3 to 4 weeks.” Origins of the claim The claim that Churchill was responsible for the 1943 Bengal famine stems from the book Churchill's Secret War, By Madhusree Mukerjee.