The tag has been first used on a question dated 2009, and there are other questions using that tag dated 2010, 2011, and 2012. It is not a tag that has been recently introduced. What does highlighting mean on the profile's "Favorites" tab? What happens to the tag badges assigned to users, when the relative tag is deleted, or it is merged with another one? Do the users keep the badge even if the tag doesn't exist anymore? Re-using a question to ask a different question (which is what also happens when users change a question they asked instead of asking a follow-up question) is wrong because the answers are not thought to be useful just to who asked the question, but also to future readers. This means I cannot delete a question for which I got an answer, just for the fact I now know the answer; it also means I cannot re-use a question to ask a completely different question, for the same reason. As a matter of fact, if the question is only useful to who asked it, then it is a candidate for being closed as too localised. Once a full post-mortem of the event has been finished, it will be posted on http://stackstatus.net Once a question that has been put on hold has been edited, it is placed in a reopen queue, for peers to review and (if deemed good enough), reopen. We are aware of the speed issues and are currently investigating. The message is there to be read, understood, its links followed, read and understood as well. I mentioned to the Community Team that the help center documentation on this could probably use some love in regards to "next steps". So, in your first scenario, Alice will only see the comment by Charlie♦ (assuming he deleted within an hour of posting the comment and that the comment was for Alice). When an answer is deleted, only comment notifications to the OP left by the deleting moderator within that last hour will remain in the inbox. Hopefully this is something that will be easy/fast to fix/mitigate. If this was not you, I suggest you look around at who else has access to your computer who may have done this. You have pages and pages and pages of deleted posts, many of which have been downvoted. Those downvotes count against you. You also have a history of asking the exact same question several times an hour apart until you get an answer. This is blatant abuse of the system. I received some free stickers and a free t-shirt out of the deal. Oh, and Jeff occasionally returned my emails. The Stack Overflow related ones. He still ignored the random ones. :( Probably. There are a lot of tools and dashboards set up to make it pretty easy, like the 10K moderators get. There's a big orange (on SO) "mod-signal" that lights up at the top of the page when there are flags (so always), but it's only a few extra things to check when moderators visit the site. In your case it's the deleted answers that are causing the ban. (I don't know the algorithm, but there's nothing else I can see that would be causing it.) In particular, do not post questions in the answers section. Those will be deleted every time. Once you get 50 reputation you'll be able to leave comments, which is where follow-up questions and clarifying statements belong. Until then, improve your other answers and try to ask good questions that will get upvotes so that the answer ban will be lifted.