Besides the fixed-gear, there are a few other things that are unique to a cycleball bike: 

Up-turned handlebars allow the rider to pull back to raise the front wheel in the air. They also give the rider greater control and more power to kick the ball with the front wheel. 

However, I don't think it is true that, in the Olympics, bobsleigh helmets are always plain white. This is a photo of Shauna Rohbock and Michelle Rzepka at the start of the bobsled run at the Vancouver 2010 winter games. 

The reason behind the switch to the plastic ball is two-fold. Initially, the reason given was that celluloid is increasingly becoming difficult and expensive to obtain, due to dangers in production and increasing regulatory restrictions. However, ITTF president Adham Sharara revealed in an interview in February 2014 that another purpose was to slow down the game: 

Up until recently, all table tennis balls were made of celluloid. ITTF has mandated a change to a new ball, known as the plastic ball or poly ball. The deadline for the use of the plastic ball was July 1, 2014, and the Belarus Open was the first event to use the plastic ball. From this point on, all World Title and ITTF sanctioned events will use the plastic ball. According to the official Guidelines Regarding Authorised Identifications for the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympic Games, the manufacturer's identification on bobsleigh and skeleton helmets is limited to 15 square centimeters on each side of the helmet. 

As for why the team members wear the same helmets, I believe that in bobsleigh, the helmet is considered part of the uniform, and as a result, the helmets are uniform across the team. This is different than in Le Mans team racing, where apparently, the helmet is not a part of the uniform, and the drivers each wear their own helmet. This photo is the Gulf Racing Middle East team in 2012 before the 24 Hours of Le Mans race. You can see all of these in action on a video: 

The bikes used in cycleball are fixed-gear bikes. On most bikes, there is a flywheel that allows you to stop pedaling while you are moving and coast, but with a fixed-gear, the pedals are chained together with the rear wheel in such a way that the pedals always move whenever the rear wheel is moving. This is important in cycleball for a couple of reasons. First, unlike a conventional bike, it is possible to go backwards simply by pedaling backwards. Second, a fixed-gear allows the rider to hold the back wheel still by keeping the pedals still so he can balance the bike better while stopped, similar to what a unicyclist does.