For if we have been united with him in a death like his, we will certainly also be united with him in a resurrection like his. (Romans 6:5, NIV) 

Some adults might say that they have not done any serious crime but in God's standard all sins are big, for Jesus said, 

I heard from some preachers(not prominent) that assurance of going to Heaven is a self-consciousness. You yourself will have the evident, proof or confident that you are indeed going to heaven. If you are saved and are going to Heaven, you will know it. Some kind of consciousness will occur to you that Heaven is yours. Also, if you are not sure of your entry to Heaven, it means that you are not actually saved and are not going to Heaven at all. If you are saved you will know for sure that you are and if you have doubt about your afterlife, you are not saved at all. 

"Show your faith by your works" We need to show our faith by our action. We need to prove to others that we have faith, and that can be done only by works. For faith without work is dead, it is an incomplete faith and in fact, it is not faith at all. 

It may be possible to argue these points to a certain degree from a non-evangelical perspective, but for the vast majority of YEC's the answers are evidently (and respectively): 

This is how the bible puts it in Romans 5:6-8 ESV: 

Though we would not turn to God to solve our sin problem, God did not leave us to our devices without a remedy, but came in the person of His Son, to live amongst us - showing us what the Heavenly Father is like and also experiencing our humanity - including weakness, suffering and death. The suffering and death that Jesus endured were not a consequence of His own sin, as He was perfect in all His ways and always did the things that please the Heavenly Father, rather, they were entered into willingly as a substitionary offering to take on the suffering and death that all mankind deserves. 

• Proceed by admitting you are a sinner in need of a Savior. (Rom. 3:23,24.) 

For Evangelicals, "receiving Jesus" can be considered to be functionally equivalent to one or more of the following: 

The other important point is to seek out Christians and talk to them. That will give you a much better idea of what Christianity is like in reality, and whether it is real for those people. 

In the US the best-known of the liberal wing is John Shelby Spong. Spong appears to fall into a similar camp as David Jenkins. While appearing to deny the literal physicality of the resurrection, he nonetheless affirms - extremely vehemently - the reality of it. He would deny the Bible's infallibility, but would affirm that through it you can discover the truth of a God of Love and a resurrected Jesus. 

Thoughtful evangelicals will usually admit that Jesus does more than just rescue us from Hell. He restores our relationship with God and with each other; he saves us from the guilt which our sins have brought us; he heals us in body and mind, from broken-ness brought on not just by our own sin, but by others and by the world around us; he restores creation to the state God intended; he gives us "life in abundance". All of those things can be done not just in the future, but here and now, and all fall under the category of 'healing' or 'wholeness', and therefore also of 'salvation'. And he does them personally for each one of us.