Hamilton, although still friendly with Burr as of 1800, did not agree with this assessment. Hamilton remarked that Jefferson "at least had pretensions to character." Burr, on the other hand, "is sanguine enough to hope every thing--daring enough to attempt every thing--wicked enough to scruple nothing." Even though Hamilton knew "if there be a man in the world I ought to hate, it is Jefferson," he thought the country was safer in the hands of a competent and virtuous (if misguided) ideologue like Jefferson than in a reckless self-server like Burr. Accordingly, Hamilton launched a vigorous campaign for Jefferson (p. 284). When Babur invaded Bajaur in 1518, the defender was a Jahangirian Sultan. The turning point was 1896, when the Democrats nominated the populist William Jennings Bryan. No respectable businessman would support Bryan. McKinley's campaign manager Mark Hanna saw the opportunity: By 1832 I think the national party was calling itself the Democratic Party, as were most pro-Jackson state parties (at least in the North and Mid-Atlantic states), but I don’t know when and where this renaming occurred. I want to know who formally named the party and when for two reasons: Also, Johnson seemed like a good choice on paper. He was experienced: How would this be resolved? Most Federalists wanted to throw the election to Burr. Policy-wise, Burr could have been a Federalist as easily as a Republican. He was much more friendly to banks than Jefferson, for one. To Burr, politics was "fun and honor & profit" (Wood, p. 280). Burr was not averse to patronage, which a Revolutionary like Jefferson would label "corruption." He was no ideologue, but merely someone who saw politics as an activity befitting someone of his pedigree and talent (p. 280). Madison: Madison, as ever, is harder to pin down. During the election of 1828, he feared party and faction. But he was equally agitated by southern states’ indications that they might nullify the tariff and thereby destroy the Union. Try as he might to act as the elder statesmen and remain aloof from the campaign: What is known is that the vote on the 13th Amendment was so tight that neither side knew if it had enough support when it came up for consideration in January 1865. Democrats like Ganson, being the critical votes, would have been lobbied intensely by both sides up until the moment they cast their vote, so it isn't surprising that Ganson's voting record demonstrates some vacillation.