On the other hand it seems to me that non-Abrahamic Western traditions,in particular Neopagan and Wicca, are not taken seriously at all by established Western academic philosophers. 

The name for this position is radical skepticism: the idea that no knowledge will ever be certain. DesCartes tried to disprove it with his "I think therefore I am", Hume talks about it. It is one of the central problems of epistemology. 

There are many philosophers who argue against dualism, again I will state two. They don't argue so much for mind being another type of matter, instead they argue that dualists are wrong about their being fundamental differences between mind and matter in the first place. 

(This addresses the question in the title on the value of musicians in the market place -- as for the larger question of what value are musicians to society, mentioned later in the text, I don't have any references) 

Mathematicians are typically very careful in making sure that they are working with measurable sets (and more specifically Borel sets) when defining predicate calculuses or probability measures. 

Keep in mind that he was an astronomer and that given the level of scientific knowledge of the day (with the still relatively recent discovery of the heliocentric system, limited knowledge of conditions on other planets, limited knowledge on the nature of organic life and oxygen, etc...),that there was no a priori reason to expect that other planets weren't inhabited. And the belief was wide spread among philosophers of the period: Rousseau and Voltaire for example, also believed in extraterrestrials. 

Similarly, what makes me prefer maple walnut ice-cream over strawberry ice-cream is the "what its like" of the taste of maple walnut for me, i.e. the qualia of walnut. 

It seems 'normal' that philosophers of religion and divinities scholars in the West would focus mostly on the Abrahamic religions. Along with that, many philosophers have engaged with Eastern traditions such as Buddhist and Vedic philosophy. 

But then does Picasso get a royalty payment every time somebody saw one of his payments? No, he just gets a very large one time payment for his creative act and that's it. Screen writers usually get one time payments for their movie scripts, big hollywood names get one time payments for the movies that act in....Why should musicians be any different? 

Kant's things in themselves are more like Non-measurable sets, as opposed to the empty set. The existence of non-measurable sets can be proved, but they can never be "displayed". 

Yes he did. He has a whole section on the inhabitants of other planets in a book he published called Universal Natural History and Theory of Heaven (Allgemeine Naturgeschichte und Theorie des Himmels), published in 1755. 

Consider that throughout history the vast majority of musicians received on time payments for their performances. Their stature as accomplished or famous musicians simply meant that they could charge significantly more for a single performance, not that they would receive continuous royalties for them. 

Today, most studio session musicians (even those recording on albums for major pop artists), local musicians (those who play at weddings and social venues, etc...) receive one time payments for their performance. One time payments are the norm, not the exception. 

But since the enlightenment, science and reason have slowly eroded at myth, to the point where they have almost eliminated it from modern societies, and yet science and reason haven't been able to replace it. Adorno and Horkheimer best describe this in their "Dialectic of Enlightenment": 

For dualists, mind substance is supposed to be fundamentally different from matter in a number of ways. Two of them: 

Have there been any proposal for a modern substitute for mythology? 

The straight forward answer to your question is Ethics: that is the field of philosophy which directly studies ethical dilemmas such as the one you mention. There are also higher level ways of studying the questions you mention: 

Am I interpreting the two passages by Adorno and Horkheimer correctly: That any artistic or literary form (including philosophy) can get hijacked by the culture industry? Or do they mean something else by those passages? Has any one from the Frankfurt School, Critical Theory, or philosophy in general discussed the hijacking of philosophy by pop-culture? That even philosophy can lose its value and be commodified? 

I am searching for references and authors who are looking at the broader anthropological, sociological and psychological functions of myth, and trying to find a modern substitute (which maybe scientifically informed, maybe not)? 

Reading these passages and looking at authors like Ayn Rand, Sam Harris, Slavoj Zizek, Alain De Botton (and to some extent Dan Dennett), as well as the supposedly philosophical ambitions of some mainstream hollywood productions. And, worse seeing the profusion of books like "The Sipmspons and Philosophy" and "Batman and Philosophy", one can't help but ask, has the culture industry gotten to the point that it has absorbed even philosophy?