The rule that the general meaning of the words are used to derive a ruling, not the specific reason(s) for revelation is generally accepted by the majority of established scholars, with the known exception of al-Muzani and Abu Thawr, followers of the Shafi'i school of jurisprudence. There is a second opinion that says Qur'an 4:16 is potentially referring to homosexual relationships between men only. Among them are (not a comprehensive list) Abu Hisham al-Rifa'i, 'Abdullah ibn Abu Najeeh, 'Abdul-Malik ibn 'Abdul-'Aziz ibn Juraij, and Yahya ibn Ayuub al-Masri. So, yes, the Jews and Christians should uphold what they find in the Torah and Gospel that Allah revealed, which would lead them to follow the Qur'an, not substitute the Qur'an with the Torah and the Gospel they have today. All the major commonly-accepted tafsirs described hajr as abandon. The methodology of abandonment differed (abandon physical relationship, social relationship, or both), but no major tafsīr that I have come across endorsed the meaning of hajr as to bind, except for al-Tabari in Jami' al-Bayan, his tafsīr. This was mentioned in Jami' al-Bayan, Vol. 8, pp. 307. Disbelief here basically means rejecting what Allah is. Allah for example is Al-Ahad (The One); if you believe in an Allah who is one of many gods, then you're not truly believing in Allah. There is a related hadith of the prophet narrated through Abu Hurayrah: Simply believing that Allah exists isn't enough to be a believer. Even the polytheists during the time of the prophet believed that Allah existed, they just also believed that He was one of many gods. Christians believe that Allah exists, but they also believe that He has a son and is triune in nature. According to Tafsir Ibn Kathir, this verse was explicitly revealed in the context of the Battle of Uhud; in that sense it would be seen as a defensive battle as the Makkan army was at that time sent against the Muslims of Medina. And in the case of Iblis, he knows that Allah exists yes. Despite that, he refused to obey Allah's direct order: In his arrogance, he basically refuses to believe Allah has the authority to give such an order, or that he has to obey it. Even if the verse itself was explicitly revealed regarding Uhud, the general understanding can (and probably should) be extrapolated for not only any form of fighting, but for general unity of the Ummah itself. Whether it was an offensive or a defensive battle is irrelevant; fighting was commanded, and those who believed (or claimed to believe) that the Prophet spoke with the authority of God should've been committed to following through on that, but for whatever reason (be it weakness of faith, fear of worldly harm or outright malice) many weren't. The Jinn in this verse omitted the attribution of evil ("whether evil is intended"), but attributed the good ("their Lord intends for them a right course") to Allah. When it comes to the Islamic ruling, the murdered gets punished by death, regardless of gender, slavery, etc. This is what the seera tells us was practiced during the time of the Prophet ﷺ and his companions and is also declared through this hadith: There is a historical background that predates Islam for the 2:178 verse. The rule that the general meaning of the words are used to derive a ruling, not the specific reason(s) for revelation is generally accepted by the majority of established scholars, with the known exception of al-Muzani and Abu Thawr, followers of the Shafi'i school of jurisprudence. ... and his verse "as a mercy from your Lord. And I did it not of my own accord" is referring to the three incidents ... In Sahih al-Bukhari 6881, Book 87, Hadith 20, Ibn 'Abbās narrated that this verse was revealed to abrogate a ruling that existed from the time of the Torah. For Bani Israel, the punishment for murder was only al-qisas; for Muslims: the payment of blood money became permissible. You may read more about it in Tafsir al-Tabari, Jami'a al-Bayān. Below is a brief account from his tafsir.