49 And shall begin to smite his fellowservants, and to eat and drink with the drunken; 

Global warming is something that is squarely within the realm of science to support or disprove. We have facts, evidence, and trustworthy (if contradictory) data. It's a matter for scientific inquiry not Christianity. 

From a purely Biblical perspective, there is nothing in God's word that promises that we will not suffer. In fact, it teaches the opposite. 

The Scriptures give examples of people called to be Prophets, Evangelists, Pastors, and Preachers (Ephesians 4:11) and other ministries that directly serve God, or God's purpose. He has also ordained Kings. (Saul and David, for example). Even so the tongue is a little member, and boasteth great things. Behold, how great a matter a little fire kindleth! 

There's an entire sermon on the subject online here. The point of the example above is that driving the vehicle isn't the crime. The vehicle is the tool to commit the crime. Likewise, questions can be tools used to commit sins. 42 Watch therefore: for ye know not what hour your Lord doth come. 

5 Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me; I've always had a problem with both teachings. For a more lengthy discussion on the topic, I recommend Ray Comfort's book on the topic, freely available online in pdf format. 50 The lord of that servant shall come in a day when he looketh not for him, and in an hour that he is not aware of, 

14 And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come. It boils down to what your convictions are. Your convictions are yours alone. They may be influenced by your church, or your peers, or your family, but they are yours alone. 

First, there is the entire book of Romans, which is a build-up to, statement of, and then supporting evidence of, the doctrine. Some relevant verses: 

And the tongue is a fire, a world of iniquity: so is the tongue among our members, that it defileth the whole body, and setteth on fire the course of nature; and it is set on fire of Gehenna. Jesus' most clear statements on the end times are in Matthew 24. You can see for yourself what He said. 36 And he took the seven loaves and the fishes, and gave thanks, and brake them, and gave to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude. 

Using questions to mock God. (Your average refute-this atheist question that tries to show us that the whole idea of Christianity is stupid because God is a figment of our imagination, for example." I'm sure there are more that I could list and think of, but the principle is pretty basic: Questioning God isn't sinful in and of itself, but if your question is being used to deny, defy, or mock God, it is. 

37 Each day Jesus was teaching at the temple, and each evening he went out to spend the night on the hill called the Mount of Olives, 38and all the people came early in the morning to hear him at the temple. 

However, according to young-earth creationists (like myself), it can be derived, assuming that the word "Day" in Genesis means a literal day, and that the genealogies are accurate. The main point of the teaching is that instead of using promises of a better life to lure sinners to accepting Christ, we need to use God's law to show them their need for Christ, and drive them to the Savior.