Did the Philippines actually have the strategic military or political importance that MacArthur attached to them, and need to be recaptured even if the Japanese had garrisoned them with a million men? Or was it even the case that the Americans had underestimated the transfer of Japanese troops to the islands, so that they thought they were facing X soldiers, when in fact, there was "a multiple of X" on the Philippines? Did people at the time make the argument that the electoral college "math" stacked up in favor of Dewey, even though Truman might win the popular vote? My sense is that this was not the case, and Truman was expected to lose the popular vote also. Why might that be? Japan had a disadvantage in heavy equipment, especially artillery and ships artillery. Many Japanese soldiers were killed in heavy bombardments. After the early battles (e.g. Guadalcanal), Japan seldom bombarded or bombed American soldiers. Artillery fire is the deadliest in combat, more so than "small arms" fire because it is heavier; deadlier than say, bombs, because it's closer to the ground. Russia is not a true naval power. It has only a handful of ports: St. Petersburg, Vladlivostok, Archangelsk, and Sevastopol (and all but the last are icebound for several months of the year). Its naval needs are primarily defensive, meaning that it can use land-based aircraft, rather than aircraft carriers for this purpose. Of course it needs a surface fleet and submarines to defend these approaches. No less a historical figure than Winston Churchill (in "A History of the English Speaking Peoples") opined that the final outcome would like have been the same (a Northern victory) with less bloodshed if McClellan had been left in charge. The reason is that Ulysses S. Grant was winning in the west, capturing 'Tennessee in 1862, and Mississippi in 1863, thereby cutting off these states plus Texas, Louisiana and Arkansas from the main Confederacy, pursuant to General Winfield Scott's Anacaonda Plan. In 1864, Grant and Sherman could have traversed Georgia, cutting off another slice (Georgia, Alabama, Florida) of the Confederacy. Eventually, the South would lack the "critical mass" to survival. The Wikipedia article on Bainbridge says this, (with a source listed as The Pirate Coast, Richard Zachs): and this entry from Yale Law School discusses the military significance of Hiroshima: From History of Alaska by Bancroft: (emphasis mine) This was dated May 12 1945. Hiroshima was one of two AA rated targets, the other being Kyoto(a city of 1,000,000 at the time). Hiroshima was selected for its military value. From the wiki (and I know there are many different casualty estimates): Concerning the second part of your question, From a web page concerning western history:Traders, Trappers, and Mountain Men From the testimonies we can gather some information concerning the time involved (all emphasis mine): upgrading, demotion, or transfer Another source The Encyclopedia of the Wars of the Early American Republic, 1783–1812: A ... edited by Spencer C. Tucker (pg 1005) states this: where the 'powder' listing is grains of black powder. There is no doubt that there were military objectives at Hiroshima. I don't think there were any illusions that there would be no civilian casualties. But it appears from the documents, that they were in no way expecting to completely destroy an entire city (possibly 'extensive' damage), and that they were all surprised by the results (since they kept comparing results to the earlier test detonation, which was minor in comparison). In the US, these days, the national inspection and labeling rules are such that few to none worry much about a package of meat in the store being some other product besides what is stated, and wholesome. Since most Americans no longer raise their own animals, or have to preserve meat for long periods because fresh meat is readily available, they no longer need to buy meat in such large quantities that an entire animal is required, so it is cut up for convenience. The soldiers and officers of all Confederate Armies were exempted from treason trials by the terms of Lee's surrender to Grant. They were allowed to go home unmolested as long as they ceased to make war on the US. All other CSA forces soon surrendered on the same terms and also were exempt from treason trials. Government officials were not exempt, and could have been tried for treason or other crimes. The official in charge of Andersonville Prison camp was executed for his actions there, as War Crimes. Jefferson Davis was imprisoned for about 2 years, but was let go on bail even before Johnson's pardon. Davis wanted a trial, but the US government decided it wasn't worth the fuss. The original story, written and published in 1837, was from Bonneville's notes and maps concerning his Expedition of 1832. letter from Stimson to Truman, also 6 Aug From the article cited in the answer by JMS, Homestead in Context: and this entry from Yale Law School discusses the military significance of Hiroshima: This is calling for direct action to correct the situation, affirmative in that a positive change in the employment ratios was ordered to take place. Look at the list of actions in the rest of the paragraph: Another source The Encyclopedia of the Wars of the Early American Republic, 1783–1812: A ... edited by Spencer C. Tucker (pg 1005) states this: From History of Alaska by Bancroft: If we look at the entire passage you indicate: On a guess at what you don't have, here's some excerpts: The context, the time of 1862, is what caused the inclusion of the military training clause to gain support and overcome earlier rejections: (emphasis mine) This was dated May 12 1945. Hiroshima was one of two AA rated targets, the other being Kyoto(a city of 1,000,000 at the time). Hiroshima was selected for its military value. From the wiki (and I know there are many different casualty estimates):