Deleting people from rolls would be unwise, since it is easier to detect when the people affected go to vote and detect they are not allowed. 

2Unless someone planned to show at the poll station with a "Mickey Mouse" ID. 

A different tactic would be adding to the rolls people who are not allowed to vote, or even unexistent people (so people with fake IDs would vote twice or more). Detecting these is more of a problem, since it does not involve innocent people. Still, it is a significant risk due to: 

I think the question is meaningless because there is no standard of how "wide" or "narrow" the base of a political party must be, a practical guide to tell us (in the ideological dimension) what a "political party" is and what a "coalition" is. Consider: 

And of course, it sets a very dangerous precedent... from then on, any losing candidate may use the "fraud" card ("it is not my fault because I was a bad candidate, it is the 'black hand'") and the situation may repeat itself again and again. 

A coalition of political parties is a group of people with a set of shared goals that present a list of candidates and a electoral program to try to win a set of given elected positions. They present those to the public, in the hope that the public approves and them and gives them their votes. 

Néstor Kirchner was Presidente of Argentina from 2003 to 2007, and his wife, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner served as President from 2007 to 2015. 

Imagine what some idiots tried to pull out on the basis of the "birthers" claims or the "sovereign citizens" ideas and increase that by several orders of magnitude. The most extreme2 outcome is that argument permeating into the military and being the base for a coup d'état. 

So in your example, the head of state could go with the leader of the party that got the most votes (even if the number of seats ended up being equal) or with the leader of the party that has the best chance to find a coalition or possibly wait a bit to see who comes out on top. Or he or she could start with the largest party and get more creative if that fails. 

Thus, in a slightly different context, the French Front National made a point of fielding candidates in each and every district. That's a way for them to increase their showing in the parliamentary elections and to show they are not some fringe group hoping to stage a protest or become the junior partner in a governing coalition but a real contender to lead the country. 

The “balance mandate” is just a kludge to mitigate some paradoxes in the way votes are counted and save this rather complicated system from a recent court case but none of this fundamentally changes the dynamics of the political system in Germany. 

The two requirements allow for the President to be sworn in before hand. There is no specific time mandated for the inauguration to occur, and nothing preventing it from happening more than once. 

Not seeing any great data source out there I already, I reviewed the constitutions of 48 countries. I looked for the requirements to hold their chief executive position. These countries were selected in a non-random and non-projectible way. 

Article 2 (Section 1) of the Constitution describes the oath/affirmation requirement: 

3 countries do not appear to require citizenship For 4 of the 48 countries, their constitution makes it possible to have a non-citizen be the chief executive. These are discussed below. 

Below is a map summarizing my findings, as well as showing the countries that I have reviewed to date: 

You are proposing a combination of two different dimensions. Each dimension has its own terminology. 

40 of 48 countries require citizenship For 40 of the 48 countries I reviewed, I could see a constitutional requirement that included citizenship. 22 of these 48 required natural-born citizenship, although the exact formulation of "natural-born" varied.