I have no issue with traditional manuscript handwriting, but it is cumbersome and somewhat time-consuming. I'd like to work with Andrew on cursive handwriting over the summer. Once he gets it, I think he will be able to write more quickly and more fluidly--right now he gets a little frustrated with traditional manuscript because he can't express his ideas on paper as quickly as they come to his head. 

My oldest is in kindergarten this year, and in our public schools here in the US stick-and-ball (ie. traditional manuscript) is the primary form of handwriting that is initially taught. More and more, cursive handwriting is being dropped from the curricula altogether. 

Edit: I would like to clarify: There is no issue with the school or his teacher. Most of his handwriting practice is here at home. His teacher does not currently "grade" his papers for neatness when it comes to handwriting mechanics. She is more concerned with whether or not his handwriting is legible. I don't care how he forms his letters as long as an "e" looks like an "e", an "x" looks like an "x" and so on. Even as a righty, I don't hold my pencil correctly or form my letters in a textbook fashion. I don't expect him to, either. The only time I make him re-form a letter is if it is extremely messy or if he has written the wrong letter (a b instead of a d, for example), and he is now getting to the point where he self-edits his own handwriting pretty well. The decision to teach him cursive is 100% my own and I really don't care if the school likes it or not. Manuscript handwriting is simply more time-consuming from a logical standpoint--you pick your pencil up after every letter and sometimes more than that. Almost all cursive letters are one continuous motion and even if you only connect two letters together at a time, you're cutting down on the amount of time it takes to write a word. I think, for him, this would help him feel more productive and enable him to complete his schoolwork in a more timely manner. Additionally, if I don't teach him cursive he most definitely will not learn it at school because it is no longer being taught. This is not a school issue. This is 100% me seeking advice on how best to teach my son cursive so that he can be successful at it. It has nothing to do with learning modalities or preferences, his own innate skills, or whether I should encourage his ambidextrous nature (which I do). I am specifically looking for resources (websites, handwriting curricula, etc.) that deal with the pitfalls people teaching lefties to write left-handed encounter. 

An example of a real life situation: "Son, I know you want a snack right now, but dinner is only 30 minutes away. I need you to have a healthy meal and not be too full of snacks for dinner time. Can you think of a solution that meets both our wishes/needs? 

For reasons of content it is also important to know the child who is doing the reading and that child's available background knowledge when offering a book for reading that is of a higher number than the child's reading level. Books with higher scores than that of the child, should be pushing reading ability but not content knowledge. I frequently give my child books above her reading level, but only ones in genres she is already familiar and about subject matter with which she is also already familiar. Otherwise the exercise of reading the book becomes a matter of frustration for her rather than a fun read. Scholastic's "interest levels" can be helpful in determining this aspect of books, but not all publishers offer such a number and it is not as scientifically measured (or measurable) so I feel reading the summary and giving a book that you have questions about a good skim-through is the best way to help use the Reading Level score you have most effectively when in question about a book. 

You might even read the Piggle Wiggle books together. Actually, I found a hulu clip that shows the ["Never go to Bedders Cure"][2] on a television show that depicts Mrs. Piggle Wiggle. (I had no idea they'd put this classic on film!!). It doesn't follow the book to a tee, but you'll get the idea anyway. The actual "Never Want to Go to Bedder's Cure is in the first book, "Mrs. Piggle Wiggle. 

While there is not a good system for rating the "content" of a book for children, there is a "rating system" for reading level or difficulty of books written for children and young adults. This system at least helps to determine what a child is likely to be capable of understanding even if it can't guide a parent in knowing fully whether any particular book is just right for that parent's own child in terms of potential interest as well as maturity of the content. Many books are registered with an "RL" on them that can be found near the bar-code or on the copyright page. If not there, you can often look it up online through the publisher. 

Yes, this is normal and yes, in large part it will take care of itself (but you might even revisit it again when he is between ten and 13 during the pre-adolescent stage too. 

Our kids started with Duplos and early Playmobil (the figures of which - earlier Playmobil, that is - our pediatric neurologist friend called "little trachea people" because of the choking hazard they represented.) While they liked Playmobil, they didn't much care for Duplos and quickly took to Legos well below the recommended age limit. So, that meant they had to be supervised initially when playing with these toys (which to me was quite entertaining and informative. I loved the conversations my kids had while playing with Legos as I sat quietly in the background.) 

1. Own the offensive behavior (it didn't just happen; he doesn't get to say, "I don't know why I did it..."), which means he has to think it out honestly. You can help him do this.1 

The age range on the boxed toy is not based on intelligence or aptitude. It is put there to comply with recommendations, most importantly whether the toy is safe for the child to use. 

The lists are long. They are a starting point for serious discussion in place of "my opinion"/"your opinion" type arguments. 

What are your priorities in life? Actions always speak louder than words. You should decide this before you move. 

2 A feeling wheel can help here. It's not too advanced. There are a lot of resources online for teaching (and modelling) an emotional vocabulary. 

With respect to Legos, the Commission states: 

Most people believe a sincere apology is enough. I believe firmly in restitution accompanying an apology whenever possible. Since nothing concrete was broken here, restitution is trickier.