How important was the Second Battle of Fort Bowyer? The Mobile area was the only territory that changed ownership due to the War of 1812. Because it was Spanish-owned, Mobile was not covered in the Treaty of Ghent. It's possible that if the British force had been able to take Mobile before news from Ghent arrived, then the Americans would not have acquired Mobile until later in their history. Mobile would became the second largest cotton-exporting port in the United States, so a long-term consequence of the acquisition of Mobile was the intensification of slave agriculture in the deep South. There are also those who consider some wars to be domestic diversions. However, even if domestic concerns were something of a factor in the decision to go to war, it would be hard to believe that power considerations were irrelevant to the decision as well. The Paris Gun, which was used in combat in 1918, only had a range of 130 km, but even then it couldn't hit a target smaller than a city, and (according to the same site): By the time a statement of neutrality had been issued, several thousand soldiers had died. This war had no real effect on the balance of power between the two combatants; the war was really just about Denmark-Norway honoring the terms of its treaty with Russia. This was also the case with the Germanic Cherusci tribe, which was for some time considered an ally of Rome. The Cheruscan chieftain Arminius was raised in Rome, though it seems difficult to tell from the record exactly what his status was (hostage? ward?). In any case, Arminius was introduced to Roman culture and military practices. He received citizenship and command of auxiliary forces that fought for Rome. He seemed Romanized enough that he was trusted by the general Publius Quinctilius Varus on an expedition into Germania. This was a mistake, albeit a very quotable mistake. Five Endings for the War at Sea: The Treaty of Ghent specified five specific dates after which prizes taken at sea would be invalidated. Ships further from the North American Coast could keep prizes up to 120 days after ratification. For details for the five ending dates for the various naval theaters, see "Article the Second": Treaties sometimes obligate nations to go to war. One example is the Theater War between Denmark-Norway and Sweden in 1788. Sweden made an unprovoked attack on Russia. Russia began to demand that Denmark-Norway to invade Sweden, as was stipulated in a 1773 treaty.