Because that is precisely what separates consonants from vowels: consonants are sounds produced with a partial closure of the vocal tract. Depending on what type of closure the speaker does (in combination with other factors), a different consonant will be pronounced. And, as you have already seen, consonants can be analyzed according to several features: place of articulation, manner of articulation, aspiration etc. Vowels, on the other hand, are pronounced with an open vocal tract. Therefore, by definition, it is not possible to apply those features to classify vowels. Other features, such as roundedness, must be used in this case. So, for example, it wouldn't make sense to speak of place of articulation for vowels. Even those who have never heard other people speak that way will make this choice. So, my question is: can this sound change be predicted from Brazilian Portuguese phonology? What else could explain its regularity? In general, if a phonologist is presented with two languages, A and B, can they predict what sound changes are most likely to occur if the native speakers of A start speaking B as a second language? Whenever I observe my fellow Brazilian countrymen learning to speak English, a clear sound change pattern stands out: Would it be possible to combine these methods to "look forward", so to speak? For example, comparing several dialects of a language with how they were fifty years ago and then extrapolate this data to predict how these dialects will change in the near future? Of course, some degree of uncertainty would have to be allowed. Concerning external evidence, a type of evidence frequently reported in favor of segmentalism is evidence from speech errors, Idsardi (2010), for example,suggests in his review of Silverman's book, refers to a study on speech errors by Wan & Jaeger (1998). On the other hand, speech errors are cited by Articulatory Phonologists as evidence in favor of the gestural organization of speech. A 1992 paper by John Ohala argues for segments on the basis of a thought experiment. Silverman (2006: 215) "For our purposes though, the phoneme is not an entity on any level—functional, phonetic, psychological, or even metaphorical. Rather, at best, phoneme is merely a terminological expedient that might capture the functional non-distinctness of any collection of phonetic properties that allomorphically alternates. And yet, despite its expedience, I choose to avoid the term altogether, because terminological expedients have a demonstrated tendency to become reified by their users." Sapir's position is challenged by Twaddell (1935: sec.2), who is suspicious of the whole enterprise of inferring mental entities. A fine quotation from that work is given here: Ladefoged (ms.) "Perhaps the most startling conspiracy — one that seems to have deceived by far the majority of linguists — is the appearance of phonemes. Accounts of human behavior in terms of phonemes are nearly always examples of what has been called the psychologist's fallacy — the notion that because an act can be described in a given way that it is necessarily structured in that way. As will be shown later, phoneme size units play only a minor role in human behavioral acts such as normal speaking and listening. They are, nevertheless, great imaginary objects for use in describing linguistic aspects of speech." Would it be possible to combine these methods to "look forward", so to speak? For example, comparing several dialects of a language with how they were fifty years ago and then extrapolate this data to predict how these dialects will change in the near future? Of course, some degree of uncertainty would have to be allowed. Since Brazilian Portuguese does not have dental fricatives, this kind of sound change is much to be expected. What is interesting about it is the regularity of the pattern. Among other "likely" candidates, such as [s] or [t], which are also sounds found in BP, [f] is — almost always — chosen to replace [θ]. Similarly with [ð], that could as well be replaced with [z] or [v]. Even those who have never heard other people speak that way will make this choice. So, my question is: can this sound change be predicted from Brazilian Portuguese phonology? What else could explain its regularity? In general, if a phonologist is presented with two languages, A and B, can they predict what sound changes are most likely to occur if the native speakers of A start speaking B as a second language? The comparative method is used to reconstruct unattested languages from the attested ones. By comparing different sounds for the same words in various sister languages, it is possible to infer some phonological rules. The internal reconstruction method, on the other hand, compares variant forms within a single language to discover how they evolved from a past regular form. Gussenhoven & Jacobs (1998: 55) "The term phoneme is used to refer to the segment category that the various allophones are variants of." A very nice historical introduction to phonology prior to the 1970's is Fischer-Jørgensen (1975). A similar criticism, this time by a British phonetician, is found in Butlin (1937), who maintains (reflecting the then popular instrumentalist philosophy of science) that the phoneme is a "convenient fiction." Abercrombie (1991: 27ff.) [whose ideas were developed much earlier than the citation date suggests] cites Butlin's paper, disputing the status of segment-sized atomic units in language. To give an example, in the dialect of Vietnamese spoken around Cần Thơ, open syllables whose vowel is represented by an orthographic i or y are pronounced approximately with a vowel sounding like [ɨi], so mì 'wheat noodles' is pronounced approximately [mɨi]. Orthographic o, on the other hand, is pronounced more or less like [ɑ], so mỏ 'snout' is pronounced [mɑ]. It is difficult to argue that [ɨi] is really a combination of [ɨ] and [i], because there are no open-syllable words having nuclear vowel [ɨ], and none having [i]; there is also no difference in vowel length between mì and mỏ. Anyways, let's try not to quibble over the this specific example more than necessary... Eventual attacks on the phoneme from the side of generative linguists are anticipated by Martinet (1949), who argues that while most phonological concepts should be regarded as fictions, it is necessary to select at least one having status in reality, so that the theory could be grounded in facts describable in the languages of other branches of science. The concept he selects as "...la seule unité pour laquelle nous postulions une existence réele..." (1949: 46) [the only unit for which we postulate actual existence] is the feature rather than the phoneme. Martinet, however, appears to favor a non-mentalist conception of the feature.