The real question, then, is this: Why now? (edited) 

After all this, the final submissions are not enforceable, and carry no consequences beyond “shame” for noncompliance — a fact bizarrely taken for granted by all involved. 

Beyond that, it’s nearly impossible even to evaluate or compare them. Developing countries actually blocked a requirement that the plans use a common format and metrics, so an INDC need not even mention emissions levels. Or a country can propose to reduce emissions off a self-defined “business-as-usual” trajectory, essentially deciding how much it wants to emit and then declaring it an “improvement” from the alternative. To prevent such submissions from being challenged, a group of developing countries led by China and India has rejected “any obligatory review mechanism for increasing individual efforts of developing countries.” And lest pressure nevertheless build on the intransigent, no developing country except Mexico submitted an INDC by the initial deadline of March 31 — and most either submitted no plan or submitted one only as the final September 30 cut-off approached. 

As to the idea that the Russian probe was the reason, it doesn't fit very well. This firing had the opposite effect, with Democrats (and even some Republicans) calling for a special prosecutor. He's also angered some people at the FBI 

It's also worth noting that the Access Hollywood "grab them" statement was not an admission of guilt by Trump on a specific allegation. He was talking in a disambiguous way that he could do that if he so desired. 

Obama, knowing full well that the Senate would never ratify it as a treaty, never presented it as such. It was an easy way to get a political victory, at the cost of having actual, binding legislation. He assumed that Executive action alone (i.e. The EPA Clean Power Plan) would be able to get him there, and political pressure would keep it in place. 

The original narrative was that Rosenstein was the main driving force behind Comey's firing. Details released today make it clear it was Trump's idea, which means there's no clear answer at all as to why he picked now to do it. 

There's nothing illegal by itself about coordinating with a foreign entity. You can coordinate with anyone you want. Now, if you can prove Trump knew/directed that 

Understand that these allegations are potentially more damaging to Moore. Moore has a decent political following in Alabama, following his two "religious" actions that got him removed from the Chief Justice position 

Remember that the Paris Accords was a non-binding agreement with the US agreeing to do a lot, with other countries doing little, if nothing. That was the chief criticism of it 

Comey damaged the FBI's reputation and credibility Comey usurped the DOJ's prosecutorial discretion in stating that Hillary Clinton should not be prosecuted Comey held a press conference to announce the findings of the investigation, something the FBI generally does not do It's important to note that, prior to yesterday's announcement, Comey was almost universally reviled by Democrats because the political wisdom was that Comey cost Clinton the election (see also Rosenstein's point #2)