http://www.nbcnews.com/id/7681252/ns/health-cloning_and_stem_cells/t/scientists-create-animals-are-part-human/ 

My question is: what is Islam's position on the consumption of the meat of such farm animals, like GMO cattle and sheep? 

There is yet another incident of a notable companion, Uthman bin Maz'oon (RAA), whose wife complained to the Messenger of Allah (Sallallahu alayhi wa Sallam) of his excessive worship (and thus his abstinence of physical relations with her). The hadith says that the Messenger of Allah (Sallallahu alayhi wa Sallam) was visibly upset and chastised him, saying that "Allah has not deputed me to encourage any monastic life." [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monasticism#Islam] 

Thus we have direct evidence from the Qur'an that it is incumbent upon all believers to obey the Messenger of Allah (Sallallahu alayhi wa Salaam). 

The human psyche (as created by Allah) has the ability to store practically all the information received from the five senses without any conscious effort on the part of the person. These are stored as "impressions" so to speak within the neural storage mechanism and if the person does not make a conscious effort to recall these scenarios, they tend to remain dormant in memory unless stimulated using either psychological or physiological means. I recall having read a case several years back where a certain part of the brain was stimulated using minute electrical impulses and the patient recalled a particularly obscure incident from when he was a kid. 

But it is at least makrooh as the Prophet never entered any building where there were images. 

This Hadith clearly explains that you should fast as it will control your sexual desire. 

They quoted the following as evidence: 

The Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) said: 

Other than that, don't look at haram things. Try and not even think about sex and related subjects. Ask Allah to help you deal with sexual desires. 

However, the above does not make it clear as to whether it is haram or halal. 

It was narrated that Aslam the freed slave of ‘Umar said: When ‘Umar went to Syria, one of the leaders of the Christians made food for him and called him. ‘Umar said: We will not enter your churches because of the images that are in them – meaning the statues. Narrated by ‘Abd al-Razzaaq in al-Musannaf (1/411 and 10/398). 

This is addressed to young men, but it also includes young women. 

Nowadays, there are a lot of churches which have images. It is makrooh to use them or even enter them as stated above. 

It was narrated that Ibn ‘Umar (may Allaah be pleased with him) said: Jibreel promised to come to the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) but he was late and the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) grew concerned. The Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) went out and saw him, and he told him of his concern and he said to him: “We [angels] do not enter a house in which there is an image or a dog.” Narrated by al-Bukhaari (5960). 

There shall be no coercion/compulsion in matters of faith. 

When one is organising a Islamic celebration, one should do it at a mosque or building that is made for the purpose of that and not a church. 

All in all, hypnosis is a psychological means among so many means available to us. So I don't think it's haraam. Of course, this is just my understanding of the matter and I am not a scholar. 

My question is: what is Islam's position on the consumption of the meat of such farm animals, like GMO cattle and sheep? 

The human psyche (as created by Allah) has the ability to store practically all the information received from the five senses without any conscious effort on the part of the person. These are stored as "impressions" so to speak within the neural storage mechanism and if the person does not make a conscious effort to recall these scenarios, they tend to remain dormant in memory unless stimulated using either psychological or physiological means. I recall having read a case several years back where a certain part of the brain was stimulated using minute electrical impulses and the patient recalled a particularly obscure incident from when he was a kid.