Therefore one part of the framework is that ‘faith in Christ’ as a means to obtain peace from a fear of eternal damnation can’t be fully destroyed in one who has come to have it. Although this is only a guide it is very helpful because a person who thinks they had become a Christian but then falls into various sins and begins to deny that they had salvation and no longer has any relief of salvation and no longer feels any need for relief because they no longer fear eternal damnation for the guilt of their sin, which faith is to relive, has obviously never been saved in the first place. 

Cleary both of these aspects are implied by the scriptural view as the idea started with the Passover lamb and as well as the burned 'red heifer'. Both the concept of propitiation and expiation are clearly established under the Old Testament foreshadowing types. First, God’s ‘wrath’ in killing the first-born of Egypt was avoided by the Passover Lamb. The Jews were not cleansed by putting blood on the doorposts but were avoiding a deadly destruction of anger. Second, on the other hand, the burning of the 'red heifer' and collection of ashes oustide the camp clealry implies the actual ceremonial cleansing of the sacrfificial type. The ashes of the burnt animal were directly used for ceremonial washing buy mixing some ashes with water and sprinkling the unclean. (Ref Leviticus 19, Hebrews 19:13-14)) 

Regarding the term ‘Historia Salutis’ I had to look it up and I it does not seem to be logically expressed in opposition to ‘Ordo salutis’. For a seemingly reputable definition of these terms, this seems a god source. [http://www.reformedbaptistinstitute.org/?p=340] however I fail to see the value of using them and to much precision confuses people. 

The only real answer is not a philosophical one, but a theological one. God is wise and strong, we are dumb and weak. The apparent foolishness of the gospel is stronger then all our wisdom. Our conscience knows this, that is why we are bothered, so it is best in the interest of ourselves to cling to Christ and deny human goodness as a means of eternal well being. 

I know this is all complicated but I hope I have brought some light to your very good question. The two views all hinge on the difference of justification in a 'moment' versus a long period of obedience. 

I can only answer from the Western bias as I fail to comprehend the Eastern thought even when it is explained. Western thought properly includes propitiation and expiation it does not toss one out for the other or put them at competing sides. It does not exclude either. However the Eastern thought seems to be uncomfortable with the propitiation involved in the cross and does not seem to me to believe that God’s wrath was poured out on the Son. 

I think the question is highly important and misleading at the same time. Luther and Calvin's and indeed the Protestant Reformation's main point is that sanctification can't in any sense removed the 'curse of God's moral law', you need 'justification' for that otherwise salvation is by works. Therefore a kind of order is set in the logical sequence regardless of what wording is used. 

Of course Luther and Calvin understood that glorification intended the final salvation of the soul and body in heaven and that salvation of the soul was gradual on earth while still living I the body. The main point is that Luther and Calvin both put predestination first, then justification by faith, then sanctification and glorification. You find people arguing about this but as a person who does not spend much time reading what others think about great theologians but rather prefer to just read them directly myself, I would simply counter argue their claims.