Typing hands in Omaha is the basic nuts and bolts of figuring out the ranking of an Omaha hand on the fly. We know the ranking of Holdem hands through card sense or memorizing of ranking tables, but in Omaha you need to understand what makes a hand rank, because it is not simply about the value of the cards, it is also the value of the how the cards relate to each other, and how they relate to your opponents hand. In Omaha saying your cards must work with each other is a severe understatement and saying your hands should consist of high ranking cards is also a severe understatement. If you consider this benchmark relative to the holdem benchmark, in a practical sense it presents some problems. Hand rankings and ranges are especially problematic. It is not practical to memorize the hands in rankings or to memorize the hands in ranges. It also makes counting outs simply impractical as a consideration and outs are not really all that valid like in holdem, post flop in Omaha. Intuitively they should perceive its EV+, even if the don't understand why. Then you can tell them even though most of the times they do win, it can happen that they lose some money, even if normally they'll be winning. And additional advantage is you can compare what they expect to happen with what actually happens and explain concepts like deviation and probability. For example, in a 10 throw game the expected value is 3.33$ (mathematically)... But the actual result may be 2$... Then you can explain deviation and show how that "uncertainty" goes down as the number of throws go up. If you have a simple 6 side dice you can arrange a simple demonstration. The theory, summarazing, is that the probability of an event doesn't get affected by unknown factors (let me clarify this, it doesn't get affected as long as you include those unknown factors into the total number of possible events). That way, if you have a flush draw in the flop you have 9 outs (to simplify we'll assume it's a nut flash draw as if you're in a 5 way flop and you're counting you're 2-5 as a winner you need to revise your strategy), there're 9 cards that will help you but to calculate the odds of you winning you multiply that by four and you get the magic number of 36%. But how did you came up with that number?? When I tell my non-poker playing friends that I play poker they think I'm gambling - until I give them the following explaination. When you go to the casino, do you think the casino is gambling? Certainly the casino customers/players are considered gambling. But no one will think the house is gambling. "Of course not, they have the odds in thier favor!" Bingo, step one complete. They know that the house has an edge and even though they loose a big hunk of cash every now and then (which is good for business, btw) they will eventually, over time, ALWAYS WIN. Once I get there, I explain that this same formula that poker player uses. And therefore, IMHO, is not gambling, but a game of skill. Gambling to me is constantly being on the short side of the odds and hoping to get lucky. I have been successful with this explaination of EV, and poker strategy in general, to non-poker players.