Luke 24:30 (King James Version) 39 And knew not until the flood came, and took them all away; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be. 48 But and if that evil servant shall say in his heart, My lord delayeth his coming; Driving a car is not illegal. Hitting an unexpected patch of ice, and sliding into another vehicle, killing passengers in either car is unfortunate, but not illegal. (Unless you are drinking, or the accident was caused by breaking other laws like speeding, negligence, cell-phone use while driving, etc.) However, using a car to intentionally kill someone is. 27 Where is boasting then? It is excluded. By what law? of works? Nay: but by the law of faith. 28 Therefore we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law. The purpose of the moment of silence is to allow those who are Christian to pray to our God, while allowing others to pray to theirs, without annoying people with opposing religious (or anti-religious) viewpoints. In short, it's a politically correct way of allowing prayer in public places, while trying to maintain a "separation of Church and State". He uses an illustration of a man on an airplane, who is given a parachute and is told that it would improve his flight, to illustrate how foolish this is. Being born of water refers to natural birth, which everyone goes through and being born of the spirit refers to the gift of the Holy Spirit imparted at the time of salvation. A preference is simply something we prefer. (short hair on men, wearing a tie to Church) 37 But as the days of Noah were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be. The teaching has had influence in a number of well-known Christian movies, such as the Left Behind movies, Fireproof, and Courageous. In each of these movies, at least one character is seen using the same basic "have you ever told a lie" use of the law to speak to an unsaved person. Can the fig tree, my brethren, bear olives? Or a vine, figs? so can no fountain both yield salt water and fresh. http://www.biblefacts.org/bible/salfaith.html Also, from Luke 21: (This time NIV) 8 He replied: “Watch out that you are not deceived. For many will come in my name, claiming, ‘I am he,’ and, ‘The time is near.’ Do not follow them. 9 When you hear of wars and uprisings, do not be frightened. These things must happen first, but the end will not come right away.” 18 Neither let him which is in the field return back to take his clothes. Whenever the act of baptism is described in the New Testament (which is rarely), the one who is baptized actually goes into the water. Thus, after Jesus was baptized, He "came up out of the water" (Mark 1:10), and when Philip baptized the Ethiopian eunuch, "they both went down into the water" (Acts 8:38). These descriptions do not quite prove complete immersion, however, since they could have stood, let us say, ankle-deep in water while one of them scooped up some water and poured it over the other's head. Furthermore, we are not told in Scripture that we must baptize in exactly the same way as John or Philip. 51 And shall cut him asunder, and appoint him his portion with the hypocrites: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth. Likewise, we can't wash away our sins with the mirror of God's law, but instead are washed clean by the blood of Christ. This is the essence of the message to the Romans. The summary, however, is excellent, in my opinion. The author states: 25 Behold, I have told you before. 32 Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When his branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh: