You might also try reading the book, "Hands are Not for Hitting" together. It is designed expressly for this purpose, is a board book, is simple and offers the child alternatives. These steps go a long way (even with two year olds) in developing self confidence, assurance that you respect the child for the child, practice with responsibility AND set an example of a parent that has faith and trust in his/her children. At two he probably doesn't fully get the concepts regarding apologizing. At this point it is only a habit he does because you taught him to. At his age, he is testing the limits of his control. He is finding out what you can enforce and what you can't. I feel the more ways the discussion can be had and the topic can be addressed, the sooner and more fully the importance of trustworthiness and how to maintain it will be understood. I do know this will be an "on going" discussion in any household as the temptations simply become greater as they continue to get older. It is really just a matter of consistently giving him the necessary feedback as needed. It doesn't have to be discouraging or disrespectful, and he will forget and need reminders (he is two and they have a short attention span AND memory at this point). Now is a GREAT TIME TO START. The sooner the better actually, you never know when you'll wind up on a plane full of passengers, at a funeral or roped into a restaurant experience with extended family for example, when he'll need to know how to moderate his voice and actions to fit the occasion. Potty Training - Most of my time was engaged in potty training when I was a two's teacher. For a child that is an auditory learner and relates well to stories, two classics to take a look at are: "The Boy Who Cried Wolf" and "Pinnochio". My own little one was still unable to explain why other characters in a variety of modern takes on a "Boy Who Cried Wolf" as well as the original did not go to the boy's aid at the end of the story right up until around age five. For you, It might be more like, (In Danish) "I Choose not to respond to German. Could you try again in Danish Please?" Once the concepts of trustworthiness and honesty are understood fully in a more personal way, many families, including ours, use the "second consequence" tact. The idea is that there is a second consequence added onto any original consequence that would have existed without the lie. When children know this is coming it can be a good deterrent to lying. We also continue to discuss how important trust is and remind about the natural consequence of "loss of trust" whenever this "second consequence" must be used. As often as is possible, there is a third "consequence" that drives this point home soon after a situation where a lie has been used. For example, "no, you can't go to your friend's house because I can't trust you to clean up your messes without me watching over you. That means I can't trust you to help clean up your messes while at your friend's house where I can't check on you as much." (when a child has claimed to have cleaned something up that didn't really get cleaned) "I guess you'll have to work on earning back more trust by being more honest". Washing Hands - We even did a whole month all about germs and the importance of cleanliness and hygeine (you are probably doing a lot of this anyway). Outdoor Awareness: This included safety issues like crossing streets while holding hands and staying right with guardians and introductions to the basics behind staying away from "tricky people." Outdoor awareness also included naming local insects (learning which ones to alert a teacher to and not touch vs. which ones are just "cool" is a GREAT thing for kids. Just teaching them all insects are something to be careful about is simpler, but creates fears), trees and other plants (not that we had any in the classroom, but learning that some plants are safe and others are not for touching is similar to the lesson about insects), commonly encountered large animals (and safety around them) as well as seasonal awareness (changing leaves, weather etc). I am truly not asking what makes a book popular - I don't want a list of fads or "in things" right now. How do I choose books of QUALITY? What makes a book one kids will read over and over again - what should I look for in picture books to choose books for my kids that are more likely to be the kind of book my children will love - even to the point of wanting to share the same books with their own kids someday? I general, make sure you are really listening and working on building your relationship. Giving kids a sense of belonging and understanding they can trust helps as learn to express emotions in more constructive ways because it is how you show them that how they are feeling matters to you and throwing a fit isn't the best way to get their feelings across. I would avoid using inside/outside voice exclusively. These are great descriptors, but you might couple them with quiet, soft, and loud as well. Our voice level is actually on a continuum and he will need to know a range of voices he can use. Softer and Louder are great vocabulary to use. In services (like weddings, church and funerals) he needs to know how to say nothing at all or whisper very softly. At restaurants he needs to know how to speak in a soft voice, at home his normal voice is fine indoors or outdoors and at the playground or arcade (such as CHuckee Cheese's) Loud voices are okay.