This is the Sam Harris route to ignoring the difficulties with defining an objective morality (I assign it to him as he was, as far as I can tell, the most vocal and prominent early advocate of this position). It does however, tell us some things about morality that we tend to ignore. For example: I have been rereading Nietzsche's On the Genealogy of Morals. The prose is moving, inasmuch as one is moved by prose (I am but very little), but the content seems to my eye poorly reasoned (relying heavily on rhetorical flourish and single examples instead of methodical dissection and consideration of possibilities) and highly anachronistic from a modern perspective (complete with what today seems like particularly odd racial/ethnic/cultural viewpoints and a generous helping of historical inaccuracies). This also ignores the point. Yes, there are easy cases, and they're already easy without this supposed framework for morality. Almost nobody seriously advocates for letting malaria run rampant or for spreading it. But there are other common problems, like increasing wealth disparities or the conflict between economic growth and environmental degradation or whether it is noble or evil to publicize the plight of starving children in Africa where you simply must answer many of these why questions. The problems come when you start asking why: why well-being instead of happiness? Why just humans? How can you quantify it in a way that is correct, not just easy / measurable? How do you combine scores from different humans? Harris dodges the question, essentially saying, "Wait, wait, wait. There are easy cases--malaria unambiguously decreases human well-being, and science will tell us that!" Thus the question is (quoted for emphasis): As evolved creatures, many of our strongest drives are there because they are (or were) necessary or helpful in an evolutionary context: love of family, desire for sex, dislike of being enslaved, etc.. Elevating one of these to exalted status while ignoring the others is even more likely to be emotionally unworkable than something more comprehensive because they're all there for a reason. (To be determined: if keeping the underlying reason in mind is usually enough, or if you must always keep all the special cases in mind.) Because of this, the closest thing to a scientifically objective morality is something like this: things are good to the extent that they maximize the chances for indefinite survival of human life (if not possible, fall back to other life in proportion to how closely related it is); things are bad to the extent to that they jeopardize it. Given this, I simply don't know what to do with this as a body of work, aside from note its intriguing place in history and its influence on thinkers of the time. The Critique of Pure Reason, in contrast, sets out a clearly defined and carefully reasoned thesis and therefore has contributed a permanent and in some sense timeless approach to morality and knowledge and such (even though one may argue with the reasoning or assumptions in numerous places). *To clarify what I mean about lasting value, since this is apparently not an intuitively obvious term: philosophy as a field attempts to study things the way they are or should be, both as the primary field for several types of inquiry (morality, comprehensibility of the world, etc) and as meta-analysis for others (philosophy of mathematics and science, for instance). Philosophy is not merely an expression of human creativity or artistry (we have art and literature and music and so on for that). Therefore, to study philosophy, one needs to be familiar with what philosophy studies, and what progress has been made in that study: what are the most natural questions to ask, and what compelling answers have been given? Are there counters to those answers, and so on? In this vein, for a philosophical work to have lasting value, it must either demonstrate something that is (at least approximately) true and relevant--either for the first time or as one of the best explanations yet, or it must raise a question or open up a new branch of philosophy (or close off an old one) and do so in one of the most compelling and clear ways that has been devised. It is not of lasting value, in the sense I mean, if it was merely part of a historical trend of moving in a new direction. For example, Giotto's painting Christ before Caiaphas was part of a trend towards improved perspective in paintings, but it is of no "lasting value" for accuracy in painting because the method used is wrong--wrong enough so that one shouldn't duplicate it--and because it is not terribly clear from looking at the painting what it was that he was doing.