Syllogistic reasoning can be performed as it was traditionally, albeit with extra instantiation and generalization steps, and often using rules of inference such as modus ponens and modus tollens. Here are two typical examples of syllogistic reasoning, where the first two lines are classic syllogistic premisses, and the final line is the classic syllogistic conclusion. which is a universal statement. As with Borge's library, "most" numbers don't have a simple representation; and even those that do may have superficially similar representations which make them hard to meaningfully distinguish. In fact, if a 'simple' representation has to be of at most some length, then all but a finite number of numbers are beyond all human ability to reason. Does this mean they escape logic? Well, it certainly means that we can't reason with them; but it also means that we will never have to worry (or more to the point, we are unable to worry) about their properties in any productive fashion. Again, as with the books in Borge's library, most numbers are gibberish; they have no particular importance to us. as "there is [something] which is both a Scottish person and who eats their porridge plain"; or This goes to show that when considering infinity — as well as many other sorts of mathematical concepts — what structure you consider important, that is what structure you require to be preserved by the transformations you wish to consider (such as matching from one set to another), will determine whether or not two objects are equivalent, or distinct. If you care about concepts such as dimension or measure, and demand that they be preserved by any functions you consider, then you can never bring a short line segment into one-to-one correspondance with a long one, or with a square. However, if you allow arbitrary functions, which may completely ignore the structural notions that you cherish, then you may obtain results which you find surprising, or even revolting to your intuition. This would ultimately be because there is a conflict between the ideas that you wish to consider, and the way in which you are considering it. (If you want to ask about whether the lack of any existence is identical to everything existing at once, without reference to mathematics, that would be a separate question, but one for which I doubt that there is an interesting answer; I would say it is either "no" or "there's no way to find out", depending on what limitations you put on the multiply existing worlds.) Restricted quantification It would be nice to be able to talk about All Scottish people who drink whiskey instead, but without changing the universe of discourse; or indeed to talk about more than just Scottish people all the time. The way we do this is by introducing ways to restrict the quantification. The counterintuitive (and many would say: counterfactual) element of Newcomb's paradox is that the distribution is said to depend on your strategy. You can understand the game easily enough for two strategies: If you order the finite whole numbers, what you get is a well-order. So, those who like to explore foundations of mathematics through set theory usually use the same construction to build both the finite ordinals and the finite cardinals. You may see some people describing cardinals by 1, 2, 3, ... and distinguishing them from ordinals by writing the ordinals as 1st, 2nd, 3rd, etc.; however, the usual mathematical construction for both is to define