Same observation applies to another siege of Sevastopol (1941-2) and to the siege of Port Artur (1904-5). All these sieges were lost by the Russians but they are very well remembered and generated significant literature. 

EDIT. Few words on the comment of Felix Goldberg. KGB existed only since 1954 (as a result of re-organization after Stalin's death). Before that all interior troops and border troops were controlled by various ministries. (Basically this was the Ministry of Interior but it frequently changed the name). They all originate from VChK squads. Then it was GPU (1922) OGPU (1923) NKVD (Ministry of the interior) (1937), MVD (1946) MGB (1947), MOOP (Ministry of Protection of Public Order) (1962), and MVD again (1968). The main stated purposes of these troops were protection of order, boundary control, guarding important objects (rail roads first of all) convoy (prisoner camp maintenance) and construction work. In 1954 border control function shifted to the separate agency, KGB. Interior troops were responsible for repression of popular uprisings and riots, deportation of peoples during WWII, and other such functions. Some of them also fought the Germans during WWII. All interior troops were under the central government control, there was no national units controlled by the republics. 

- Diarty of Thomas Pattenden (1748-1819), Resident of Dover 

(The previous election for Canterbury, in 1796, was voided for bribery on 2 March 1797, and a by-election was held. MP Samuel Elias Sawbridge won again on 10 March only to be removed later in May). 

You are referring to the Schwarze Reiters (i.e. black riders), named after the dark armour they wore. This was a type of cavalry that appeared in Germany after the decline of the medieval lancers, but later became a generic name (usually shortened to just reiters) for German cavalry mercenaries. 

[5]: They tended to do poorly against bigger or fortified groups, not just militarily but also due to a overcautious strategy. On the first day of the offensive, Communist forces numbering some 2-3000 attempted to storm the strategic Lady's Pass on the Great Wall. They might have overwhelmed the 200-strong garrison, except they retreated at the sight of 800 unarmed Japanese passengers disembarking from a nearby train station. Consequently the Japanese sortied on 22 August, when a 150 contingent of reinforcements arrived, and on 25th, when they routed a 700 men unit. The siege was abandoned after about a week. 

Gaston, Pvt. E. - Died 28 January 1902 at Leeuw River North 

Update #4: The double whammy of losing the French Navy as an ally in the Mediterranean, and of the German U-boats being able to base in the Bay of Biscay and Brittany area, was completely unexpected. No pre-war planning in the Admiralty could have been expected to foresee such a rapid fall of France. 

The British had a penchant for two word operational names, and in this case the two names were easy to keep distinct in planner's minds, while not hinting at Arnhem directly. 

Also if it ensues that the enemy does not march on Geisenfeld by my right, I can hold against 15,000 men if they attack me by my front or my left. I will maintain a precise co-ordination with M. the Marshal Duke of Auerstadt to inform him of everything which passes by this location. 

It's historical, dating from before the two colours represented different ranks instead of different branches of the army, as a cost-saving measure (essentially). 

One of the particular details which Lieber clearly gets right was in dealing with the lack of supplies for Confederate armies. In order to remain clothed while serving, many Confederate soldiers found it necessary to loot dead Union soldiers for their uniforms, putting them in the position of marching into combat in the uniform of their enemies. Lieber found no fault with this, provided simply that a clear, distinctive strike of some sort be worn or attached over such, to clearly mark the wearer as a hostile combatant.