Despite plenty of evidence of its repressive and murderous nature, the Soviet Union and the Communist idea still commanded much sympathy (additionally fueled by the role the Red Army played in the WW2 after 1941). Note that he always pretended to be a peacemaker and claimed the Entente to be the warmongers (the line repeated by the Soviet propaganda until 1941). 

Other lists of snipers lists snipers from many countries, not just the Soviet ones. 

The Western allies were not clueless about the Soviet espionage. However, they could not prevent it and were probably underestimating its extent. 

The communications between national leaders are normally conducted through the embassies. I.e., Churchill would send a Typex-encrypted telegram to the British Embassy in Washington, DC, it is decrypted there, and delivered in person to the White House. Similarly, Roosevelt would send a SIGABA-encrypted message to the US Embassy in London, it is decrypted there and delivered in person to Number 10. (Cold War required faster decision making, necessitating Moscow-Washington hotline). The reason Waffen-SS had good reputation is that they were supplied better than the Heer - both in men and materiel - especially at the end of the war, when they became more numerous and the regular divisions were bled white (see above). Germany consumed 44MB/y in 1938 (peace time!) while it got at most 13MB/y from Romania during the war. Note that during his reelection campaign Roosevelt pledged that he would "not send American boys into any foreign wars". The main reason for the status of France after the WW2 was Churchill's position. 

Oil certainly was an important consideration for Hitler, but Stalin was already selling him all the oil he would ask for. 

See also the Details section in another answer. PPS. In response to a commenter saying "not Nazi but Germans, Nazi is not a country like Japan": this is actually a good commentary on the question itself. Nazi Germany is considered by many to be an aberration in the long and noble history of the German people. No such term exists for Japan (although the Soviet historiography talked about "Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, and Militarist Japan"). This reflects the general observation I made: what happened in Germany in the 1930-ies and 1940-ies was historically unusual, while the same period in Japan was much less different from the historical patterns there. The two aircraft that attacked the Normandy beaches on June 6th were FW-190A8 of Jagdgeschwader 26 "Schlageter", piloted by Oberstleutnant Josef Priller (wing commander of JG 26) and Unteroffizier Wodarczyk. Some of this research gets much easier if you can search in German. ;-) All translations are my own. 

Whether those supplies reached Russia or not did not make a difference for Japan. (Except perhaps merchant tonnage sunk, but the US was more than capable of replacing such losses.) They could instead try to sink supply ships supplying US troops, which would be much more useful to Japan's war effort. 

Ziemke, Earl F. (2000) [1960]. "Chapter 2, The German Decision to Invade Norway and Denmark"., Command Decisions, United States Army Center of Military History. CMH Pub 70-7. At all times during the war, the German navy -- being significantly outnumbered -- tried to avoid engagements with the Royal Navy, not go looking for them. German warships and submarines were tasked to attack convoys, disrupt overseas trade, or protect land-based operations (Norway). At no point was a head-to-head confrontation with the Royal Navy a winable prospect for Germany. 

The Allied invasion on Sicily follows as a logical consequence, so does the Allied invasion in Normandy. 

Danzig was a strategic port, well connected to industrialized regions (central and western Poland). So it was by far a main Polish overseas trade route. It would be uneconomical to replace it by Lithuania or Latvia: the transport route existing there was poor and connected to the similarly poorly industrialized eastern Poland. Properly, this should be divided by Soviet land area as of 22 June 1941, but I've been unable to find this figure. I substitute the 1991 figure, which is only a little bit lower. Of course I assume that Baltics and (parts of) Finland are excluded from your question, as they could be hardly called "Soviet people" after just a year or so of occupation. 

A widely cited figure is "500,000 sq mi of Russian territory" occupied by Nazi Germany, but it does not seem plausible because of the imprecise choice of wording.