Although the committee chair has a lot of discretionary authority, the rest of the committee can force issues through. However, this requires support within the committee. Committee assignments are determined by chamber leadership, so it's possible that the relevant committees are strongly for or against any particular bill. This would make it difficult for a bill to be forced through a community. Who Don't These Apply To? These protections don't apply to everyone. For example, it would (obviously) be a mistake to think that the U.S. constitution protects Turkmeni protestors in Turkmenistan from action by their own government. Other cases may not be so clear. So where is the line drawn? Department of State However, federal law is inconsistent. For example, when describing the annual reporting requirements of the Department of State the law uses this definition of terrorism: Bill Introduction & Committee Process The first step of the process is to have the bill introduced. In my state, it's considered poor taste to deny a bill introduction (although I can't say for sure that norm extends to other states). A common carrier is defined in the same act: Rules in the state of Maryland require a committee to work a bill before it goes to the rest of the chamber. If a bill can't get through its committee, it won't have a chance to be voted on in the rest of the legislature. 

These protections apply to anyone subject to American law. This includes citizens, non-citizen residents, legal and illegal aliens, people living on military basis (whether U.S. citizens or not), and a host of other edge cases (such as foreign contractors who are subject to U.S. commercial law). However, it does not include people in other countries or who are otherwise not subject to U.S. law. State Level Each state may also have their own definition. For example, the state of Kansas has this definition in law (formatting slightly altered from original): As long as Title II is on the books, they don't have a choice -it must be applied to all common carriers. 

The text of Title II explicitly says this: The Code of Federal Regulations codifies federal regulations. It is law, but not in quite the same way as statutes are. The regulation mentioned above is specific to the Department of Justice. 28 CFR Sec. 0.85 mirrors this language, saying terrorism "includes": Why would they? Accusation of having committed a crime does not prevent someone from running for the presidency or being elected. Nothing in someone's criminal history prevents them from being president. There would be no (legal) reason to change the election date. 

About HJ-6 The issue they are talking about in the video is House Joint Resolution #6 (HJ6). This resolution would ask for a Constitutional convention to be convened to discuss voting and electoral changes. 

The resolution has 61 sponsors (of the 141 members of the House). However, only 7 of those sponsors are on the House Rules committee (it has 24 members total). 

That is what a tax credit and/or a deduction does. If the government is going to transfer wealth, this is an easy way to do it. It effectively is the power of the Executive to veto programs by not spending the money. One can argue that an executive always the power to choose priorities, and this would be one means of doing that. During the U.S. government shutdown, "essential personnel" are required to work, but everyone else has been furloughed. The Office of Personnel Management (OPM) defines who is and who is not "essential". 

In a poorly designed background check system, you would have three problems: 

As I read this list, Gen. Powell might qualify under 1.17, but if he did not, rule 1(b) prohibits any means under which the definition could be expanded to allow someone who is not already a member or officer to enter. As the first duty of the Speaker is (Rule 1 Section 1) 

The House has the power to bring articles of Impeachment (i.e. start the proceedings) In order to avoid the prohibition in the 12th amendment, Cheney had to quickly change his residency back to Wyoming (and sell his property), in order to avoid a lawsuit that had been filed. Eventually, a three-judge panel ruled that Cheney was, in fact, resident in Wyoming. Finally, bear in mind that stare decisis (precedent) is important to the court, but not iron clad. As justices die, even 6-3 and 7-2 decisions can eventually be overturned. A 4-4 decision that held is thus just more likely to be challenged more quickly as things change on the ground. 

Individuals could be easily confused, and legitimate buyers could be denied. Beyond these rules which are set in stone by the Constitution, anything else would be subject the rules of the House and the rules of the Senate - basically the rules that are the parliamentary procedures of each body. Reference to committees, for example, falls within these rules. These rules are adopted at the beginning of each session, and define both the makeup and purpose of each committee. Committees (and any rules associated with them) are just a thing to make the body function better - if the body agreed to suspend the rules, for example, each body could set up any procedure it wanted, subject to the Constitutional limitations proscribed above. To cite a silly example, if the Senate decided that the impeached President had to attend the proceedings whilest wearing a pink tutu, the Supreme Court could not intervene on these grounds. (Cruel and unusual punishment perhaps, but the point is that within each Chamber, each body can do whatever it wants).