Found an article here regarding salaries of cricket umpires in India. However, this was in 2012, so not sure if salaries have been changed since. The article mentions the following for local(non-international) matches: 

• the chances of an immediate, promising attack The decision to penalise the original offence must be taken within a few seconds. 

• the position where the offence was committed: the closer to the opponent’s goal, the more effective it can be FIFA Laws of the Game 2015/16 (italics my own to provide emphasis) 

Apart from this, all umpires receive ₹750 as daily allowance, ₹600 as conveyance allowance, and free hotel accommodation. If the offence warrants a caution, it must be issued at the next stoppage. However, unless there is a clear advantage, it is recommended that the referee stops play and cautions the player immediately. If the caution is NOT issued at the next stoppage, it cannot be shown later. 

If the ball has crossed the line legally before the foul is committed, the goal counts towards the attacking team. In this case, any tackle that occurs on an attacking player is late, and hence the player committing the foul is either cautioned(i.e., shown a yellow card) or sent off(i.e., shown a red card) depending on the severity of the foul. However the attacking team does not get a penalty or a free kick. The goal stands and play is resumed via a kick off from the centre spot by the team that conceded the goal(as is normal when a goal has been scored). 

The Italian blocker interfered with the Brazilian attacker's hit via the contact between the players, so this is a fault. It doesn't actually matter whether the net was touched or not, as the fault occurs when contact between the players happens. (i) it is finally settled in the hands of the wicket-keeper or of the bowler. When the first batsman reaches the crease, it becomes his ground, and it remains his ground even when the second batsman enters the crease. It doesn't matter if the batsmen crossed or not when running, all that matters is which batsman reached the crease first. Possibly the most famous incident of this type is when Ian Bell was run out while walking off for tea in 2011. In that case, the Indian team decided to withdraw the appeal, but that doesn't really affect things. 

The general principle is that an umpire's LBW decision is overruled only if there is "conclusive" evidence from the UDRS that the decision was wrong; if the UDRS presents only marginal evidence, then the original decision stands - this is known as "Umpire's Call". The specifics vary according to the exact type of cricket being played and are amended occasionally - you'd need to read the exact playing conditions for the match you're interested in. 

If an ‘out’ decision is being reviewed, in order to report that the ball is missing the stumps, the evidence of the technology should show that no part of the ball would have made contact with any part of the stumps or bails. (a) The ball becomes dead when The libero has not definitely committed a fault. As you note, the crucial rule here is 11.2.2.2; quoting from the 2017-2020 rules: (ii) it remains his ground even if he is later joined there by the other batsman. All the above assumes that the wicket is put down at B's end; if the wicket is put down at A's end, nobody is out as the first batsman to reach the crease is not out as he is in his ground, and the second batsman to reach the crease is not out as his wicket has not been put down (his wicket is at the other end). More seriously, you need to refer to Law 23: Whether the ball is finally settled or not is a matter for the umpire alone to decide. 

Quoting from the current Test Match playing conditions, Appendix 2, section 3.3(iii): 

However, if I were refereeing this, I would probably have said that the libero was interfering with the white team's play, violating 11.2.1: I don't believe either of the answers posted to be entirely correct. The crucial point is that in your scenario, both batsmen This is a judgement call on the part of the first referee. In this example, the first referee is a professional referee and I'm not, so you should probably trust their judgement more than mine (the play was not called a fault). 

Found an article here regarding salaries of cricket umpires in India. However, this was in 2012, so not sure if salaries have been changed since. The article mentions the following for local(non-international) matches: 

• the chances of an immediate, promising attack 

Apart from this, all umpires receive ₹750 as daily allowance, ₹600 as conveyance allowance, and free hotel accommodation. If the offence warrants a caution, it must be issued at the next stoppage. However, unless there is a clear advantage, it is recommended that the referee stops play and cautions the player immediately. If the caution is NOT issued at the next stoppage, it cannot be shown later. 

The decision to penalise the original offence must be taken within a few seconds. • the position where the offence was committed: the closer to the opponent’s goal, the more effective it can be Even if the attacking team has caused an offence after the ball crosses into the goal, the goal stands and the referee then penalizes the player who committed the offence. Play then resumes via kick off. The only reason a goal would not stand even if ball has entered the goal, is if the attacking team has caused an offence before the ball crossed the goal line. 

If the ball has crossed the line legally before the foul is committed, the goal counts towards the attacking team. In this case, any tackle that occurs on an attacking player is late, and hence the player committing the foul is either cautioned(i.e., shown a yellow card) or sent off(i.e., shown a red card) depending on the severity of the foul. However the attacking team does not get a penalty or a free kick. The goal stands and play is resumed via a kick off from the centre spot by the team that conceded the goal(as is normal when a goal has been scored). 

Even if the foul occurs before the ball has entered the goal, the referee will allow the goal to stand, and take appropriate action against the player committing the foul if required. This scenario falls under the purview of the Advantage Rule, where the referee is allowed to let play continue, even if a foul has occurred, if the team against whom the foul is caused has a sufficient advantage as deemed so by the referee.