The morality of eugenics The duty to eugenics (or good birth) is founded on common sense. We frown upon a pregnant woman heavily drinking or taking cigarettes. We think it is morally permissible to abort a fetus if a prenatal test reveals serious defects in the fetus. Our disapproval or permission originates from the concern for the wellbeing of the next generation. The scope of duty to eugenics, however, is unclear. Galton, due to the limit of technology of his time, suggested selective breeding as the method. Living in the era where human life can be reduced to the information of bits of 0's and 1's, and creating life can mean nothing but ingenious circuit designing (in synthetic biology), we wonder how far our duty to eugenics would extend. Negative eugenics moralists would argue that the selection against genes associated with disease and disability is morally permissible. Positive eugenics moralists, on the other hand, would permit the selection of 'superficial' genes (like height or eye color) since parents should ensure the best genes for their future children for the sake of the wellbeing of the children. 

It would still be difficult I'm sure because most scenarios dealing with morals are challenging to quantify, but in theory you could. I can see on the face of it how serial rapists do not ensure happiness in the same way that a lawful priest might, and I think you could reasonably argue that. Comparing one set of morals (actions, behaviors) to another under a common end goal is not the challenge — it's proving what the "common end goal" is (the "purpose of life") for all things. That's where it becomes seemingly impossible to prove one's position. But if you can agree on that, you're just arguing numbers at that point. 

The problem with your logic is that we don't not eat humans merely because it would require (immorally) killing them, but rather because cannibalism is something that we culturally (and/or genetically) reject. In other words, if the only reason you didn't eat human flesh was because you had moral qualms about killing humans, then yes, your argument would make sense. But clearly there's more to it than that. Otherwise, you'd see "recently killed in an accident" human flesh for sale at your nearby deli every once in a while.... 

Note: The question posed by the OP above was at one point asking for "secular pro-life arguments", and only later was focused to the analysis of a single of one such argument proposed by the OP. The first part of my response addresses the former question and I will keep it here in that readers may still find it useful. The second part is in response to the currently posed question. 

For this reason, the society envisioned by Cohen will have economic equality as well as economic growth (and efficiency). Naturally, to Cohen, egalitarian justice is achieved without the scheme of the wealth tax. 

Kant's deontic morality will say "No duty to finish early." To Kant, if we must, then we can: not we can, thus we must. 

Aristotle's virtue ethics will say "Neither too fast (overworking), nor too slow (lazy). Finish just a few days before the due date." 

One is the libertarian response by Robert Nozick who argues that the wealth-tax scheme is immoral. The assumption for Nozick is that, insofar as the market satisfies the conditions of just acquisition and exchange, the outcomes of the voluntary exchange of the goods by individuals are just. If I voluntarily paid $100 to watch LeBron James' game, which resulted in him being $100 richer and me being $100 poorer, no injustice is done. To Nozick, it is immoral for the government to try to impose the wealth tax on LeBron James. LeBron James owns his body and hence his talents. He is fully entitled to own the fruits of his labor and talents. For this reason, to Nozick, the wealth tax on LeBron James is like stealing his fruits of labor, which further implies that his body is owned by the government, and thus by those untalented and unsuccessful. Nozick asserts that the wealth-tax scheme amounts to treating talented people as a mere means, and thus violates Kant's maxim. 

From here, Aristotle can move on to say that a person is morally responsible if he is not in the causal chain of movements (i.e., when he has freedom to act differently) and when he knows what is the good and what is the evil. 

What is fruitful to pursue is why the (negative) duty to eugenics matters to Rawls, when most scholars find the duty to be tangential in political or social philosophy. The reason, I maintain, is due to the conceptual defect in the original position. The original position is a place where a social contact, although hypothetical, is taking place. Behind the veil of ignorance, each is equal, rational and reasonable, and expects mutual benefits. They are rational in that they know what are genuine goods for them. They are reasonable in that they are not envious of the bundles of goods of others and able to arrive at the consensus that they can live by when the veil of ignorance is lifted. 

John Stuart Mill's On Liberty is composed to address your question, when and when not to interfere the liberty of others, as an individual and as a society as a whole. 

The postulate of the original position has been widely criticized for various reasons. For our purpose, relating to eugenics, the feminist criticism is most relevant. Martha Nussbaum, for one, argued that in no society individuals are equal: individuals are fundamentally and undeniably unequal in their capability. Many depend on the care of others for a long period of time (e..g., children, chronically disabling illness, or lifetime of severe disability). These people have no representation in the original position, which envisions the contracting individual as an unattached single man. To Rawls these 'attached, care-needing' individuals are anomalies in his theory of justice, and can be represented only after the veil is lifted, through legislative and judicial means. This concession means that the just society obtained through the original position is limited in its scope of justice. There then is reason for Rawls to endorse the duty to (negative) eugenics, that all members of society be as normal (meaning, equal and independent) as possible, so as to be a member in the original position.