To give one such example relating to King Baudouin of Belgium: Councillors in the UK have four year terms. However, those terms don't necessarily all start at the same time. As with Royal Assent, this is largely a formality. However, recently revealed documents show that the Queen did in fact refuse consent on a Private Members Bill in 1999, as well as on a few other instances prior to that. 

It reveals that the bill's passage through Parliament looked like this: How would Labour enforce this? Because being in a coalition is mutually beneficial. In exchange for party X giving Labour their votes, Labour promise to implement some of party X's policies (and maybe refrain from implementing some of Labour's policies that party X don't like). 

UPDATE: Having researched this answer by using the aforementioned index of bills, it turns out that there is an easier way: the Act's entry on legislation.gov.uk already has a complete list (albeit without links)! 

“Once you begin the process of feeling it’s cool to be a reporter’s inside source, then it takes a life of its own,” Bucci told The Daily Signal. “I would bet a month’s pay that a person who had leaked about Trump also leaked this information.” 

Here's one expert opinion from "The Daily Signal": 

Specifically to address your "conspiracy theory" thing: Conspiracy theory is defined on Wikipedia thusly: If you're genuinely interested (as opposed to just looking for an excuse to insult someone you disagree with politically), this article in RealClearPolitics explores the general idea, although on US side. So, even if you can blame Trump for that event on the general principle of "The Buck Stops Here", you can't possibly ask "why does Trump do it" as it was done in contradiction of Trump (or likely irrespective of him). Levels of education and class overlap strongly in the UK, and so the Brexit vote also matched up with areas with higher levels of people from the DE social class - meaning people in semi-skilled or unskilled labour, those in casual labour and pensioners. 

How would Labour enforce this? Because being in a coalition is mutually beneficial. In exchange for party X giving Labour their votes, Labour promise to implement some of party X's policies (and maybe refrain from implementing some of Labour's policies that party X don't like). For some councils (like the one in the question), one third of the seats are elected at a time, with there being elections in May in three years out of every four. Although this power appears ceremonial, and in the vast majority of cases the Queen (or equivalent) does indeed grant assent when requested to do so, the power is real. This is demonstrated on the rare occasion when assent has been refused. 

Much of what happens in Parliament doesn't go to a vote, and doesn't change anything on paper. Its function is to ensure that all points of view are heard, and to force the government to justify everything it does. The Article 50 debates are prime examples of this.