In the US, the Speaker is closer to being the Prime Minister, the one responsible for organizing the legislature. This is somewhat confused in that a Prime Minister in the UK also has some of the powers that reside in the presidency in the US. The US Speaker of the House is the head of the House of Representatives, as the Majority Leader controls the Senate and the President controls the executive branch. Tax bills must originate in the House, so Paul Ryan as Speaker of the House has more budget influence than Mitch McConnell as Majority Leader of the Senate. 

No. Trump promised not to touch Medi***care***. He never promised anything about Medicaid. 

And the 2011-2014 period was still within two standard deviations of the mean for 1991-2016. They wouldn't even make statistical outliers. If you use the longer 1857-2016 numbers from the Wikipedia link, they're barely over one standard deviation. We may simply be looking for an explanation where random variation is sufficient. 

Summary: They don't seem to have been presenting detailed proofs with evidence, because: this is pretty much universally accepted in the US (the idea that it was not Russian-supplied SAMs is generally dismissed as Russian propaganda), and because Congress doesn't always feel the need to formally investigate every single aspect of what goes before it (particularly when it's noncontroversial; investigation that does happen is often done informally, and it seems unlikely that anyone would object to that line because it's utterly uncontroversial here), and because an H.Res. is not actually binding in any way (it is not a law, nor can it become a law, nor is it intended to be anything more than an expression of opinion by the House). 

There is one major exception: when considering confidential information, committees will hold closed sessions so they can discuss classified information without revealing it to the public. This will obviously not be released to you (though it didn't seem to happen in this case), and these meetings will be closed to the public (you can go to normal committee meetings and floor debates; closed meetings are the exception). Each house can also go into secret session, which means that the transcript of the floor meeting (normally in the Congressional Record) is not published (and all spectators are escorted out). This happens very rarely for the House, but more often for the Senate. In this case, the transcript is obviously not available. 

Note: The Congressional Record is the official record, not a transcript. It can be amended, and written things can be put straight in the record if no one objects. But that tends to be done to add rhetoric, not to remove things (and unlike in some state legislatures, members of Congress cannot change votes after the fact to my knowledge, except in one or two cases in the House where a single member can change their vote for procedural reasons [i.e. they have to be on the winning side to propose some necessary motion, but it's clear what they actually supported]).