Behaviourists will tell you that if it takes 15 minutes of tantrum for a child to get what they want, we have taught them to keep screaming. Next time they'll increase the time and volume until the parent 'gets the message'. This is a great time to teach, 'no means no'. If you think it over and discover that you were wrong or unfair, then you admit you made a mistake -- but never during a tantrum. This is why it pays to be a thoughtful parent. Breathe, think and then react. 

Make tidying up part of the fun. Toss the toys into the basket. Race to see if he can put more in the basket than you. Name the items by size/colour/item or shape as they go into the basket. 

ON Edit: I forgot she is two. CHOICES. Try choices and I think you'll see an improvement. At two children start to assert themselves. You make two choices that work for you as the parent. Then allow the child to select her preference. 

When we got home from work and before we made dinner, the entire family would crank up some music and have a dance party. We generally worked up a good sweat in half an hour and it was fun! Often we'd decide on what music we wanted for the next day -- our only criteria was it had to be a good pace for dancing. 

If we expressed hunger later, we ate from that plate. This was well before microwaves and so it was cold. No pressure to eat, and it stayed in the fridge until morning -- so if I could not sleep because I was hungry -- our nanny or Mum would get it for us. There was never a battle -- it was always up to us to eat. We never chose hunger for long enough for it to be a worry and as it was always a new day the next day -- there was nothing to stay upset about if there was any upset. 

By the age of three, children are ready for preschool. They are potty trained, able to communicate and socialize with others. They are able to share ideas and toys. Through interactive play they begin to learn social skills such as sharing and taking turns. They also develop the ability to collaborate on the “theme” of the play activity. The children not adults should institute play themes and structure. Adults should only intervene when children exhibit the need for coaching on social and problem solving skills. 

I suggest the parent chooses two items that are acceptable to him or her and then allows a real choice to the child. The parent selects two shirts or two food items or two activities and then the child selects the one they prefer. You can add a third selection in time, but in the beginning -- keep it simple. Then use the Choosing Language. "Which shirt do you want, the red or the blue?" When the child selects by pointing or even a word you respond, "You chose the red shirt. Good for you." This teaches that their choice was good, that this shirt is the red one and it teaches them/reinforces the choosing words. 

Link to PBS Whole Child I like this page because it pretty much fits with my education and experience and it is easy to read and understand. 

Parten studied play while at the Institute of Child Development in Minnesota. Her study suggested that when children engaged in active playtime, they learned how to interact with other children, cooperate, share and make friends. 

If you have not tried redirection, I suggest it. Prepare in advance. Have an activity ready and 'change the subject'. After a few days, your toddler may forget the game. If you need a further explanation, please let me know. 

Nearly every parent has been through this to one degree or another. It is very hard and extremely aggravating. So, it's a big club that no one wants to be a member of. Knowing that others have been through it probably doesn't help you much! Best of luck. 

Reading teaches so much more many people think. Language is one. Identifying objects and concepts is another. Gaining tools for living -- like how to be nice to friends, or how to take on a big job; many life lessons can be taught with books. Colours, counting, shapes, geography, transportation, safety, cooking, potty training -- you name it, there's an 'everybody' (children's picture) book for every subject. Reading teaches kids to sit and to listen. It teaches them to predict outcomes and to learn from memory. It can help extend a child's ability to concentrate for longer periods. 

Play "I Spy" -- All forms of this are great. "Can you find the dog?" "Where are your bricks?" "Can you see something big/round/blue?" It is something you help with, not about the right answers. If he shows you something red instead of blue -- be positive. "This is red. Here is the blue truck." 

Choice and 'Choosing' Language 

I agree with Giuseppe Biondi-Zoccai, whispering or talking very quietly is a better choice. If you yell all the time, the child will stop hearing it as an imperative. It becomes 'normal'. 

This is an overview. I am not supplying you with a management program but with an idea. Though I did do this for a living, this is the internet. I have not met you or what is even more important, I have not met your child. 

Baby sign language: Link Sign language takes the pressure off of speaking and believe it or not -- that helps speech! Talk to you child and identify everything. "Milk. Here is your milk." "Juice. Here is a glass/cup of juice." "Bear. Here is your toy bear." Be encouraging. "Yes! You said, 'Milk'!" Every activity is an opportunity for language. Spend time and notice what you do. Count items. "Here are crackers. 1-2-3. 3 crackers." "Bear is on the table. Where is Bear? Oh look Bear is here/under the table/in the box/on the floor." "You are wearing a blue shirt. Your jeans are blue, too." "This car is red. What colour is this car?" Try not to answer for your child. Allow your child to match, too. If the car is blue, your child can point to something else that is blue. If he does that, then you say, "Yes. Blue. The car IS blue. Good for you!" Sing. Sing every song you know. There are many artists that make music just for children. Teach your child the songs you know from your own childhood. Clap, keep the beat with a spoon on a pot, dance. All of these things encourage language and build your relationship with your child -- so it is a win/win.LINK On Edit: I have been thinking about this and wanted to mention that many children without siblings have this same 'problem'. It is a combination of having no peers and that Mum and Dad, who are working so very hard to be the best parents they can be, often do too much for their child. They answer for him; they anticipate his needs. There is nothing wrong with encouraging your son to make a choice or even to ask for something he wants. "Do you want Bear or the car?" "Do you want juice or milk?" "Do you want this blue shirt, or that red one?" If he is about to eat, put the plate just a tiny bit too far away. When he indicates that he wants it, either he will speak a sound that allows you to say, "Yes, bread. Good for you!" Or he points and you say, "You want the bread. This is the bread. Here it is!" Modelling speech is a good way for him to learn.