In the rest of the chapter he continues developing his 'science is not special and is driven by social and historical factors' viewpoint. At one point he seems almost contradictory, when he describes how Japan went from being a weak nation to being a strong nation by adopting the scientific worldview, but still maintaining that science is special only to scientists, and not to society as a whole. He states In this sense, one could argue that string theory is indeed part of metaphysics, but could go on to use it as a defense of metaphysics against Humean/Logical positivist "commit it to the flames/metaphysics is meaningless" type attacks. A scientist, when stating that they believe that Einstein's theory of relativity is true, should also state the following "under what conditions are you willing to abandon relativity?" - this isn't to say that relativity is false, only that it can be proven false - i.e. there is a possible experiment whose result might show that Einstein's model is wrong and another one should be proposed instead. Is there a second demarcation problem between "carckpot" pseudosciences (such as astrology or numerology) which are providing the wrong answers and legitimate fields of inquiry (such as political theory or ethics) which are trying to provide answers but so far have failed to provide verifiable and falsifiable statements or accurate predictions? Kuhn also adresses this in his book. Per Kuhn, science has multiple phases (see section 3 of this answer for details), and one of the main phases is the puzzle solving phase, when researchers just spending their time confirming already existing theories by solving minor puzzles, instead of truly questioning them and coming up with new ones. Less known is Massimo Pigliucci, who holds doctorates in genetics, botany and in philosophy of science, and has held positions both as professor of evolutionary biology and as professor of philosophy of science. I don't know if his contributions are considered major, but he has contributed enough that he qualifies as a working biologist and as a working academic philosopher of science. I understand the concept of how all observations are theory laden and how it works as a critique of the positivist program. From this link: Can someone be both a logical positivist and anti-redictionist? What would be the implications for logical positivism of empirically verifiable, but non reducible statements/theories? See among other things, Logical Positivism and why many considered it to have failed, Quine's Holism, non-overlapping magisteria, and Pragmatism (as Philip Klöcking ♦ said: Dewey and others). Consider various contemporary debates such as climate change or the debate over the relationship between vaccines and autism and other diseases: There is broad scientific consensus that climate change is real and vaccines do not causes autism, and anybody who denies these facts is considered to be unscientific, ignorant and deserving of mockery and derision. But, if Duhem-Quine and theory ladeness of facts hold, then climate change deniers and anti-vaxxers are perfectly entitled to their opinion. As long as they come up with a suitable set of presuppositions, then no set of facts can ever prove them wrong, and accusing them of being irrational or illogical is disingenuous and unfair. An ancient Egyptian observes the sun's movement, and proposes a theory that its movement is due to the god Ra's Sun Boat. A modern scientist observes it and proposes a theory that it is moved by mysterious force called gravity. In both cases, the only thing that can be observed is the sun's movement, both the god Ra and the force are abstract entities which cannot be observed. Both the Ancient Egyptian and the modern day scientist have to resort to unobservable metaphysical objects for their theory to be meaningful, otherwise they don't have a theory, they just have a bunch of observations. The concept of force seems more "rational" to us only because we have gotten accustomed in Western culture to concept, but to a truly neutral and empirically minded observer, the idea of a mysterious unseen vector pulling the sun through the sky is just as outlandish as a god on a boat. Both are cultural artifacts. You can decide that you aren't convinced that any theory of the world which requires a deity is correct. This is analogous to a material universe in which the laws are not extremely simple, but where with the correct techniques you could still discover a set of laws which perfectly reproduced observation up to measurement precision. There are a number of things which are problematic with identifying infinity with zero, with entertaining the idea that they are equal. In this regard, you can be an atheist simply because you see no particular reason to believe in god; you "have no need for that hypothesis". This doesn't necessarily entail that you reject all possible god-notions out of hand — although you may feel justified in being skeptical of them, just as you would be justified in skepticism of whether time-travel is possible based on awareness of the sorts of paradoxes it might give rise to. But this leads to position #2. Furthermore, reflecting on what I could really mean by a "mechanism" or by "intelligibility", it seems really that we're talking about whether there must be a subject of discourse. Can something emerge from — well, from a state to which I cannot refer, because it cannot be a subject? Or is it the case that by abstraction and indirection that I can always refer to a state of affairs, so that there is always implicitly a 'something'? Or is this just our conceit of the same class as the Ontological Argument: that because we can vaguely imagine something, that it must be a some-thing?