Aisha said: The Prophet Said: The Great Name with which Asif bin Barkiyar made a supplication was "Ya Haeeyu Ya Qayoomu". 

One narration is that it is in their tongue: ehyeh asher ehyeh. [Yahweh \ Tetragrammaton]. 

Knowledge of the Book of Decrees, or Lawhe Mahfooz ... a tablet\book with Allah where He writes what is to happen and that Happens. This assumes that the person in question was an angel sent by God to aid Solomon. 

However the shariah has differed for every ummah (nation) and "Muslim" is also the specific name of the ummah which follows the last shariah. 

— Ibn Kathir, Qurtubi, Tabari, Baghawi 

Qatadah said: The young ones were made into apes and the old ones into pigs, and the ones who refrained remained human and the ones who were transformed were destroyed. 

To supplement III-AK-III's answer: 

This was not in the Shariah and Deen of Ibrahim, rather it was relaxed and there was no hardship and strictness in it. The prohibition of the Sabbath was on the Jews because an argument arose among them about leaving work and seeking of provision. 

As far as the beliefs are concerned, they have been the same from Adam through Noah, Abraham, Moses and Jesus to Muhammad and so all of them are "Muslims": (Noah in 10:72, Abraham and his sons and Jacob and his sons in 2:130-132, Joseph in 12:101, Moses in 10:84, the Prophets of Israel in 5:44, Jesus and his disciples in 5:111). 

2:98 Whoever is an enemy to Allah and His angels and His messengers and Gabriel and Michael - then indeed, Allah is an enemy to the disbelievers. 

It has been said that the Jews who said this includeed Salam Bin Mashkam, Nauman bin Abu Awf, Shas bin Qais and Malik Bin Saif. They said this to the Prophet Muhammad(p.b.u.h). 

The Tafsir of 16:124 is that the Sabbath was only prescribed specifically for the Jews, and that after the revelation of the Torah to Moses, and that it was not part of the shariah of Adam, Noah, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and Joseph etc. Similarly it is not prescribed for Muslims. 

Secondly, there are other interpretations\translations of 19:7, which infer that Allah promised Zechariah a son like none that had been born before: abstaining from women, pure from sins, pious, given wisdom and knowledge of the scripture in his childhood, a mercy from Allah, dutiful to his parents, an attestor of Jesus etc. 3:39 , 19:12-13 

There are also tafsirs that it means so in an absolute sense. In that Allah created the souls of the Prophets pre-creation and took the covenant from them starting from Muhammad (ﷺ): 

And the example of this is that when a teacher says to an extremely stupid and failing student: "Become a donkey". 

It means stone idols which the pagans worshiped. 

The example of this is that if a person says "The Khawarij commit massacres and consider it valid to kill children" then this will mean that a group of the Khawarij consider this valid, and not all of them. Similarly when one says "Banu Tamim came to me" then this does not mean the whole tribe but some people from them. 

Ibn Abbas and Akrimah said: It is said that it was in Ila. Narrated from Ibn Abbas: It was between Ila and Tur. Zuhri said: It was Tibriyah. Qatatah and Zayed bin Aslam said: It was on a coast on the coast of Sham (Greater Syria) and is between Aiwan and Midan. 

And for you Jews especially, do not break the Sabbath. 

Tafsir Ibn Kathir mentions this (see english translation here): 

Knowledge of the Revelation and Wisdom. 

It was (archangel) Gabriel. ... It is narrated from Ibn Abbas that the knowledge of the scripture means Book of Manazilah or the Lawhe Mahfooz. 

And when they are condemned to Hell, they may be removed from it eventually: 

It is narrated that this happened in the time of David. 

Saadi narrated narrated from Ibn Abbas, Ibn Masud and some other sahabah that in Hell there are these black sulfur rocks whose intense fire would punish the disbelievers. 

2) Does the Quran misinterpret the canon Christian belief of Trinity? Specifically does it mix the Holy Spirit with Mary, mother of Jesus? 

Prophethood. This assumes that the person was Solomon himself and that he performed a miracle by Allah's leave. 

[They will be] abiding therein as long as the heavens and the earth endure, except what your Lord should will. Indeed, your Lord is an effecter of what He intends. 

There is an alternate opinion that they weren't physically transformed, but their hearts were sealed\hardened and "apes" is given as an example of their ignorance. From what I can gather, this is a very minority interpretation and based primarily on reasoning rather than narration. 

It was said: Stones means idols, according to the saying of Allah: Indeed, you [disbelievers] and what you worship other than Allah are the firewood of Hell. You will be coming to [enter] it. Had these [false deities] been [actual] gods, they would not have come to it, but all are eternal therein. 21:98-99 

The point is that its not Islam's job to define Christian beliefs and terminology as they evolved and diverged through time and geography. Islam rejects the divinity of any person or being other than Allah, it rejects the divinity of Angels, the Holy Spirit and Mary ... and it rejects the belief that Allah and Jesus are the same person (5:17). 

Sohail said: The one who had knowledge of the book was Asif bin Barkhiya, and he was the cousin of Solomon. He knew the Great Name from the Names of Allah.