21 And all the men of his city shall stone him with stones, that he die: so shalt thou put evil away from among you; and all Israel shall hear, and fear. 

Jeremiah 25:18 KJV To wit, Jerusalem, and the cities of Judah, and the kings thereof, and the princes thereof, to make them a desolation, an astonishment, an hissing, and a curse; as it is this day; 

Again God gave a specific command in the 10 commandments, and with this command, and none of the others, God gave the reward for obedience. 

26 And after threescore and two weeks shall Messiah be cut off, but not for himself: and the people of the prince that shall come shall destroy the city and the sanctuary; and the end thereof shall be with a flood, and unto the end of the war desolations are determined. 

Many People had already seen Jesus perform miracles and in the incident above this happened right after his having preached to them. It is possible that one of those in the crowd was receptive to his preaching and became a disciple. God knows the heart of people and Jesus may have known that it was a convert even though John did not. 

27 And he shall confirm the covenant with many for one week: and in the midst of the week he shall cause the sacrifice and the oblation to cease, and for the overspreading of abominations he shall make it desolate, even until the consummation, and that determined shall be poured upon the desolate. 

27 So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them. 

15 And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it. 

As for the part about homosexuality, For that you have to consider that God meant for man to procreate for several reasons, and one purpose was to have Adams posterity to care for his creation, that is why he gave sex to mankind in the beginning, and his explicit instructions were to multiply and fill the Earth. Sex was given to mankind for that reason, not for his pleasure. God made it pleasant so that man would not think of it as strictly a duty to him, even though it was. And there is no procreation in homosexuality, and it is therefore an abomination to God in that it is relegated to a place of pleasure only and not to fulfill God's edict to fill the Earth. 

11 For in six days the LORD made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the LORD blessed the sabbath day, and hallowed it. 

The following is pasted from http://www.gotquestions.org/seventy-weeks.html 

Notice that these results concern the total eradication of sin and the establishing of righteousness. The prophecy of the 70 weeks summarizes what happens before Jesus sets up His millennial kingdom. Of special note is the third in the list of results: “to atone for wickedness.” Jesus accomplished the atonement for sin by His death on the cross. 

We are given a clue in verse 2: 

Therefore in order for those duties to be carried on man had to procreate, and so God told man to be fruitful and multiply and fill the Earth. So man even though he had given up life eternal on the Earth, God still needed to fulfill his overall plan. 

God had also created Adam as an eternal being. 

As for the last part of your question, concerning disobedient children. 

The Final Week of the 70 Weeks 

The Divisions of the 70 Weeks quoted from http://www.gotquestions.org/seventy-weeks.html. 

In order to answer the question it is necessary to first understand what Daniel meant by 70 weeks.