Barring something outside the normal political process1, Trump will be the next POTUS. An important difference between National Guard and the Federal Army, Air and Navy forces is that the Posse Comitatus Act severely limits the roles for the Federal forces1, banning them from being used to enforce laws2 in most of the situations. 2 And that famous "The End of History". 1Russia investigation, leaks, he was appointed by Obama, etc... It is a distinct possibility, but I would prefer to see the profile of the person designated to replace Comey before making any claim in that direction. "Almost all Western countries stopped arms sales to Pakistan." Again. what is the relation?. Yes, both are Muslim countries. Should that be the motive? First, who says it is not used? For example, from your data, for Winsconsin (95% reported, 1% gap). So, for each 100,000 votes, we have: Of course all of that does not mean that, just for being AG, an individual will be immune from pressure (from the President or other parties); those are just reasons to make a point that a proper AG has motives not to bend to those pressures. Chose a spineless person and none of the above will prevent that s/he becomes a pawn of whoever is a President. And also, despite all of the above, no sane AG or other official would make such a move as opening an investigation on the President unless they are truly convinced that there might be something to be found out. It is not the kind of thing that one should begin without enough evidence supporting it. Yes, Comey's mistake is perceived as having favored Trump greatly. That is why it is convenient for Trump to fire him. Of course, AFAIK, nothing forbids California Governor or Legislature to make a declaration by which they declare to abide by the Paris Agreement and approve the laws and measures needed for this objective, as long as they do not conflict with the Federal powers (the only one that I can think could interfere would be the Commerce Clause). I do not know if later studies have shown otherwise, but at the time the reason given was that the Kosovo conflict was a continuation of the wars that happened after the breakup of Yugoslavia.