103 Rom 8:22-24. 104 Rom 8:26. Say that a person wanted to get a dispensation from Sunday mass (perhaps they got a job at a restaurant that required them to work on Sundays, which is noted as something that may be necessary in 2187). How are they expected to go about getting this dispensation? Is it as simple as sending an e-mail (or otherwise communicating with their pastor)? Or is there a more formal process? First off, Catholics recognize Jesus renaming Simon to Peter as the first example popes taking on a different name. Has the Catholic church provided an official response or explanation for the apparent implausibility of the census as described in the Gospel of Luke? The claim we are interested in is the one that is cited by footnote 516, which cites "LG 66". Looking at the list of abbreviations, we see that this refers to the 66th section of Lumen gentium, promulgated by Pope Paul VI in 1964. Section 66 shares much of the reasoning we see in the Catechism. Now let's say that both married people do not wish to have their marriage annulled. Can a third party, such as their families, ask for an annulment? 105 Lk 18:13. 106 1 Jn 3:22; cf. 1:7-2:2. Portier identifies several different reasons for popes picking their names (the pope decides whichever reason they feel is most important to them). To give a concrete example, let's say that St. Joe Schmoe wrote a short book in 1900. Would it be possible for the Catholic Church to decide that the book of Joe was divinely inspired, like the currently recognized Bible books, and should be added to future copies of the Bible, thus allowing it to also be read during mass and such? I realize such an event is unlikely, but I'm wondering if it is theoretically possible to do it. I'd like to highlight Matthew 6:33 (from footnote 107), which says "But seek first the kingdom [of God] and his righteousness, and all these things will be given you besides." However, we get some insight if we look at when the title "Mother of God" (Greek "Theotokos", alternative translations would be "God-bearer" or "Birth Mother of God") was affirmed at the Council of Ephesus in 431. The principal opponent to this view was Nestorius, who argued that Mary should instead be called "Mother of Christ" (Greek "Christotokos"). There are saints like St. Moses, but they are different people than these Old Testament figures. This statement is sourced by Lumen Gentium, a 1964 Roman Catholic dogmatic constitution that was a major document of Vatican II. Wikipedia didn't say which part, but as best I can tell, it is referring to Chapter II, Section 14: At the time of the article's writing, "Pius" was considered a possibility as a reference to Pope Pius XI who fought for the papacy's independence from secular states and continuing church tradition. Portier noted that this would be a surprising and "scary" choice should a Latino or North American pope, a non-traditional choice, be elected. Francis also shared that his colleagues jokingly suggested he should have chosen Hadrian, because Hadrian VI was a reformer and they felt the church needed reform, or Clement XV to get back at Clement XIV for suppressing the Jesuits (of which Pope Francis is a member). Thus we hit a bit of a dead end as the Catholic Church affirms its usage of the title "Mother of God" not on scripture, but rather the fact that it existed in early works such as Sub tuum praesidium, the oldest surviving hymn to Mary, which has been dated AD 250-280. It was originally written in Greek, with the English text being as follows: