How are these typically handled between the author, the novel publisher, and the short story publisher? Do novel publishers seek out these deals? Do the authors seek them out and then have to "OK" them with the novel publisher? Finally, if the agent likes the entire work, they will offer representation. Alternately, they may ask to see a rewrite before offering representation. There are a number of things to consider at this stage, namely how well you and the agent "fit". Numerous agents offer advice about this on their blogs, but I won't go into detail here. Do Your Homework This post has already gotten rather long, and it's nowhere near being exhaustive. Publishing is a complicated business, and it pays to do your research. Find some author, agent and editor blogs that talk about the business. There are literally hundreds of them these days. Read up. Ask questions when knowledgeable people are willing to answer. You can never be too prepared! Publishing through print-on-demand shares some of the pitfalls of "vanity" press, namely the lack of any support from the publisher. Print-on-demand is probably even less likely to assist with formatting the manuscript for publication. However, the cost of entry is generally much lower in print-on-demand. If I sold an excerpt as a short story, how would that complicate trying to sell the whole novel? If I've already sold the novel, how does that complicate selling the excerpt? The cost of an agent is a commission on your work, if it sells (and not before!). Usually this amounts to 15%. If your main concern is seeing your book in bound form, and you don't mind paying for it, this path may be for you. Just be aware of what you're getting into. Vanity presses make their money from authors, so they have little incentive to actually sell books. They offer no marketing support, and your book will not generally be stocked on bookstore shelves or get reviews. Most books published through these companies sell only a handful of copies. It is possible to sell large quantities through self-publishing, but it generally requires a lot of hard work on the author's part, promoting and marketing. A platform, such as speaking engagements, can also help. Even then, it's a bit of a long-shot. The three-act structure is extremely common in novels, although not universal. I would guess that part of what makes a novel feel different to you is simply the overall length. Even if you are a fast reader and it's a short novel, reading the book will generally take a lot longer than watching a movie. If your query piques the interest of the agent, they will usually request a "partial" - basically a larger chunk of your manuscript, like 30 to 50 pages. Then, if they still like what they're seeing, they'll request the whole thing. A great resource for learning about how to craft effective query letters is Query Shark. Miss Snark's Blog also says quite a bit on the subject (though that blog is no longer updated). I'm sure there are other good resources out there too, if you do a little searching. Finally, print-on-demand is an emerging alternative which allows books to be printed one-by-one, rather than in large runs. Companies that offer this service typically take a cut of each book sold, and are able to remain profitable by keeping minimal inventory. Some publishers will accept queries or full manuscripts. You may choose to submit directly to these publishers. Small presses may be more likely to look at your unrepresented work. If your book does garner interest, you may choose to deal with contract negotiations and the rest of the business side of publishing on your own. A better alternative is probably to get an agent at this point. It won't be hard when you tell them you already have a publisher who wants to buy your book. EDIT: As MGOwen points out, there are some incompetent and/or exploitative people in the agenting business too. Preditors and Editors is an award-winning website that can help you check up on agents to make sure they're on the up-and-up. You should also look for agents that are members of AAR - the Association of Author's Representatives. This is the primary professional organization for literary agents. Agents Typically, you would begin querying agents. Agents offer a number of benefits: Because the book is longer, all the acts are stretched out. However, the second act is the "meat" of the story, and it will generally get more than a proportional share of this additional story time. Even in a very large novel, some readers will be frustrated if the setup or resolution are too long. Most novels will have a longer second act (proportionally) than movies.