So it is Naomi, not Ruth who was the wife of Elimelech; the verse you cited gives the more specific information that Ruth married Mahlon whereas chapter 1 leaves it open as to whether it was Mahlon or Kilion that she'd married. 7 During the days of Jesus’ life on earth, he offered up prayers and petitions with fervent cries and tears to the one who could save him from death, and he was heard because of his reverent submission. 8 Son though he was, he learned obedience from what he suffered 9 and, once made perfect, he became the source of eternal salvation for all who obey him 10 and was designated by God to be high priest in the order of Melchizedek. (NIV) 

*This is a passage where a masculinist bias in a majority of English translations is particularly evident - I personally find it fascinating and illuminating to read a translation that preserves the gender neutrality of the original Greek. This tells us something about God's priorities and what Jesus could possibly mean by "greater works". With this frame of reference then examples such as Acts 2:41 could be considered as fulfilling this promise: In Spiritual Maturity, J. Oswald Sanders describes Pentecost as a reversal of Babel. An online search shows this to be a link made by others, and in a related thesis on the topic, Paul J. Pastor goes as far as to claim: 

“You are my Son; today I have become your Father.” 

I draw your attention to the past tense in: 

As well as literary evidence, there is epigraphic evidence which indicates that Phoebe was famous and regarded as an ordained deacon by the Early Church. A funerary stele from the Mount of Olives in Jerusalem, and dated to the latter half of the 4th century, or possibly later, reads: “Here lies the slave and bride of Christ, Sophia the deacon (hē diakonos), the second Phoebe (hē deutera Phoibē), who fell asleep in peace . . .” (Horsely)[11] To be referred to as “the second Phoebe” was clearly meant as an honour for the deacon Sophia being commemorated on the stele. 

14 Therefore, since we have a great high priest who has ascended into heaven, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold firmly to the faith we profess. 15 For we do not have a high priest who is unable to empathize with our weaknesses, but we have one who has been tempted in every way, just as we are—yet he did not sin. 16 Let us then approach God’s throne of grace with confidence, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us in our time of need. Although, some 'choose' the celibate life for the sake of the kingdom, verse 11 states explicitly that they can only do this because it has 'been given' to them to do so - ie. it is a grace gift and therefore the choice or state should not be considered through the lens of merit. Earlier in John is a verse that could potentially help provide an answer to your question: 

This said pre-resurrection and glorification; Together with the implications of - More of the biblical basis side of things than an overview, but we've just been looking at an answer to this question tonight, as found in Hebrews 4:14-5:10 - 

Another verse in John a little later (after the resurrection) gives further insight: 

Was Phoebe a Deacon of the Church in Cenchrea? (Part 2) 

ie Judgment was not part of Jesus' mission during his 'first coming' (the incarnation); and also: 

To summarize, the agony in the garden (5:7) was a key part of the necessary process of Jesus being tempted in every way (4:14) so that he could: a) empathize with our weaknesses (4:15); b) learn obedience (5:8); c) be made perfect (5:9) - all of the preceding as part of the necessary preparation he underwent to assume the role of high priest - ever ready to make intercession for his people.