He was tough on rebellion (though this was not an unambiguous positive): 

From The Glossary of the Tribes and Castes of the Punjab: 

To help voters, the parties supplied their own ballots with only their party's candidates printed on them. You could copy names from the ballot onto a scrap of paper, or in some states you'd simply place the printed party ticket into a ballot box. Here's an example of one such ballot (source): To us, the Sedition Act may seem unthinkably contrary to American values. It did not seem this way to Federalists, so it should be no surprise that the Federalist majorities supported these bills. In fact, the Sedition Act seemed to many to be a liberal law: 

The earliest scientific poll I could find on prohibition comes from Gallup in December 1936. In it, 67% of respondents answered "no" to the question, "If the question of national prohibition should come up again, would you vote to make the country dry?" Did Jackson ever approve or discuss westward sea voyages to Asia? Did he ever discuss Russian colonization of Alaska? The electors were likely looking toward the future, anointing Hendricks as future (Vice) Presidential material. Hendricks was a Hoosier of national prominence who could help the Democratic Party make inroads into the North in 1876. Benjamin Brown retired from politics after the election, so there was no need for the electors to defer to him. And anyway, Brown was from Missouri which was so solidly Democratic that it went for Greeley by 16 points even in the Republican blowout of 1872. I know that Jackson had little formal education, but it's still shocking that a head of state in the 19th century would doubt that the world was round. Is it possible to confirm whether Jackson was a flat-earther? I see several ways to approach this question, though there may be others. Which politician or organization was the first to formally use the name "Democratic Party" for the party of Andrew Jackson? When and where did this happen? But Hamilton's arguments weren't enough, so deeply did most Federalists distrust Jefferson. Congress voted 35 times without resolving the presidential election. Finally, a Delaware Federalist got assurances second-hand that Jefferson reportedly "would preserve the Federalist financial program, maintain the navy, and refrain from dismissing subordinate Federalist officeholders except for cause." This was enough assurance, and on the 36th ballot, some Federalists abstained from voting, which was enough to throw the presidency to Jefferson over Burr (p. 285). 

Does James Parton have a reputation for embellishing facts in his other works? 

How Did Parties Choose Which Names Went on their Ballots? Because the Republicans knew that New York would be decisive in the 1800 elections, they decided that Burr (a New Yorker) should serve as the Virginian Jefferson’s running mate. According to Gordon Wood, no Republican expected Burr to get the same number of electoral votes as Jefferson (p. 282). In fact, one elector was supposed to abstain from voting for Burr, but somehow the Republican's plans got confused--not surprising, as this was still the early days of national party politics. Burr and Jefferson ended up accidentally getting the same number of votes. Background: Thomas Jefferson's political party was called the Republican Party by its supporters and the Democratic Party by its detractors. The name "Democratic-Republican" in this early period is an anachronism coined by waffling historians: It's probably because Ganson--one of the handful of Democrats who voted for the 13th Amendment--was on the fence about this Amendment himself. Voting not to reconsider the bill is similar to voting "present" in order to duck a difficult issue. There was no official "procedure for determining who was on the presidential ballot" because during this period there were no official ballots. Sultan Awes, the last Sultan of Swat, was expelled from this territory along with his Tajik subjects. They settled near the source of the Oxus River, where they ruled for several more generations "as far as the frontier of Badakhshan." 

Both Federalists and Republicans were very aware of the novelty of the American experiment, and both feared that history taught that republics often collapsed into tyranny. The major ideological battles of the day were over what conditions could best preserve republican government. The Federalists believed in a hierarchical, ordered society led by a natural elite; they saw the Alien and Sedition acts as propping up that ordered society. The Republicans saw the acts as destroying liberty. In the end, the Republicans won, and they established the basic political philosophical framework within which all subsequent political debates would occur. 

By contrast, Indiana was the swing state of the era, giving it the potential to decide a close election. Look at the list of close states in 1876, 1880, and 1884. All three were tight elections in terms of the popular vote. Democrats narrowly won Indiana in 1876 and 1884 (with Hendricks on the ticket) and narrowly lost it in 1880 (without Hendricks on the ticket). Indiana was the closest state Democrats won in 1876 and the closest state they lost in 1880. Hendricks was quite literally the difference maker.