So Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him was following the way of Prophet Abraham which rejects any idea of polytheism and believing oneness of God. 

Allah Swt and his Messenger knows best 

Keeping in mind that teachings of the Judaism is not assosciated with Propet Moses or Moosa peace be upon him or christianity to prophet Jesus or Isa peace be upon him directly as they are later formed and their inspiration contradict to the teachings of Prophet Abraham (Ibrahim).So on one side both Jews and Christians claim to follow the way of Prophet Abraham peace be upon him but are also involved in Shirk. 

As Drwael has answered I want to make an addition ,In Quran Surah Baqarah , Allah Swt says 

All Praise to Allah Subhanahu wa Taala and blessings of Him be on Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him His family and companions 

It is narrated from Ibn Abbas Ra which interpretes that some well known jews and christians from madinah gathered and did debate with Muslims on religion and claiming their religion to be best and refusing prophethood of Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him ,rejecting Quran as the holy book and asking muslims to enter into their deen or religion so Allah Swt revealed this ayah. 

Source: http://islamqa.info/en/115761 

Here are some definitions from Google search: 

Relaxants: A drug used to promote relaxation or reduce tension. 

Is it standard islamic practice (or is this cultural) to give sadaqah on behalf of another person to add barakah and/or make their life easier and/or remove some calamity from their life? i.e. Can I give sadaqah on behalf of a troubled family member? In the hope that this troubled family member will receive the blessings of me giving the sadaqah on his/her behalf? 

In the event that inflation is expected at the time of signing the contract, the contract may be drawn up based on a currency or form of wealth other than that which is expected to fall, such as basing the contract on the following: 

These 2 sections of the Quran to me seem to be saying that when it's time for worship, worship! When it's time to work, work! Work could possibly be considered a type of worship if your have the correct intention. However, I'm no scholar, so you should probably get this clarified by someone more reputable. 

(c) A basket (group) of similar products 

I may have misunderstood the fatwa, so please read it carefully yourself. 

Source: http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/all+kinds+of 

(e) A basket (group) of currencies 

My personal view of the 2 sections above (so take with a pinch of salt) 

So my question is, if all relaxants and intoxicants are not forbidden, which types are not forbidden? i.e. which relaxants and intoxicants were not forbidden by the prophet of islam and/or God when the prophet of islam was alive? 

Brother @Sayyid has given you specific answers to your questions. 

First of all i repeat saying that I'm no expert on this matter and my answer is based on my interpretation of this article in Arabic (in addition to other references I found). I try to transmit what I've learnt or understood as is, so you will see me pointing at critical points and at discussions, but I won't tell you whom might be right or wrong. For example: when it comes to the discussion of the relevant angle for fajr and 'isha timing I'll just transmit the information as precise as I can as different references use different definitions or terms, so I'm not even sure whether it's the same angle they are quoting. 

The first interpretation is that of ibn 'Abbas which means Allah forbade them to hide the truth and also forbade them to conceal/mix the truth with falsehood. The other interpretation is the one of abu-l 'Aliyah and Mujahid which means Allah forbade them to conceal/mix the truth with falsehood, while they knew the truth. 

Here just some examples of the ahadith: 

So for example geometrical drawings or settings would be allowed, but images of living things not. 

On the way how you may perform it 

beside this the other 5 reasons are (see also this fatwa in Arabic): 

It is exactly this assumption of a fix angle that creates problems, as a fix value could fit for some region of the world better than for an other, while it could be totally wrong elsewhere: So the method of Um al-Qora might apply for the Arabic peninsula but not at all for Europe or North America. On the other hand even if we assume we found a value for that angle which fits for the summer, we might need an other for the winter and maybe even for each couple of months for the same region. Which might lead to errors of up to 90 min (before) the actual prayer time in northern Europe or America, if we fixed that angle according to Um al-Qora for example.