I have a few bikes and I see a bike I want and I am going through the can I justify to myself. 

For the most part they have been replace by clipless pedals. That is why clipless is called clipless as there is no toe clip. 

The safe bet is to just replace it now. 

I want a gravel racer for exercise / speed in town but it is not enough different from by cyclocross to justify. And I put new wheels on the cyclocross two years ago and I will never wear them out. 

I own two CX and two mountain. I ride 3 miles to the park for some technical riding the CX kills the mountain. Most of a technical ride is not technical and the CX dominates. In the highly technical sections yes the CX is slower but I can typically still ride the section. At a slow speed 5 mph versus 3 mph is still just 2 mph over short period of time. On the road the CX has 3-5 mph advantage the whole time (even with knobby on the CX). 

Use Ramble around town, shopping, training, racing, or touring. 

On the road with same tires going be pretty close between the $1200 CX and the $800 road. With knobby tires the CX is not going to be a good road bike but with knobby tires the road bike is not going to be a good road bike either. 

Off the bike many forms of exercise will help. Yoga and martial arts in particular will help with balance. 

Is it such a good deal that you could sell it for close to what you paid for it? For me that is the easy way. Watch for used bikes. 

That is a toe clip but it is missing the strap. 

You can do so much with a CX bike. If you get a nice one you will keep it the rest of your life. Avoid an aluminum true race CX bike. A steel bike is heavier but has a longer life than aluminum. Look at the Surly Cross Check. No one races a Cross Check - it is just a ballistic commuter. A bit more money but like the steel Salsa Vaya. 

There is stuff CF is not good at. Don't put a rack on a CF. Don't take a hammer or bat or hard object to CF. Don't take a drill to CF. Don't over or under torque bolts. 

On the bike consider mountain biking to help your road technique. A mountain bike with no shocks even better. Once you learn to negotiate rocks, roots, and drop offs then a lot of the low speed stuff that happens on the street seems easy. 

First I would not characterize a $1200 CX as low end. Yes since they are typically sold for race the starting point is around $1200. But overall I would not call that a low end bike. It is going to have solid frame and mid range components. 

At the risk of getting beat up on carbon will give it a try. CF seems to be a sensitive subject. 

A road bike might not be the best bike for you. In a drop bar consider cyclocoss or light touring. Some companies have a drop bar "commuter". They are going to have bigger tires and a bit more upright position. If no other bike feels comfortable then stay with you flat bars. 

Look for mid sized tires (like 32mm). 

As for a max. Unless you are a competition rider it would be hard to justify more than 5. 

That is pretty much what a CX is designed for. They carry nicely as most CX courses have a carry section. If you are going to be road heavy you can get touring tires like 28 - 35 mm. For cobble stone go 35 mm. 

In cyclocross the technique for riding sand is in the saddle, hands up on bars, and head up. The idea is to keep as much weight off the front tire as possible. Keep the font end lite and go with the flow. You will get pushed around and you need to relax and go with it. Hitting the sand with speed helps but you need to be comfortable with sand for that. Even 10 yards in soft sand is lot of work. In a more packed sand I would guess the same technique. Standing does not seem to work very well in sand. 

velocity1 / velocity2 = r1 / r2