To supplement III-AK-III's answer: 

4:172 Never would the Messiah disdain to be a servant of Allah, nor would the angels near [to Him]. And whoever disdains His worship and is arrogant - He will gather them to Himself all together. 

Say, [O Muhammad], "Indeed, I have been commanded to be the first who submits" 

Please refer to the answers to the question What are the readings (qira'at) of Quran? and the papers The Codex Of A Companion Of The Prophet and Sanaa And The Origins Of The Quran. 

You are equating Scientific and Quranic terminology which is wrong. At the time and place of the revelation of the Quran: the planets, the plasma balls they revolve around, comets, moons, meteorites and stellar flares would all be categorized under "stars" and anything that was illuminated could be poetically be called a lamp, regardless of whether the source of the light was atomic fission\fusion, reflection, combustion or something else. 

Its true that most mainstream Christian denominations today and even in the past did not consider Mary to be divine ... but fringe sects have existed that believed that, see Collyridianism for an example. Some of these sects were present in the time of the Prophet Muhammad(p.b.u.h) and interacted with him and so God revealed verses of the Quran regarding their beliefs. Furthermore, in the strict Sunni view at-least, Catholic reverence for and prayer to Mary would fall under the definition of shirk. 

The point is that its not Islam's job to define Christian beliefs and terminology as they evolved and diverged through time and geography. Islam rejects the divinity of any person or being other than Allah, it rejects the divinity of Angels, the Holy Spirit and Mary ... and it rejects the belief that Allah and Jesus are the same person (5:17). 

The Quran mentions the word three as applied to Christian belief in two different places 4:171 and 5:73. Its not explicitly stated what this belief is but in the first instance the Quran goes on to reject the divinity of Jesus and the angels(4:172) ... keep in mind that the Holy Spirit is the Angel Gabriel in Islamic belief. 

The Islamic position is that additions, omissions and distortions have been done to the previous scriptures by the people, and they are not relied upon for any theological purposes because we can't know what is from Allah and what is human corruption; though works of Tafsir (exegesis) and Tarikh (history) quote them as Israelite traditions where they supplement and don't contradict the Quran and Hadith. 

Mark 2:14 As he walked along, he saw Levi son of Alphaeus sitting at the tax collector’s booth. “Follow me,” Jesus told him, and Levi got up and followed him. 

And we have sought [to reach] the heaven but found it filled with powerful guards and burning flames. 

Some said, the Aaron here is Aaron, the brother of Moses. The meaning is that "we took her worship and service (to the Temple) as similar to Aaron, then how could she do that?" Some said that she was called sister of Aaron because she was of his descendants ... Some said that Mary had a (step) brother from a father who was named Aaron, and that the name was common among the tribes of Israel because of Aaron's piety, and this other Aaron was also well known and exemplary devout person of the Children of Israel. 

The established madhab of the Sunnis is that a Muslim who dies on belief but has committed major sins, including murder, may be forgiven by Allah (for the disobedience to Allah, the violation of the victim's rights still needs to be settled on the day of JudgementSee Bukhari): 

Except one who steals a hearing and is pursued by a clear burning flame. 

However the shariah has differed for every ummah (nation) and "Muslim" is also the specific name of the ummah which follows the last shariah. 

The Arabic word used here is similar to the Hewbrew word אָחוֹת (achowth), its usage is explained in Gesenius' Hebrew-Chaldee Lexicon as: 

Below I am quoting two classic tafsirs of 67:5 from Al-Qurtubi and Ibn Kathir. 

Wikipedia on the Presentation of Mary: 

This claim is grounded in tradition and not a modern fabrication. Though as Kilise mentions in the comments, the whole Quran had not been revealed when the verse 39:9 was revealed. 

Regarding abrogation mentioned within the Torah, the following examples are given in Tafsir Qurtubi: 

As far as the beliefs are concerned, they have been the same from Adam through Noah, Abraham, Moses and Jesus to Muhammad and so all of them are "Muslims": (Noah in 10:72, Abraham and his sons and Jacob and his sons in 2:130-132, Joseph in 12:101, Moses in 10:84, the Prophets of Israel in 5:44, Jesus and his disciples in 5:111).