Trivially, newtonian mechanics assume the existence of the planet, of an attractive force called gravitation, and so on. The same for relativity or biology. 

In addition to AW Moore, The Infinite (1990), I suggest also Shaughan Lavine, Understanding the Infinite (1994). 

Regarding gods, we can see the discussion of the accusation that Socrates does not believe in the “the gods the city believes in”, in : Comment: see the discussion [page 5] about "the force of attraction — with which bodies are endowed, in the opinion of English philosophers [the Newtonians] — can easily be disproven." Gravitation is not, according to Euler, an intrinsic property of matter but must be explained in some way: either mechanically (see the Cartesian vortex theory) or by intervention of some external "active power", like in Leibniz. 

I move now to the third property of all matter, as widely acknowledged as the two already mentioned, and which seems much more closely connected to the innermost nature of bodies. I understand that the force of inertia [vis inertiae] was discovered first by Kepler, but then explained by Newton, who derived from it the principles of all mechanics. First of all, we easily represent empty space in three dimensions. Despite the lack of contents, or points of reference, we can visualize it easily, and we understand its geometry implicitly. Given the assumptions about Categories, in Kant, maxims can always be positive. I would argue that they should always be so. But we do not observe one particle as it bounces off one other, we see objects with significant mass collide. The point of Schroedinger's cat is not just that you have not checked, the point is that the cat is killed based on an indeterminate event. 

The most basic mode is the alethic or indicative mode, the 'is' mode. What exists, exists. Your concept of 'absolutely everything' similarly does not apply to things, but only to definitions of things. We can decide that purple unicorns are included in 'absolutely everything', or that they are not depending upon how absolute a meaning 'absolutely' has in our current mood. But that decision is not about purple unicorns, it is about what kind of concept we consider the notion of "purple unicorns" to be. It is really a property of concepts, and not a basic concept itself, applicable to things in general. The extension by Deutsche is unwarranted and almost unrelated. No Turing Machine can compute randomness. There are only so many states, and we will be drawn back into them. So ideas like those behind classical Quantum Theory, etc. are not consistent with Deutsch. In effect, Deutsch is making the same error Nietzsche makes in deducing the Eternal Recurrence, only about non-computability rather than chaotic dynamics. Being arbitrarily close is not being right, and in endless time, eventually the gap with show some effect. 

But we know that science occasionally discards large parts of its basis, and we have seen the departure from Orthodoxy and the logic of Protestantism take apart and reconstitute our religion very effectively, maintaining its purpose throughout. We find these things hard to take, and almost impossible to incorporate into a functioning philosophical outlook that is not nihilistic to the point of being unproductive. Instead of some deeper form of fluid-yet-stable belief that the data calls for, we end up with modern post-modernism which oversimplifies as a matter of course because it feels like there is no reason not to. We also say, or might potentially say, all kinds of things that are verbal content but do not refer to outside stuff "My favorite unicorn is indigo with salmon spots." Conclusion : Therefore, no body can possess the faculty of thought, 

πίστις is a Platonic term, used into Republic, Book VI, 511d-e in the context of the "classification" of knowledge: 

We instantiate 1) with Thought for y having: 3) ¬ [Body(x) & Force(Thought) & Contrary-to-Inertia(Thought) & Possess(x,Thought)] Of course we have some "issue" here : see quantum mechanics, but the scientific community devotes a lot of time and money searching some empirical support to the existence of (e.g.) Higgs' boson. This presuppose some sort of belief in the "reality" of Higss' boson. 

[page 6] However, even though the force of inertia completely excludes all other forces, for the matter at hand I will not assume anything except that two forces diametrically opposed to each other are not able to exist in the same entity. Therefore, since each body is endowed with the force of conservation of state, a contrary force — namely, the force of continual change of state —, cannot be admitted to exist in any body. And the australian metaphysician David Armstrong does it in exactly the same way: 

Philosopher Gonzago Rodriguez-Pereyra defines the very old and well-known "Problem of Universals" thusly: 

Moreover, he calls the belief, held by philosophers like Quine, that the Problem is not really a problem, and that it is a fact that does not require further explanation, 'Ostrich nominalism'. This is because, according to him, dismissing this as a problem means refusing to solve it, like an ostrich would do by sticking its head in the sand. 

I really don't see any kind of incompatibility, while for Armstrong the fact that both propositions are true is, prima facie, a good reason to postulate the existence of a rather bizarre kind of entities (namely, Universals). In fact, he writes However, I still can't manage to see why a is F and b is F both being true is problematic at all. Could you perhaps enlighten me? I've tried by reading books and practically all the SEP/IEP articles on the subject, but these mainly address the solutions, which are hard to understand to someone, like me, who hasn't even got what the problem is all about.