Not the same as another bike but a nice set of lights lets you extend a bike from day time use to day and night. 

The question has been changed since this answer was posted. Assume you are two rocks of same shape and density dropped from mile up. What the is the relative terminal velocity? Once the cable was rerouted you have access to the brake from above so the need for extensions went way down. Common position is on the hoods and brake with 2 fingers. is-having-your-hands-on-the-hoods-of-drop-handlebars-safe-for-braking 

The equipment on a current bike is outdated. It is not worth replacing any major components. Like my cyclocross is not disc. I am going to ride it until it dies but I am not going replace any major components. It takes a really outdated bike to justify retiring a working bike - but if you are just plain not riding it because it is outdated and you would ride a new bike then go for it. 

A full touring bike is probably more than you need unless you are looking to mount racks and also using it for longer rides. And you probably don't want rack or fenders loading it on and off bus and trains. But if you have road bike and if you had mountain bike you would ride just one more day a week then go for it. It does not need to be an expensive bike. 

I would not want to ride any bike that would fail with my weight on the top tube as that is a scenario (crash or drop off) I expect and need it to not fail. 

I prefer the drop bars as more positions and can go into the drops for aerodynamics but most riding is on the hoods. If it jams into the rear wheel it might damage other stuff (like spokes). 

I know it is not cheap but if you are going to try spikes then go for some good tires that come with spikes and save your existing for summer riding. The base is imbedded in the tire so it has an anchor. 

On a cyclocross your CD (drag coefficient is not much different). You are the same basic shape. I am just amazed at the slow acceptance of CF frames. When CF forks first came out there was a lot a questioning. But now CF is the dominant rigid fork. A fork takes a lot of stress from a lot of directions. People think CF is too light to be strong. Should work. Put a new chain on. I get engineers are misunderstood (and certainly under appreciated) but a simple one foot drop landing on the front wheel is going to put more stress on a top tube than your weight. The frame did not even flex in the picture. I would not ride a frame I could not jump on.