If you're really dedicated to including significant amounts of the antagonist's POV, the only ways I see to do it well is for him to either actually be convinced he's X, or for him to be such a dedicated method actor that he habitually thinks of himself as X. It's tricky, but possible to pull off a scenario like that. I would avoid using the antagonist's POV if you want him to remain a mystery. In Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, one of the main characters is referred to throughout as person X, but is eventually revealed as person Y in disguise. This only works (to the extent that it actually does) because the series sticks closely to Harry's POV. 

You have to remember that any time you do speculative fiction, you're inevitably taking on concepts that a great many people find laughable. There are people out there you would lose the moment you said "land of the elves." I, myself, have never been able to get past the fact that nearly everyone in the superhero genre is some overpowered lunk traipsing around in his underwear. That hasn't, however, stopped people from writing any number of successful and (and often deadly serious) books, comics and movies based around that same core conceit. (Nor do they seem to have missed me from their audiences.) The point being, it isn't the premise, it's how you approach it. What you haven't told us is why you, the author, are making a choice that you're personally having trouble taking seriously. To continue with the rabbits example, is it because you want to explore rabbit social structure as extrapolated to intelligent entities? Or because you want to evoke rabbit-like traits? Or because you want them to be underestimated, or their enemies (or the reader) to be astounded? If you have a valid reason for your approach, and you explore it in the story, initial resistance on the part of the reader should diminish --for most people. 

In summary, your readers on reddit want you to not merely showcase your achievements, but also to paint a picture of yourself as humble, hard-working, grateful and realistic --as well as confident. Typically, italics indicate when a word is being used in a non-standard manner. This seems to me the best choice for the examples given. I could see capitalizing if it was being anthropomorphized or used as a title ("The Darkness"), but that doesn't seem to be the case here. For the second statement, "for years" should be placed between commas, and "are" should be "our." 

It's important to remember that the characters live in your head, but they only are present in the reader's consciousness to the extent you place them there through your words. As a writer, I also dislike writing physical descriptions, but as a reader, they are very helpful in helping visualize a character. When a physical description comes in a book after you've already formed a mental image of a character, it can be jarring if it doesn't match. 

This suggested improvement paints you as a person who is grateful for the consideration others show to you, and respectful of those with advanced professional accomplishments. 

I blinked once and twice. Weird. No road. No ZOO entrance. No grandma. In a next second I realized, she is long time dead and I must go to work. Those dreams makes me sad. I really wanted to go to ZOO. 

As @what noted, however, the impact of selling can outweigh both quality and genre appeal, at least in the short term. Therefore my best guess, sight unseen, is that the difference between your friend's paragraphs and yours won't be noticeable (unless his are much better written than yours). 

You could always elide the worst bits because the characters themselves find them too horrible to dwell on. It's worth looking at a few recent controversies around this: When the character "Rue" was played by a black actress in the first Hunger Games movie, there was an outcry, despite the fact that the author of the original book had always envisioned the character as black. She is actually described that way in the book, but subtly enough that many readers missed it. Similarly, Ursula LeGuin's A Wizard of Earthsea was adapted for the screen twice, and both times the dark-skinned main character of the book was re-envisioned as white-skinned, much to the author's displeasure. Again, the descriptive cues are there in the book, but subtle enough that readers missed them.