There are surely many complex and evolving factors in play here. (See e.g. The Sociology and Psychology of Terrorism, Library of Congress, which includes terrorism motivated by religions, including Islam.) But it should be pretty clear that Muslims want terrorism stopped: There's some scientific misconceptions here: People are more likely to believe these patterns are meaningful in books with more mysticism surrounding them. Islam, which is a religion of peace and tolerance, condemns this act and sees this is as a wounding scar on the face of humanity. -- Shaikh Muhammad Yusuf Islahi in response to the September 11 attacks (and many other scholars, Islamic Statements Against Terrorism) War and Peace, and the lyrics to Ice Ice Baby (see John Safran vs. God, episode 7) Pattens have be found in e.g.: The phrase Allahu Akbar being used repeatedly in terrorist attacks (Wikipedia, jihadist usage) which doesn't say anything about egg-shaped. It therefore seems to be an unexpected translation, so I'm puzzled as to how this came about. There's more than one translation that says this, so there may be something I'm unaware of here. So the Quran has been transmitted through the time by oral memorization and recitation on a hand of Scholars beginning with the Sahaba (May Allah be pleased with them) and not through a book (even today), and those who learned the Quran only through books are not accepted as teachers of a reading if their Reading isn't approved by a Sheikh/Scholar who has a direct Narration chain until our Messenger (peace be upon him)! Beside the well known and among Muslims preferred meanings already explained here "The recitation" or "the continuous recitation" there are others one should know: So this means that Quran can't be understood as a standalone source, we need to know how the Prophet (Peace be upon him) practiced it's teaching, therefore some madhabs had a ranking of Sunna in their osol, where the practiced Sunna (ahadith where it is explained what and how the Messenger of Allah (Peace be upon him) used to practice something) is much higher then the verbal Sunna (hadith with verbal orders or prohibitions)! This Verse is as i think very clear about the matter that Sunna (Hadith) is an explanation (often practical) in how the Quran should be understood and as you read the Prophet (peace be upon him)n is asked to explain and teach it to them. Explaining is what we find in the Sunna! Beside that the rulings for Qur'an recitation seem to be different then those of the usual Arabic pronunciation (I've read opposite statements on that topic). This means if you are only familiar with Hafs read it in a Moshaf based on the rulings of Hafs 'an 'Asim and recite it correctly according those rulings: "majreeha/majraeha" with imalah. The Kufi count might have the most Verses because they were the only ones to count the basmallah (bismi Llahi ar-rahmani ar-rahim) as a Verse AFAIK! I assume you are referring to this hadith or this: meaning, in the faith, they did not adhere to the faith sent through their husbands nor accepted their message. Therefore, all the intimate knowledge of their husbands neither helped them nor prevented punishment, hence Allah's statement, For example in Fath al Bary you find the following statement of Makky ibn abi Taleb (514 a.H.): This link provides a chronological order of the Suwar/Surats of the Quran. I have big doubts that the order for surat al-Mudathir is correct, as at least the first verses from it were the 2nd revelation according many sahih hadiths I know. But when we read in books about the uloom-al-quran (the sciences of Qur'an) we find different opinions about the chronological revelation of some Verses or Suwar, for example a not strong opinion is that Surat al-Fatiha was the very first Surah revealed! And the information whether a Surah is Madani or Makki which we find in some Masahif at the beginning of each Surah is just a general hint, because even in a Makki Surah you may find Madani verses and vice versa. And on the other hand (if we get granular) apparently Makki doesn't for sure mean it was revealed before the Hijjra! As specialists can differ between daily and nightly revelation, revelation on a journey etc. so there are Verses that have been revealed while the Messenger of Allah (peace be upon him) was in Mekka (or near Mekka) after the Hijra, but of course in a Mushaf it refers to a Surah of whom most Verses were revealed before the Hijrah! Well, it seems like the verse illuminating lamp is a word by word translation to English. It also seems to refer to the Prophet. This is basically derived by the Arabic word "wos'a" found in this verse: There are many more hadiths and verses in the Quran about this. However, this said, you will find other (mostly modern) scholars interpreting the word to mean "Indeed We are expanding it". You will find some interesting quotes by Razi and Ibn Al-Kathir. What does it even mean to follow the sunnah? Are there any legitimacy in claiming that one should follow the sunnah? Of these two interpretations you get the following possibilities that the verse is referring too: I know of no information which can help us draw conclusions if she continued ruling as a queen or not. I am not even sure what you mean with "information" either, is that limited to ahadith or stories from other faiths/cultures?