Tory Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin's 1924 King's Speech was defeated by 72 votes - he resigned the next morning and Ramsay MacDonald formed the first Labour government...which itself only lasted nine months. 

It's a speech delivered from the throne in the House of Lords chamber that outlines the government's proposed policies and laws that they want to get passed for the new parliamentary session. Every vote for the Conservatives will make me stronger when I negotiate for Britain with the prime ministers, presidents and chancellors of the European Union. Source: http://www.parliament.uk/about/how/occasions/stateopening/ We have the biggest defence budget in Europe and the second largest in NATO. We will continue to meet the NATO commitment to spend at least 2 per cent of GDP on defence and we will increase the defence budget by at least 0.5 per cent above in ation in every year of the new parliament. It's difficult to govern without a mandate. Furthermore, it would make it difficult for her to decide the course for UK's exit from the EU. Since she has chosen a "Hard Brexit", she needs support from the people as the government should represent citizens. 2. Time for the new PM to form a government. It's held on a Thursday so that the new Prime Minister will have enough time on Friday and the weekend to form a government. Afterwards, they will be able to start work on the following Monday, thereby allowing for a smooth transfer of power. 

She also needs a mandate so that she won't be blamed in the future for negotiating such an important deal without having the popular support from the people. 

Cancelling the speech is unusual but not unprecedented as it was also cancelled under the Tory-Lib Dem coalition government in 2011. If the incumbent government loses a motion of no confidence, and 14 days pass without a vote of confidence in any new government formed. The House of Commons votes by a two-thirds majority to hold the election earlier. References: 

Labour will maintain the cross-border security co-operation agreements with our intelligence partners in Europe and beyond. We will always provide our security agencies with the resources and the powers they need to protect our country and keep us all safe. We will also ensure that such powers do not weaken our individual rights or civil liberties. The incumbent Prime Minister also advises the Queen on who to appoint as the next PM. 

No. Although there is a petition system in the United Kingdom, where such a petition is already being made, it is not binding. 

Also, keep in mind that a debate about a petition in the parliament is just that: a debate. It does not mean there will be a vote if the petition will be made a law. Online petition written by political laypeople rarely fulfill the formal requirements for an actual bill anyway. 

Edward VIII, however, had no children yet when he wanted to marry Wallis Simpson. That means his heir would have come from a twice divorced woman (and an American and lowborn, to boot), which would have been the big scandal the prime ministers wanted to avoid. However, in 2002 the Church of England liberated their stance and allows divorced to remarry at the discretion of the priest. The marriage between Charles and Camilla was in 2005, and the church gave permission to it. 

Because granting these privileges is within the authority of the EU. Either the EU commission can do it themselves or they can ratify it through the democratically legitimized parliament. They do not need to ask the European public for every single change to the union treaty. Even forming the union in the first place wasn't ratified through a referendum in most EU states.