Based on exit polls, or reputable (as defined by passing Nate Silver's muster) pre-election polling, is there any data which would indicate what the split was in D/R voting among US citizens who don't pay any federal income taxes, in 2012 federal elections? 

While technically, "traitor" doesn't seem legally applicable given the known facts, the following may have been the reason (as well as identities of 5 prisoners, see below): 

I'm open to answers covering any timeframes starting from 1917, but the emigration must be only during the time period when the state was actually socialist according to Wiki timeline, e.g. post-1993 Russia does not count. 

Yes, in an ideal world, libertarians prefer unlimited immigration (citations to position statements trivial to find so I'll skip them). 

Another wrinkle is that #4 was supported in USA at least in part because any foreign adventures would be against Nazi Germany, and not out of ideological isolationism. 

If you are willing to sacrifice #5 (no anti-Semitism/racism), a second best fit for you would be some sort of real fascist party (Charles Lindbergh type people, not the fact that typical Democrats are calling GOP Nazis). 

If they feel like the election outcome is threatened by said alleged fraud, they will be more motivated to work to elect him (volunteer, donate, make sure people turn out to vote). 

The complication arises when you deal with racism. 

However, is there a clear indication that you can validly technically state that an action that has not yet been challenged in court is ""constitutional"? 

And something his ego greatly desires as well. 

Don't let "five members" wording lull you into thinking "Big deal!". The five were: 

Judging by both the context and the time of the tweet (1 Nov 2014): 

I'm not asking if it's politically feasible, or how likely it's to happen. Merely if the idea is even technically/legally plausible. 

Some people on the right associate "Fake News" with things like Walter Durante's whitewashing of Stalin, and Dan Rathergate at CBS; as opposed to some articles on Facebook. 

“This December will mark three years since United Nations inspectors last visited Iraq. There is no doubt that since that time, Saddam Hussein has reinvigorated his weapons programs. Reports indicate that biological, chemical and nuclear programs continue apace and may be back to pre-Gulf War status. In addition, Saddam continues to refine delivery systems and is doubtless using the cover of a licit missile program to develop longer- range missiles that will threaten the United States and our allies.” — From a December 6, 2001 letter signed by Bob Graham, Joe Lieberman, Harold Ford, & Tom Lantos among others 

If you are willing to sacrifice #2 and to a large extent #5, you are on board with most of progressive left (socialists, communists, Greens, left wing of Democrats). 

The high level reason is fairly simple. DNC poses more of a threat to libertarian ideals and way of life than GOP. 

He also used them against Iran in Iraq-Iran war. 

OK, there are different alternatives, none of which is a full fit, and most of which don't actually represent any viable (or even registered) party in modern USA. 

This view of mass media as being partisan and untrustworthy was popular among Republicans well before Trump's entrance to political arena (and accounted for a big reason of popularity of Fox News cable channel, which positioned itself as "not liberal biased" from the start). 

By "owned", I mean "practical" ownership. This is commonly defined as the three of four property rights: 

“The threat of Saddam Hussein with weapons of mass destruction is real, but as I said, it is not new. It has been with us since the end of that war, and particularly in the last 4 years we know after Operation Desert Fox failed to force him to reaccept them, that he has continued to build those weapons. He has had a free hand for 4 years to reconstitute these weapons, allowing the world, during the interval, to lose the focus we had on weapons of mass destruction and the issue of proliferation.” — John Kerry, October 9, 2002