Generally this process is called prothesis when it occurs at the start of a word (epenthesis occurs between two sounds). This process did indeed involve the addition of a vowel to the start of words with these clusters. Middle English had both dure and dor; form dore predominated by 16c., but was supplanted by door. I have a two-part question about the pronunciation of hygiene in English. The usual pronunciation, as shown by a variety of online dictionaries accessible from OneLook Dictionary Search, is /ˈhaɪdʒiːn/ (Merriam-Webster also lists /haɪˈdʒiːn/). This is interesting because I know of no other English word of Greek origin where ie represents /iː/ (setting aside plurals ending in -ies for people with happy-tensing). The words concúpiscent, concúpiscence, concúpiscible seem to be irregularly stressed (at least, according to their dictionary pronunciations; regularized pronunciations apparently have been heard "in the wild") when compared to words like reminíscent(-ce), dehíscent(-ce), oblivíscible, immíscible, permíscible, not to mention a lot of other words with -éscent(-ce). –Lexical Template Morphology: Change of State and the Verbal Prefixes in German, by B. Roger Maylor, from 2002 The phones [dʒ] and [tʃ] are both fairly common, as far as affricates go. Voiced obstruents are generally less common than voiceless ones, and [dʒ] is less common than [tʃ]. I found the following article that describes some phonetic reasons for this tendency for sibilant affricates in particular: Phonetic explanations for the infrequency of voiced sibilant affricates across languages. Nonetheless, [dʒ] is still not really rare. Has anyone attempted to do so? However, it does state that this has been extensively discussed and has some citations to these previous papers, so I'll look through those next. Also from Wiktionary, I found a claim that Gothic at least allowed stacking of pre-verbs in such a way as to place them word-internally (and this seems to be backed up by other sources such as Phrasal Verbs: The English Verb-Particle Construction and its History by Stefan Thim): [...] The fact that decorum is stressed on the penult, and exodus on the antepenult, is a fact about each of these words that must be memorized separately (unless one is already familiar with the Classical quantities, and in the former case, additionally with the fact that decus -ŏris n. with short -o- syllable became in late Latin decus/decor -ōris m. with long -o- syllable: 'Dómine, diléxi decórem domus tuæ'). Both "poor" /pʊər/ and "doom" /duːm/ represent regular developments of pre-GVS /oː/ in modern standard English. The difference is in fact the context. The vowel /ʊə/ is the normal reflex before an /r/, and the vowel /uː/ is the normal reflex in other contexts (in fact, when dealing with a dialect that still retains syllable-final /r/, it's possible to analyze [ʊə] as simply an allophone of /u/). So [dʒ] does exist for some speakers of German, although it sounds like it can be considered marginal. (I don't know if this is a perfect analogy, since I don't speak German, but you might compare its status to /x/ in English words like loch and Bach.) The voiceless sound [tʃ] (usually written tsch) has a more stable pronunciation and is more common, but I've read that even [tʃ] is rare in German compared to other sounds such as [ts]. A is true and B is true A is true and B is false A is false and B is true However, in ordinary English, "A, unless B" seems to additionally imply "if B is true, A is not true". Clearly the author means instead for "A, unless B" to represent "if B is true, A may or may not be true", but that is an extremely unfortunate definition of the word "unless" in my opinion. Fricative sounds like "s" or "f" are generally considered to lie in between these two types of sound in sonority. So by this theory, we should expect the most natural clusters with "s" to be clusters like "sla" and "psa"; a consonant cluster like that in "spa" has the sounds "the wrong way around" in terms of the sonority hierarchy; the cluster is to some degree an exception to the general principle, which might explain why it was made easier to pronounce by inserting a vowel before it in Vulgar Latin. It does seem to me that for many English speakers, penult stress is the default for pronouncing foreign words. For example, in the Anglicized pronunciation of words from Japanese, Japanese pitch-accent seems to be totally ignored, and penult stress is common (but not universal; see "samurai," "tycoon," and some pronunciations of "haiku" for counterexamples). Has there been any linguistic research that confirms this idea? If so, do we have any idea of the conditions under which this tendency applies to the pronunciation of a word (does it depend on apparent language of origin, phonological structure, analogy to other specific English words with the same spelling) and how long it has been active historically? Infinitives are rather different in different languages, and some languages, like Bulgarian, don't have infinitives at all. In some languages infinitives have a special suffix and are easily recognized, e. g. in Russian the most typical infinitival suffix is -ть, like in писать 'to write', читать 'to read', etc. In English the infinitives are in most cases marked by the infinitival particle 'to' (to-infinitive), but sometimes they are not (bare infinitive), still the list of cases when they are not mark is pretty short. The English unmarked infinitives follow another verb. Here is the list of the verbs that are always followed by an unmarked infinitive, infinitives are marked in bold: The nine defective verbs: can, could, shall, should, will, would, may, might, must: I cannot do that. The verb 'let': Let me help you. The verb 'help': He helps me do my homework. (Nowadays many use the to-infinitive after 'help'.) The verb 'make' in the meaning 'to cause': He made me cry. The verb 'do' (Past 'did') used to form questions, negative sentences, and emphatic sentences in the Present Simple Tense and in the Past Simple Tense: Do you know him? (question), I don't know him. (negative), I do know him! (emphatic); After 'needn't': You needn't go there. Unlike many languages, the English infinitive has different forms, 4 for an intransitive verb (they don't have Passive forms), and 6 for a transitive one. English infinitives can change for voice (Active: to write, Passive: to be written), for aspect (Non-Continuous: to write, Continuous: to be writing), for perfectness (Non-Perfect: to write, Perfect: to have written), and there are Perfect-Continuous infinitives: to have been writing. So, you got it wrong, the infinitives can change after the grammar categories.