I can only hypothesise about the origin of the root un- "one" in counting, but Wikipedia on Sexagesimal offers this interesting bit of information: Hebrew is an Afro-Asiatic language, whereas Proto-Germanic is an Indo-European language. We don't know of any relation between these two language families: if there is any, it is shrouded in the mists of remote prehistory. Barring very strong evidence to the contrary, any similarity between a Hebrew word and a Germanic word must therefore be ascribed to coincidence. From the literature, I get the impression that this is a complicated and possibly unsolved issue. Three relevant sources I found but don't have time to analyse now: Spanish and Italian split off from their common ancestor Latin a short time ago, no more than, say, 1500 years ago, so they still look very much alike. There was also much contact between them, and hence more borrowings and mutual influence. This does not apply to the Germanic and Italic branches of Proto-Indo-European, whose oldest common ancestor existed over 5000 years ago; and the two branches generally didn't undergo much reciprocal influence either. Apparently, there is something in our brains or speech apparatus that makes certain sounds less "easy" or pleasant to pronounce in combination with other forms as part of a phonological system (a language), or less easy to remember subconsciously. We are then inclined to various degrees to change pronunciation in a way that renders it closer to our common speech patterns. Do you have any information about the origin of the Hebrew word? Probably from a paper by Gamkrelidze and Ivanov, “The Early History of Indo-European Languages” in Scientific American of March 1990. In a/the language of Africans, the star named "crab", or, as some would have it, "scorpion". Ernoud & Meillet (1985) on domo ("domus and domo are not related; domus is unrelated to the root *dem(ə2)- 'build'"): The (unattested) Latin form was *habibilis, as mentioned by Sihler and noted by Tom Recht below. In classical Latin, this had been shortened to habilis, as it often happens with double syllables (called haplology). The h- had disappeared in certain French forms and dialects by the time the word was borrowed by English, and -lis regularly evolved into -le in French, resulting in English acquiring the word able. The Latin roots of the English word able are: The German branch (English, German, etc.) and the Italic branch (Latin, Spanish, Italian, etc.) of the Indo-European languages each split off from Proto-Indo-European, their common ancestor. This probably happened There is no other relation between the two branches (except reciprocal borrowings and influence). Both come/come and how come from the same Proto-Indo-European root (probably something like **kʷo-*, ), but they went through different phonological changes in the mean time, so they look very different now. He then proceeds to give a quotation from Plautus, where nepa is used metaphorically for an animal that could be either a kind of crab or a (water) scorpion. So how did a word related to "one" come to mean "one twelfth"? Meillet doesn't know: Nepida "water-scorpion-like" (apparently coined by Leach in 1818) comes from classical Latin nepa(s), meaning "scorpion" or "crab". The water scorpion or nepa is currently a genus under the family of nepidae, which in turn fall under the infraorder of nepomorpha; according to Wikipedia, it was so named or classified by Linnaeus himself in 1758. A map of the spread of the different Indo-European branches, from Wikipedia. Blue is Italic, Red is Germanic. Grey areas are mostly non-Indo-European. so perh. ὀ. σαββάτων "after the sabbath day", Ev.Matt.28.1.— It is possible that the -ilis part in -bilis is related to the separate suffix -ilis as used in habilis, but I cannot find a definitive etymology for -bilis. Unless we could prove that Hebrew borrowed it from Latin or Proto-Indo-European, or that Hebrew had the same morphemes, I think it is safest to assume that this is a coincidence, as it is usually the case with resemblances across different linguistic families. All etymological dictionaries (Walde, Meillet) say that uncia is derived from Proto-Indo-European **oi-nos*, "one", the same stem as Latin unus, "one", and English one/an. (This stem at some point replaced in many languages the older stem used for "one", sem-, as reflected in English (through Latin) simple, single, simultaneous, etc.) Walde on uncia suggests that its original meaning was "unit": The phenomenon you describe may be (adjacent) metathesis, which is not infrequent in phonology. Metathesis means "swapping". In linguistics, adjacent or local metathesis refers to the swapping of two adjacent sounds at some point in phonological developments. As to why it happens, I know of no formal explanation. It can be seen that this is in certain circumstances a natural inclination in us humans by the frequency with which (non-Italian) children pronounce spaghetti as pasghetti; the cause is that ps- does not normally occur in many languages, such as English and Dutch. Languages tend to sometimes transform borrowed foreign words to conform to native phonology (sound patterns). It just so happened that an uncia was taken as 1/12th of an as, which was the central coin of the new Roman system introduced ca. 280 BC and based on the older system of the aes grave ("signed bronze"), where one unit of aes grave equalled twelve unciae, small "pellets" of bronze. Note that the weight represented by the uncia was also an important quantity that was often used, so uncia and as were the two main coins, and also the smallest and the largest, respectively. As a unit of weight, uncia was also used outside coins. Coins like the denarius, worth ten asses, were only introduced later; the word de-n-arius simply means something like "tenner" (cf. English de-cimal).