At one time it used to be common for publishers to help an author work through revisions, but it is extremely rare these days, when publishers typically expect fully polished work. The one book I was personally able to place with a major publisher went through a number of major revisions with a sympathetic editor (who unfortunately retired soon after). If you can develop an relationship with one, I would see this as a big plus. 

In general, there is no path to success in any field that doesn't require hard work, persistence and initiative. Successful self-publishers are usually wonderful self-promoters, which seems unlikely to be your particular strength just based on what you have told us. 

Writing professionally (particularly fiction) is very difficult --it's not a particularly "practical" career choice, so I wouldn't necessarily advise making it into a "practical" decision. In other words, if you want to write manga, don't write a book just because you think it will be easier --it won't be. If you're going to take a chance on a writing career, it might as well be the type of writing you love best. You're also unlikely to be good at creating a type of artwork you don't enjoy consuming. 

Royalties and advance: This is standard for legitimate traditional publishers of fiction and prestige non-fiction. The author is paid an advance (typically small, unless the author is extremely well-known) based on the publisher's estimate of how many copies they will eventually sell. The author is also paid a certain amount per book sold (10% is relatively typical, although that must be split in the case of multiple authors or an author/illustrator combo) --this is known as royalties. However, no royalties are paid until the initial advance has been entirely covered. In some cases the advance must be paid back if the royalties never cover it. 

As to why the older forms have been losing out to free verse --it's probably for the same reason that modernism took over in the world of art. The old styles had been thoroughly explored, and people felt like they weren't saying anything new anymore. With that said, the best free verse poets are typically well-steeped in the old forms, just as the best modernist artists were trained as realists. And just as with art, there will always be an audience for anyone whose work is extraordinary good, no matter what style they choose to work in. 

A) Books on technical aspects of presenting and selling your writing. Writing a book proposal, query letter, or screenplay in the correct and expected format can be a big gatekeeper. Every once in a while, someone will break the rules and make it out of the slush pile that way, but the odds favor doing it the standard way. People are looking for creativity in your writing, not usually in your presentation (unless you're pitching a novelty book). Make sure the (writing) book is current, and that the writer has a track record of success. 

There's also a steep learning curve on much of this work. A lot of people think they can take out some ads and spend their way into a best-seller. But when is the last time you read a book based on an ad? You have to be able to distance yourself from the book and put yourself in the book buyer's shoes. How did you find your last great book? Because of a good review in the New York Times? Because it was placed front and center at Barnes & Nobles? Because your brother recommended it? Can you ensure any one of those promotional opportunities for your book? If not, then you yourself wouldn't buy it. And distribution itself is a full-time career, not a hobby.