The second way that we could support (2) would be to appeal to conceivability/possibility arguments. Suppose you don't buy the autism case in the case of humans. Ok. If it is conceivable without contradiction that there exist any kind of subject (aliens, God, whatever) that does not encounter an other, then it is possible to be a subject without encountering an other, just as (2) says. 

The implied answer of the question is: "They can't." Nobody who believes in qualia should count as a physicalist, but rejecting physicalism is not the same thing as rejecting the causal closure of the physical world. Rejecting closure isn't just rejecting physicalism, it's opening the door back up to straightforward substance dualism where my mental properties cause physical events by pushing my pineal gland around or something. 

(3) Therefore, encountering the other is not a condition of the possibility of subject hood. 

Edit I've received several down votes on this answer, which surprises me, since my answer is clearly correct. 

Qualia are supposed to be (by definition) not the causes of any physical events, hence there is no way that they could enter into evolutionary or any other kinds of scientific explanation of a phenomenon. For instance, imagine there were ghosts which simply couldn't cause any events in the physical world--couldn't rattle any chains, nor even appear to anybody to scare them. Such ghosts could not even in principle enter in to any scientific account of a phenomenon. 

(3) follows from (1) and (2) by modus ponens, so the argument is valid. It looks sound to me as well. 

The answer is "Not at all." The problem of other minds is a metaphysical and epistemological question: "How do I know that there are other minds?" I can directly observe behavior of other humans, but to infer mentality from behavior in the case of others is to make an inference, and therefore the question arises whether the inference is a good one. I would also be surprised if any argument like this had ever been published in the Levinas literature either---continental papers don't tend to criticize the great names in the canon, or object to their theses, or try to defend those theses from the objections of others. I'd be happy for somebody cite me an article to show I'm wrong in this case. I would love for people who are still down voting to explain in the comments exactly what kind of evidence they think would be necessary to prove the claim at issue here. Remember, the issue at stake is not the empirical question, "Do psychological states have causal powers?" but rather "Could qualia, those theoretical posits whose properties are stipulated by their use in the philosophy of mind of David Chalmers, Frank Jackson, et al., have causal powers?" Let me expand upon why I think the metaphysical claims that the encounter with the Other being a transcendental condition of the possibility of your own subjecthood is implausible. Doing so might help explain why analytic philosophers aren't inclined to think "the Other", as Lacan and Levinas describe it, is in fact a useful category at all. 

We can support (2) in two different ways. First, by thinking of the case of severely autistic people. Autism is a spectrum disorder that involves impairment to one 'theory of mind' i.e. with one's ability to recognize and perceive that other people are people, as opposed to mere objects. At the far end of that spectrum, it looks like we have individuals who genuinely could not ever "encounter an other". Such individuals tend to suffer a number of really heart-breaking impairments, but it is obviously absurd to say that they aren't subjects at all. 

(1) If encountering an other is a condition of the possibility of subjecthood, then you can't be a person without encountering the other.