I do not consider complex numbers artifically defined. And for me it is not necessary to legitimate complex exponentiation by reduction via exp(iz) = cos z + i sin z to trigonometric functions. I consider it a deep insight of Gauss that solely by introducing a single imaginary number 'i', complex numbers derive as z = x + iy and each polynomial gets as many zeros as the degree of the polynomial indicates. In my opinion, all Platonic ideas and also numbers are formed by abstraction: From "two bottles, two persons, two trees" we abstract to the number Two. 

There are few examples of persons active in both disciplines mathematics and philosophy. The two most eminent are Leibniz and Russell. 

In all mathematical theories all experts obtain consensus about the validity of the theorems of an axiomatized theory. But the theories differ and sometimes the Pros/Cons of a theory are debated. E.g., there are two-valued logics and many-valued logic and fuzzy logic and etc. It's not the question about the validitiy of the theorems of the theory. At most it is a question which axioms should be taken as beginning. 

Cantor rejected infinitesimals because the product of an infinitesimal with a fixed, finite non-zero remains infinitesimal. The Archimedean axiom does not hold in Omega_QQ. Hence - according to Cantor - infinitesimals do not represent the length of any line; they are no "linear numbers". In addition, Cantor considered the multiplication of infinitesimals with transfinite ordinal; but it remains unclear how Cantor thought this multiplication to operate. 

This is as general a statement of the theorem as you can get. Note that Kleene - in your quotation - is talking about the semantic version of the theorem. What Godel originally proved however involved no semantic notions such as truth, arithmetical truth etc. Whether or not you can see/recognize/acknowledge G as true depends on the semantic/intensional understanding of G - it is a common misconception that Godel wanted to prove the limitations of arithmetical truth. The background he was working against was Hilbertian formalism - so his primary concern was to demonstrate the purely syntactic limitations of formal systems. So, in full syntactic generality, (G1T) says (informally) that no approriate manipulation of symbols in any formal system complicated enough to contain some arithmetic will end up with G. It is, according to Wittgenstein, a paradigmatically philosophical conceit to put distance between a rule (viewed in abstraction) and the understanding of a rule. Only in philosophy are we tempted to talk like this: in reality (i.e. in language games that arise naturally in our form of life) rules are followed in the same way that commands are carried out, viz. as a reaction to prompts and ostensive definitions carried out in a shared form of life (what in our case we may call a shared 'linguistic environment'.) This is what Wittgenstein means when he says that by "interpretation" we should understand simply alternative ways of expressing (as opposed to understanding) the same rule. 

Any effectively axiomatized formal system that extends a very basic theory of formal arithmetic called Robinson Arithmetic (Q) will contain an undecidable sentence. In full generality, you can state the syntactic version of the First Incompleteness Theorem as follows: