The following Wikipedia map shows the time frame for different regions: This phenomenon occurs in many varieties of English, but doesn't got as for as neutralising the contrast. The transcription that @Wilson gives ([t͡ʃɹi]) captures this reasonably well. This might be a consequence of the backward movement of the tongue after [t] during which it passes the place of articulation of [ʃ]. 

Influence of Polish on varieties of German spoken in the Ruhr region has been documented, but this influence was more restricted in time. There was Polish migration to the Ruhr region in western Germany in the 19th c., and influence also seems to be restricted to some lexical items. 

An exception to this rule are adjective-noun combinations that are treated as one unit, and the adjective carries the main stress: 1) Does this stress pattern strike anyone else as remarkable, or is it just me? (2) More importantly, I couched my question in terms of markedness because I think it's a relatively uncontroversial concept, but it's really not central to my question. I'm asking whether there are phonemes that are acquired very late or never by a substantial number of speakers, whether you want to call them marked or articulatorily complex or challenging or hard. Answers should if possible be empirically sound such as quantitative claims from surveys, personal experience from teaching, child-rearing etc., with references where appropriate. 

If this stress pattern is something more than just ordinary contrastive focus, references would be appreciated (but not strictly necessary ;) This is, incidentally, also the way many learners of German with Polish as first language pronounce these vowels. These rounded vowels do not exist in Polish. 

Note that I don't mean cases where there are differences between vernaculars and the standard languages and some speakers acquire the standard imperfectly (such as th-stopping in some English dialects, or the pharyngealised consonants present in Modern Standard Arabic but not in many Arabic dialects). I have noted this stress pattern in a number of examples, and my impression is that it's more common in American than in British English. Each of them might be interpreted contrastively. In the second example the speaker seems to imply that Chinese food is somehow more fun or enticing than, say, Italian food. Similarly, in the first example that information that the speaker is talking about black men, not white men seems to be key. 

As such, the phenomenon is one of co-articulation and not a phonological process. So an onset /t͡ʃɹ/ (which might be spelled chr if it weren't for the confusion with /kɹ/ as in Christmas) is still illegal in English phonotactics. However, over time this co-articulatory process may become so common that it is phonologised and the contrast is neutralised. 

There are different syllabification methods, and none of them is universally accepted (also, we have only talked about English here). You say you are interested in syllabification from a phonetic point of view (but your description of the question was in phonological terms). Q: Can anybody confirm Polish influence on (East) German dialects, in general and in particular for these vowels? English-speaking children frequently do not acquire /θ/ and /ð/ until age 5 or later. Please support your answers with scholarly references. 

Can this kind of variation be called allophonic? Are any and all acoustic differences between two realisations of a given phoneme, no matter how minor, grounds for labeling the two realisations as two separate allophones as opposed to instances of the same allophone that "display some minor acoustic differences"? 

I have found literature on marked phonemes in a rage of languages, but not much on the age of acquisition of marked phonemes in different languages. Also, I have heard that the trilled /r/ present in Spanish and other languages is acquired very late and that some teachers think children often need help to properly acquire this sound - but this seemed rather unlikely to me if only for the reason that trilled /r/ appears to occur in a good number of languages and claims that children need "help" in acquiring their first language sound more like a difference between dialect and standard and teachers' desire to make their students use standard language. 

This is also possible. Basically, intensity peaks (which are very loud) are syllable nuclei, and intensity troughs (which are very soft) are syllable boundaries (if the loudness difference reaches a certain minimal threshold). But this will likely not help you address your pedagogical concerns. The maximum onset principle (MOP) 

However, I've also noted this stress pattern with other examples (the links are to Youtube videos): 

Example: Should /r/ in very belong to the first, hence /ˈvɛr.i/, or the second syllable /ˈvɛ.ri/ 4) Has this stress pattern become more frequent in the last decades or so? 

Marked phonemes are those that require more effort during articulation or are "harder" to articulate. For example, the interdental fricatives /θ/ and /ð/ are considered to be marked. Marked phonemes are