Back to the broader question of computer simulations: The epistemic value of computer simulations doesn't come from the fact that they are physical processes. Computer simulations are a tool for solving mathematical problems. We have already assumed that a given real world phenomena is accurately represented by a given theoretical/mathematical model, now we are just using the computer to perform the calculations based on the model - presumably because they are too complex to perform by hand. To answer your specific question about quantum computers: Richard Feynman when he originally proposed quantum computers in 1981, clearly indicated that they would be universal quantum simulators, see Section 4 of his paper on the talk (Feynman, R.P "Simulating Physics with Computers" - International Journal of Theoretical Physics, VoL 21, Nos. 6/7, 1982). But does it? Consider the number of philosophers who say science is not everything - or even those of the Frankfurt school, who saw scientific thinking as having been harmful in many ways to humanity. You have to be careful about what Carnap and other logical positivists are trying to do. They are not trying to prove a linguistic point about grammar and meaning. They are trying to prove an epistemological point about how language and meaning connect to the world, as expressed in their famous verification principle. The verification principle states that the only statements that are meaningful are those of logic and those that can be verified empirically. Let me illustrate: Intuitively, there is a clear difference between knowing something and understanding something. We speak of someone 'getting' or 'internalizing' a concept, of developing a 'gut feeling' for something, etc... And yet those who subscribe to the computational theory of mind and those who support strong AI don't seem to draw a difference between knowing and understanding (Fodor's LOTH, the Turing test and more recent variations - such as having a computer being able to verbally relate the content of a video that it has just recorded). From such theories of the mind, it seems sufficient for there to be a proper mapping between propositions and facts from the outside world. But the question you asked might be the one case where it would be justified to invoke Quantum Strangeness: One might be able to reconcile a universe governed by the laws of science with a god having the ability to intervene at will in its course of affairs by allowing the deity to intervene via quantum indeterminacy. The randomness of quantum outcomes might be the one place where a deity could nudge the universe into the direction it wanted to move in. The reason why I think Russell's monism is relevant to your question, is that the only way it would make sense to speak of a "real" ontology of properties is if one takes the stance that the fundamental constituents of nature are relations, not substances - see also structural realism. Then it becomes possible for different classes of relations (according to different levels of complexity) to have distinct "real" ontologies. To put another way: if relations are what the world is really made of, then differences between classes of relations are ontologically real differences, not mere abstract differences as you put it. The short answer is: Science, for all of its problems, still works better than anything else. If you are sick do you go to a priest, a guru or to a scientifically trained doctor? If you need to make a decision about what to wear tomorrow, who do you ask for advice, the meteorologist or your horoscope reading? Which ones do you trust, and why? See here for details. David Chalmers described this as the "Hard Problem of Consciousness" (Chalmers, David (1995). "Facing Up to the Problem of Consciousness". Journal of Consciousness Studies 2 (3): 200–219.): Where Kant would diverge from those who adopt the the self-representational theory of consciousness, is that he sees our self-awareness, or reflexiveness, as leading to free-will, whereas the self-representational models don't require or imply freewill at any point. Indeed many from that school believe that we don't have freewill in the traditional sense at all, they are all either compatibilists or hard determinists. A version of your solution to the brain in the vat problem was proposed by Daniel Dennett in the opening chapters of his book "Consciousness Explained" (Chapter 1 - How are hallucinations possible? - Section 1 - The brain in a vat). On the opposite side of the spectrum, you have Thomas Nagel, who wrote an article called "What's it like to be a bat?". He starts from the fact that we have no way of figuring out what the thoughts and emotions of bats are, because they are just too darn different from us. Based on this, he concludes that consciousness is irreducibly subjective and cannot be brought to a materialist/physicalist explanation. Ultimately, he arrives at a dualist position, meaning that for him, thoughts and consciousness require some dualistic mental substance to exist, even in animals. Regardless of whether the L.P program failed completely or not, it's influence on philosophy in general and analytical philosophy in particular cannot be denied. One can argue that although the verification principle itself has challenges, the spirit of L.P with its emphasis on clarity and rigor has been passed on to subsequent schools of thought. Per Quine's results from "Two Dogmas of Empiricism", the Duhem-Quine thesis, and later results such as those of Kuhn and Feyerabend, all empirical observations are theory laden. Even widely accepted facts such as the Earth is round or the Earth revolves around the Sun are dependent on theories and presuppositions, and any theory can be supported by any set of facts provided additional auxiliary hypotheses are added to reconcile them with each other.