There is also an image/ chart on the site. It is also shown on the Nazi concentration camp badge, which has quite a bit of other info concerning these markings. 

So this historian believes the shame over the revelation of the massacre at Katyn, as well as conditions in the camp, finally accumulated to the point where Yakov couldn't take it any more. 

It seems the best argument for the suicidal aspect of his death is presented by this report from The Telegraph:Revealed: how Stalin's brutal massacre at Katyn shamed his PoW son into suicide. Some of the same elements are involved such as the electric fence, and the disputes with British officers. But the main gist of this article is the suicide aspect of the 'attempted escape', and its speculation over the cause: 

I don't see a problem characterizing Hiroshima, in the radio address of Aug 9, as a military base. (on a side note, if you ask someone in the military where they were stationed, a typical reply might be 'San Diego' for instance-not 'Naval Base San Diego') In the radio address I doubt there was any thought that the public would have any idea where or what Hiroshima was. The term 'a military base' is just descriptive. 

The second statement, that Spain was overlooked, is flatly not true as will be demonstrated once we look at the text of the agreements and the historical arguing about what to do with Spain. 

Other loses were due to friendly fire, collisions and a large storm which swept through June 19th to 25th. 

(c) to form interim governmental authorities broadly representative of all democratic elements in the population and pledged to the earliest possible establishment through free elections of Governments responsive to the will of the people; and 

Bismarck was used as a commerce raider because she could destroy most British ships before they could even get in range and run from the rest. Prinz Eugen was the only available consort. But they were caught by equally fast and powerful units of the British Navy sent to find them, the Hood and the Prince of Wales, and forced to fight. 

The Il-2 "flying tank" was a revolutionary dedicated ground attack aircraft. Heavily armed and armored, it could (and was) flown by crews with little training. 42,000 Il-2 (and variants) where made making it the most produced military aircraft design in history. 

The minesweeping process of the time involved cutting loose the mines and then detonating them on the surface with gunfire.But again the bombing taking place might cover any detonations. (Image from wikipedia) 

So there appears to be no shortage of reports of Truman's piano use at the conference. 

One of the most prominent feminists to champion the eugenic agenda was Margaret Sanger, the leader of the American birth control movement. Margaret Sanger saw birth control as a means to prevent unwanted children from being born into a disadvantaged life, and incorporated the language of eugenics to advance the movement 

So bottom line is that there would be little or nothing militarily to gain by such a construction. 

(Note this is a large pdf file (887 pgs), so be patient on loading.) 

Concerning the possibility of Truman being deceived concerning the nature of this target let's take a look at this quote from the page on the target selection: 

It seems the best argument for the suicidal aspect of his death is presented by this report from The Telegraph:Revealed: how Stalin's brutal massacre at Katyn shamed his PoW son into suicide. Some of the same elements are involved such as the electric fence, and the disputes with British officers. But the main gist of this article is the suicide aspect of the 'attempted escape', and its speculation over the cause: