In all probably or even definitely Allah will torture you if you delay your marriage in order to getting a higher degree! Although it is Okay to get a higher degree, but getting married (actually as an order of Allah) would be so more important than PhD. And indeed the actual earning of getting PhD is not worth in comparing with getting married. Furthermore, you ought not to be afraid of the poverty (if you have not a high property), since according to the Surah An-Nur: 32 

Non-Muslims totally are of two kinds: 

As @bleeding Fingers mentioned, totally there are some conditions beside the matter such as how many times ... and so forth. 

In the name of Allah, the most compassionate, the most merciful With respect to your second question that you inquired if so, and he claimed he said it out of anger, what he should do, then your marriage won’t be valid anymore. And eventually with respect to your third question, I ought to mention that as I illustrated above, it is considered as a void marriage, Since (according to Shia Islam) it is not a valid marriage. Thus, rationally there mustn't be the necessity to divorce… As soon as possible, attempt to get married with a good religious woman who could have much Islamic and positive effect on your practices. Of course don't forget that your marriage ought to be Islamic, not.. Initially let’s see what is considered as 3Talaqah (3-divorced) from the view of Shia. Apparently, from the viewpoint of Shiite, 3-Talaqah ought to be performed in three separated times. Actually it doesn’t mean that it would be happened if you repeat it 3 times. In regards to your last matter that asked "can you be married lawfully but remain in parents house then when you can support her (which you should try ASAP) then tell parents? Subsequently, there couldn't be seen any obstacle at the mentioned issue. 

We cannot deny the mentioned issue accordingly. But people ought to pay heed that we cannot always attribute it to the magic, since there could be many other natural items and problems in daily life which are related to that. Of course, I didn’t precisely find if “there is an Islamic way to find out if Sihr is involved?”, however I can term some solution in order to removing its magic (if their problems are really related to the magic). E.g. And they followed [instead] what the devils had recited during the reign of Solomon. It was not Solomon who disbelieved, but the devils disbelieved, teaching people magic and that which was revealed to the two angels at Babylon, Harut and Marut. But the two angels do not teach anyone unless they say, "We are a trial, so do not disbelieve [by practicing magic]." And [yet] they learn from them that by which they cause separation between a man and his wife. But they do not harm anyone through it except by permission of Allah. And the people learn what harms them and does not benefit them. But the Children of Israel certainly knew that whoever purchased the magic would not have in the Hereafter any share. And wretched is that for which they sold themselves, if they only knew. (102) (Al-Baqara: 102)