Often times you can remove the broken piece with a drill bit. Remove the cable from the adjuster. Soak the threaded hole on both sides with penetrating oil,(Liquid Wrench, Sea Foam, PB Blaster) avoid WD-40 or regular oils as they don't do a good job of freeing up frozen fittings. Start with a drill bit slightly smaller than the threaded hole. Drill at a slow speed. As you drill through the broken piece the drill bit will often grab the broken piece and screw it out through the opening on the other side. If this fails then you will need to get an EZ-Out Screw extractor as @Daniel R Hicks has suggested. If you are not familiar with using a screw extractor be very careful not to break the extractor by over twisting it. This a common problem with the small extractors that you will be using. They are made of very hard steel and cannot be easily drilled out if you break it off in the hole. I am not sure if they are all the same but my Jagwire derailleur inline adjusters have very limited adjustment. They are more of a fine tuner than gross adjustment. Road brake levers are compatible with some cantilever brakes. If your cantilevers use a straddle cable (a small cable that attaches to each arm then to the main brake cable) they will work. If you have a single cable that attaches to both arms then they are incompatible. Short answer: No. There are no caliper mounts on the rear triangle of the frame so you can't mount brake calipers there. If all the other parts swap over unmodified, you're very lucky. 

Most braking is done on the front wheel, so fitting a disk brake there will get you 90% of the improvements anyway. You need a disk brake rotor, disk-compatible hub, a caliper, possibly a mounting adapter, a cable or hose, and a new brake lever. Buying all that new could cost as much as a good lightly-used bike. If you do want to remove it, you're better off finding another rear wheel that fits and lacks the coaster hub. The local recycling shop here has plenty of bikes for $10, great parts donors. 

If you disagree with any part of this answer, please make comments. 

Edit: Here's the official instructions from Kool Stop about MTB brake blocks. Tools: You'll need a 5mm hex driver (maybe 4mm or 6mm, maybe a philips if its old, or flathead if its ancient) Some tape to finish the bartape wrap, and sharp scissors to cut the tape. You might be able to find some kind of pulley, but for a low-end steel MTB-BSO, new brake pads+cable will be a substantial braking improvement by themselves. 

I'd simply change the brake pads to Kool Stop, maybe run a new inner and outer cable, and leave that single pivot in place. Clean the rim's braking track too. The factors you mention aren't really significant in the limiting case - friction is related to the normal force over the size of the contact patch, so larger surface area doesn't really help, and even if you did increase friction (sticky tires) you'd still hit pitchover before the front wheel skidded. The bike's weight is usually a tiny fraction of the total system weight. Disc brakes help in the average case since the discs typically have a better interface between the rotor and brake, but clamping a dry and clean rim brake can easily pitch a rider over the front wheel. The biggest factor in bike stopping distance is the mass transfer towards the front of the vehicle when braking. On an upright bicycle, the limiting factor in how hard you can brake is the point at which the front wheel goes from slowing you to simply throwing you over the handlebars. As you brake, your center of mass shifts forward, lifting the rear wheel. Shifting your weight backwards and down while you brake dramatically increases your braking capability. A human-powered vehicle with a lower center of gravity such as a recumbent trike or recumbent low-racer can also typically stop more quickly.