To solve this problem, functionalism was proposed in the 1960s, which was basically "behaviorism + internal mental states" - and was inspired in part by developments in computer science (see Hilary Putnam's work on the topic for example). That being said, the fact that there are gaps between thoughts does present a problem for Descartes. One of his main arguments for the difference between mind and body is that the body is divisible, while the mind isn't (The argument from indivisibility): Closely related to Higher Order Theories of consciousness are Self-Representational Theories of Consciousness, of which the most well known account is given by Douglas Hofstadter in his books "Godel, Escher and Bach", and "I am a Stange Loop". Here self-awareness, or sentience, is characterize by information processing systems capable of representing themselves, i.e. or storing and manipulating symbols that represent themselves. Hofstadter call this a strange loop. A conscious "I" emerges in systems that are rich enough to process a representation of themselves, the key is the ability for self-reference, which instead of leading to paradox is what leads to the emergence of consciousness. The scenario you mentioned is already described by DesCartes in his famous demon example. In the synopsis of his meditations, he writes: The main argument against functionalism is that it leaves something out, namely an explanation of subjective experience. Those who oppose functionalism maintain that it is not a complete description of the mind, that it fails to account for how or why subjective experience occurs. For functionalism to be a complete description of the mind, it would have to account for subjective experience, but in fact functionalist account cannot distinguish between a conscious being on one hand, and a being who has all of the functional and behavioral features of an intelligent human but doesn't have any subjective experience such as an intelligent AI robot or a Zombie that behaves outwardly like a normal human but in fact has no conscious experience (see the SEP article on Philosophical Zombies). Both sentient and none sentient beings can see a red apple - i.e. they can have a first order mental state corresponding to apple. For a Sentient being to be conscious of the red apple, it is not enough to have a mental states corresponding to a red apple, but also to have a higher order mental state which corresponds to 'being aware of there being a red apple'. In information processing terms, the system has to store a representation of the red apple, and a second representation of the act of being aware of the red apple. Isn't he contradicting himself in this lecture? Similarly how does this tie into Chalmers notion of Philosophical Zombie? Why might imagine that such autonomy can serve to discriminate between philosophical zombies and humans, since zombies act like they are autonomous, but aren't being driven by an autonomous agent on the "inside" (See my previous post about "freewill zombies")? On the other hand, a materialist, by definition, argues that a mind cannot exist without a body, since mental states are nothing but a collection of brain states and nerve stimulation. Unlike thinking, intending is a directed relationship between two entities: Intention doesn't occur without a source and a target of the intention. Per 1) The only reason we would not be able to reproduce the mind's functionality is if there is something non-physical about how the mind works. How is soul-body hylomorphism different from property dualism? What are the different types of property dualism? See this answer for more details about one of the more prominent quantum mind arguments. In GEB (and later in "I am a Strange Loop"), Hostadter states that human consciousness is due to the fact that the human mind is capable of perceiving itself. This capacity for self reference is analogous to the way Gödel sentences refer to themselves. In my mind the most detailed argument for why functionalism fails to explain consciousness was provided by Frank Jackson (Jackson, Frank (1986). "What Mary Didn't Know". Journal of Philosophy 83: 291–295). In his original argument, Mary is a Neuroscientist and the sensation in question is color. I will illustrate it with a variation where Mary is a Dentist and the sensation in question is tooth pain, since it is more plausible in my opinion: On the other hand, one can argue that this criticism of Descartes is unfair, since although divisible in time, thoughts are not divisible in space the way bodies are, and that might be what he was alluding to in his indivisibility argument. Many refutations of Descartes cogito go along the line of: Second: It should be noted that physicalism and functionalism are not the same thing. One can be a physicalist without being a functionalist (e.g. those who subscribe to type-identity or to eliminativism). In fact John Searle accuses functionalists of being closeted dualists (see these recorded lectures on philosophy of mind by him -- I forgot which lecture number he gives the argument for why functionalists are actually dualists).