I think the standard definition of dialect makes this fairly clear: mutually intelligible varieties that differ in systematic ways. So 'Indian English' (if there is a single such entity and it is spoken as a complete linguistic code) is a dialect of English. I don't see why it has to be a L1 to be a dialect of English. The Wikipedia article that says: "British English is the form of English used in the United Kingdom. It includes all English dialects used within the United Kingdom." is simply using the non-technical term "form" to refer to the grouping of all dialects of English found in the United Kingdom. These "version" morphemes are found, in very similar form, in other languages of the Kartvelian family. Similar morphology, also described as version systems, is also found in some Turkic languages of Siberia, in the isolate Burushaski, and in South Munda Gorum, an Austroasiatic language of India; these systems are functionally similar to version but formally very different. It has been suggested that the focus systems of Austronesian languages, and the viewpoint aspect systems found in some Trans-New Guinea languages have similar functions to version. German gut 'good'- besser 'better' Juri Apresjan, a famous Russian lexicographer, uses the term "synonymic series," whose dominant is "a lexeme which has the most general meaning in the given series." For further details see Apresjan 2000, Systematic Lexicography. He searched for his keys all morning. iterative The final draft is available here There is no such "universal" definition - and if there were one, it would be useless. Here are some most common ones - based on Granger and Paquot 2008. What happens is that in connected, fast speech function words get unaccented and "show reductions of the length of sounds, centralization of vowels toward /ə,ɪ,ʊ/ and the elision of vowels and consonants" (Cruttenden 2014: 273). The meaning of the name, if any, does not (or not any longer) determine its denotation [semantic]. - see my examples above Less common terms: derivational family, lexeme family. Usually it is argued that proper nouns have an extension ("the class of things to which it is correctly applied", Lyons 1977) but, unlike common nouns, they lack an intension ("the set of essential properties which determines the applicability of the term", Lyons 1977). In other words, the extension of Dublin is a singleton (or there might be more elements in that set, if there is more than one Dublin). However, Dublin has no intension at all - there is no property of "Dublin-ness" that all Dublins would share. These "version" morphemes are found, in very similar form, in other languages of the Kartvelian family. Similar morphology, also described as version systems, is also found in some Turkic languages of Siberia, in the isolate Burushaski, and in South Munda Gorum, an Austroasiatic language of India; these systems are functionally similar to version but formally very different. It has been suggested that the focus systems of Austronesian languages, and the viewpoint aspect systems found in some Trans-New Guinea languages have similar functions to version. The Wikipedia article that says: "British English is the form of English used in the United Kingdom. It includes all English dialects used within the United Kingdom." is simply using the non-technical term "form" to refer to the grouping of all dialects of English found in the United Kingdom. I think the standard definition of dialect makes this fairly clear: mutually intelligible varieties that differ in systematic ways. So 'Indian English' (if there is a single such entity and it is spoken as a complete linguistic code) is a dialect of English. I don't see why it has to be a L1 to be a dialect of English.