2) if bride is a matron, she should say whether she agree to the marriage or not and her opinion is stronger than opinion of her wali, even if the wali do not agree (she can marry or not marry regardless what wali thinks). At end of month Moon is not visible at day and not visible at night and not visible at sunset because Moon sets earlier than Sun, and at end of month Moon rises earlier than Sun and can be visible just before sunrise: for example, see sunrise at 2015-09-12 (1436 Thul-Qedah 28) . 

Have I committed a sin because I didn't know? - you probably did not make sin neither by your behavior, because, even if it was incorrect behviour, as soon as you did not know, you are not sinful for your that behaviour, and you are not probably sinful for not knowing that at first place because that is quite advanced topic and you could not know so much things, and also it is probably even a disagreement among different islamic scholars, so several different resulting opinions looks quite right do different scholars and you need to know quite much to have your own opinion. It logically follows that it is permissible to pray the funeral for anyone who is a Muslim and not a Kafir and a Fasiq but has committed sins that are less than that. Luke 1:36 And, behold, thy cousin Elisabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old age: and this is the sixth month with her, who was called barren. To supplement Kilise's answer. 

That they slaughter it according to the sunnah method: be they male or female, child or adult their action of slaughtering is valid when they are Muslims or people of the Book. And the slaughtered of a Muslim is preferable to the slaughtered of a Kitabee (People of the Book: Jews\Christians). A Sacrificial slaughter should only be performed by a Muslim. 

Radd al-Muhtar ala al-Dur al-Mukhtar by Ibn Abidin Shami sourced from library.islamweb 

Nevertheless, claiming with certainty that someone was a Prophet without solid proof is wrong, its inventing a lie about Allah. The saying of Hasan, Nakhni, Qatadah, Malik, Abu Hanifa, Shafi and the majority of the ulema is: The funeral prayer will be offered for him (one who kills himself) But the climate of Medina did not suit him, and he fell sick. He felt very uneasy. So he took hold of an iron head of an arrow and cut his finger-joints. The blood streamed forth from his hands, till he died. 

Sharah Sahih Muslim by Nawawi sourced from library.islamweb 

Al-Risalah by Ibn Abi Zayd sourced from Shamela Tufail narrated this (dream) to the Messenger of Allah (ﷺ). Provided he be a person acquainted with the form of invocation, whether man or woman, infant or idiot. THE Zabbah is lawful provided the slayer be acquainted with the form of the Tasmeea, or invocation in the name of GOD, the nature of Zabbah, and the method of cutting the veins of the animal ; and it signifies not whether the person be a man or a woman, an infant or an idiot, a circumcised person or an uncircumcised. 

Secondly, the Quran contains an account of the life of Mary before Jesus's birth and states that she was dedicated to the Temple and raised under guardianship of the Kohen: 

Tufail son of Amr saw him in a dream. His state was good and he saw him with his hands wrapped. 

Ibn Hajar writes the following in Fath Al Bari: Maliki: Tafsir Al Qurtubi on 5:3, (Qurtubi does not mention any difference on this among the madhabs) In short, the hadith is talking about the very first time both the Bait ul Muqadas (Temple of Jerusalem) and the Bait Ullah (Kaabah in Mecca) were constructed ... and this was before both Abraham and Solomon. Both mosques have been lost and rebuilt multiple times. 

On the other hand reciting Quranic verses in Prayer is proven from several sources, including the Quran itself: And the Muslims have a consensus that it is not valid to refuse the funeral of a Muslim, be they those who have committed major sins or be they righteous and this is proven from the Prophet's sayings and actions. Praise be to Allah. And the Ulema are agreed on this except for the case of a Martyr, an Innovator (Ahle Biddah) and Rebels. Ibn Jawzi said: The problem with this is that Abraham built the Kaabah, and Solomon built the Bait ul Muqadas, and the time between them is more than a thousand years. It is narrated by Nisai: "Solomon built the Bait ul Muqadas ... " And it is narrated by Tibrani that: "David started the construction of Bait ul Muqadas and then Allah revealed that it would be built by Solomon"