Also, it would require major changes to the spam flag system, currently they are internally treated as a kind of vote (and when 6 votes are achieved, the post is deleted and the author gets -100). Not something that ought to be easier to abuse. Basically, the "delete" button is "please hide this from the masses". However, there's the COPPA clause: At this point it seems like "services" includes anything you do on *.stackexchange.com. However, note that the ToS is something you accept when you create an account (I think), so "services" may exclude "reading stuff". Either way, exactly what is defined by "services" (lowercase) isn't really clarified here. Let's go legalese! (from http://stackexchange.com/legal) Basically, I see no restriction against selling your account, but I see lots of stuff holding you liable for any actions taken via your account. So, here's a surefire trigger, that ought to work for a few days (until the code is pulled, which it probably won't be for a few days): If you find any more such rooms, please let me know in chat or in the comments here. I already have a list of these rooms, which I shall go through one by one and request deletion if necessary. I've noticed that the number of reviews required to remove a post from a queue varies. For example, to accept/reject a suggested edit, you need two votes of the same kind. If the votes are conflicting, the number goes higher. This seems to be the case for the other queues as well. (Additionally, I think that a mod-review is binding) Thanks for the fun math problem by the way! Because the mods already get tons of bad flags from registered users asking for answers to their questions and such. Let's not make that easier to do. The only PII that is stored for anon users is the IP address in the logs AFAICT. It's not liked to any other personal details, so this seems innocuous to me. Besides, to the best of my knowledge, this is covered by section 1303(b)(2)(E)(i) ("The regulations shall provide that verifiable parental consent under paragraph (1)(A)(ii) is not required in the case of ... the collection, use, or dissemination of such information by the operator of such a website or online service necessary ... to protect the security or integrity of its website;"). Logging is pretty necessary for the security of the site. If this was prohibited then children wouldn't be able to use almost any site on the Internet without permission (including Google for search), and I doubt that that is the case. 1. Of course, given that the content policy is obeyed when using the information This will no longer work, the adviza server is no longer running Wait ... what? Does this mean that children under 13 are not allowed to read this website? This doesn't make sense, and I don't see COPPA preventing 13 year olds from accessing this network. Paraphrased with legalese removed: Most of the banter in these rooms comprises of small talk, jokes, and flirting. There's a bit of technical discussion, though I dunno if it's enough to allow their existence by Jeff's rules--I feel that they just ought to be deleted.. It first defines "Services" as On Gaming we had one tag for a particularly difficult case that a wiki entry was written for. There has been some debate as to what we should keep the tag as, which has led to the only instance of the tag being renamed a few times and eventually left on a new tag. The nightly script eventually cleaned out the original tag, and the wiki is inaccessible. So would I be able to retrieve this by reverting to the original tag, or is a rewrite of the wiki necessary? Nowadays, the entire point of the "graduation" stage in a site's lifecycle is to identify a site that has enough growing traffic and self-sustenance that it will not hit an "inactive" status. That's one reason why graduation is extremely infrequent even amongst sites that are "performing very well". A change has been pushed that will now require these badges to be in place, and will prohibit nominations from any who lack those badges yet still attempt to submit a nomination. Run on. This is how it looked like before, with focus on the sites/communities and many links from the homepage itself. After the change, the homepage is showing only the list of Hot Network Questions, sorted by hotness points (can be seen as tooltip) and for anonymous visitors (i.e. those not logged in) also showing a nice "Stack Exchange Q&A communities are different. Here's how" banner on top. Trying to trigger Captcha again... oh no luck I just noticed this today when looking at my gmail inbox: So, how can we view that ticket, if at all? If it's supposed to be used only internally by SE employees, can it please be removed? (I mean the link gmail shows, not the tickets system itself. :)) So the focus changed drastically from sites to questions, and all links removed, making it cleaner. I could not find any list so I am asking: What type of notifications do we have? When viewing question page as anonymous visitor or low rep user, we are presented with advertisements on top of the page. All is good. I was playing around in Careers and found the employers search page for candidates. Worth to mention, this new design is very similar to the first design of the portal (since Stack Exchange 2.0 was declared) as can be seen here. Example for a candidate with a default gravatar: The 10k tools page is dead for some time now (over a year) however the team added the PostFeedback table to the public data dump, accessible for example via data explorer.