3 By "meaningful alternatives", I mean alternatives that form a kind of natural class - you can certainly assume that the set of small [-tall] things forming something like a natural class, but it is implausibel to assume that there are any common features among the things that are not glued apart from not being glued, so adjectives like glued could i.m.o. be regareded as a more privative feature whose absence does not result in the formation of a natural class of meaningful alternatives. Just like in phonology, where it is perfectly fine to have a class of voiced [+voice] and a class of unvoiced [-voice] sounds, while on the other hand, you could form a class of all sounds that carry the feature [PHARYNGEAL], but it makes no sense to speak of the class of all sounds that are not pharyngeal because they don't have anything in common appart from being not pharyngeal. I think the distinction of privative features as opposed to, e.g., binary features roughly captures what I mean by an adjective not having "meaningful alternatives". But certainly, not every adjective can be regareded as a binary feature either, in fact I think that a strict partition throughout the whole domain between two meaningful alternatives [+property]/[-property] without any values additionally or in between is a very uncommon, if not impossible meaning for adjectives to carry. 

One grammatical structure corresponds to two semantic interpretations. The syntax and the semantics are not isomorphic here. 

The intension is a bit hard to grasp; it is meant to stand for all the content an expression could possibly have, abstracting away from its denotation in a specific situation. For example, the intension of a proposition can be viewed as the set of all possible worlds in which that proposition is true (sometimes the term "proposition" itself is used to refer to the intension of a proposition). To make this a bit more intuitive, I'd like to mention that Frege said something like "knowing what a sentence means is knowing what must be the case for it to become true", i.e. if you take the sense of a proposition like "The sun is shining", you have an imagination of all possible worlds/situations/cases in which the sun shines, and the essence about exactly that set of possible worlds is what makes your understanding of what it means in general that "The sun is shining", without evaluating this knowledge with respect to a certain situation. The intension of a predicate would, seen set-theoretically, map from possible worlds to the concrete sets of individuals in the actual world, so you get the sense of sleep that is not directly dependant on who is sleeping in our world at the moment but rather on the general concept of "sleep", which can again be imagined as a collection of how sleeping looks like in any possible world. The intension of an individual could, a bit more philosophically, be seen as an accumulation of all properties that individual has (not to cunfuse with a quantificational account of indivudals, where individuals are treated like quantified expressions being sets of predicates that contain the individual), i.e. everything that the individual is all about in all the possible worlds, and the intension/the sense of an indidual isn't actually the reference to that particular individual in the actual world, but rather the imagination of what that individual could be in all possible cases. 

None of these are phrases headed by a preposition, but nevertheless they serve a similar job as the examples mentioned by you: They modify a structure that is itself already a full sentence. So to summarise, I guess what you mean is a speech error named phonologically based lexical selection error, where you don't just mispronounce things but rather make an error in getting the right words from your lexicon, by choosing a phonetically similar one that you then pronounce, often even inflect correctly, but that is just semantically not any meaningful in the context you want to use it. 

The paper I referred to: Moschovakis, Y. N. (1994). Sense and denotation as algorithm and value. Lecture notes in logic, 2, 210-249. The adjuncts to a sentence may be iterated practically unlimitedly - including the possibility of there being none at all -, while the complement position needs to be occupied no less than and no more than once. In contrast, the following ambiguity is not isomorphic between syntactic and semantic structure: Regarding your observation that positive --> negative seems to b a more common thing to do than the other way round: This is indeed so; languages tend to have the more "positive" term (although it is now of course very hard to define again what "posivitve" should be, but see my paragraph below) in their vocabulary and derive the negative word from the positive one (by use of the various negation tools I mentioned), much less frequently the other way round: "positive" now explicitely not primarily referring to connotation, but positive in the sense of presence of a property - someone is either pretty or you can not assign him the property of being especially pretty, physically there is no actual coldness but only the absence of heat, something is loud or less loud but you wouldn't perceive this as different intensity of quietness, and so on; you can do this for maybe not all2, but many adjectives, at least the ones that have meaningful alternatives3 or a scalar meaning space, and there are some studies investigating what those "default" concepts are across the languages of the world and what is more or less universal in human perception of standards/positives of such properties. You'll see this especially in languages with smaller vocabulary, most noteably perhaps constructed languages, and among those especially ones that try to be very minimalist (like Toki Pona, which has a basic vocabularly of just slightly over 100 words!) or logical (like Loglan/Lojban, aUI and others). Of course, conlangs can not be granted the same status as natlangs when it comes to linguistic universals, but I'd say that someone explicitely thinking about how to build up a language's lexicon gives even more significant evidence of what humans consider to be the basic notions.