The SEMAFOR project by the Stanford NLP group has built such a semantic parser and they provide a demo. You can probably download it and use it on your corpus. I haven't used this tool, but others from the same group. If you aren't scared by using a command line and figuring out a few things (it's rarely as easy as just installing some software and running it) you will likely be able to run it on your computer. They also provide further references on their website. 

1) Does this stress pattern strike anyone else as remarkable, or is it just me? 2) Is "contrastive stress/focus" the best analysis of these examples? 3) Is it more frequent in American English than other varieties, such as British English (note that all the examples are from American English)? (Other aspects like verb-second word order and the Vorfeld - Mittelfeld - Nachfeld distinction only show that German word order is not completely free - But still it is much more flexible than English word order.) 

Your friends might find English discourse structure challenging for their particular reasons - After all learners are individuals and everybody has their own way of learning a foreign language. Also, I think what you perceive as difficult in a foreign language and what actually is difficult for you can be two very different things (that's my personal experience from teaching - So I don't have any actual data to back this up). 

(apparently a quote by Groucho Marx) There is a technique in NLP called shallow semantic parsing that you might find useful. As others have pointed out in the comments, it's a very demanding task. Humans use a lot of information that's not readily available to an automatic semantic parser, not only from the context, but also real world knowledge that prompts us to exclude very unlikely interpretations (and only reconsider them if other more likely interpretations don't seem to make sense). 

Some linguists think there should be exceptions to the MOP. For example, one opinion is that stressed syllables must not have an empty coda. This would mean that /ˈvɛr.i/ is preferred. 

In German you can move constituents around because they are marked by case. In English you can't, but there are other strategies to do that: It was the man that was bitten by the dog shows two: Passive and it-cleft. English word order is SVO. If you move the object to subject position and subject to object position the meaning of the sentence changes fundamentally. The dog bit the man is not the same as The man bit the dog. 

An exception to this rule are adjective-noun combinations that are treated as one unit, and the adjective carries the main stress: 

Den Mann is accusative, so although it's in first position in the second sentence, it's still clear that the man/den Mann is the object in both sentences. Word order is free in German in the sense that these two sentences describe the same action. However, OVS word order is marked and might be used to stress the identity of the object, somewhat like It was the man that was bitten by the dog, not the woman. This is also possible. Basically, intensity peaks (which are very loud) are syllable nuclei, and intensity troughs (which are very soft) are syllable boundaries (if the loudness difference reaches a certain minimal threshold). But this will likely not help you address your pedagogical concerns. Unfortunately, there is no straightforward syllabification method that is accepted by a majority of linguists. As you pointed out, different dictionaries provide different syllabification methods. Usually, syllabification is considered from a phonological point of view (a phonetic perspective is possible but less common, see below). David Deterding argued that the Wolf passage is a better alternative to The North Wind and the Sun. It includes all English phonemes and is better in terms of the occurrence of phonemes in syllable onsets and codas. The joke rests upon the fact that in my pyjamas can be an adjective phrase that qualifies elephant or an adverbial phrase that qualifies the verb. Most people's initial interpretation is the latter because elephants rarely wear anything. We usually don't even notice that the former alternative (adjective phrase qualifying elephant) is a possible parse. Humans integrate syntactic and semantic parsing, but AFAIK current NLP applications can't do that. 

However, German also has these syntactic options. As a native speaker of German and with some experience in teaching English to advanced learners of English, I don't really see how English discourse structure should be terribly hard to learn for native speakers of German. There are some idiosyncrasies, in the sense that one particular structure is more appropriate in a certain context in English, but another one in German. But you get that with any pair of two languages. What I do think is challenging, particularly for advanced learners of English, are choices in English syntax where there is no hard and fast rule. For example whether to use simple past or present perfect to express an action in the past, or whether to use the of-genitive or the s-genitive/possessive. 

I suspect part of the reason why results are not ideal is that the semantic parser builds upon the results of a syntactic parser. Syntactic parsing is quite complex and computationally demanding. Even for simple sentences different well-formed parses are possible. Consider the following two sentences: 

P.S.: Phonetic syllabification 

A reading passage designed specifically to record learners of English is "The Tiger and the Mouse". It was used in the compilation of the Learning Prosody Corpus (the corpus manual includes the text). 4) Has this stress pattern become more frequent in the last decades or so? 

But I've always found this stress pattern surprising, to me the context in these examples doesn't warrant this kind of contrastive focus (as in "No, I want ChiNESE food, not ITAlian food."). Then again, I'm not a native speaker. So my questions are: