5 And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men builded. It was dated by one of the world’s leading paleographers. He said he was ‘certain’ that it was from the first century. If this is true, it would be the oldest fragment of the New Testament known to exist. Up until now, no one has discovered any first-century manuscripts of the New Testament. The oldest manuscript of the New Testament has been P52, a small fragment from John’s Gospel, dated to the first half of the second century. It was discovered in 1934. 

In other words, without the Bible, we could know nothing about God. We would have no basis for our faith, other than to base it on our own suppositions and the suppositions of those in authority who came before us. 

When it comes down to it, for me anyway, whether Moses wrote the books or not isn't of the utmost importance. What is important is whether or not I trust that the Scriptures are actually "God-breathed". Since Jesus Himself quoted from the books of Moses, He clearly accepted them as Scriptural. That's good enough for me, so I don't worry about such issues. Based on that reasoning, it's simply more plausible to accept the traditional view of the authorship of the Pentateuch than it is to believe a theory derived hundreds of years after the fact. 

My own personal answer would be no different than the one found here: 

DTS lists another fragment dating to the first century. 

But: Scripture says otherwise. It teaches of false brethren, false converts - people who think they're Christian but aren't. It speaks of false teachers. It defines Christians as those who have accepted the free gift of salvation through faith in Christ alone. 3 And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn them thoroughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime had they for morter. 

From http://www.churchhistory101.com/new-testament-canon.php 

Another reason for rejecting the theory include the fact that it is only one of many theories. (I know it's not the best source, but Wikipedia has some good information on these) 

From http://www.theopedia.com/Inspiration_of_the_Bible 

Again, per the rules of this site, yes, but in reality, I don't think so. See the first portion of my answer. Further, if God is who the Bible says He is, and if the Bible is truly God's word, then to disbelieve the Bible is to disbelieve God - to think that he is either mistaken (and therefore not worthy to be called God) or a liar (also not worthy of the title.)