In Chapter XV, anti-mechanical arguments for human intelligence based on Gödel's Incompleteness Theorem are rejected, on the basis that humans are not special in being able to "Jump out of the system": not only are machines not incapable in principle, humans are given undue credit for their alleged ability to transcend any limitation. For if humans are not necessarily fixed to any one formal system that we are capable of percieving, this does not mean that we are not fixed to any system at all. Hofstadter argues that human intelligence and complexity of behaviour can be seen as an emergent consequences of the iteration and interaction of simple rules; of which, deciding membership of a point in a fractal, deciding theoremhood in a formal system, and the Halting Problem (the computational face of Gödel's Incompleteness Theorem) are also examples. 

It is difficult to find a better example than the integers, if one wishes to consider an infinite set. Perhaps the difference in the significance of a googol compared to a googol-plus-one to me is pitiful, but I recognize that there is in principle a difference, and to the extent that I should care at all about the number googol, I should care about the difference between googol and googol-plus-one. Thus I should care about the difference between any two positive integers in principle; and so the proliferation of subsets of the integers of any given cardinality is of interest. If I grant this, it is difficult to avoid the fact of the uncountability of ℘(ℕ). 

Here's a model for the ordering of events in time such that you can have three different objects, each infinitely old, and each infinitely older than the last. Informally, it involves time not only having an infinite past, but a "very very" infinite past. 

So it's pretty important to ask ourselves: what is a number? 

We might represent time then by a pair of labels: a label E for the epoch, and a label t for the time within the epoch (as measured from some fixed event during that epoch). Most importantly, we must be able to describe an order on the labels of the epochs: for instance, we may label them by numbers. These labels might be drawn from 

In summary, the question of identity (or its negation) is either trivial, problematic, or complete nonsense, depending on what you demand from it. 

We order the ordinals by saying that α < β if and only if α ∈ β. This is important when we start talking about infinite ordinals. The first infinite ordinal is what comes from considering the set of all of the finite ordinals. It describes a sequence of elements which are well-ordered, but which has no final element: (0,1,2,...). We call this ordinal ω. We then define the next largest ordinal by ω+1 := ω ∪ {ω}, as before: this describes an ordering (0,1,2,...,ω), where there are an infinite number of elements hiding in the ellipses, but where there is no "item that comes just before ω"; any consecutive collection of items which contains ω and some items which come before it must have infinitely many elements. This is just a result of the way that ω was defined. It's what is known as a limit ordinal: it comes at the end of an infinite sequence of elements which lead up to it, putting a cap on top of an infinite subsequence. We get other limit ordinals by piling infinitely many other ordinals on top of it: we have ω+2 := (ω+1) ∪ {ω+1}, and we can define ω+3, ω+4, etc. the same way until we can define