A Tazir punishment is obligatory on the the judge but not a Hadd, because, they argue: 

The section on Tazeer Punishments in the Shafi, Minhaj-Al-Talibin: 

Sunan Ibn Majah: The Messenger of Allah said: "The believer's soul is suspended by his debt until it is settled for him." 

A Jew and a Jewess were brought to Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) on a charge of committing an illegal sexual intercourse. 

This money should be given to all of the heirs, or their deputy, if they have appointed one, or their guardian, if they are not yet adults. 

This is also the law of the Torah (Exodus 22:18/19 and Leviticus 20:15). Scholars supporting this also make an analogy with sodomy based on Quran 7:80-81. This is one of the views of the Shafis and one of the views of the Hanbalis. 

Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) asked, "Have you given (the like of it) to everyone of your sons?" 

There is a Hadd for it: the offender (be they married or unmarried) will be killed. This is based on the following hadith from the Prophet: 

There is no Hadd for one who has sexual intercourse with an animal. 

The narrator of this tradition, Umaro bin Umaro is weak and no evidence can be based on his narration. 

Most of the listed crimes would come under harming another person's property, which is prohibited in: 

Wealth is distributed among the heirs in proportions prescribed by Shariah, and the absence of a will is irrelevant. If your mother has no other living heirs (parents) then this would lead to 1/3 going to you, 1/3 for your brother, 1/6 for your first sister and 1/6 for the second sister in accordance with: 

If someone came to an animal then about it has been said that neither the man would be killed nor the animal. 

i) In Qisas (retaliation) for murder, ii) a married person who commits illegal sexual intercourse and iii) the one who reverts from Islam (apostate) and leaves the Muslims 

Quran 5:44 Indeed, We sent down the Torah, in which was guidance and light. The prophets who submitted [to Allah ] judged by it for the Jews, as did the rabbis and scholars by that with which they were entrusted of the Scripture of Allah, and they were witnesses thereto. So do not fear the people but fear Me, and do not exchange My verses for a small price. And whoever does not judge by what Allah has revealed - then it is those who are the disbelievers. 

The basis of this are the following Quranic verses: 

With this, there is also the narration: 

Abu Bakr Jasas says that the Prophet's saying: 

So Allah's Apostle ordered that the two (sinners) be stoned to death, and so they were stoned. Ibn Umar added: So both of them were stoned at the Balat and I saw the Jew sheltering the Jewess. 

If the imam is of the opinion that he should combine with lashes, awarded as tazir, imprisonment as well, he may do so, because it is suitable by way of tazir. The shariah has laid it down in general terms,, therefore, it is permitted that he deem imprisonment as sufficient or he may combine it with lashes. 

The seriousness of settling a debt is emphasized in the following Hadith: 

However, even if it is proven that the (first) narration is correct we would interpret that it applies when the doer consider his action as lawful (as an apostate) and does it. 

The nature and severity of a Tazir is left to the Qadi (judge), he may choose a punishment that he feels is appropriate and adequate to act as a deterrence on a case by case basis. Punishments may include imprisonment, chastisement, lashes (must be less in number than in Hudood) etc. A repeated offender or one who considers it lawful may be executed. 

With the interpretation that a person himself is neither a "wife" nor a "slave" and hence the prohibition extends to himself. 

The Hanafis say there is no Hadd for this lewd sin. There is no mention of a legal punishment in the Book of Allah or the Sunnah of the Prophet of Allah, nor is it proven that the Prophet enforced a Hadd on a doer of this deed. But it is wajib on the Ruler that according to his opinion he should give whatever punishment. He may imprison, or whip or chastise such that it would provide deterrence. 

The consensus among the Hanafis and Hanbalis is that masturbation is permissible when the person fears falling into Zina (fornication), which is a major sin clearly mentioned in the Quran, and a lesser evil may be used to ward off a greater evil.