Mathematicians learn about mathematical truth by learning their tradition, and it being verified by their peers - in this perspective truth appears to be socially conditioned. One also notes that Hume gleefully applies the new critical spirit endemic to the then new science to empirical phenomena to deny cause & effect and stall the scientific project. It took Kant to restart it by injecting human consciousness into the world and distinguishing a phenomenal realm where science can happen and the noumenal realm on which we have no purchase. a. One explanation put forward is that the universe begun as a quantum fluctuation. But this already posits a void where quantum laws are real. How can then one say it is void? The statement is paradoxical (without further elucidation). From the description of Category Theory in nlab: One broad class of paraconsistent logics are dual-intuitionistic logics. Now the standard semantics of intuitionisitic logic uses Kripke frames. Does one dualise here to get semantics for dual-intuitionistic logics? This is a variant of appeal to perfection, which itself is a type of false dichotomy. The general form of a false dichotomy is a forced choice between only two options, "it's either A or B," when it could in fact be C. In this specific variant the choice presented is between a perfect solution or giving up entirely. However, for following the structure of a longer argument, or for sifting your way through a forest of modifiers, basic first-order symbolic logic (which is the discipline being used in your first linked example) is still probably your best bet. It is a well-established field, and there are plenty of beginner's textbooks and online tutorials out there in order to get started --one is probably much the same as another. The way to defend against a false dichotomy is to identify the plausible third option, and in the case of the appeal to perfection, that option is to improve on the default, even without reaching perfection. This is one of the basic syllogism forms (Celarent / EAE-1). One way of looking at philosophy is as "the mother of sciences," investigations of topics that have not yet submitted to successful empirical codification. Most, perhaps all sciences started as branches of philosophy, and transitioned over once they gained stable, replicable processes and results. It just happened more recently for logic than any other major science, which is why logic is still (for the moment) shared between both worlds. However, this is not entirely a bad thing, since modern logic was created by substituting fuzzy natural language concepts with new, well-defined ones. When I was young I really enjoyed the books of logician Raymond Smullyan, who wrote several books of logic puzzles held together with minimal but amusing narratives, including The Lady or the Tiger? and To Mock a Mockingbird. Lewis Carroll himself wrote a similar book called A Tangled Tale (but it can be a bit rough going for a modern reader). There's also the justly famed Godel, Escher, Bach which might appeal to a young reader of the right temperament. Flatland is more math than philosophy, but still food for thought. Likewise, The Phantom Tollbooth introduces advanced concepts in mathematical philosophy within the context of a thoroughly entertaining children's novel. We do have to make some assumptions here. We have to assume that tournament play is what establishes who the "best players" are. Given that assumption however, we can infer that the best players do not play in all-female tournaments, therefore the overall standard of those tournaments is lower (at least if we judge the standard of the tournament by the standard of the best players, rather than by the average level of play, which could conceivably be higher at an all-female tournament, even given what we know). Gun control: reducing gun deaths :: making it harder to own cars : drunk driving deaths This still has the issue however of the "drunk" stipulation on the right. Again, there's no obvious analog on the left, and again there's an illegitimate implication (that all gun deaths are results of the same type of flagrant misuse of guns as drunk driving is a flagrant misuse of a car). One can say that one persons world is different from anothers; and I mean that apperceptionally; to communicate these two worlds need to be in harmony; but in the real world which is in time to bring two worlds into harmony is a difficult task. Second question: Are there any other set theories whose axioms settles the continuum hypothesis, which doesn't assume it or its denial in a thinly assumed manner? More recently, Isham & his colloborators are using Topos Theory to provide semantics & a proof theory to quantum logic in the form of the Bohr Topos. Notably the proof system is not classical either it is higher order typed intuitionistic logic. It is also complete & sound. One interesting result is that the kinematics of the Bohr Topos when viewed internally is classical & when viewed externally is quantum-mechanical. A specific example may show what I mean by this explicitly: Take the simplest mathematical operation we can think of, that of addition. Originally this was defined with respect to the integers, and it was seen that they followed certain rules (ie existence of identity & the associative law). Notice also to add two integers together we don't need the assistance of a third, its solely defined in terms of the two integers we have at hand.