Additionally, the question seems to be based on an invalid premise that sovereignty has anything to do with laws of original country. It does not, in any meaningful way. However, if you know someone else's name who is already registered to vote, you can EASILY come and vote a second time as that person. The only four risks are: There was no provision in Serbian constitution for Kosovo to separate. But Kosovo was able to first wage successful armed struggle to push Serbians out; then win enough international support (Western Europe, then US) to prevent Serbia (and Russia which supported them) from wrestling the control back. As far as #2, I have definitely observed that you merely state your name at the voting rolls table, without any effort to certify you are of that name - even checking your voting invitation letter, and sign the rolls to certify that you voted (so nobody else nor yourself can cast a second vote under that name). In theory, in a society with permitted polygamy, there's a high chance that a large portion of less-successful (straight) males would end up with no female partnership. This is a recipe for social disorder if there ever was one - it's well known from sociological and phsychological research that males in long term relationships are far less likely to engage in risky, asocial, or criminal behavior; and are more likely to be more socially productive. Or, like, not engage in mass violence and rioting. This is the only one of five known democratic countries without written codified constitution that is not explicitly modeling its lack of one on UK. Additionally, proponents of such a proposal need to show a clear benefit - does introducing the mandatory inspection meaningfully reduce the risks? The person you are impersonating coming to vote earlier and you being arrested for attempted voting fraud More wonderful accusations of the sort familiar to 2000s ("infidel", "fool", "no god", etc) can be found in this article - there were just too many pearls (with citations) to quote here, so make sure to read them all. Prohibition: Your costs include the loss of taxes on an economic activity that is driven underground; the economic losses of extra-high costs going abroad; the costs of law enforcement/judiciary; the costs of incarceration; the economic losses on having productive population incarcerated; and the second effect costs of strengthened organized crime. In Colorado, they are not (source): Well, for one thing, because your blaze "It's a win-win all" is a false statement. Or, even better, someone who won't vote at all. Given typical US voting participation rate (shy of 60% even on high-turnout Presidential elections, never mind other lower turnout elections), finding such a person isn't hard. US Constitution had 18th Amendment (Alcohol Prohibition) And, even if you do have a "real" clunker that would have flunked the inspection, you need to first produce proof that taking it off the road would meaningfully reduce risk, given the costs to society and previous bullet points. In practice, there is tons of research that polygamy has bad outcomes, although in all honesty, I haven't vetted ANY of the following links and don't know how solid (or biased) the research is. YMMV, PATYR. However, an argument may be made that those laws are in fact socially a good thing, in both theoretical and practical way: The argument, on the surface, is fairly simple cost-benefit analysis: California Education Code Section 51210.3 (a) The governing board of a school district may designate a credentialed teacher at each elementary school as a science coach, or provide staff development... Adams' side retorted with high-brow: Polling Let's get down to the numbers. Even in these, extremely sexually liberal times, with polygamy being "morally acceptable" # as high as it's ever been in USA, only 17% population supports it, according to Gallup 2017 poll. That's up from only 7% in 2003. Leaving aside Obama's personal issues for the moment, historical precedent says that you mostly can't. Many people feel that drugs are "victimless" behavior, and as such, are not a crime Canada explicitly follows UK model For some good historical perspective on legal issues involved: http://www.amazon.com/Protecting-Best-Men-Interpretive-History/dp/0807842907 This is why, for example, UK does not have what is considered a "written", or "codified", Constitution, despite having a set of laws which comprise its "Constitution". None of those laws are any different procedurally from any other law, and can be changed by the Parlament like any other law. More generally, overall concept of sovereignty. Slate lists a study highlighting problems. Again, progressive axe grinding is likely. This includes things like control of one's destiny, control over one's territory, foreign policy, and, lest we forget, control over one's money/budget. Most people driving real clunkers wouldn't care about your "inspection" requirements anymore than they care about obeying any other laws or rules. Like driving with valid drivers' licenses, insurance, etc... Can be trivially mitigated; from basic disguise to voting throughout the day to even simpler, voting in different polling places. Can be mitigated by voting as someone you know won't vote at all. As per above, given typical US voting participation rate (shy of 60% even on high-turnout Presidential elections, never mind other lower turnout elections), finding such a person isn't hard. Having said that, the above reasoning and arguments are NOT the purpose of anti-poly laws, although they may be used by defenders of such laws. The purpose stated above is the only one - to placate the majority of population that for one reason or another supports such laws. There is some debate about whether this principle remains valid, particularly in light of the UK's membership in the European Union (src) Preponderance of images on social internets is more indicative of the fact that they are fun to take photos of and make fun of, than actual frequency. Specifially, in New Jersey (src): Party affiliation (which political party are you registered with, if any).