While I disagree with both - I think they present the problem with clarity, and they are both very communicative, and the books are very interesting to read, as entry points into the topic. 

There is also a good exposition of special relativity by the philosopher of science Tim Maudlin in his book: Quantum Non-Locality and Relativity: Metaphysical Intimations of Modern Physics. That book is worth its weight in gold for its explanation of Bell's theorem. I personally like to interpret these words to mean that when God first created the universe it consisted of consciousness. One is Conscisouness Explained by Daniel Dennett, who explains consciousness as a bag of tricks, and who subscribes to the computational theory of mind. you might also enjoy the following very funny video of Feynman explaining nature's craziness to students - https://youtu.be/eLQ2atfqk2c?t=24m2s - the lectures themselves are very interesting - after watching them two years ago I realized for the first time how holograms actually work. I recommend two books that forcefully present two sides of this debate: 

3) It increases your chance of actually doing some work; see Feynman's joke on philosophers. 

Note: It reminds me of a poem by the physicist Richard Feynman which goes like this: and then you tell him "oh master, this loop is really philosophically mind blowing — we are all sitting on each other's laps without any chairs, in the air as it were. but we are not levitating." There are also two traditional sources that point out the cognitive sense. One is Midrash Rabah from around 3rd century AD which explains the two words as bewilderment and astonishment. The other is the 1000-year-old Rashi who notes that tohu connotes wonderment. 

One can find mentions of this relation by searching google for "תוהו ובוהו" together with "תהיה ובהיה" or "תוהה ובוהה", where the later two pairs correspond to the cognitive meanings. [*]: I mean entitled in the sense of having permission to, not of having a privilege. In modern hebrew the two words taken together form an idiom that roughly means chaos. 

Wittgenstein says that philosophers mislead themselves into confusions by misusing language, and that philosophy should be done differently - in essence describing and surveying problems rather than trying to explain them: 

I disagree with the answer given by @AlexanderSKing. 

Or consider an example from philosophy of mind - Chalmers who is a property dualist employs a reductio ad absurdum in his famous fading and dancing qualia arguments to conclude that a robot may have conscious experience identical to his own (Wittgenstein would have rejected the whole thing on account of the absence of criteria of identity, but let us ignore that subtlety) - he admits that from his point of view as a steadfast dualist, his conclusion is highly counter intuitive - but robots with a dualist kind of qualia are not just counter intuitive - they seem to be absurd since their qualia are hopelessly epiphenomenal - their qualia can have no effect on the calculation mechanism, and they therefore have no way to "know" their qualia - that is, Chalmers arguably uses reductio ad absurdum to reject one absurdity for another. Anyway, the entire philosophy of mind grows from your question as it were, and there is no answer, only a mountain of fascinating books and ideas to read through — and you can start by googling around — the wikipedia and the online Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy are good sources. 

Interestingly these two words taken alone, correspond roughly to two states of consciousness, namely to wonder or to ponder (lithot) and to stare or to gaze (libhot). Richard Feynman explains Quantum Electrodynamics in a wonderful non-technical series of lectures: QED: Photons -- Corpuscles of Light. 

QED is a theory which describes how light and matter interact.