When in November (October, old style) Bolsheviks took the power by a coup, they dissolved by force not only the Provisional government, but also the elected Constitutional Assembly (the largest party represented in this Assembly was SR, but most other parties were represented as well). Constitutional Assembly which was elected by broad popular elections was banned and dissolved by brute force. 

Who were Adam Kisiel, Jeremia/Yarema Wisniowiecki, Ivan Bogun and Bogdan Khmielnicki? All proto-Ukrainians? Or some of them were Proto-Poles? And why? 

The means of communication of scientific ideas before 17th century were books, private letters, lectures and public disputations. (There was no scientific societies before 17th century). By the way, many important scientific discoveries did not come from the universities at that time. For example, Fibonacci was not associated with any university. 

Of those countries, the most tolerant one to Jews was the kingdom of Poland, which later merged with the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, which evolved to Rzeczpospolita Obojga Narodów, which is translated as Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, but literally means Republic of the two peoples). These countries in general granted various rights to Jews (the policies varied with time), and had substantial Jewish polulation. In general the Rzeczpospolita was by far the most tolerant state in Europe with respect to religion. 

It is also somewhat questionable, who started these wars, if you include the revolutionary wars. And the notion of the "war of aggression" is also a 20s century notion. Starting a war was not considered a crime in the early 19 century. (The revolutionary war was started by the Coalition because the King was executed, and the Queen, and many other people. Revolutionary government was considered cruel and illegitimate. Not the French people). 

The attitude in the early 19 century was somewhat different. No one considered these wars as wars "against France", I mean against the French people. These were the wars against Napoleon, and earlier the wars against the revolutionary government. So there was no notion that "France should be punished". Many French emigres were on the coalition side. 

This is a good example of the use of history for political propaganda.