These two items are possibly enough to be able to fit in, but I'm unsure if I'm missing something. I'm not going to be capable of reciting Arabic, other than al Fatiha (and al Humazah now) and the tashahhud. I prayed once before in a mosque in Iran (my first time ever in a mosque; my only time in Iran), and the lady next to me just said "copy me", so I did. 

Part of the motivation behind this question is recently being "corrected" for praying Hanafi style in a Tunis mosque, which I believe predominately follows the Maliki madhhab. I know she meant well, but it's something I'd rather avoid happening again. I want to just fit in and worship Allah without such issues arising. 

Question: How can a new Muslim fit in when praying in a mosque in Iran? I learned to pray Hanafi, Sunni style, although it's now a hodge-podge of different styles. I have no strong preference just as long as I pray to Allah. I only started praying less than a year ago, and my prayer is imperfect, but I've been improving over time. (AskImam.org write: "The first hadith is a mursal narration. All the narrators in it are reliable. Mursal narrations are accepted by the Hanafi Jurists.") and 

From what I understand, the differences I need to know about are: A detailed fatwa Why is a Woman’s sajdah different to men? by Mufti Luqman Hansrot includes these hadith along with other sources. 2- All attributes of Allah Swt are forever.(Abadi)* 

Allah Swt and His Messenger knows best. 

So Martyrs are not above the level of Prophets so when they are alive how come we could not assume such about Prophets as well by the above clear hadith. 

In Modern era there are lots of ways to figure out the timings of prayers unlike earlier era we are not only dependant on shadows and stars,lots of applications in devices ,some softwares ,these could help us in identifying correct prayer timings however if someone is in a situation when he is not aware of the time and he prays just by his own sense visualizing Sun or darkness/brightness and this was not his routine like may be one time or second so Allah Swt is Raheem could be acceptable 

Imam Haskafi (Allah have mercy on him) states: 

It was narrated from Anas that: The Prophet (ﷺ) said: "I passed by the grave of Musa, peace be upon him, and he was praying in his grave."(Nasai) Ibn Umar narrated that : Allah's Messenger said: "The beginning of the time for Salat is pleasing to Allah, and the end of its time is pardoned by Allah."(At Tirmidhi)