Also, aside from the things you mention as "general" I will give you a couple of additional environmental factors that can help reduce stimulous factors that can be disruptive to attention span that you didn't mention. Earthy but light pinks, greens and blues as the main colors on walls are helpful to increase attention spans for those people in the environment. There are special lightbulbs that can also help with this (just the right range of wavelengths and no buzzing - I'm really sorry I forget what they are, but you could probably ask on the Bridges Academy (California) page because they use them) and minimize clutter. Make sure your kid's bedrooms have only a few pieces of artwork and at least one wall that is not "decorated" by anything. 

btw: in this example, you see the beginnings of the pre-operational stage because he is using the tractors and sand to symbolically make a road. At the same time, he isn't generalizing this as sand-box play with you and understanding that he is just being more specific. This kind of thing is typical in this age group and to this stage of development - try not to worry about correcting and explaining. Instead, accept and know he'll get there eventually. The really important thing is just that you keep asking. Since you are asking, his brain is working to figure out how to answer satisfactorily as you ask every day. Eventually he will get it - especially if you can help to guide him to answers that are satisfactory without frustration and stress being part of the equation. 

The "abstraction" your child is currently developing in regard to understanding time, is referred to as "Symbolic function" and is a part of Piaget's theory regarding cognitive development. Symbolic Function and Theory of Mind are very closely intermingled, but there is a very slight difference in that Theory of Mind is specifically about what the child knows compared to others. The idea of Theory of Mind is more recent than Piaget's work, but, as I understand it (though I am not an expert here) it could be considered a part of symbolic function. The Betty Hardwick Center describes symbolic function quite nicely here. Basically, it is the ability to understand that when a cat leaves the room, it is still a cat in existence, just in another room (Schrodinger's Cat excluded). For children without at least the beginnings of symbolic function remembering what did happen today and sorting it from other memories is very difficult). 

The first resource is the school itself: 

Also, more and more research is showing that ADHD isn't really a lack of attention as much as it is attention on too many things at once. They can often actually look like they are not paying attention at all and still do BETTER on information retention after a learning activity than their non-ADHD peers if they are using a few techniques that allow for smaller movements that are not distracting to others around them. This article is really for school aged children, but might be useful to you anyway. 

The most helpful approach for parents may be to obtain suggestions from the school, and ideally from the future teacher as well, about how best to help the child during the first few months of school. Parents can be most helpful by offering the child reassurance and support, and by resisting the temptation to discuss their own anxieties and concerns in front of the child. On the whole, the evidence about the short- and long-term effects of redshirting is inconclusive. The evidence suggests that some benefits of academic redshirting are short lived (Spitzer et al., 1995; Graue & DiPerna, in press). The decision may turn out to be less important than the concientous parent worries about it being. 

Your child may sometimes choose not to try again. This may mean he solves the problem for himself, or goes and seeks out Mom. However, if you start from a very early age (where you are at now and what you are already doing) a lot of times, just trying again in Danish will be easier and that is the choice your child will most likely make, most of the time. 

In this book, they suggest that it is common for kids raised to speak a "family language" in the home while hearing and using another popular language outside of the home to stop using the "family language" shortly after entering school. The result (here in the states) with many of these families is a child that grows into an adult that understands a second language fluently, but can't recall vocabulary and sentence structure well enough to effectively communicate in that second language once their parents are no longer around and using the second language. 

There is a BIG difference between sticking up for yourself, and talking back. Sticking up for yourself uses "I" language. 

Traditionally, a child was ready for school when he or she recognized his/her name in writing and could give his/her parents names, could sit through circle time or story time that lasts 15 minutes, understand the concept of sharing, and get along most of the time with other kids. Academically, it was encouraged that kids know most of the alphabet, be able to hold a pen or pencil and be able to roughly use child-sized scissors. It was also expected that she/he be on the road to independence. In other words, it may be a bit of a struggle, but children were expected to be able to dress themselves, use the potty themselves, open most of the packages in their lunch without help, etc. 

As a former preschool teacher I'd like first to point out that toddlers are known for having little to no attention span ADHD or not. 

Going to a screaming child and letting it get its way is a good way to encourage the screaming and yelling to continue. Your wife is probably trying to make the point to your daughter that her naptime is supposed to be alone time, and she needs to accept it. Going and discussing the idea with your daughter, probably only makes the time of protestation last longer in the long run (at the age of three - I would speak differently of a child that is younger).