This is a question that is hard to answer as the decision at the end is yours, but all we can do is offer some help to make a decision: as an emphasis on the importance of this act or on the wording of this du'a (this is quoted as one of the interpretations in fath al-Barry by ibn hajar al-'Asqalani after quoting the first). 

As a side note it is strongly recommended to memorize the Quran from the same copy as pages can differ, and this may have an impact on the memorisation process ... 

so be good to her talk and speak nicely. and treat her kindly Read how our Prophet () treated his new wife in the same situation: 

So according this the rabbis used to perform delusion by hiding some of the information and characteristics -which have been revealed in the Torah- about the Messenger of Allah (peace be upon him) and mix them with truth or don't mix Islam with Judaism and Christianity as quoted above. The main idea of dua' (suplication) is to get close to your Creator and communicate with HIM so usually it would help to hold the focus on this conversation if you address HIM in the language you speak best! 

Before trying to give an Answer of your question we need to do some analysis: I hope I could help to some extent. I've heard and read about a couple of options for the time to fast: Except for those who repent, believe and do righteous work. For them Allah will replace their evil deeds with good. And ever is Allah Forgiving and Merciful. Surat al-Furqan(25:70) As both of you will be nervous you should work on this and forget about having intercourse, as this can happen at any time (the right time hopefully) once both of you have found confidence and trust (in) each other and reach a certain arousal while doing some kind of foreplay (kissing, caressing etc.) this may happen: At-Tabari said that two interpretation are available for the part of the verse 

Verses 1 and 3 just tell as that Allah accept repentance (if it is sincere as explained above) while Verse 2 tells us that Allah even turn sins into good deeds if one is faithful and and repent sincerely! On the other hand scholars say that a sincere repentance would make sins disappear even for sins which should be (but are not) punished according to shari'a (see the links below in Arabic)! This would mean you should do repentance and expiation and real regretting and turn the sins into good deeds like praying, fasting,..., doing good things, helping: Being a good Muslim and not redoing what those sins! 

Well you should know that in Islam we have five fard or obligatory prayers which are well defined (amount of raka'a etc.). We know that in Islam once we have no water present and we did effort to search for it, we are allowed to do tayamum instead of wudu' (ritual purification) for prayer or even ghusl al-janabah (bathing/washing after intercourse). But does this also apply in case of death? 

Some virtuous of the first night 

Backbiting (in the context of Islam) means: That you say something about your brother that he dislikes, no matter if it was something about or on his body, or religion, his life (donya), his desires (nafs), his creation (appearance), his character, his wealth or money, his children, his parents, his spouse(s), his servants, his slaves or fraught, his turban, his tissue, his walk, his movements, his smile or frown, his ease or hardship... no matter if you say it or write or indicate it, with your eyes, hand or head or any similar way 

The major reason for Saudi Arabia to allow women to drive is politically driven and initiated by the U.A.E. (who have big influence on Saudi Arabian politics actually as the strongest economy among the Gulf Cooperation Council states (after "the expulsion" of Qatar)) who wants to present the actual crown prince and future king as a moderate and open minded Muslim leader. 

I guess for pink and other color shades you will hardly find a hadith. Muhammad ibn Idriss al-Shafi'i 

And in no commentary on these books the scholars considered it as mandatory to perform the du'a in Arabic they also interpreted the statement: 

In any other farz Prayer or the later Rakaat of Maghrib and Isha you have to recite Quran for yourself! And it is He who accepts repentance from his servants and pardons misdeeds, and He knows what you do. Surat ash-Shura(42:25) In the -at least to me- last known fatwa of the European council of fatwa and research (ECFR) all these options have been rejected, and people have been asked to fast according their local timings according (2:187) 

Note that already in 2011 sheikh 'Aid al-Qarni has been quoted to say that basically that prohibiting women to drive in Saudi Arabia has no backup nor clear evidence in the shari'a texts. This was in a TV-Interview with al-Arabiya Channel after the arrest of the women's rights activist Manal al-Sharif in May 2011. He also quoted the example of the polemic about the education of girls which was launched in the kingdom in the era of king Faisal to compare it with the polemics about women's right to drive a car. (For details read the article in Arabic here)