The thickness of the external parts of the cups themselves, measured from the shell contact to the crank contact, is also not the same between mountain and road. Road ISO is about 11.2mm and mountain is 10.2mm. I believe the reason for the difference is that road handles its two different shell width (68 for ISO and 70 for Italian) by having the Italian cups be 1mm thinner in this dimension. Mountain handles the different shell widths (68, 73, plus the need to accomodate e-type and chain devices) by allowing different spacer configurations. If this is one of the 20-spoke carbon 7801 wheels that take standard nipples, you could just swap in a new hub. A BMX caliper such as an Odyssey 1999, Dia-Compe Bulldog, ACS Boa, or any number of others would work. Published reach for the 1999 is 74-95mm and and 86mm for the Bulldog. Some of these brakes are pretty respectable in terms of power/performance, and a lot are garbage. Watch out for weird oversize pivot bolts on some of them. Someday there may be flatbar road hydraulic levers that make their way onto a new version of that chart, but for now bikes like that just come with conventional MTB/hybrid systems. The answer for a rider who's capable of doing the math themselves is use either the bikes that are available to you or help from a pro with a fit machine to establish these numbers: The official answer from Shimano as of now is no, as per their road hydraulic systems compatibility chart. The 47-57 class was common on older road bikes and is used sometimes (never as much as it should be) to make caliper brake road bikes that can take wider tires and/or fenders. That's mostly over now though because disc brakes have more or less become the norm in that genre. To emulate what a touring bike would give you using more test-rideable road bikes, you will have to fiddle with swapping stems and potentially even adding a riser for the purpose of a test ride. Some shops would happily do that for the sake of a sale, and many would not. (From Shimano service instructions for many external MTB BB models) I assume you've got the triple version of the Claris FD. Centering it by eye using a white paper as backdrop is a normal thing to have to do. Don't overtighten the caliper bolts; 8nm is all you need and will generally let you avoid squirm. An 11-speed FH-9000 Dura Ace, for comparison: The pictured chain is an older bushing-type chain, which was the norm until bushingless chains took their place. Matching fluid displacement is not simply a matter of the new lever moving at least as much total fluid as the old one. To perform correctly, the lever has to move fluid at an appropriate rate per distance of lever travel. Hydraulic brakes have a similar version of leverage (aka mechanical advantage) considerations as cable actuated brakes, or at least they would if in practice they weren't mostly black boxes in terms of observing and comparing displacement numbers. Many brakes just don't work very well with the squeeze-the-lever-and-tighten-the-bolts technique, despite whatever the manufacturer says. It's worth trying but also something that needs to be given up on quickly if it doesn't just work. Just using an IRD Alpina may completely solve the problem. It is currently the only STI-compatible FD available optimized for this kind of application. (And the main one ever, the exception being one or two weird old Shimano ones, RSX I think). What I don't know offhand is how well it's going to play with an 8-speed chain. If that proves finicky you can use a 9. No for a whole lot of reasons, the most decisive of which is that the 7801 hubs are among the only (along with WH-6600) ones Shimano's ever made that use a drive ring in the hub shell to engage the pawls, as opposed to the pawls and the ring they engage being all internal to the freehub body. In other words the design is completely different from any of the 11-speed freehub bodies.