Artillery propels missiles on a ballistic arc; a parabola if you will, though in the strictest sense that is not quite accurate. In order to be effective the missile must hit a target at a given distance, and thus it is necessary to calculate a launch angle that will result in the missile's arc intersecting the target's motion, at a moment in time when the target is occupying said location. This truly is the rocket science of the pre-calculus era. It must be calculated correctly, quickly, and under all the stresses of being in a dire life-and-death situation; battle. Yes, one smart small man can coordinate the efforts of a team of larger men; until that smaller man becomes a casualty. If one wants a reliable and robust artillery corps, every man on every crew must be capable of stepping up to the next most complicated role, at some reasonable level of efficiency; and then be able to step again at some level of efficiency. Jerusalem being the capital of a province of his empire, that he passed by at least twice going to and returning from Egypt, it seems most unlikely that Alexander didn't visit Jerusalem. He apparently went out of his way to visit the Siwa Oasis (where his god-hood was confirmed) after founding Alexandria. 

re At least half of that (five days' worth) is in the form of grain edible by humans. Chapter Eight of Volume XI of Josephus describes the entry of Alexander into Jerusalem in somewhat fantastic terms, but there doesn't seem an obvious reason why this would be manufactured. 

In consequence of these basic facts, one can only have a reliable, accurate, fast-firing, and robust artillery corps if every crew member is in training, at some level, to eventually be crew-captain, section lead, and then battery commander in sequence. Not all will make it of course, but that is the career progression because no-one can predict who will be a battlefield casualty. 

Prior mechanisms involved the painstaking creation of block text, specific to each print job by master craftsmen. In Gutenberg's new system, only the molds for the typed letters needed to be made by master craftsmen; the type itself could be made by less skilled journeymen. 

Earlier adoption of any concept similar to a share-capital corporation I believe to be impossible, as the accounting and bookkeeping concepts had not yet been developed to support its paperwork. Update: As noted below moveable-type existed in China for a few hundred years before Guttenberg, but the type characters were individually fired porcelain, thus much more expensive to make than Guttenberg's molded lead type, and not practical for large-scale printing. This reduced their effect on the cost of a book, according to the economic analysis presented by Lennart. 

Suddenly they charged out from all the gates, without giving the enemy a chance of realizing what was happening or of preparing to meet their onslaught. It was a complete reversal of fortune: the Gauls who had counted on capturing the camp were surrounded and cut off. Of the forces that had taken part in the attack - known to number over thirty thousand - more than a third were killed; the rest fled in terror and were not allowed to rest even in the mountain tops. 

Further, I believe that the definition of brand given by OP must be strengthened slightly in order to be meaningful; namely of being protected under law, and not just a manufacturing technique. Under this my belief is the Ulfberht would not qualify, though perhaps someone else can do the research to settle this point.. Update: According to this Canadian Government report the average carcass weight of horses slaughtered in Canada from 1994 to 2012 was about 300kg with a live-to-carcass weight conversion factor of about 55%. The Carcass Weight to Retail Weight conversion factor decreases for larger animals with 75% being typical for beef. This would mean 300kg * 75% = ~ 225 kg of usable meat per animal at best.