And do not insult those they invoke other than Allah, lest they insult Allah in enmity without knowledge. Thus We have made pleasing to every community their deeds. Then to their Lord is their return, and He will inform them about what they used to do. (108) http://islamquest.net/fa/archive/question/fa15153 

Or it has quoted that Prophet Mohammad (pbuh) said: I wonder what its ruling is from Sunni view? According to Islam, you cannot do more than the disadvantage which the second person caused …. (apparently) On the other hand, these kinds of the rituals will be related to tranquility and condolence for the family of the dead. But we should not do it as a Bid’ah (as if is the order of Islam). 

In case of supposing tobacco as a haram thing, then I think you cannot say “and am I allowed to sell it if it's my only choice?”, since your income could be haram too. So you have to choose another job even if its income in less than it. (If having halal income is important for you) 

In regards to your inquiry that asked: Since the holy Qur'an is not solely a reciting book, haply it is an understanding book which Muslims must perform it in their life. 

As a general Islamic rule, it would be considered as a haram practice to touch the script of the Holy Qur'an with any part of one's body, without performing Wudhu. But in regards to your second inquiry that you asked There is a narration from Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him and his household) that said: Accordingly, it could be permissible for everyone, even for the Imam of mosque (as you asked) to dye the beard. (Since seemingly it did not mention regarding its Hormat as a Haram act for any specific group of people) In regards to your second inquiry that you asked 

The answer is that @American Muslim declared, generally (as a general Islamic rule), insects are considered as haram things that you are not allowed to eat them (Unfortunately many people used to eat different kinds of insects… especially in some of south eastern countries). But there is no problem in eating grasshopper (by observing some conditions) and you can eat it. And even I reckon there are some or many people (particularly Arab people) that still eat grasshopper as a halal food. 

http://www.nbcnews.com/id/7681252/ns/health-cloning_and_stem_cells/t/scientists-create-animals-are-part-human/ Hypnosis seems to be a good tool for curing psychological problems wherein the hypnotist can have the patient regress into his past (not "past life") to find the root cause of his psychological disturbance. Unfortunately, such cloning experiments may leave all of us affected since I can well see a time when natural farm animals are eventually displaced with these human-animal clones. We now have genetically doctored cows that give milk very similar to human milk, and mice with part-human brains and consequently better problem-solving abilities. 

Secondly, just because you have seen firsthand a marriage go wrong, it does not imply that the institution of marriage itself is bad. Do not be like the cat that sat on a hot stove lid; henceforth it won't sit on a hot stove lid, but then it won't sit on a cold one either! My question is: what is Islam's position on the consumption of the meat of such farm animals, like GMO cattle and sheep? The human psyche (as created by Allah) has the ability to store practically all the information received from the five senses without any conscious effort on the part of the person. These are stored as "impressions" so to speak within the neural storage mechanism and if the person does not make a conscious effort to recall these scenarios, they tend to remain dormant in memory unless stimulated using either psychological or physiological means. I recall having read a case several years back where a certain part of the brain was stimulated using minute electrical impulses and the patient recalled a particularly obscure incident from when he was a kid. 

Thus, we can conclude that if Allah and His Messenger (Sallallahu alayhi wa Sallam) did not allow the Muslims to abstain from marriage for even noble reasons like worshipping Him, then how can the reasons cited by you hold any water for abstaining from marriage? https://www.minds.com/blog/view/315466343296012288/the-era-of-chimeras-scientists-fearlessly-create-bizarre-humananimal-hybrids Thus we have direct evidence from the Qur'an that it is incumbent upon all believers to obey the Messenger of Allah (Sallallahu alayhi wa Salaam). 

Of course, there is no such thing as a "past life"; it's only the jinns and demons who play around with the human mind. So going into some supposed past life or trying to predict the future are both haraam, since the future is part of the ghayb and is known only to Allah. 

There is yet another incident of a notable companion, Uthman bin Maz'oon (RAA), whose wife complained to the Messenger of Allah (Sallallahu alayhi wa Sallam) of his excessive worship (and thus his abstinence of physical relations with her). The hadith says that the Messenger of Allah (Sallallahu alayhi wa Sallam) was visibly upset and chastised him, saying that "Allah has not deputed me to encourage any monastic life." [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monasticism#Islam]