What is a chicken? It's a small-ish bird which doesn't fly very well. But we don't want to include kiwis or puffins as 'chickens', so perhaps we should specify that they have short beaks and don't swim well. But what about pheasants? Even if we go on to successfully isolate chickens from all other living birds by definitions, what about the ancestors of chickens who evolved into the modern farm animal? At some point there weren't chickens, and then there were. When did things change? The non-negative integers — the "natural numbers" — are just what we call our simplest tools for measuring amount. But they are our tools, extended well beyond our ability to immediately apprehend quantity, off into the dozens, hundreds, and billions — just as we have tools to help us to sense the infra-red, though we cannot directly percieve it. If you suppose that 'logic' is a human concern about the structure of the world, and that reality simply 'is', then worrying about the potential illogicality of numbers which are so large that they cannot be represented in reality is to worry about a counterfactual, and so not of any importance except how much we are entertained by the question. As long as it is possible to formulate theories with enough precision (with or without mathematics) that one may discern whether or not it seems useful in practise (neither too vague nor too inaccurate), it is not a necessary feature of science that it be mathematical. Mathematics is merely one tool of ascertaining precision and accuracy, superlative though it may be; there is no reason to believe that it excludes the possibility of all other means of judging these qualities. 

It seems to me that the problem with mathematising biology is that it would be akin to studying number theory having only random samples of numbers on the order of 1024 or larger to deal from expressed as a string of 1s. Any two are going to seem different; the probability that you will notice that you've seen the same number before will diminish rapidly with the size of the number concerned; and relationships between them apart from relative size will not be easy to formulate. It would be difficult to find out about prime numbers, for example, if one could never reliably obtain the same number twice, let alone any number less than a trillion. So it is unsurprising that biology appears to lack (or if we take 'biology' to be the human activity of studying living systems and their components, actually does lack) so-called universal laws, because it is difficult to isolate anything whose behaviour is regular enough that it possibly could give rise to one — and it is also unclear that in a complex system, that the regular behaviour of such simple subsystems could be evident in the behaviour of the whole. Any such regularity (one might imagine the conservation of energy in the form of sunlight and chemical potential as an example) might simply be deferred to chemistry or physics. 

Consider the following analogy. What is a chicken? Are chickens real? and so forth. For every ordinal α, we define α+1 := α ∪ {α}. Where cardinals express the size of a set, such as {a,b,c}, the ordinals describe the order type of a sequence, such as (a,b,c). This only becomes important when you have infinitely long sequences, however. On causality in infinite stretches of time The notion of piling on layers of conceptual shifts, as suggested by Michael Dorfman in the comments to his own answer, is akin to Knuth's up-arrow notation. But the crux of this, and even of our familiar Indo-Arabic numeral system, is that we only deal with numbers through representations of them (even if those representations are through visual images of objects such as apples). A googol is, in very ruggedly practical terms, unimaginably large (in that a googol of objects is not something you can really imagine), and a googolplex is unimaginably larger than that (in that it is not really possible to imagine how many boxes of a googol objects each would suffice to make a googolplex). But the fact that we can represent them by 10102 and 1010102 means we can still talk about them, and somehow conceive of the numbers abstractly. Perhaps the most important thing about a set S in itself is its cardinality, as the labels of the elements are not important to the set-in-itself (compare to the notion of a thing-in-itself, which is to metaphysics as a set-in-itself is to the philosophy of mathematics). As soon as you entertain the power-set, you are no longer considering the set in itself: although the elements of the set may as well be anonymous (albeit distinguishable) if you are only considering the set in itself, the distinguishability of the elements is significant to the distinguishability of the subsets, in which case the cardinality no longer characterizes the subsets. 

A better response might be to say that "zero" is not the same as "infinity" on the level of tigers or birds, but only for other physical phenomena, such as matter in the universe. (This would already indicate that the two concepts of zero and infinity are meaningfully different, and that what we're talking about is not mathematics, but physics proper.) Perhaps it is only a meaningful way of describing things on the quantum mechanical level. But here it is no better: why are there not infinitely massive balls of neutrons and protons and electrons popping out of vaccuum — not just a handful with some probability, but infinitely many, all the time, because "nothing is the same as everything"? Sure, it would crush the universe to a tiny speck under the instantaneous emergence of black holes all over the place; but this just gives us a way to see that it isn't happening, not of explaining why it doesn't if somehow "zero" equals "infinity". The problem is that even if you restrict yourself to "the quantum mechanical scale", saying that "zero equals infinity" doesn't allow you to describe features of the physical world with enough precision to explain why at any moment we aren't consumed by black holes.