Almost forgot. They must have completed homework to earn electronic privileges, and if they don't manage their homework, I don't bail them out, they have to wear the consequences of trouble at school. I do offer to help them, but they know they cannot ask me the night before, and if it's a project, they need to give me minimum, a weeks notice. It's a more sophisticated version of knowing a small child is lying about eating the chocolate cake and their face is covered in chocolate cake, but in this case the evidence is intangible, it is the knowledge I have of his knowledge ! (that sounds wrong ! lol) I usually become friends with some of my children's friends' parents. I have found this to be a valuable resource in realising that what is going on is the norm. If I see someone I like, who I think is a good parent, and the child is misbehaving or saying hurtful things, it's reassuring, that it's not necessarily personal. That it's a stage. 

I spend a frantic time drumming into my 13 year old son's head every Halloween, not to participate in egging (throwing eggs at) houses. And how it's criminal to deface property and harass people, even if he's caught in a group, he can get into trouble, without having done anything himself; as the peer pressure can be great at this age. 

The car is one of the best places to have discussions. They are forced to listen :) Does anyone have any good ideas of how to deal with this? I don't want to encourage my children to lie and feel ashamed of something that was in no way their fault; at the same time, I want to protect them from unnecessary social isolation or the stigma that suicide still has. 

I tell my children and my close friend's children .. 

How on earth can I teach my children anything positive from the whole Halloween culture? Now my daughter is a little trickier, as her needs are not in such great accord as the two boys. However, she still craves time with and the attention and approval of her eldest brother (contrary to her transient protestations). 

It took some convincing for me to persuade her to leave her hair out when she was at home and going to bed. I massaged her scalp with natural oils, in an olive oil base. I encouraged her to brush her hair with a hair brush with boar bristles, as opposed to the plastic brushes with widely separated bristles. The idea behind this was to stimulate blood flow to the scalp and loosen any dead skin. 

I hope I have explained myself well enough. Original quote by Yvette Colomb Does anybody have some good techniques for handling teenagers "playing dumb" about things? How can I get the best from my son, in terms of communicating intelligently and insightfully, rather than in a potentially destructive way of asking and making inane observations? 

I am hoping you can use some of these. It will not be easy. It is easier than having increasingly hormonal teenagers becoming delinquent. It is important you and your mother are in accord on all matters. Do not disagree in front of your sister. My son and I discuss things privately. I keep him posted and he is calm and, luckily for us, an exceptional role model.