Nobody but the most abysmall Pharisee believe this. The Catholic Church is often portrayed as taking this stance, it's just not what she teaches. Mormons appear to believe this, but I think even they have mechanisms by which you can lose your salvation. 

Needless to say (but I'll say it anyway) in just a few minutes of thinking about a question I doubt you ever considered before, you uncovered 2000 years of mariology (a separate branch of dogmatic theology from soteriology) and the rationale for the two dogmas and the one potential dogma - good job! 

Judie Brown - EWTN Q and A - 05/06/2002 

(just in case you were wondering, the people on EWTN's forum are "Experts" not shmoe's like me) 

Jimmy Akin via Judie Brown - EWTN Q and A - 06/08/2006 

493 The Fathers of the Eastern tradition call the Mother of God "the All-Holy" (Panagia), and celebrate her as "free from any stain of sin, as though fashioned by the Holy Spirit and formed as a new creature". By the grace of God Mary remained free of every personal sin her whole life long. 

It may vary parish to parish, but when you contribute to the offertory, you are helping the poor who come to be helped and healed by the local Church. 

491 Through the centuries the Church has become ever more aware that Mary, "full of grace" through God,134 was redeemed from the moment of her conception. That is what the dogma of the Immaculate Conception confesses, as Pope Pius IX proclaimed in 1854: 

Many times there will be a special collection for missions or charities. Then you know you're giving will directly help the needy, by those who can help them best. 

492 The "splendor of an entirely unique holiness" by which Mary is "enriched from the first instant of her conception" comes wholly from Christ: she is "redeemed, in a more exalted fashion, by reason of the merits of her Son". The Father blessed Mary more than any other created person "in Christ with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places" and chose her "in Christ before the foundation of the world, to be holy and blameless before him in love". 

So, one would hope it is a learning process. Few are convinced overnight. If you read Orthodoxy, by G.K. Chesterton, you'll have read the auto-biography of a man who was utterly convinced, but remained outside the Catholic Church for another 12 years. He found the truths in the Catholic Church to be astonishing. He admired it because it is a "Truth telling thing". Everyone, with a soul, applauds whem seeing truth spoken to power; but it makes power nervous. When truth is spoken to everyone, everyone gets nervous - it's a natural consequence of our fallen nature. Chesterton has no more "Idea of becoming a Catholic than becoming a Cannibal" 

This portrayal of the atonement sounds to me most like the ransom theory of atonement. Though the word "ransom" is not used, the Devil owns the sinner and gives him up only after justice is satisfied through a sacrifice. 

Grudem agrees, and writes more regarding the general revelation mentioned in Romans 1: 

For King, individual salvation in some ways resembles that of historic Protestantism – man is a sinner needing salvation, which is by faith – but differs in other ways, such as in his rejection of a physical resurrection of believers. This understanding fits neatly in his broader understanding of salvation, which applies not just to individuals, but to societies as well. 

However, elsewhere he uses language more closely aligned with other models, such as the ransom to Satan model. In Perelandra, the divine voice says to the protagonist (named Ransom), "My name also is Ransom": 

Simultaneously, the God-man must be willing to make the sacrifice. Anselm cites Isaiah 53:7 ("He was made a sacrifice, because he willed it") and John 10:18 ("power to lay down his life and take it up again") to argue that Jesus did in fact sacrifice himself voluntarily (2.17), and contends that other passages, like Philippians 2:8–9 and Matthew 26:39, do not contradict this understanding (1.9). 

Notice that Paul's words presuppose that the faithful Christian is not just desiring to be righteous, but is actively working toward it. This is the second half of the justification equation, and Protestants either miss or ignore it." [italics in original. p100.] 

According to What Catholics Really Believe: 52 Answers to Common Misconception About the Catholic Faith by Karl Keating (Ignatius Press): 

Modern Christians have various ideas of salvation since Jesus came (going to heaven when you die; free from the curse of the law; set free from the flesh, the devil and the world; adopted into God's family, etc.). 

After the Fall, God communicated to Adam and Eve promises of a deliverer, such as the promise of Genesis 3:15, "And I will put enmity between you [the serpent] and the woman, and between your seed and her Seed; He shall bruise your head, and you shall bruise His heel.". When they believed in this, they believed in the God who spoke it. They were "saved" because of their faith in the promise (believing in Him who spoke it), but still had to suffer the consequences of the Fall. 

For King, individual salvation in some ways resembles that of historic Protestantism – man is a sinner needing salvation, which is by faith – but differs in other ways, such as in his rejection of a physical resurrection of believers. This understanding fits neatly in his broader understanding of salvation, which applies not just to individuals, but to societies as well. 

Commentators call this understanding "feudal in origin" (xviii), and Anselm provides only indirect biblical basis. First, Boso, cites Colossians 2:14 ("bond of the decree") and John 8:34 ("slave of sin") as evidence that man is not a slave to the devil, but a slave to God's decree, and, by extension, to God himself (1.7). Later, in 1.19, Boso and Anselm interact over the implications of "forgive us our debts" in the Lord's Prayer (Matthew 6:12). In neither case does Anselm attempt to refute Boso, and in 1.20, he too adopts the word "bondslave" to describe man's relationship to God.