NOTE: This answer pertains to the original unedited version of the question which asked "Who is the last US president to pay off debt?" Thus, the extra taxes imposed on the highest tax bracket on 1990s (1995) level using 2010 incomes would cover a whopping 2.84% (or $31.87B) of 2012 yearly Federal deficit. There are other public considerations as far as macroeconomic effect of household debt; but that's far murkier and less direct - for example, effects can actually differ between short and long term; and different models and studies don't always agree. Having said that, stock options are rapidly falling out of favor due to having major downsides compared to other forms of stock incentives such as restricted stock grants, due to downsides they offer: the first time it was decreased in rising interest rate environment since at least before 2000 (the last cuts were 2001 during rate cuts and Jan 2015, when rates were historically low and so far staying that way). So, for a business with $300k income or less, complying with such regulations would mean they go out of business. Campaign money: In reality, spending is slightly less since not 100% of funds is disbursed. 

Stock options have a downside of incentivising over-aggressiveness and risk taking, e.g. see this UND study which has flaws but is still interesting which found correlation with product recalls. If a large portion of CEO's wealth/income is dependent on being a shareholder, on the other hand, they are less likely to be incentivised to do so. 

libertarianism.org has a pretty detailed essay by Matt Zwolinski (who is a Philosophy professor and a left-wing Libertarian popular on Bleeding Heart Libertarians resource) asking himself the same question you did: "Why Did Hayek Support a Basic Income?" This article studied effects of company performance on CEO's wealth and concluded two things: 

While typically, this is reflected in limiting the liability as far as legal/financial side, anonymity of beneficiary also removes social liability - which is vital. You don't want someone's business targeted just because the owner is a Mormon, or voted for Hamilton, or publicly supported repeal of Prohibition. Side #2: Would disallowing it help significantly? 

As such, we are forced to conclude that some of the restrictions of freedom of employee is NOT the product of workers’ free choice, but rather something imposed on workers against their will by those who wield power over them. 

Before you raise the issue of "if that's what's supposed to happen, how come CEOs are paid so much yet performance is so meh", that's because they are actually far less stock-invested now than before. According to 1990 Harvard Business Review article "CEO Incentives—It’s Not How Much You Pay, But How ": In late-2013, for the first time in its history, the FHA was forced to draw close to two billion dollars from the U.S. Treasury. Since that time, however, the FHA's fortunes have reversed. 

Private debt: while some nudge based policies can have impact here; there's really not all THAT much direct government action can achieve here. They usually no more than minor inconvenience the ruling elite (even if aimed at said elite directly as was the case with Russia sanctions in 2010s); and the people who run the country rarely care about impact of sanctions on their populace. 

Zwolinski himself does not elaborate on why such an imbalance can exist, but it's easy to find out scenarios that provide it. The job market overall may be tight (labor supply greatly outweight labor demand). Even barring that, an employee is likely to need the job more than employer needs the employee for a variety of factors; for example the fact that loss of wages constitute far more of a percentage loss of employee's needs than loss of his labor being a fraction of loss of employer's needs.