For a real world example, many schools are shifting to a data-driven approach to learning, based on statistical analysis of educational outcomes. However, one might argue that the really important things to pay attention in education to are the outliers --the successes or failures that lie outside the realm of statistical probability. 

Saints Augustine and Aquinas (the two greatest theologians of the pre-Reformation Christian church) identified God, as understood in the Christian tradition, with the Ideal of Good, as described in Plotinus' "neo-Platonic" worldview. They thus united the personal perspective on God from the Biblical tradition with the abstract perspective of a neo-Platonic philosopher. As a side note, if you want to give them a non-scientific, intuitive argument, try this one. There's an every increasing number of people in the world, using up an increasing amount of resources and energy. It's irrational to think that can continue indefinitely without creating some kind of environmental disaster of some kind --not necessarily climate change, but something. It would be possible to argue, on the one hand that the subject of immortality is properly a matter of religious faith, and therefore that philosophy should stay out of it, or on the other, that it is scientifically unverifiable, and thus no proper subject for philosophy, but either claim is best classified as a disputed minority viewpoint within the wider scope of the field over the course of time. 

I would argue that mathematics is indeed value-laden. One of the central ideas in statistics is that the individual case is not important, it's the aggregate of a large number of separate pieces of data that carry significance. Conversely, in chaos theory, a central concept is that an arbitrarily small change can have an arbitrarily large impact. I would call these value-laden perspectives. If you choose to analyze a given situation statistically, it implies a value judgement about what kind of things you'll chose to take as important, and what kinds of information you're willing to discard. As change becomes quicker, we find ourselves in 'revolutionary' periods of great length or recurring with great frequency. To the degree Popperianism wants to put the brakes on this, it will thwart progress. 

It is very hard to really tell these two apart in practice, and Kuhn's theory is layered upon that of his mentor, so they also do not really conflict obviously. Kuhn, in his successive publications, keeps alternately emphasizing this ultimate lack of conflict, and pointing out how much more he favors his own ideas, which, in the end, does not improve our clarity. But the notion of paradigm does seem, to many, to fit the pattern of historical periods of peace and strife within a discipline, as periods where paradigms had been chosen and times when they were in contention with one another. 

The rest of 3) seems equally obvious. The predictions of ethics and other 'modal' disciplines (religion, literary theory, depth psychology) cannot be disproven in the way that the predictions of astrology can, because they are always suspended in modal logic, implicity wrapped in 'oughts' or 'mights' or 'woulds'. So I am not sure we need a different demarcation criterion, because the nature of the predictions themselves are different and the methods of challenge are totally disjoint. If I am predicting a certain class of people are going to have better communication skills during a given week because of the position of Mercury relative to the house of their birth, that is a statistical statement that can be disproven. But I cannot prove infanticide is wrong without some context. In the philosophy of science, I would say the position farthest from Positivism is the strong Kuhnian position on incompatibility of paradigms. It maintains that during certain periods of science, when the community of practice in general is unhappy with their ability to make progress with the dominant paradigm, alternatives arise and one of those is selected as a basis for further progress. 

Heisenberg's famous 'uncertainty principle' is theoretically traceable to the fact that we are limited to using atoms and fields as ways of getting observations, and that those involve waves that necessarily interact with the thing you wish to measure before you succeed at taking a measurement. Attempts to correct for the aspects of those waves you cannot determine would involve another set of waves, and another set of values impossible to fix. This does not presume any basic underlying randomness of the universe, only effects that can never be measured or known. There are deterministic models of this inequality, although they have undesirable qualities of their own. 

If an angel came up to someone and demonstrated his powers, a modern man is just as likely to assume they are some kind of advanced alien, rather than an angel. Or we will anthropologically and psychologically explain why they are the 'cause' of the mythology of angels, like in Arthur Clarkes "Childhood's End." Theory moves around not just facts, and statistics, but definitions, as it evolves. We value theories that more 'objectivising' in that they involve less subjective interpretation as they are practiced over time. (This is a variant of Popper's falsifiability constraint broadened to meet Lakatos' objection -- each failure to abandon a theory based on a failed prediction requires a subjective reason, and you eventually run out.) 

Many great mathematicians have been people of faith. Pascal and Descartes, two giants of the field, are merely the first that come to mind. And all the way back to Pythagoras, the "mysterious" qualities of math (how it all fits together, seemingly by itself, and how mathematical entities seem to have their own independent existence) have attracted those of a mystical frame of mind. It is even the case that Platonic idealism, which posits the real existence of non physical entities, still has a following among mathematicians, although it is largely discounted elsewhere. Saints Augustine and Aquinas (the two greatest theologians of the pre-Reformation Christian church) identified God, as understood in the Christian tradition, with the Ideal of Good, as described in Plotinus' "neo-Platonic" worldview. They thus united the personal perspective on God from the Biblical tradition with the abstract perspective of a neo-Platonic philosopher. As a side note, if you want to give them a non-scientific, intuitive argument, try this one. There's an every increasing number of people in the world, using up an increasing amount of resources and energy. It's irrational to think that can continue indefinitely without creating some kind of environmental disaster of some kind --not necessarily climate change, but something.