Gaining information is not the only reason for asking questions. Asking questions is a very powerful teaching device--not because the teacher does not know the answer, but because in the answering of the questions the students learn. God doesn't say He doesn't know what's going in in Sodom. He just says that He is going to go there to observe it. He doesn't just observe either--He also takes Lot out of the city. 

There is, however, a distinction in the impact of His presence. For instance, if the police show up while a crime is taking place, how can they tell the difference between the criminal and the victim? The answer, of course, is that the criminal runs in fear, while the victim is relieved. Two people with two very different responses to the presence of the police. So, God is not jealous of another god or another being, but for the affections of His people. 

God created the physical universe of time, space, and matter, so He is completely outside of those things--beyond space, beyond time, and matter--and is not limited by those things. Yet, again, that does not mean He is everything--or everyone. He is only Himself and not His creation. 

A note about the phrase "only begotten"... This comes from the word in Greek "monogenes", which is a compound word--"mono" and "genes". A literal translation of this could be "one kind". 

Yet, His authority is not merely over the physical world, but over the spiritual realm as well, as demonstrated in Jesus casting out demons. As an aside, hate is often misunderstood as the opposite of love. However, apathy seems to be a better candidate for this. The fact that one does not love a particular person does not necessarily mean he hates the person. He may not know the person at all, so he would be apathetic towards him. So, the fact that God asks questions does not mean He lacks knowledge or information and must gain it from the minds of men. He asks questions for other reasons, just like you and I do in our conversations with other people. 

His sonship is a "one of a kind" sonship specifically because He is the only eternal Son. His sonship is unlike any other. It describes relationship, but not progression or succession. 

Testing is another issue. Like questions, God is not gaining information by it. It actually does a lot for us, as we build up a history of learning from both the right and wrong decisions we make. If we are tested and fail, we deal with the guilt and the understanding of what we ought to have done. If we are tested and succeed, we set a pattern for future testings. 

The Bible never indicates in any way that there was or ever will be any reproduction in the spiritual realm. It is important to note that God is spirit--not physical. We obey the laws of physics because they bind us to them. We obey moral laws because we bind ourselves to them. 

A created being cannot become uncreated. A mortal being, or even an immortal being (that had a beginning but will live forever), cannot become eternal (without a beginning). God is certainly not everything. He is holy--not unholy. He is just--not unjust. He is good--not evil. He is infinite--not finite. 

Thus, Adam and Eve hide from God, Cain tries to excuse his responsibility, many people try their best to convince themselves that God does not exist. Adam said it well, "I heard You in the garden, and I was afraid, because I was naked (shame), so I hid." 

Considering the omnipresence of God, a good question to ask would be, "How could God not be around Satan?" Psalm 139 as well as other places describe how God is everywhere and fills heaven and earth. 

The Maker of the physical universe certainly has the power to create new matter according to His own will, as in the case of the Feeding of the 5,000. He can change matter according to His will as well, as in the case of the Turning of the Water into Wine, the healing of the blind, the raising of the dead, etc. 

Two people can be in the same room, and a married couple can even sleep in the same bed, but they can be completely isolated from each other--not physically, but emotionally and spiritually. So, it's possible for God and Satan to be in close proximity, yet be completely isolated. 

God also asks rhetorical questions, as He did to Job. "Where were you when I laid the foundations of the earth?" 

So, God is not confined by what we happen to refer to as the laws of physics. They are laws the govern the physical universe. They do not govern God Himself.