So, [O Muhammad], We have only made Qur'an easy in the Arabic language that you may give good tidings thereby to the righteous and warn thereby a hostile people. 

Another very important thing is that understanding Quran in next stage after language, needs a clear heart. So anyone which can read Quran in Arabic does not mean that he/she understands it well. Please see [56:79] 

Indeed, it is a noble Qur'an (77) In a Register well-protected; (78) None touch it except the purified. (79) [It is] a revelation from the Lord of the worlds. (80) 

Do not worry about learning Arabic, you don't have to learn Arabic completely. Quran's Arabic is really simple and understandable. Quran describes huge concepts just by simple words and grammar. I myself cannot read any Arabic text except Quran. Because Quran's words are optimized to a small collection and it's grammar is simple and integrated in whole of it. 

But why Arabic? I have 3 experiences, Arabic, Persian and English. But the Persian and English translation does not have any effect on my heart! you say why? because the translated one is no longer in it's original harmonic provided by God and also consider you want to drink water and compare drinking with a glass or with a plate and a spoon. The water is same but the structure which keeps the water is very important. In same way, I think Arabic structure and grammar can traverse more information and feel with always fresh optimized words and sentence length. Please see also [19:97] 

I understand you well because I have a situation like you. My native language is Persian but we learn Arabic and English too in our education process. So I can read and compare Quran in both Arabic and Persian, English translation. I strongly recommend you to read Quran in Arabic. 

There are also verses where "the book" is used in the same way that "the prophethood" is used, i.e. as a more general concept, e.g. verses 29:27 and 57:26. 

However, the canonization of Quran only happened during the time of third Caliph. His rule starts 12 years after the death of the prophet, i.e. 644 A.D. He also destroyed all other codified versions of Quran. From that point we are rather certain that what we have is close to what was compiled at the time of third Caliph. Today we have copies dating back to 688 A.D. 

From what Quran describes it seems that the Jews and Christian at the time of the prophet had access to the book (though according to Quran Injil and Torah has been altered to some extend). This is because Quran states that there are believers among people of the book that read the book the way it should be read (verse 3:113). 

A lot has been written about why Quran is a miracle. One of the main ones I think is stated in verse 28:49: 

This is also a weak argument to me. God can guide whomever he want however he wants. He doesn't need to follow what some people might think he should. 

In a story it is said God said to go to a man and meet him. he went and say in a city that all are atheist there is a poor and blind man and is the only believer. Moses a.s. said him do you want to I ask God to cure your eyes? he replied: No, what God prefers for me is more likely for me that what I prefer for myself. then Moses a.s. look him more and saw his eye are coming out of their places and he is getting more and more sick but does not ask God to cure him. 

This is the verse prohibiting Tawassul. 

In a Hadith Imam Sadiq a.s. said to one of his companions: 

Perhaps you think Allah (AWJ) created only this universe and created no humans unless you?! Yes, By Allah Indeed God created thousands of thousands of universes and thousands of thousands of Adams that you are at the end of those universes and Adams. 

Think not of those who are killed in the Way of Allah as dead. Nay, they are alive, with their Lord, and they have provision. http://tanzil.net/#3:169