But with Heart of the Swarm they changed it so that when you choose to play vs AI from the Matchmaking menu it sets the difficulty depending on how you preform vs A.I. 

When using multiple exits it will alternate between them, so if you have 2 zerglings, a roach, 2 more zergling and one more roach enter the network and you then command 3 Worms to unload all you will get 2 zerglings from 2 of the worms and 2 roaches from the third. 

I have tried finding some information on the quote, but so fare no luck more than one place. 

If non of this things are your problem you can try this 

its detection range is equal to its sight range, its attack range is 7 and its sight range is 11 

Gerdes, I is a reference to Ian Gerdes who is a Level Designer at Blizzard. 

He also worked on StarCraft: Ghost, World of Warcraft The Burning Crusade and Wrath of the Lich King and there is a character named after him(some think it is a reference to Grizzly Adams, but he looks more like David Adams). 

The advantage of this solution, compared to copying the DVD files to the USB and then installing on the computer without DVD drive, is that you can take the USB to a machine with a good internet connection and update the game, because even when installing from DVD you should expect to download a 1-3 Gb patch. 

It's also key to keep their colossi numbers down. Losing 2-3 vikings to take out 1 colossi is huge and well worth the trade. This can be combined with drop play. If you see that they are back at base dealing with your drop with warp-ins and haven't moved their army, stim in and attack his main force before he reacts, by targetting the colossi and taking them out of the battle, your infantry force will be that much stronger. 

There are a few things that you can do to kill a void ray rush, mass stalkers that target fire can counter his void rays. Just shift+right-click his void rays and they will drop like flies. 

Or they could just be talking about the Protoss unit ;) 

In the case of seeing an opponents most played race while in game, this is not possible. 

It also upgrades into a Heart of the Swarm version of the Mothership, which compared to the Wings of Liberty version, has Time Warp instead of Vortex. 

Another good thing to target are SCVs that are building something. This is will slow down the production of the building forcing them to pull another SCV off harvesting duty to finish the building. This will slow down their economy allowing you to pull ahead in the resources game. If you can outright destroy the building in production that's even better as the resources spent on building it are completely lost forever. 

I notice that you don't have any sentries listed there and they do help in your fights, guardian shield reduces the damage from marauders and they also provide your best ability to deal with them, forcefields. 

Infestor Fungal Growth damage changed from 36 (+30% armored) to 30 (40 vs Armored). 

The amount that the players play train their eyesight to recognize these blurs to instantly spot that their screen looks just a little bit off is an indicator for them to scan and kill the Observer/DT, etc. 

Use drops to keep his army out of position and win the attrition war. What I mean by this is that when they pull their army back to base, use your main force to knock out expansions. If you can keep denying expansions, they can't replenish their force as quickly as you can, or they can't afford it. If they don't pull their army back, they're warping in units at home, which means their front line army is that much weaker. 

Oracle This is a very fast, offensive unit that is frequently used to grant high ground vision and hit and run tactics. It also has a support ability to slow units to a crawl so the ground forces can catch up. 

Contaminate energy cost increased from 75 to 125. 

Blinding Cloud completely negates the range attack of all units forcing them to become melee fighters. This ability used against any army can be devestating if there is no melee backup. A cloud on a group of marines and marauders makes them useless against a zergling army. It provides time for those lings or ultralisks to cover the ground between the units without taking any damage. Well placed clouds can cripple the power of an attacking army while your melee units do damage (roaches melee when close enough). 

Envision is a self casted ability that grants the Oracle detection for 60 seconds. 

Unit vision up ramps has been reduced by 1. 

The mine itself does not have a lot of health. You want the mines to be in place before your attacks/defense needs to occur. The top of ramps, 1/2 a screen behind the battle area so that when you "retreat" the enemy gets drawn into it, even in lower leagues, you may be able to sneak a drop in and activate a mine on your opponents mineral line fully decimating their harvester count. These are all good places to use the mine.