It seems to be fairly common for boys of that age to start getting disruptive. (Not that girls can't be disruptive too, but it's less common for girls to directly act out that way - http://faculty.chicagobooth.edu/marianne.bertrand/research/papers/the%20trouble%20with%20boys.pdf ) It's good that you are addressing the problem early. Having the report card is a great start. Now, what do you do about it when you get the card? Simply getting a piece of paper isn't going to mean anything to him. We allow him to play as much as he wants if all chores and homework are done and as long as he is able to keep his grades up. If he violates the rules, he loses electronics for a day. Or more. Basically, you need to set up the rules and then enforce them. Our son knows beforehand what is expected of him; we don't want him to feel that we are tacking on extras to keep him from playing games, and once he is done he is able to use his free time as he chooses. Interestingly, my son and my daughter have developed extremely different spending patterns according to their personalities. Money burns a hole in my son's pocket. If he has any money at all he spends it on the first impulse item he sees and wants. This has carried over into his early teen years, unfortunately. I think it is a product of his early life in an extremely poor rural Chinese orphanage (he was 4-1/2 when we adopted him). Aside from the self discipline and physical and martial training, one benefit kids can get from martial training is that it reduces the trauma of physical violence. Children who grow up tussling with their siblings have healthier attitudes about and reactions to physical conflicts. There's a good article about that here: http://www.todaysparent.com/family/parenting/roughhousing-aggressive-or-constructive-behaviour/ Training in martial arts can also be a game changer. As long as you get a good instructor. If you haven't seen the Karate Kid (2010 version) I'd recommend it...it has some great examples of both good and bad instructors. Exaggerated of course, but you have to exaggerate a bit with kids :) He's very young now, but setting the groundwork for kindergarten and later years is very important. Show him that you are a part of what is happening at school, and that will give you far more influence over how he behaves there. Show him that you are going to back up his teachers, and he will be more likely to listen to them. I, in turn, used to use that same technique to keep my brothers in line, even after they grew taller and heavier than me. I trained myself to be completely non-ticklish. It was a way I could keep them in line without being punished by my parents. It wasn't until I got a lot older and more reflective that I realized what I had been doing, and what had been done to me. Coping with stress: Divergent strategies of optimists and pessimists. In any case, I see a problem with the fundamental way you're approaching this. Regarding bad behavior that they did not witness or suffer consequences for, would I confess to my children that I ran a stop sign and didn't get caught? No. I would not burden them with that information. A healthy relationship with food (eating when hungry; eating healthful foods) starts, according to Slatter, You have a different child, and she is not wrong, either, in the way she handles her feelings. You have taught her to be thoughtful of people and to understand that people have to do things like leave at a certain time, and you're proud of her ability to handle her disappointment the way she does at these times. Tell her it's ok to act the way she does, and it's not ok for her grandparents to suggest she be more like somebody else. She is who she is, and she's a good girl who you love to bits and pieces. When he screams at you or throws f-bombs or anything else to disrupt your thinking, turn on the rational side, and deal with the behavior. For example, if he is shouting, no matter what he is shouting, just refuse to "have this conversation while you're shouting". That's all you need to do initially, and repeat without emotion as often as needed. Depending on what his ultimate goal is for shouting, you can simply leave the room if he doesn't stop, or - if you suspect he wants the room for some reason - sit down and say nothing in response. But life as usual doesn't just go on. He gets no rewards for abusing you; no electronics, no trips to friends' houses, etc. The consequences need to be consistently applied.