It doesn't matter whether you use the word "Jazakallah Khair" or "Shukran" or "thanks", unless you do something useful to the person who helped you. So, instead the one who helped you prefers something useful in return from you. So, simply using the modern "thanks" to please him would do him no good to please him in reality unless you specify, that you did something useful for him, i.e. by specifying that you prayed for him, i.e. by saying "Jazakallah Khair" (May Allah reward you with good things). After listening, to this, a person / believer / who is aware of what "Jazakallah Khair" means and it's importance would be glad to hear this than a modern "thanks". I think it is pretty clear in the article pointed by Mr. Dinar the actual meaning of the word "Shukr" or the actual "thank". 

Your question is vague. I'll explain you how in contrast with today's world of thanking vs the "thanking" used in Qur'an 31:14 and also probably used in the article pointed out by Dinar in the comments. (https://plus.google.com/109702928551400026668/posts/VcqzMhdLe7e) 

To see the detailed answer, please refer to the sources. 

Consequently, doing Mut'ah for married person would be permissible, by s/he ought to note some points as I termed (Although others ought to note them as well) Moreover, I strongly recommend you to read the links below as two related helpful issues. In case the person who is saying prayer doesn’t cover his Awrah, his salah is invalid… Or he has quoted in another matter that “if the clothes covers the Awrah in the standing situation, but perhaps it doesn’t cover it in another situation such as Roku or Sojud, then in case that he covers it by something (when his Awrah is seeable), then his salah would be correct. (Ayatollah Sistani as a Shia Marja’ al Taqlid) { www.sistani.org } 

On the whole, the definition of Walimah is: 

As a conclusion, such using of words/phrase in that Ayah seems to be related to emphasizing of monotheism politeness (and being aware about the will of Allah in performing everything/everytime -as much as possible-) but it doesn't mean that it is Wajib to say so. 

I think it is pretty clear in the article pointed by Mr. Dinar the actual meaning of the word "Shukr" or the actual "thank". I don't see how today's definition of simply writing the word or saying "Thanks" would even come closer to the actual "Thanks". 

Actual (and rather useful) thanks: do something useful to the one who helped you. It doesn't matter whether you use the word "Jazakallah Khair" or "Shukran" or "thanks", unless you do something useful to the person who helped you. So, instead the one who helped you prefers something useful in return from you. So, simply using the modern "thanks" to please him would do him no good to please him in reality unless you specify, that you did something useful for him, i.e. by specifying that you prayed for him, i.e. by saying "Jazakallah Khair" (May Allah reward you with good things). After listening, to this, a person / believer / who is aware of what "Jazakallah Khair" means and it's importance would be glad to hear this than a modern "thanks".