You've revised the question in comments; you're not asking why people opposed Communism, you're asking why they opposed it more than Fascism (dictators) Communists rejected religion and pretty much all traditions. If there was something you liked about your childhood - a holiday, a meal, the notion of a birthday present? that was counterrevolutionary and must be suppressed by force. Everything you remember as pleasant must be replaced by communism. You have no immortal soul, there is no God. If you believe there is a god, the train to the labor camp starts on the left. If your parents are religious, the state will ship them off to a labor camp; all you need to do is betray them to the state. Or if you have some loyalty higher than the state, the train to the labor camp begins on the left. _Note - @jamessqf says that anti-religion was a major selling feature of communism. I get that - the Great War had made it tough to believe in a loving God. But there is a big difference between doubting god and never celebrating Christmas again (or Eid, or Yom Kippur, or..). Most of us have a bit more trouble telling our parents that we reject everything they have taught us about good and evil. That not only are they profoundly wrong, but that unless they embrace the revolution, the train to the labor camp begins on the left. Wikipedia lists execution of 1,175 heretics in 1794 (although it doesn't say whether it was an Abrahamic heretic, I'm going to assume that at least one was non-Abrahamic). In order to establish continuous "pagan" presence, we need to demonstrate that they existed between 1795 and 1900; I'll leave that task to others since I'm about to run out of time. update in response to comments. The King could declare a new tax, but unless he went door to door to collect it, he would receive no tax revenue. Tax collectors performed the function their fathers did, in the way their fathers did, and distributed the revenue the way their fathers did. The tax collector didn't work for an institution, he held a sinecure, and there was no real way to remove him from office. (which had something to do with the levels of corruptions which are unimaginable to modern students.) Every tax collector, every judge, every magistrate, every gendarme, every minor elected official had their own version of how the government was supposed to work. (actually they had two - one they paid lip service to, and one they actually carried out day to day.) If the King declared "Water is wet", the entrenched bureaucracy of these street level bureaucrats woudl interpret that as "The King has declared that water is wet, and in accordance with my ancient perogatives and the authority of my office, I interepret that to mean that I should have more Jam on my bread!". And there wasn't anyone in the whole country that could disagree. The king could dismiss you from his presence, and might be able to dismiss you from a top level office, but he didn't control enough offices in the country to make a difference. It was "personal rule" not just because he ruled without governance, but because the limit of his authority was the limit of his personal influence.