18 Then they also which are fallen asleep in Christ are perished. 

This generally goes along with the idea that God is Spirit (John 4:24), and not a physical being of flesh and bone. Although some denominations, like the LDS, teach that God is a being of flesh and bone, and that omnipresence has a slightly different meaning. The question seems to be based on a false premise. Most of Israel is not a desert. This also ties in with 1 Corinthians 15, which speaks of a bodily resurrection. (more here) The implication seems to be that it is the body that dies, and the body that needs to be resurrected. From many sermons I've heard on the subject, here are a few: So rather than sticking to my assumption, I'm asking the community: 

For many Christians, God is also not limited to our universe. As the self-existing Creator of the universe, He us greater than it, and not limited to the universe. 16 For if the dead rise not, then is not Christ raised: 

As far as I know, and in the Christian circles I'm familiar with, the position that I hold, which C.S. Lewis so eloquently states is the commonly held understanding of the word "Omnipotence", but I run into people here and there that stick to the idea that God can do the logically impossible. The linked article goes into more depth than I will here, discussing the fact that a similar change occurred in the climate in Northern Africa. This does not mean that all things by themselves are good. It means that He causes all things to result in a good end. Kent Hovind uses an example to illustrate. (Paraphrasing): 

In casual usage, "miracle" is seen as any event that is statistically unlikely but beneficial, (such as surviving a natural disaster), or simply a "wonderful" occurrence, regardless of likelihood, such as a birth. Other miracles might be: survival of a terminal illness, escaping a life threatening situation or 'beating the odds'. Some coincidences may be perceived to be miracles.[3] 

From the LDS article on Eternal Life: From http://www.parentcompany.com/awareness_of_god/aog11.htm 

I guess I'd question whether or not God's children really do suffer more than the wicked. We all suffer in this world, and while some Christians suffer horrific things, so do non-believers. But assuming the premise is true... I'm questioning my own understanding of the term "Omnipotence" in response so a comment on one of my answers. 

17 And if Christ be not raised, your faith is vain; ye are yet in your sins. 22 For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive. 

21 For since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead. 

The two should go hand in hand. 

15 Yea, and we are found false witnesses of God; because we have testified of God that he raised up Christ: whom he raised not up, if so be that the dead rise not. 

In addition, there is Scriptural evidence that the climate was different then. As for why Christians would suffer more than the unsaved, we can look to Hebrews 12:5-11