You need to purchase a SRAM 10 speed rear derailleur to ensure compatibility with your shifters. SRAM previously made a wide range of derailleurs for X5, X7, X9, X0 and XX but have limited their range to GX and X0 following the market shift to 11 speed drive trains. You have previously been able to purchase replacement Fox Kashima CSUs (crown/ steerer/ upper) that many companies will install as an aftermarket option on OEM forks. There are other factors that influence the price of a complete bike that may explain the difference between the 456 and the Codeine. The £899 45650B is an intermediate level specification whilst everything I have seen on the Codeine indicate it will have a high performance build. The differences from what I've seen include: I don't think you are matching like for like and actually the price differential is quite small. No it would not cause any technical issue to the bike. How well it handles can only be determined by experimenting. Both are XC bikes, 29" and alloy. 

Your current set up will also be running a long cage derailleur which will now be redundant and you could move to a medium length RD. The longer cage could exacerbate chain slap so may be worth changing if that is important too you. 

However Shimano only have one non-clutched XT Dyna-Sys (10 speed) RD the RD-M780-SGS (long cage 43t capacity). The clutched (shadow+) RDs come in GS (medium 35t cap) and SGS (long 43t cap). The 27.5+ tyre has a similar diameter to a 29 tyre. If you want to maintain the geometry and handling of a bike move to 29. 

Your options are limited as SRAM and Shimano rear derailleurs/shifters are not compatible. Not sure why you're planning to move away from 27.5+, nothing suggest any benefits of 27.5 over 27.5+. 

The bike I spend most of my time on at the moment is a steel hardtail which under the top tube has a route for two gear cables and a brake hose (FD-RB-RD). I'm wondering if there was anyway to snuggly attach two lines to the brake hose hangers or if there is another tidy and safe alternative? Shimano have three codes for rear derailleur length: 

Either way moving to a 27.5 or 29 will require a new wheel set. The plus rims are too wide for a standard tyre, although it may work it would give the tyre a bad shape. You could reuse the hubs you have which would save you money but that would make the conversion back more difficult. But you'd only have to buy rims. In NZ I'd say about 40%the cost of a wheel set comes from the hubs ($800 for a wheelset, $200 for rims, $100 for spokes, $200 for labour and $300 for hubs). Unfortunately boost hubs and the xd driver will be at the steeper end of the market. Not that you would notice, as user2480585 has stated bumpiness of a ride is generally a tune issue rather than a fork issue. The 32 Evolution is a more than capable fork and if you were an advanced rider you're unlikely to feel the difference that the kashima coating would make. 

Next, try to increase your top end gear inches. A larger front sprocket and/or smaller rear cluster. You will almost certainly need to change your chain length for this, and might run into a tooth capacity problem with your rear derailer, depending on how you do it. 

To use the boot you get the tube repaired and installed, and just before you put the tire back on the rim you work the boot in between the tube and tire so that it covers the hole. Then put the tire back on the rim and inflate. The procedure is to remove the wheel from the bike, then use the tire "irons" (most of which now are actually made of plastic) to pry one side of the tire off the rim. (This procedure is a bit more complicated than that statement -- it takes practice to do without damaging the inner tube further, and an entire article could be written on this topic alone.) Then remove the inner tube from inside the tire. Even the best of locks when used properly don't completely guarantee that you bike won't be stolen. Thieves have been known to use portable angle grinders to cut locks which can cut any lock ever made like it's butter. I'm pretty sure the product you are looking for doesn't exist. The reason this doesn't exist is because it wouldn't be possible. You could build a lock that would automatically lock the wheels based on a proximity detector linked to your cell phone. But the bike wouldn't actually be locked to anything. It would be trivially easy for a thief to pickup up the bike and walk away with it, or throw it in the back of a truck and drive away. They could then break the lock with any number of tools once they had it in their own garage, even it it required destroying the wheels. 

There are locks that can be unlocked with your cell phone, but none of them lock your bike automatically. The easiest kind of lock you could get would be a wheel lock. It's permanently attached to your frame so that you can't forget it. It does require that you use the key to lock it, because if it locked and you didn't have your key on you, you would have to walk home. It is very susceptible to the "pick up and walk away" theft method, and therefore I would not use it on a bike of much value, but it does have the convenience of always being there, and being very easy to deploy.