Note: I'm not interested in examples of stones from Roman buildings being taken from the original cite and reused elsewhere as there are numerous such places. 

Aquincum Museum (Budapest) (Description of Gravestone of Pattevilla and his family) 

This article on the villa at Rivenhall in Essex from Historic England says 

In a footnote, Sear adds (referring to the aforementioned Regionary catalogues): 

Sear goes into much detail on seat measurements and theatre types, and provides several tables showing the capacity of different theatres. He also explains the problems in calculating capacity: 

The commonest form of underwear was the subligaculum, a basic loincloth worn by both men and women. 

Frank Sear, in 'Roman Theatres: An Architectural Study', disagrees with this estimate: 

Translation What is certain is that, in spite of the severity of his condition, the slave could have a happy life. He who lived in the city was not confined to the house, nor was he strictly confined to housework. He participated in the joyful existence of his master, he frequented the public baths as his master did and he attended circus or arena games. 

As noted in this post, the infrastructure and buildings which the Romans left behind gradually fell apart, mostly abandoned and used as sources of building materials for other constructions. However, this Britain Express article Roman villas in England says 

Were there other groups who were also banned? 

One thing that made identification difficult is that most Antoninus Pius coins show him with beard. 

Actors. According to this blog, 'Actors, in Roman society, were considered to hold a lower, dangerous status and were often avoided.' 

Here's another source, this one in French: 

In summary, discounting the temporary theatre mentioned by Pliny, it would appear that (based on modern estimates) Ephesus may well shade all the others in terms of seating capacity. 

This is puzzling as anyone looking through a glass bottle of water cannot help but notice magnification. There is another reason for questioning the accuracy of the article: the sentence about Romans discovering glass in the 1st century AD. 

The 20,000 estimate is based the work of Cynthia Finlayson who was involved in excavations in the area from 2008 to 2010. 

Is there any evidence of glass vision aids? Or did they use something else? In particular, I’m thinking of 9th to 12th century monks poring over manuscripts and writing chronicles in dodgy candlelight (or is this just a movie cliche?). Although people probably had better eyesight in earlier times, I’m thinking that many of these monks – especially the ones past 40 – would have found magnification very useful, even essential. 

Source: http://www.forumromanum.org/life/johnston_7.html 

and it appears that the same happened in Spain and possibly France. 

Clothes, including underwear, were usually made of either wool or linen, but the elite would have been able to afford cotton (imported from India) and silk (from the Far East). Evidence for leather lower undergarments has also been found. Lots of sewing in garments was rare as it was difficult to do (needles were made of bone and hard to use). 

According the website Colosseum, some people were banned from attending events at the Colosseum. The same information is given on the Wikipedia Colosseum page which cites the book Rome: An Oxford Archaeological Guide. However, none of these sources gives a reason (the website Colosseum may also have got the information from the same source as Wikipedia), while Keith Hopkins, in 'The Colosseum', does not appear to mention any such ban.