Under republic (and possible under kingdom as well) the title "Imperator" was quite frequently used to refer to military leaders. For example Sulla was proclaimed Imperator in 86 b.c. Multiple imperators at the same time were all under republic, under principate and under dominate. The title of consul continued well into Empire period although the title fell in prestige because it had no veto power unlike that of tribune. Still the rule of Heraclius started from being proclaimed consul (along with his father). 

Thus it is quite difficult to see how the Roman kingdom was not somewhat like a modern presidential republic. 

I would question the claim that political order has changed sufficiently in ancient Rome from the era of Romulus until at least the reign of Heraclius. There are some instances when barbarian names were romanized in order to be similar to already existing Roman or Greek names. Just some examples that come to mind: The memory of their deeds was transmitted in oral form by poets. 

Hebrew Mariam -> Maria (feminine of Marius) Slavic Kuzma (blacksmith) -> Cosmas (Greek "of cosmos") The most North-East part of the kingdom was the city of Tanais. The city was a Greek colony so Greek language was most likely the main language there. 

Criminals punished with forced labor 

In connection with this, one should mention the reconstructed expression in PIE language cleu̯os ndhğhitom (retained in Greek as kleos aphiton, Old Indic sravas aksitam) dated to PIE time, which means "imperishable fame" (literally, "non-burnable"). 

Romans even had no distinguished word for a slave: they called them "servus" which simply meant "servant". Thus it is difficult to see how the Dominate as was envisaged by Diocletian was more autocratic than principate as often asserted 

I wonder to what extent this practice was widespread and when it appeared? I also wonder how the spread of Christianity affected this. The more I read about the ancient world, the more I come to the conclusion that there was no unified notion of slavery at all. There were multiple things (which the people of the time could distinguish) which we call with the same word, slavery. This is similar to how we call nearly any head of state (and sometimes even not head of state) in ancient world a king, even though many of them had different titles and powers. Update. I have found some more relevant information. During the Roman times the area at the North-East of the Black Sea (East of mentioned above Chersonesos) was ruled by the Bosphorus kingdom, which was a Roman client state to the extent that the king had Roman citizenship and a Roman name "Tiberius Julius" (plus personal name) and was protected by the Roman legions stationed there. 

Summing the above up, it can be said that through the whole period from Romulus to at least Heraclius 

He also was a king of Macedon. 

Low-rank clan (family) members who were obliged to serve their clan leaders Debtors who had to work for their creditors for a time period as a substitute for repaying the debt if they could not repay with money. In 62 AD emperor Nero deposed the king and decided to incorporate the kingdom as part of Roman province Asia Minor. But in 68 AD the kingdom was restored. So the area was officially a part of Roman Empire in 63 AD-68 AD, about five years. 

The Roman rex was an elected public magistrate. He was suggested by the senate and elected by the people of Rome via the Curiate Assembly for a fixed term of 6 years (they extended the term with legal tricks via formal adoption). Then a special law should be passed to grant him imperium. His power was not hereditary and was restricted by the senate and the assemblies. At one occasion when Romulus freed some prisoners at his own will the senators became very discontent. It is theorized that ancient Proto-Indo-Europeans (4000-3000 BC) considered fame and glory as a form of (at least symbolic) immortality. Thus earning war glory was very important for their warriors. 

Depandent peasants of various sorts 

So what are the reasons to ascribe certain periods in roman history to monarchy and certain to republic? Was not the political regime always the same with only names of the offices changing? He could not bear the toitle of "imperator" which was a Roman title. 

Alexander the Great held the title of Archistrategos (Supreme Commander) of the Corinth League, which was granted to him at the Second Corinth Congress. 

Thus it is unevident how Roman republic was not a "constitutional monarchy" with a ceremonial king alike medieval Japan. 

If we acknowledge that we currently use a single word for totally distinct legal notions it will become clear why no ancient author ever proposed a world without slavery: there was simply no such united term. In fact, in Latin language "world without slavery" would sound as "world without servants" or "world without workers". That said up to this time we still had not eliminate most legal states which we call slavery when we speak about Ancient Rome. We still have POWs, we have penal labor, we have correctional labor, we have conscripted workers and of course we have servants.