On the left side of the fender, as pictured above, I had tried to use some pliers to pry the side "away" from the other one in an attempt to fix the "crease" in the metal. Unfortunately, this just made a plier-shaped dent at the end of the fender. Tools The only electrics-specific tools I've got is one of those screwdrivers which has an LED which lights up if the head detects a current. However, I'm not exactly enthusiastic to buy even more stuff for this endeavour because I've already wasted such a large amount of time and money... I've got (what I think is) a Huret Eco rear derailleur which seems to somehow get "stuck" in an "open" position when shifting on the front chainrings, i.e. the return spring somehow stops "working" and the huge amount of slack in the chain resulting from this causes the chain to fly off the chainring; How can I ensure that my setup is "correct" for this model? When in its "stuck" position, it looks like in the following pictures: † The old wiring was a single, ungrounded wire and I actually don't know what to do with the new ground wire because there's no obvious attachment point for it, so the new wiring is still basically a single cable. I've got an old road bike with polished steel fenders, the rear one of which unfortunately got bent during transport: History About six months ago, the thing worked for a bit, even with its ancient, yellowed wires and bottle dynamo from a different era, but then suddenly stopped. About a month ago, I replaced the ancient incandescent bulb with a new one and cleaned the whole thing inside and cleaned the ancient bottle dynamo but that didn't make a difference. This weekend, I replaced the wiring for both the front and back with new double wiring†. In the photo you can see the way the thing works. When I screw on the top, I bend the metal connector plate forward a bit in order to be more sure that it actually does connect to the bulb. Lastly, on the right side of the fender, as pictured above, there is a somewhat shallower and "wider" dent which also appeared after transporting the bike. What is going on here? Is some part somehow worn/damaged or simply needs adjustment? What could be causing the derailleur to get stuck in this way, and how do I fix it? I've got a steel-framed bike with incandescent lights, probably from the '70s. Unfortunately, despite all my efforts to get it working, the headlamp refuses to work. Moreover, I'm not sure if this is aggravating the problem or not, but the shift lever for my big cog only travels through half of its whole motion before the cable becomes so taught that it doesn't go any further — If you apply enough pressure at this stage, it makes some angry creaking noises, which I assume to be the cable stop moving (but I can't be sure without methodically trying to reproduce it, and thereby causing even more damage to the frame): Well, I did it again: While working on a bike with rod brakes I lost the bolt which connects the two "actuating" rods to each other (I have no idea what these parts are even called; The measuring tape is in centimeters): While trying to put a new chain on a bike, I rather stupidly removed the "wrong" link in the chain, and it's already very short, so I can't simply remove yet another link in order to get the "correct" combination of links for connecting the chain back together (see the parts in the photo); Is there any way to put the chain pins back in in order to make the chain useable? In the pictures above, the retaining spring is highlighted in red. While the derailleur is stuck in its "open" position, if I gently push the derailleur arm forward with my hand, it then "snaps" closed, keeping the chain properly taut: