The same Ptolemy issued the order that all ships arriving to Alexandria must be inspected and searched for books. All books found must be copied. What else permits to quality him as "proto-Ukrainian"? Only the fact modern Ukrainians like him. EDIT. I address some comments on my answer. Very few serious scientists would spend their time to study such nonsense as horoscopes. Neugebauer and his collaborators are actually the only scientists whom I know who did this. Surviving Hellenistic astronomy sources are so scarce, that literally everything which came to us from that time was carefully combed for even the smallest hints of relevant information. Perhaps I am missing something, and will be grateful if someone gives a reference to another reliable study. This does not include astrologers themselves, of course:-) Italian author Lucio Russo in his book "Forgotten revolution" argues that a large part of the scientific knowledge of Hellenistic world has been lost. I find his arguments very convincing. EDIT. Let me give two concrete randomly chosen examples. There is a city of Lviv (Lwow, Lvov, Lemberg, Lemberk) in the current territory of Ukraine. It was founded by prnice/king Danila/Danylo in 13-th century. According to your teacher this Danylo was a "proto-Ukrainian". But every high school teacher in Moscow will teach that he was "proto-Russian", or simply "Russian" Labour with one's own hands on lowly tasks gives witness, in the toil thus expended on useless things, to one's own indifference to higher things. No generous youth, from seeing the Zeus at Pisa, or the Hera at Argos, longs to be Pheidias or Polycleitus; nor to be Anacreon or Philetas or Archilochus out of pleasure in their poems. For it does not of necessity follow that, if the work delights you with its grace, the one who wrought it is worthy of your esteem. Very many different peoples lived on the territory of current Ukraine in the past. Descendants of some of those peoples are called "Poles" now. Where the ancestors of modern Poles "proto-Ukrainians" because they lived on the territory of modern Ukraine ? Why not "proto-Poles"? The related question is why at all the hair on some parts of the body on a human of certain races grows almost unrestricted, to any length. (No animal has this feature). How could such a strange feature evolve? Imagine the beards of some men, if they NEVER shave or cut them. This would make life difficult. The only plausible explanation is that people started shaving and cutting their beards before the modern human races evolved. That's why this story stretches so far in the past that it is impossible to trace. Another related question (once addressed on this site) is how did our ancestors managed to shave with stone tools:-) The only thing which seems clear enough that they did somehow. Now, in 19-th century Lwow was a part of Austria. Should Danilo be called a "ptoto-Austrian" because of this? In the first half of 20-th century Lwow was in Poland. Is Danylo a proto-Pole? What can the other criteria be? Language? You can say that Danylo probably spoke "proto-Ukrainian". But a Moscow teacher who will say that he spoke "proto-Russian" will be equally right. Besides the Moscow teacher will have the advantage of saying that Danila was a blood relative of a Yuri (from the same family) who founded Moscow. Remark 2. I don't want to imply that all "revisionist" historians are wrong. But before reading their books it is strongly advisable to make yourself familiar with "mainstream" history. There are also distinctions between pseudo-history and revisionist history. This general pattern (fashion in and out) probably continues so far in prehistory, that it is impossible to discover any early detail. This does not only apply to exact sciences. Critical scientific study of ancient texts, as we understand it now, also apparently originated in these Hellenistic states. So we really lost a lot with Alexandrian library. When exactly it disappeared and how, is also subject to discussion. Some blame Julius Caesar who started a fire during a battle that destroyed a large part of the library. Other people say that it still existed at the time of the Arab conquest, and was destroyed by the conquerors. And many events in between are also mentioned. As you said fashion for beards comes in and out, periodically. One of the earliest available detailed records is indeed Alexander. He not only introduced shaving in the army but also introduced this fashion in the society. As you can see from many surviving statues, depictions on the coins, mosaics and paintings of Hellenistic period. The Greeks of the earlier period usually wear beards, as we can also see from many pictures and statues. In some periods, Babylonians and Egyptians probably shaved but wore artificial decorative beards (like in 17 century Europeans cut their hair short and wore enormous wigs). The distinction between Poles, Ukrainians, Belorussians and Lithuanians was established only AFTER the final partition of Rzeczpospolita in 1795. Actually much later. There was no Ukrainians before 17 century. And there was no such thing as "proto-Ukrainians". All these are projections to the past of modern political realities. And the last remark: the fashion shows little dependence on available tools. Safe razors were already available in the end of 19th century, but this was the brief period when the fashion for enormous beards returned. See the portraits of men of 1890s. There is an ample evidence (from authors like Plutarch, Cicero etc.) that the only occupations which were considered appropriate for the Romans from good families were military, politics, administration, law and literature. (To be sure many of them were involved in business but they did not like to advertise this). Doctors, engineers, artists (including painters, sculptors etc.) and architects were definitely out of the list of desirable professions for a noble. Let me illustrate this by a cite from Plutarch: