Military Organization of Society, at least in the 80 or so pages available for free preview, looks more generally at the parallel development of our modern society and the modern army, in Europe from about 1000 AD to the present. ... and Baculus - the chief centurion who was disabled from several wounds in the battle against the Nervii - came running to Galba ... and told him that their only hope of escape was to try their last resort, a sortie through the enemy lines. ... This concept is actually regarded as one of the key advantages of the Roman Manipular line of battle compared to the Greek Phalanx. When the front line of maniples were starting to tire the 2nd line would advance through the gaps between the first line. This would be repeated through the course of the battle, slowly pushing the enemy backwards with each leapfrog. Note the psychologically wearing effect on the infantry of not knowing when the charge will be carried home, but of having to be completely ready every time. A critical key to understanding cavalry warfare is the recognition that each horse only has a small number of charges in him until he requires a lengthy respite for rest and feeding. The tremendous weight of a fully armoured European knight reduced both the length, and the number, of available charges significantly. This paper from the United States Naval Academy looks at the distinction between "hired soldiers" and "soldiers for hire" in the period 400 to roughly 1066 AD in Britain. It covers, amongst other issues, (some of) the origins of our instinctual disregard for mercenaries in the relationship between Celtic and Anglo-Saxon employers of mercenaries, and the mercenary soldiers employed by them prior to the Norman conquest. For German nobility it was common for a nobles heir to prefix his parent's title with "Erb", as in "Erbgraf". William Addams Reitwiesner writes: Only two large-scale battles between these two radically different types of cavalry occurred: Legnica and Mohi. Both of these battles resulted in extremely convincing Mongol victories, with the Mongols subsequently advancing at will across Poland, Bohemia, and the entire Danube Valley. Only the death of Ogedei Khan in December 1241, and the consequent requirement that Subedei's forces retire to support his claims at the kurultai, spared Europe from further ravishing. Historically the curriculum of a liberal arts degree was first the study of the trivium of grammar, rhetoric and logic, followed by the quadrivium of arithmetic, geometry, music and astronomy. During the Renaissance the curriculum expanded to include the Aristotelian sciences of physics, metaphysics, and moral philosophy. Note that the founding of Oxford( teaching 1096, recognized 1167) and Cambridge (1209) precedes the founding of Eton College (1441) by hundreds of years. The concept of a grammar school, where one might begin the study of the first of the liberal arts at a younger age and prior to entering university, post dates the concept of university by centuries. Canada in the early 20th century may not have been an industrial powerhouse compared to its southern neighbour, but neither was it a backwater. As this article above notes in the section on Pay For The Troops: