For we hold that one is justified by faith apart from works of the law. Romans 3:28 ESV So, it seems that no matter what anyone has ever been or done, that person can still be washed, sanctified, and justified (declared righteous) in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. This person will become a new creation in Christ (2 Corinthians 5:17), be indwelt by the very Spirit of God (1 Corinthians 3:16), and become a child of God (John 1:12-13). 

You have asked for a biblical answer, and there are certainly different positions on this. Some who believe that works are essential for salvation will refer to belief/faith as a work. Indeed, if faith can be classified as a work, then requiring additional works for salvation seems more reasonable. Yet, there appears to be good reason to distinguish faith from works. 

Ephesians 2:8-9 is, of course, a key passage: We ourselves are Jews by birth and not Gentile sinners; 16 yet we know that a person is not justified by works of the law but through faith in Jesus Christ, so we also have believed in Christ Jesus, in order to be justified by faith in Christ and not by works of the law, because by works of the law no one will be justified. Galatians 2:15-16 ESV 

So, whoever denies the Son does not even have a relationship with God at all. Jesus affirmed this as well: 

Here, homosexuality is mentioned along with quite a few other things like adulterers, thieves, and even greedy people. In reality, the apostle Paul gives us an example for us to pray that others may be saved. He specifically prays for Jewish unbelievers, and his prayer is specifically for their salvation. While he does not specifically request others to do so, it would be quite a stretch to assert that this was only something Paul did that no one else was supposed to do. 

In 1 Corinthians 5:7, Paul refers to Jesus as "Christ, our Passover", suggesting that the Passover of Exodus somehow foreshadowed the life of Jesus. There were quite a few Jewish followers of Jesus from the very beginning. Immediately after the resurrection, the Bible records 3,000 Jews becoming believers in a single day. 1 and 2 Peter were both written primarily to Jewish believers as was "Hebrews", obviously. So, there were a good number of Jews who did believe in Jesus at the outset. 

The Apostle Paul seems to address this particular question quite specifically: So, yes, anyone who rejects God's promised Messiah, God's Passover Lamb, God's sacrifice for sin, God's offer of forgiveness--that person is destined to pay for his own sin. God is a just God and does require a payment for sin. He offers to pay it on our behalf, but He does not force us to accept it. 

So, according to Jesus Himself, if one does not honor the Son, it is impossible to honor the Father. 

Ultimately, then, a person's eternal destination depends on whether to accept or reject Jesus: There are quite a few other passages that demonstrate salvation is by faith, but not by works: 

Indeed, if God answers prayer, it would be difficult to find something to pray for in which He is more glorified than in someone responding to Jesus in faith. I was reading in Romans last night and came across this verse that specifically distinguishes works from faith: 

How specifically does the Passover do this? 

To make an assertion that Christians should not do something, one must appeal to an authoritative source, most likely the Bible. Nowhere in the Bible are we commanded not to pray for the salvation of unbelievers, and that is quite problematic to the argument. Indeed, if we are not supposed to do something, would God not have mentioned it somewhere instead of leaving it up to us to figure out based on obscure logic? 

It is true, though, that may rejected Jesus as their Messiah, and this has been true throughout history. Both Jews and Gentiles reject Jesus. However, in the last 50 years, it is true that the number of Jewish believers has exploded. There are an estimated 150 Messianic Jewish congregations in Israel today with 20,000 Jewish believers. This is four times as many as there were in 1997. Source 

(Some assert that faith is the gift of God, "this" does not match "faith" in gender, so that doesn't really fit. It would be like saying, "my brother and his wife came over, and he got a new job--you would know I am speaking about my brother getting a new job because of the gender agreement) Salvation does, indeed, come from God. It is He who does the saving, so it's His salvation in that it comes from Him. Yet, it is our salvation in that we are the ones saved by it.