I'll admit, I'm still testing the waters with my own and far from fluent myself, so my experience is pretty thin. At the same time, I've seen so many friends and family members lose active speech for lack of practice (myself included) and think it is a tragedy to toss away such a gift lightly. Parents don't like to admit to "forcing" kids to do things, but realistically, it is part of the job. No one wants to do dishes, but we teach them to do dishes because it is a life skill they need. No one likes losing, but check out the question about letting a toddler lose or not. If you value teaching the language to your kids, they'll understand that, even if it does annoy them at times, they'll feel the love behind your choice. 

By 1.5, kids have pretty well established vision, but as Dan Beale shares, it is all about language development and learning sorting skills. Blocks with colors and letters/numbers are GREAT for developing a child's ability to distinguish between different groups of things, label and describe what they are after, and connect skills involved with use of symbols (an important precursor to reading). That is why alphabet blocks are such a classic standard. 

Spend time together and use "big words" alongside synonyms you know he already understands. Avoid baby language. Talk and then listen (even if he makes little sense, listen and paraphrase what you do understand). The, listen and then talk some more. 

While humping the legs of someone else isn't neccessarily normal, a little "self play" can be. As you said, he is imitating (or so he thinks) something he saw you doing. 

Sensory Activities: Sensory Stimulus can be a natural part of growing, but it can also be limiting to kids if they don't get enough variety because they can develop fears of the unknown - it also helps with writing skills, oddly enough, and some such activities can be major stress reducers - working with playdoug is an example of this, but my favorite was to squirt some shaving cream on a smoothsurface and just let them play in it, play with feathers, leaves, beans, water etc all count as "sensory" experiences. 

To Deal with the Cause Of course it is incredibly difficult to know what the root cause of such behavior is, but this really isn't "normal" two year old behavior. In all the twos I've met having taught at a preschool, I only had two or three who thought hurting others was funny or a game of any sort. Two of the Three were later diagnosed with behavioral/socio-emotional disorders. The third, "grew out of it", but he and his guardians and parent had some help from a psychiatrist too - there may have been more to it than I as the teacher was led to believe (he was bounced between homes a lot). It is normal for a child to try out such behavior once or twice, but not for it to become a repetitively occurring problem. 

Many mother's join "mom's groups" or "play groups" and meet once a month with other stay-at-home mom's. Its a chance for all the kids to interact and the mom's to network and socialize with other mom's. A site like mommeetmom.com or meetup.com (specifically here) might be helpful if that looks interesting to your wife. 

If he begins engaging in "self play" he has discovered a new "toy" as it were. The sensations he feels are not the same as the sexual sensations an older boy would have, but he has now discovered a new feeling that he is experimenting with and figuring out. If that occurs, please don't punish him, just encourage that certain activities are done in private (like going potty) and so if he needs to explore he should do that when he is alone and in private (like his bedroom or the bathroom). Then, try not to worry about it too much. Good luck. 

Puppies do a lot of "mouthing" including, often, on their owners and care-givers if allowed, and when they get excited they jump up on kids a lot. for anyone around 5 or younger, this is probably quite intimidating even from relatively small dogs. I want to be sure my child and the children I care for are safe from being bitten by an over-excited puppy and/or knocked over. I also want to be sure the dog is fairly safe from pulled hair, ears and tail, poked eyes and other unpleasant things for the dog. 

I like mostly plain wooden blocks personally - they do have a nice feel to them, so if you are introducing colors and symbols in other aspects of the child's life it really is just a personal choice, and no paint (or sealer) is going to be the absolute safest way to go. At the same time, safety standards in most European countries are pretty well established (based on the little I've heard about it - I'll admit) and with research you can find good quality blocks which are painted and also perfectly safe. We had a mixture of both in our house. 

I think such behavior (against living things, not stuffed animals) should be treated very similarly to how a tantrum is treated. Take it seriously, but don't respond with anger either. 

"Oh I'm sorry I don't understand Whine. Could you say that in English (or on "German Days" German) please?"