Corki - Corki is one of the R-DPS champions that likes Infinity Edge but tends to build it later in the game rather than rush it from the start. This is because Corki tends to get more of his damage from his abilities during the early phases of the game. Sheen, specifically, is a good early game item for Corki since it fixes his mana issues and gives him a little more burst in damage. Wriggle's Lantern is also a good item to pick up early in the game. Corki's innate ability (Hextech Shrapnel Shells) deals an additional 10% of his attack damage as true damage when he attacks. This is a big part of why he likes flat attack damage items like Infinity Edge, Black Cleaver and Bloodthirster over items like Phantom Dancer which is an item commonly found on other R-DPS champions. Vayne - Vayne can pick up an Infinity Edge as one of her first major purchases but it does not necessarily need to be rushed. Vayne's Silver Bolts deal damage based on the maximum health of the target and her innate ability (Night Hunter) gives her a move speed buff so long as she is moving toward an enemy she can see. What Vayne is lacking early in the game is an escape. Picking up a Zeal and boots early on will allow you to close, get additional procs of you Silver Bolts ability and escape with the added movement speed if necessary. Tumble can dodge some abilities and Condemn can stun enemies if they are foolish enough to stand next to walls but it is better to assume that your enemies will do what will cause you the most harm and account for your ability use. Having a roamer and a jungler allows you to effectively have three solo lanes, which gives your carries faster experience gain. But that's really just a side-effect of the roaming strategy. The roaming strategy is mostly defined by having a non-jungling champion with no "home" lane. That distinguishes it from simple ganking. Good examples of this kind of roaming can be in seen in the IEM Hannover finals with Moscow 5 running a roaming Alistar against Dignitas: Game 1 with the roaming Alistar and a Lee Sin jungle Sometimes you'll need to roam even when you haven't specifically selected for it. This is usually because you've either destroyed your opponent's turret or because your lane is truly hopeless. However, before choosing to roam, make sure you read everything above... an ineffective roamer is just an exp leech and is rarely a threat in the other lanes. Finally, there's the situation where you have a champion who can leave their lane unguarded. This is usually because they can either push the lane toward the opponent's turret, and thus have some time to roam, or because the opponent isn't capable of pushing very hard (or both). Nunu is fairly effective here because of the speed boost from blood boil: He can make it another lane quickly and has decent CC. However, it's rare that Nunu will spend the inordinate amount of time outside lane to be truly considered "roaming." Kog'Maw - Kow'Maw's abilities, with the exception of his Living Artillery (Ultimate), scale exclusively with Ability Power (AP). This alone makes Infinity Edge a questionable item on Kog. Furthermore, his Bio-Arcane Barrage already deals damage equal to a percentage (6% at ability level 5) of the target's maximum health. This makes attack speed items significantly more useful on Kog'Maw than flat damage. Items that offer attack speed can also offer some useful proc effects. Three such items are Malady, Wit's End and Madred's Bloodrazor. Malady and Wit's End will be more useful than an Infinity Edge to Kog'Maw early game simply because they are cheaper and Madred's Bloodrazor will help him melt takes and high hp enemies late game with an effect similar to his Bio-Arcane Barrage. However, according to the Aura Article the Captain Enchantment is a considered a passive effect and NOT an aura. Therefore, it would seem that a champion could receive a 16% ms buff if two teammates have the Captain Enchantment.