tl;dr: Things that you can bring over (in general): Handlebars, brifters, seat, pedals, crankset, seat, front and rear derailleurs (with caveats). 

Ps. Don't use clear nail polish lacquer as it yellows under UV and age and is quite brittle. It's only designed to last a few weeks at most and then its removed and reapplied. 

If you can't find the exact color through your LBS or the manufacturer, you can go to an auto parts shop and look at their array of touch up paints and get something near enough. This might be difficult as the chips are in an area where the color is fading to black. A color that is too light will generally be less noticeable than one that is too dark. Things you might not be able to bring over (unless your bike is the same era/style): bottom bracket, steerer/stem, seat stem, brakes, forks. As far as I can see from your photo, the damage to your bike caused the paint to fleck but the underlying carbon fiber looks intact. Doing anything anything abrasive would risk damaging the fibers. If your bike is under warranty, I'd ask the manufacturer. If not, I'd carefully paint over the chips so as to seal it back up and prevent further damage (physical and UV) to the underlying carbon fiber. Heat and solvent cover 90% of cases. Yes, dented frames are dangerous -- especially aluminium and carbon fiber as their failure modes can be quite dramatic. Steel frames tend to fail more slowly (and can be re-welded). 

tl;dr: You should have your bottom bracket checked out, make sure your seat post can actually still move, and clear your drain holes (if you have any). 

An angle grinder with metal cutting disk (or abrasive disk) will remove a U-lock in about 30 seconds. It is shocking how easy it is to cut through the shank. The one consolation is that it does make a lot of noise and a lot of sparks (and requires either a power cord or an expensive battery grinder), otherwise more thieves would be using them. If you do not have access to an angle grinder (and don't want to stop by your local bike shop, auto mechanic, or police station, all of whom will undoubtedly have one), then a hacksaw with a new blade (or two) will eventually cut through, although it may take up to half an hour of vigorous sawing. 

While you're at the parts store, get some clear coat as well. The little touchup paint bottles should cost about 3-8 Eurodollars each and come with their own little brushes. That said, you need to be careful of what you're covering. Even with helicopter tape, some moisture always finds a way of getting underneath into the paper so it should be printed with waterproof ink. And UV light will also fade. So you generally shouldn't just use something that's coming out of your home inkjet printer. Instead, I'd clean the area with some isopropyl alcohol and then apply the touch up paint very carefully. The area is so small that you likely won't need primer either but if you got some, it wouldn't hurt. Thin layers applied multiple times with time in between to dry is better than a blob of paint. It depends on the type of adhesive. Sometimes it can be just pulled off. Sometimes the gentle heat of a hairdryer (not a heat gun) can weaken an adhesive and make it easier to remove. 

Now, with metal frames and when you have an exact paint match, you want to sand down the metal so that you can remove any oxidation and lay down some primer. But you have a carbon frame, the damaged area is so small, and sanding may cause more fibers to abrade so I wouldn't risk sanding it.