As James K noted, there is an exemption to the Equality Act for the purpose of admissions for single-sex schools. The evidence isn't really clear on whether single-sex schools provide better results academically: there are hints that it does but there are too many confounding factors to be sure. When they have segregation as a desirable religious goal, promoting social confidence with people from the opposite gender is going to be hard. With traditional single-sex schools, there will often be links with other schools, shared senior years etc., so even without an explicit exemption, they could make a better case for lack of harm. Some of the relevant sections in the (now released) report are: The background to the case is that the school received an unfavourable report from Ofsted. The school board successfully applied for a judicial review of the report, asking it to remove references to a breach of the Equality Act 2010. Ofsted appealed this decision and the appeal was upheld. Leaders say that the decision to segregate is faith-based because their interpretation of Islam discourages mixing of genders for this age group. However, the school’s policies and practice do not consider how to mitigate the potentially negative impact of this practice on pupils’ chances to develop as socially confident individuals with peers from the opposite gender. This is an issue not addressed in previous inspections, but it does not accord with fundamental British values and amounts to unlawful discrimination. A soft Brexit is one with the least change to the current situation. So, it would include becoming a member of the European Economic Area, like Norway. Whilst the UK would no longer be in the EU, there would still be freedom of movement, and compliance to many EU regulations would be required. EEA membership has been ruled out as an option but would represent the softest of 'soft' Brexit. Footnote: US readers may be interested to know that the court considered the arguments in Brown v Board of Education, although didn't find the analogy compelling. Segregated religious schools, being relatively few in number, and relatively recent, don't have the support of centuries of tradition. Either they didn't have enough lobbying power, or failed to foresee how the Equality Act would be interpreted. Those in favour of a soft Brexit are intending to trade by aligning closely with the EU. Those in favour of a hard Brexit point out that the UK now has the power to negotiate its own trade deals, and that it's not in the interest of the EU to erect trade barriers between the EU and the UK (even though they would be a normal consequence of leaving the trade bloc). The Equality Act was passed by a Conservative government, which generally favours parental choice in education. It would be politically damaging to take this choice away, especially as the then Prime Minister, David Cameron, attended a single-sex school himself. This would be only something that a radical progressive party would likely attempt.