Cause is a directed relation between two facts. Explanation is a directed relation between a theory and a fact. 

As a consequence from this insight, the philosopher Karl Popper proposes not to verify but to falsify scientific theories. Because - theoretically - one single counter example suffices to falsify the theory. The fundamental book and a cornerstone of Critical Rationalism is Zarathustra came down from the mountains to give his first sermon about SUPERMAN. But the people in town do not show any reaction to his words. Hence Zarathustra appeals to their pride: 

Second law of mechanics. Every change in matter has an external cause. (Every motionless body remains at rest, and every moving body continues to move in the same direction at the same speed, unless an external cause compels it to change.) (A119) 

This premiss excludes any further science. Because science makes the premiss that there is an observer independent external world. Furthermore, that we can make observations and experiments to interact with this external world. Summing up: Philosophy and science do not merge today. And I do not see any reason why they should do so in the future. 

Euclidean geometry is a mathematical theory, not a scientific theory. 

Science operates according to the model of hypothesis, falsification, better hypothesis. Thanks to this method science makes progress of knowledge. But science is not free from error. Science condemns dogmatism and encourages new revolutionary ideas - at least in theory. 

On the other hand, I am in doubt more than you that today we already have a cosmological theory which incorporates the big bang. I consider the latter one possible extrapolation of the standard model to a limit point. 

Both, a-theists like Nietzsche and theists like Hindus adhere to the cyclic model no. 1. But theists from other religions adhere to the linear model no. 2. Note. No other theory allows to compute these values. Hence your example does not illustrate the fact that different theories explain the same phenomenon. 

The model of electrons orbiting a nucleus has one severe handicap: 3) I would even say that anti-relativism collapses into solipsism. One cannot refute the latter position by logical argumentation. But no solipsist endures this position in his daily life. See http://www.gutenberg.org/files/1998/1998-h/1998-h.htm#link2H_4_0004 First law of mechanics. Through all changes of corporeal Nature, the overall amount q of matter remains the same — neither increased nor lessened. (A116) 

But the people in town do not understand that the LAST MAN is thought as deterrence. Instead they want to become these last men. Apparently I indicate only one essential difference between the two concepts, as far as both are relations. I do not state a definition of each term, which in case of cause would be a difficult and subtle task. 

Added. Or a bit sloppy, but the bon mot of the philosopher and physicist Gerhard Vollmer hits the point: 

But according to Kant’s emphasis on the thing-in-itself we can never know how the mind independent world is. Because we construct our knowledge from the input of our senses, due to the forms of our intution, and using the categories of our reasoning. The whole process acts as a filter. 

In my opinion, possibly the writings of Karl Popper are more helpful to a reader with a mathematical or scientific background, e.g. Popper's book Objective Knowledge: An Evolutionary Approach. Popper does not deal with phenomenology. I think he did not estimate this type of philosophy. I agree with you concerning “Believing that that is the case [that the laws detected by science will hold all the time] is therefore a form of faith”. But that’s the wrong stance to science as I tried to explain. 

That's the reason why one cannot prove scientific theories. Hence one needs other criteria to keep or to abandon a scientific theory. These features are missing in theism. 

This means: Science advances by eliminating errors, which prompts new hypotheses. 

Can you imagine a contemporary professor who has a chair in a science department and also in the philosophical department of a renowned university? There are only a few scientist who have a PhD in physics or biology and also in philosophy. Possibly you find some neuroscientists who are active in both science and philosophy, e.g. Gerhard Roth from Germany. In modern terms the first question could be stated as the search for the origin of energy at start of the cosmic evolution? The second as the explanation of subjective feeling on the basis of its neurological substrate. In short: How to explain mental properties by the methods of neuroscience? Also Greek tragedies often attribute the tragic in their hero's life to a prophecy which has not been understood by the receiver, e.g., King Oedipus by Sophocles. 

In natural sciences like physics or astrophysics one cannot prove general theorems, i.e. theorems which hold for infinitely many cases. Because verification by experiment only allows to verify finitely many cases. Hence the possibility remains that cases have been left, where the statement in question does not hold. 

In my opinion, todays philosophers are not familiar with the results of modern science; not even with the fundamental theories from 20th century. E.g. the concept of spacetime as developed by the Theory of Relativity has hardly entered into the philosophical discussion in the field of metaphysics. What is the difference between cause and explanation? By eliminating false hypotheses we hope to approach truth, which is considered a limit term. Pointedly formulated by Gerhard Vollmer: "We err upwards." Summing up my arguments I conclude 

I take over from your question as definition of anti-realism “that there is no such mind-independent reality”.