As far as what is stored locally on your machine: What is being referenced in the second part of the “Evolution Mission” for Roaches? Your mid-mission saves are not stored in the cloud. They are stored locally on your computer's harddrive. The Battle.net blog post Campaigning on the Go* explains how Star Craft 2's campaign progress cloud storage works. 

So there's a definitive answer if you still had access to your save files you could transfer them between machines. Which leads me to my question: if you don't finish or abort a mission do earned achievements stick? 

When I reached the area pictured below a scripted event starts showing a girl unit named Maye chased by two creatures named Onyx and Diamond. Between the multi-colored crystals and the named units Blizzard seems to be referencing something here. However, I have no idea what. The post details the following about what is stored online: * Currently the blog post has a WordPress error so read Google's cached version. 

Below is a compiled screenshot of how you can replay completed missions from Wings of Liberty: 

Thus far every time I have earned a campaign achievement in StarCraft 2 I have also finished its associated campaign mission. This is fine when playing a mission for the first time but on subsequent replays I'd rather just earn the achievement and then quit the mission. Often the answer to a question of "how do I counter X high tier unit?" isn't so much about countering that unit once it's built, but preventing it from coming out at all. This Team Liquid forum post goes into great detail about the shortcomings of the current custom map system and the workarounds for it. 

For example, TLO, a high caliber professional player, uses supply add-ons fairly often, even when not supply blocked, to get the extra 100 short-term minerals to get out an attack just a few seconds earlier. What about burrowed Roaches? Will the Sensor Tower still sense those even if it can't sense cloaked units? 

You have to open the map in the map editor and publish it just as you would any of your own maps. Unfortunately, this will create a copy on their server, and anyone found playing your copy will be counted differently from the original author's copy, which means that the stats for determining popularity will treat them as separate maps even though they are the same. It is very difficult for a new map to make its way up through the popularity list with this system. 

The main problem with carriers only really arrives if you allow your opponent to build a ton of them. Alone, like Carl Clover said, they're very weak. 

Roach Play An alternative to Speedling pressure off 3 Base, is to instead go for 2 Base Roach play. As I mentioned earlier you can easily saturate your 2 Base faster than he can saturate his, so you should be able to get a strong, early Roach ball going. I like to make a nice push around 7 Minutes. Chances are he won't have had time to put together a large army, as his second base will just be kicking in and he won't have recouped his earlier investment (bases take a long time to recoup). In this situation you can abuse the fact that Photon Cannons mean you can dictate the point of engagement. With a little Brinkmanship you should be able to catch his army out of position and snipe his Photon Cannons, or push into the Expo. Taking a Third Going for a third is definitely a solid choice (see IdrA vs MC in group play at MLG). Because he's going to be investing heavily in infrastructure you don't have to worry about early game Harassment or some sort of 4 Gate timing push, meaning that third base will have kicked in before your first engagement. If for some reason he does try to push after the fast expand, you can expect a largely Zealot heavy force as he won't have had resources to invest in mining Gas. Regardless his force will not be strong because of that additional investment. As a Zerg you can saturate faster, so if you get down that third immediately, you should have it up and running around the time he gets his second going.