The "Nazi" Party STARTED OUT as the National Socialist German Workers Party, with a left-leaning, socialist bent. Zhang had on several prominent occasions expressed his loyalty and support of Chiang Kai Shek and his Kuomintang, so his one "insubordinate" act could be explained as a "one off." On the other hand, Yan had a number of "suspect" connections, including Feng Yuxiang, known as the "betrayal general." Also, Yan had allied with Yan Shi Shan and Li Zong Ren against Chiang in the "Central Plains War" of 1930. Earlier kings had moved the capital from Toledo (too close to Moorish possessions) north to Valladolid for safety. By the time of Philip II, it was safe to move the capital back south, (and Madrid is not far from Toledo). But Philip apparently liked a castle, the Escorial, nearer Madrid. Upon being demobilized, he went into civilian life as a glorified gangster leader. He was jailed for his actions as such, and paroled shortly before Christmas in Year 0. (While in prison, he wrote a detailed and surprisingly prescriptive book about what he would do if he ever got into power.) The period of greatest peace and prosperity was in the mid-18th century, the half century during and after the so-called Tulip Period of 1718-1730. This was a time when the Empire mostly avoided wars and concentrated on internal economic development, based in part on tulip raising. This was the time when the Empire first opened itself to foreign capital, art, architecture, and ideas that led to a flourishing culture. Although Ottoman power was clearly peaking, this was a time of internal, as well as external stability that kept the peace in the Middle East. By the end of year 6, the political party of which he was the head, burst on the scene with a surprisingly strong electoral showing after years of obscurity. In year 8, he ran for President and polled a respectable 37% of the vote in a three way race in which the winner was a retired general and war hero twice his age. (The man got more than his theoretical one-third share.) At the beginning of year 9, he was offered and accepted a consolation prize, the number two spot in the country, despite the fact that he was not a native born citizen of said country. Shortly afterward, he managed to convince his government to pass a law saying that his job should carry both executive and legislative powers, making him and not the President the real leader of the country. In any event, this became moot when the President died a year later. He became the second most powerful man in the world (after the then American President), even making the cover of Time magazine in December of year 14. Madrid is the capital of Spain because King Philip II of Spain moved the court there. Where the court (and king) go, so does the government (in a monarchy). And he was arguably the most "dominant" Spanish king of "modern" times (Spain's navy declined after the failure of the Armada). No subsequent king of Spain saw fit to overturn Philip II's decision.