I think a simple google search will reveal the answer. There is a fairly detailed answer at Ask A Linguist; this is particularly nice because it examines some of the issues that make the question difficult to answer. Either Sumerian or Egyptian is the oldest written form, and that the answer for spoken languages is undefined. Yahoo takes a different approach to the question of written languages, and I think their answer is splendid. "All spoken languages today are equally old." The author also notes that Egyptian competes with Sumerian for the title of oldest written language. Wikipedia concentrates on written sources and asserts Sumerian. 

The Proceedings of the Old Bailey documents the hanging of Jack Sheppard in 1724. This is the earliest primary source I've found so far. 

Aside: OP asks why encirclement is bad; OP did not ask for an analysis of how Roman forces at Cannae came to be encircled (that is a valid, but distinct question). I'm answering only the question that OP asked. 

OP's question imposes some very strange assumptions. "one of the armies starts to have a lot of casualties and starts to retreat" - I don't have a citation, but there is a West Point Study that shows that almost all armies will rout before they reach 40% casualties. Every time one side routs, the soldiers lose disciple and retreat in disorder from the battlefield. This will include some combination of running and hiding that is, as far as I can tell, no different from "faking one's death". On reflection, I think there is a partial answer to your question, but I think the question needs to be reframed PBS does not attach a date to "Mosaic Law" Encircling forces can compress the defender - squeezing them together so that they cannot use their weapons at all. Merely advance with spears. Once the defender cannot use weapons, they are standing dead men, Forage societies are organized in very small bands - generally < 25 people. The social organization tends to be participatory democracy or "big-man". They are almost never literate. (AKA Hunter-Gatherer) Religious practice is appropriate to the economic activity (hunting & gathering) Update: Even when Rome controlled Europe, only a minority of the population would have had a nomen. I cannot cite a source, but I believe that the majority of nomen were from the Urban Tribes, and therefore would not have been "notable". The governor of a province and his staff probably had patrician nomen; the inhabitants of the province probably did not. Again, a hypothesis, but I would be surprised to find surnames derived from nomen anywhere other than Italy, Byzantium and possibly Spain/Portugal.