Altogether, 36,671 officers were executed, imprisoned or dismissed, and out of the 706 officers of the rank of brigade commander and above, only 303 remained untouched [...] Japanese military intelligence took rather a different view. It was about the only foreign service which did not underestimate the Red Army at this time. A series of border skirmishes on the Manchurian frontier, which culminated in the battle at Khalkin-Gol in August 1939, had shown what an aggressive young commander, in this case the forty-three -old General Georgy Zhukov, could achieve. 

The formal German-Japanese relationship in World War II (as part of the Axis) was established in the Tripartite Pact of 1940 (see also Anti-Comintern Pact). There were plenty: E.g. the Austro-Prussian War (1866) and the Franco-Prussian War (1870–1871) form such a pair. Obviously Prussia (soon to become center of the German Empire as proclaimed by Wilhelm I in 1871) participated in both. As for the key sentence ("Hitler had observed ...") Beevor does not point to further sources, so you would have to believe his word as an expert that he certainly is. 

I remember from Conrad Black's Franklin Delano Roosevelt: Champion of Freedom that at the Yalta conference in 1945 Churchill had floated the idea of reconstituting the western and southern German-speaking parts of defeated Nazi Germany as a state based on Vienna (both Roosevelt and Stalin disapproved, because of the relation to imperial Hapsburg history), so Churchill certainly was not ignorant about or uninterested in the history or fate of Vienna. 

Sokolnikov, shuffled from Finance Minister into an array of second-tier jobs tried to fight a read-guard action against Stalin's approach: 

Whether this would have really become policy or remained just a bit of Churchillian bluster is impossible to tell. The British, as India's rulers at the time, bear some sort of responsibility for this humanitarian disaster. I looked up Ienaga's book, which seems to be generally speaking a credible source. 

The quotes from Japanese sources are rather few and episodic (about 5) and when considered on their own and not buttressed by the previously discussed data they do not amount to much. For example: after the war was over, the Communists treated some Japanese residents in Manchuria well, unlike the Russians and the local population. Presumably true, but not very relevant. Etc. He also introduces with no comment in the footnote another source: Jack Belden's China Shakes The World. His main argument is basically that the Communists were so successful in their opposition to the Japanese forces because they had the full support of the local population, which they won by their land and debt reforms in favour of the peasantry, by their fair and generous treatment of the peasants and by their commitment to democratic values. 

Returning to watches, I found a Russian blog post which deals extensively with Soviet watches (for example, during 1930-1935 there was just one factory (bought wholesale from a bankrupt US enterprise) in the whole SU, making 50,000 units per year, distributed to cadres - everybody else just had to make do somehow) and with trophies. It points out that trophy watches were not always appropriated by the soldiers acting on their own. Often, the commanders would hand out watches acts for exceptional bravery and these were, the story goes, often prized more than medals. The conflict against the GB was never really likely to develop onto a full-scale battle as Germany lacked the basic resources to attack mainland GB. Germany wasn't "still busy" fighting Great Britain at the time. So, the reality is that the Germans weren't actually fighting on two fronts as the war with Great Britain was limited to the Luftwaffe providing air-defence of the Reich. Most of the troops deployed to defend the coastline were poor quality conscripts and even prisoners. Hitler had no landing craft, the "Rhine barges" that have often been mentioned a being possibly used as landing craft would have been hopeless in such a situation as they would have capsized in anything but the calmest of waters. 

Hitler's last desperate gamble in changing the focus of the attack from the Royal Air Force and onto the cities was a vain attempt to get Britain to surrender or at least sue for peace. Even had the Luftwaffe managed to subdue the Royal Air Force, a feat that they came fairly close to achieving, this would have had little effect on sea actions. It's been well documented how bad the Luftwaffe were at engaging warships, look at how little damage they did to British forces evacuating at Dunkirk for example. Dunkirk was a good trial run for the Luftwaffe to see how they would fair against the Royal Navy and yet they had extremely poor results against ships that were often sitting ducks, not moving but tied up to the harbour wall while the troops embarked. So Hitler knew he had to attack Russia, before Russia attacked Germany. Britain at this time was not a major problem to Germany, Hitler knew they couldn't mount any serious opposition other than a few air-raids and even those were limited to night attacks as the Luftwaffe could mount a good defence of mainland Europe in those days.