Largely, this is historical. In the days before one-day cricket, matches generally were won and lost on the number of wickets taken in the fourth innings - it was a rare match which ended up with more than one team likely to win as the match approached its end, but rather a question of whether the team in the winning position could force a win, or whether it would end up as a draw. No. As soon as the fielder was simultaneously in contact with both the ball and the boundary rope, the boundary is scored and the ball is dead. See Law 23.1: There is no special case for being "caught behind" or "caught by the wicket keeper", so the rule is the same as at any other time: if the batsmen had crossed at the moment the catch was taken, then the former non-striker takes strike. If the batsmen had not crossed, then the new batsman takes strike. A run out means that the batsman has hit the ball and decided to run, but for whatever reason there wasn't actually a run there. The skill here comes from the fielders and whoever breaks the wicket, and no significant input from the bowler - as such, they're not credited with a wicket. Obviously that's changed with the advent of one-day cricket, but there certainly are still matches were number of wickets is important; take for instance New Zealand vs Scotland in the 2015 World Cup - if New Zealand batted out their 50 overs, they were going to better Scotland's total of 142 so "won by 3 wickets" probably is more appropriate than "won with 151 balls remaining". I agree net run rate is potentially a useful measure of the margin of victory, but I suspect trying to explain it would confuse people who aren't hardcore cricket fans so much that its value would diminish beyond the point of usefulness. I don't think the comparison with football is really relevant - cricket involves a lot more standing around than football and often on much harder ground, so the requirements are different. Starting from the basics: Law 18.1 says that the batsmen have scored a run: There are two different scenarios here: References: ICC Playing Conditions, Appendix 1 (Decision Review System), Sections 2 (Umpire Review) and 3 (Player Review). The on field umpires refer a decision to the third umpire because they are unsure of the correct decision. In this case, the benefit of the doubt goes to the batsman, which generally means "not out". So in this circumstance, the batsmen completed one (and only one) run before the wicket was put down; therefore the batting team scores one run and the scores are equal. We now refer to Law 21.5: (b) dismissed Run out, the batting side shall also score runs completed before the wicket was put down. The trousers on a cricket strip are loose and do not significantly affect running speed. What they do help with is both giving some protection to the knees etc when players slide or dive to field the ball, and also keeping players warm - maybe not an issue if you're playing in India, but come and play a match in Durham in April and you'll want not just trousers but a couple of thick jumpers as well. Assuming that you are referring to a limited overs match, the side batting last has completed its innings, and the scores are equal. Therefore the match is a tie. The only situation in which 2.5 m comes into play is if the Decision Review System is used. At that point, if the point of impact is more than 2.5 m from the stumps, then (hand waving slightly) the on-field umpire's original decision is less likely to be overturned. Specifically, see section 3.3(i)(iii) of the Decision Review System - Playing Conditions (Appendix 2) from the standard Test Match Playing Conditions: Specifically, see Law 18.12(a): No, the wicket-keeper is not required to wear pads. To quote from Law 40.1: If this were the final ball of a timed match, then the match would be a draw as the side batting last had not completed its innings (except in the case that the run out was the last wicket; then it would again be a tie). As such, there's no need for any markings on the pitch, as it is determined by the information from the DRS cameras, not by the on-field umpires. This is explicitly covered in Law 25.5: There are a couple of rubgy competitions which are county based, or close to: (my emphasis) Note that's "permitted" not "required". As for why, that's simple - being hit on the shins by a cricket ball hurts. The third umpire is brought into play after the use of a DRS review by one of the teams. In this case, the third umpire must have conclusive evidence to overrule the on field umpires, so if the third umpire is unsure, the decision made on the field stands. The relevant part of Law 19.3 is A stumping generally happens when the bowler has deceived the batsman with some combination of length, speed and/or spin and has enticed him to come out of his ground to play a shot - as such, it involves an amount of skill on the part of the bowler so they are credited with the wicket. A wide is always a wide, and always gives one run to the batting team. It doesn't matter if the batsman was out from the ball, whether that be run out, stumped or any of the other ways a batsman can be out from a wide.