Disqualified Players ARTICLE 6. a. Any player or identified squad member in uniform who commits two unsportsmanlike conduct fouls in the same game shall be disqualified. b. A player disqualified from the game must leave the playing enclosure under team supervision within a reasonable amount of time after his disqualification. He must remain out of view of the field of play under team supervision for the duration of the game pro-right | split | 8 | 9 | 7 | F motion right | option zone right | Example: 1st quarter and the other team just marched down the field and scored a TD on a 6 minute drive. You get the ball on your 30. Three plays later you are sitting on your 35. Numbers say go for it. The numbers don't understand that your offense isn't clicking yet. Numbers don't take into account that if your defense goes right back out, they will be shell-shocked seeing the team start with the field position. Also the other team would be on an emotional high getting the ball there. So if you do get the first down? Well that doesn't guarantee that you will get another yard on the drive. When you call a football play it is a sequenced code. Each section of the code refers to a certain function. 

897 - These are the patterns the receivers will run. There is also a lot of variance in how these are called. In my example the "X" will run an 8, the "Y" will run a 9, and the "Z" (TE) will run a 7. If the RB/FB were running patterns they would need calls. In this sequence I would adding "halfback flat" after the 897. Without any sort of pass cue my FB and RB should know that they are blocking. I have also coached where we would call 897 backs 00. The zeroes signify no route for the backs. And then I have coached where we call WR patterns going from left to right. So if we have trips right we might call 4378 and the WR on left gets the 4, first trip WR on right gets 3, second trips WR gets 7, and end WR on right gets 8. This might sound hard but it is quite easy for players once rules are in place. This is actually only hard on the coach trying to call the play. to set picks. This is en vogue right now in the NFL but basically the slot guy motions to twins and does a flat rub. As he does his flat route the twins both wait and release inside of him which causes some really odd angles for the DBs. (a friend noted that the slot guy also motions over and fakes the rub and outside receiver runs a streak fade as DB deeks for inside position) Second question - sabermetrics Every NFL team has "sabermetrics". Some much more advanced than others. Even keeping stats for teams I coach we grade every player each play. For defensive lineman for example we have a zone rating (player controlling zone), leverage rating (how well does player shed block or control offensive lineman), depth rating (our lineman are getting up field), blow-ups (causing play to jump backwards), and so on. 

A guard however can receive a handoff (not a snap) from anyone including the quarterback. The guard can also pick the ball up off of the ground if the center chooses to leave it there (many trick play variations here). I get great real numbers I can quantifiably show that player X is outperforming player Y. These stats are great when player Y looks like Hercules and everyone thinks he should play and player X looks average but performs consistently. What I have found is that most coaches play kids based on their maximum potential - and this happens in the NFL too. I can tell you this - less than 2% of players play all out all the time. So these stats are great. 

Really learning a playbook is only super complex at the pro-level. And then it is only really hard if you are just thrown into new terminology. See in general a high school will have a pretty easy playbook. When a player gets to college it will be a lot harder and a lot different. The player adjusts through repetition and generally they use the same system their entire time at college (I know this isn't always true for bigtime college amidst coaching carousel). So really no big deal for players. QBs might have a tough time at first but that is why not many freshman QBs start.