Full text of Into the Storm: American Covert Involvement in the Angolan Civil War, 1974-1975 by Shannon Rae Butler on the Internet Archive. In 2001, former Navy Chief Petty Officer Marvin Nowicki, who was the chief Hebrew-language analyst aboard a U.S. Navy EC-121 spy plane that was intercepting Israeli aircraft communications during the attack on the USS Liberty, stated in a letter to the Wall Street Journal that though he heard and recorded Israeli pilots’ and captains’ references to the U.S. flag flying on the deck of the Liberty, these remarks were made only after the attack was underway, and not before. However, as far as I am aware, to date nothing in the declassified records casts any serious doubt on the official story that the attack was a mistake, resulting from poor communication between units of the IDF and the mis-identification of the vessel. However, there were certainly some quite distinct Irish traditions and practices (albeit with many local variations!). In this context, I think the term "early Celtic church in Ireland" is appropriate specifically because of the common aspects of Irish law which helped shape many aspects of the early adoption and development of Christianity in Ireland. Some of those features came to be a significant factor in enabling the attacks that you describe. In the absolute terms one can say with confidence that due to Rommel's actions (his successes on the battlefield) the war lasted longer and many more innocents (Jews, Gypsies, Russians, Poles &c) were murdered. It does appear that these deaths were not to his liking, but they did happen. Justification of war is important for one's own troop and population morale, so the theoretical framework has been around for millennia. Yes, but the rumors are so persistent! My guess is that it all started with oil drums. USSR swiped in Germany everything if could carry. They probably took the fuel drums and brought them to Tiksi (and many other places). Some of them might have been stolen by the locals, who then, quite naturally, claim to have fished them out of the river. Then the rumor mill takes over - someone would claim to have seen Nazi coins or uniforms or submarine pens... Please see Scramble for Africa for more details. The air distance between Murmansk and Tiksi (Lena delta) is 1744.66 nmi. One exception I know of is the treatment of the Polish diplomats in USSR in the fall of 1939 after Poland was divided between Germany and USSR. They were allowed to leave USSR (for England via Romania) unmolested, but as private citizens. I.e., the USSR made an effort to demonstrate that Poland is not a Nation anymore. Still, Romanians were allowed to take care of the Polish embassy building &c. In 2005 the Advanced Modular Gun Demonstrator test fired 85 miles or 137km and the shells could go 45km high. One article quotes the barrel pressure at 100,000 psi which is absurd. However, it is research equipment, not a practical weapon. The helmet can block vision or get snagged. This one is my own speculation. If the helmet gets snagged, I'd rather it fell off than get snagged with it. If the helmet falls over my eyes, I want to get rid of it quick. It did, with careful diplomacy, for 40 years. Then it fell apart. As a result, while the Maori were eventually overwhelmed, they were not shattered like the Native Americans and the Australian Aborigines. They retained some power, and today make up 15% of the population of New Zealand. Missouri and Iowa's borders depended on a line drawn from "the rapids of the River Des Moines", there are a lot of rapids on the Des Moines River, or "the Des Moines rapids" on the Mississippi River depending on who you asked. The difference was a 30 mile strip of land running the length of the Missouri/Iowa border. The Iowa militia was not a formidable fighting force. According to the Iowa National Guard Museum... The answer to "why didn't Europe colonize China?" is similar. The Chinese natives were simply too many and too strong. India as well, though it's considered a colony, was more of an annexation and creation of a puppet state. Though in both cases the native populations were second-class citizens, so the distinction between "colony" and "annexation" blurs, no major effort was made to wipe them out and replace them with Europeans.