Let's take one of very many weird results in quantum mechanics. You have polarized sunglasses, right? What happens with polarization is that a photon has one of two polarizations which are at 90 degrees to each other; if it is aligned with the sunglasses it can pass through, but if it is aligned at right angles, it can't. If you line up two pairs of sunglasses, it's only as effective as one: the photons that were aligned with the first pair are still aligned and pass through both. Now suppose you play a nasty trick on your photons: you rotate your second pair of sunglasses by 45 degrees. Guess what happens? Half the photons go through. Half of them are aligned with the new sunglasses, and half are at right angles. It's like the sunglasses made the photon choose: did you really secretly want to be 45 degrees to the left, or 45 degrees to the right, when you said you were vertical before? And you can do this over and over and over and over. If you have vertical sunglasses, then 45 degrees, then vertical again, the photon doesn't remember anything about its first "choice"; maybe it was a "vertical, then 45 degree, then 90 degree" photon, or maybe it was a "vertical, then 45, then vertical again" photon. The reason there isn't a huge amount of philosophical criticism is that the answer is simple and well-understood: if your premises are false, your conclusions may be also even if your reasoning is valid. So while I am not sufficiently familiar with the tenets of naturalized epistemology to be sure about what they say, the answer from those fields where naturalized epistemology is supposed to draw inspiration is "no". But there is a rather famous exposition by John Stuart Mill (summarized here) about the epistemological validity of economics in the face of not quite getting your assumptions right. The basic argument as I understand it is that if you get your premises essentially right, your conclusions will be approximately right, and that's good enough to tell whether you're on the right track. I, as the zombie, can't conclude much of anything from this other than that the universe is not the empty set. (Nor can Descartes, actually.) In order to have a coherent discussion about quantum mechanics, it helps to have a pretty good understanding of quantum mechanics. I think you're unintentionally mischaracterizing the arguments for non-determinism in quantum mechanics. Cogito ergo sum works, logically, in a generalized form that philosophical zombies can manage. The intuition is pretty clear. Swallowing a battery-sized model rocket engine ought not make someone explode. It might make them sick (it's probably poisonous) or hurt them, but not explode. But people really really don't go around exploding much. If SIA vs. SSA boils down to anything other than asking different questions / scoring your rewards differently, then making that assumption is unjustified. She should say, "Why are you bothering me with this question?!" You probably really ought to ask somewhere that deals with statistics. The problem is no less severe when the collision in terminology is between an intuitive (rather than a precise mathematical) term and a formal definition that agrees in some places but collides violently in others. This is exactly what the Gettier problems illustrate: violent collision between the intuitive idea and the formal definition. The problem with anecdotes is that people habitually underestimate the chance that the account is wrong, or fail to realize that the world has seven billion people in it and all sorts of stuff happens by chance and we select out the weird-seeming things to pay attention to. So if you want a rule of thumb: ignore anecdotes. But if you want to be statistically accurate: yes, they contain information (and can possibly justify you changing your model of what is likely by quite a bit*). Qualia are phenomena that require some sort of explanation, just as our ability to see blue does. Science can use normal evidence-based approaches (e.g. Popperian falsification). It's worked reasonably well for neuroscience so far, though we know that we don't know anywhere near enough about the workings of brains to nail down what qualia are and how they are caused. So there isn't anything to see there--but you can certainly do empirical studies to verify that the phenomenon (that people report qualia) is true! The SEP article covers various modern responses. In particular, approaches inspired by Popper's approach to the scientific method (including the slightly more forgiving formulation by Lakatos) seem to indicate that economics is no science and should be treated with skepticism. It's not at all clear to me that this is wrong even if it is not acceptable to economists. Now, back to your question: knowing that you don't know something is, of course, not a reason to say that something is false, or true, or unknowable. But when you're trying to come up with a compact predictive framework to describe observations, the theory that lets you best deal with those things you can know, and lets you adequately work around that which you don't (or can't--even if you don't know whether it's "don't" or "can't"), is the superior theory. Once that theory is shown to agree with many observations over long periods of time and under a wide range of conditions, it is pragmatic to accept that theory as true in the scientific sense (i.e. in the sense that it is "true" that you cannot fly by flapping your arms).