Effect of Disclosure On Classification Status 

(7) it is REDACTED consistent with U.S. law and the laws of war for the Secretary of Defense to detain Mr. Padilla as enemy combatant. Accordingly, you are directed to receive Mr. Padilla from the Department of Justice and to detain him as an enemy combatant. 

State and Local Age Limits And Disability Rules Most states have chosen not to follow the federal example with regard to judges and have either imposed a constitutional retirement age, as in the case of Colorado, where Colorado Constitution, Article IV, Section 23(1) requires judges to retire at age 72, and/or have a commission overseeing judges (and sometimes other civil servants) that can require them to retire due to disabilities which often arise from old age. 

It is not at all clear how the courts would resolve that issue outside the 4th Circuit. The Padilla case in 2005 did give rise to a precedent in the United States Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit that supports the practice, although a subsequent ruling in the Al-Marri case arguably muddied the waters. 

(3) Mr. Padilla engaged in conduct that constituted hostile and warlike acts, including conduct in preparation for acts of international terrorism that had the aim to cause injury to or adverse effects on the United States; 

In the context of prior cases about "enemy combatants", the precedents used the declarations of war from World War II, and in the Civil War, respectively to determine who was an "enemy". The two pre-9-11 cases that were used to support the enemy combatant doctrine were Ex Parte Quirin, 317 U.S. 1 (1942) (World War II), and Ex Parte Milligan, 71 U.S. (4 Wall.) 2 (1866) (U.S. Civil War). 

This could be done in one of two ways 

By tweeting out the emails ahead of the story, Trump Jr. literally gave to every other news outlet what the NYT had worked for over a year to compile and corroborate. It's what you would call a pyrrhic victory. It was coming out anyways, so Trump Jr got some measure of revenge. This summary of another journalist's tweets (who was also working on this story) pretty much says it all (read from the bottom up) 

The Russians had hacked the DNC and John Podesta's email Were timing the release of some of the more salacious details to cause maximum political damage The Trump Administration is somehow proving benefits to Russia in a quid-pro-quo relationship That would be enough to topple a President. General sentiment would turn easily, and you could Impeach him readily (remember, Impeachment is largely a political process, not so much a legal one). 

It has been reported that Donald Trump is signing for a temporary ban on refugees. 

Donald Trump claims that Mexico will pay for the wall, but surely now he's signed an executive order there would be some form of timeframe for the construction to start taking place? 

What is the difference between receiving a normal presidential medal of freedom and one with distinction? 

What current sources of funding is Donald Trump planning to use? 

The Obama administration signed a refugee resettlement deal with Australia for refugees settled in Papua New Guinea and the tiny South Pacific island nation of Nauru last year. How would this temporary ban affect this deal? 

I saw yesterday Joe Biden Jr, was awarded the presidential medal of freedom to which I'd never really saw anything about it before. So I was doing some reading around and noticed that awarded with distinction kept popping up. But without much explanation as to why.