The New Guinea campaign was complete hell. During wartime censorship (what First Ammendment?) Roosevelt permitted photographs of dead soldiers for the first time from this campaign (notice landing craft in the background): 

If you see pictures of Scottish officers in traditional dress, sometimes they are wearing a gold plaque hanging from a chain around their neck. It is usually kind of kidney shaped. Does anyone know what that thing is called? Below is a picture of George Washington wearing one around his neck: 

We may read what Whitaker has related in his "A Complete System of Universal History" (1821) about Jedso (Hokkaido): I am sure those plans would be quite secret and you would not be able to trust any offhand account of them because there would be no telling whether the informant had correct information or was reporting some kind of disinformation. 

the companies would have irregular sizes, from the same volume: It is USS LSIL-545. It got two battle commendations. Here is that baby in action in New Guinea (what a hell hole): 

Some people in the comments seem to have taken exception to my comment about Germany's loss of business with the US and other countries. I know there is sort of a propaganda cult about how American big business "conspired" with Nazi Germany, but the reality is that Germany and Italy's trade with the entire world other than Europe was curtailed by the British blockade which included wheat and coffee as "contraband". In fact, even a United States mail ship going to Italy was embargoed by the British on some pretext. The British not only stopped any ships from going to Germany, but often stole their cargo as well. All over the world German merchant ships tried to hide in neutral ports to no avail as Britain and the United States found any means to coerce the country involved to hand the ship over to them. 

With all this, it is of course true that ancient societies could not spend as large part of GDP on government expenses as modern ones, simply because the labor productivity is incomparable. For most of the history most people worked just for subsistence. It is only surplus production besides the subsistence, which can be used on all other expenses, including military. 

There were very few exceptions in the history of Soviet Union. For example, a Polish unit was formed during WW2 of the Poles taken prisoners in 1939 and other Poles. The battle of Thermopylae (300 Spartans) is a prime example:-) I think no comments are required because everyone knows this example very well. 

Persian literature of that time did not survive to our days, but one can be reasonably sure that Persians did not consider this battle as something very important. Moreover, one can conjecture that the battle is so famous mainly because of its description by Herodotus, and because the writings of Herodotus survived. 

EDIT. But the most important consideration is what your potential enemy does. After WWII, the US concluded that aircraft carriers and submarines were the desirable ships, and kept some old battleships, just for the case. Soviet Union never built a battleship, but they had some foreign-built. They were working on how to destroy the US carriers and submarines, and decided that building battleships is not a solution. And so on.