Most of the recent discussion of this question is in Philosophy of Biology, the subfield of Philosophy of Science. Philosophy of biology asks and tries to answer a wide range of philosophical questions — questions arising from all areas of philosophical inquiry — as they concern living things and the study of living things. 

To be falsifiable it would need to make a lot of predictions (or retrodictions) about what we should observe. I don't think any scientific-method candidate itself makes predictions. Let's take Bayesianism as an example. It offers a method for updating beliefs in light of new evidence. What does it say we should observe? Nothing. It is silent about that. 

This question is also taken up in a very different way by philosophers working in the tradition of Phenomenology as a matter of what life is for a being experiencing it, and perhaps elsewhere. However, the philosophers asking the specific questions you raise — about viruses and other quasi-organisms, artificial life (or A-life), computing devices — have been philosophers of biology. 

That is to say: while there can be no definitive counter-evidence, and while there are a number of ways the hypothesis can be fit with our knowledge, it can only be done quite awkwardly. We should take that awkwardness of fit as a strike against the hypothesis. This is how science works more generally: we don't arrive at complete certainties so much as deeply-corroborated sets of coherent beliefs. 

Yes, philosophers have made some recent contributions to other fields. And just countering gross generalization with gross generalization, I believe it is generally far from true, as Aaronson suggests above, that philosophers working right now on applications to other fields are ignorant of those other fields. 

One clarification: positivists also did not think of positive statements as "pointing to an objective reality." Positivists deny the meaningfulness of talk about objective reality over and above what is contained in observation sentences or other "positive sentences." 

For Kuhn the demarcation between science and non-science is institutional. It parallels institutional theories in other areas of philosophy, like aesthetics. In short, science is what is undertaken by the body of workers called scientists—especially professional scientists. The question of whether something is or isn't science is a matter of whether it's part of the human institution of science. 

Note that this is a hard thing to achieve! We might even expect the results to be uneven. It is daunting, as a graduate student, to try to develop expertise at current philosophy, the history of philosophy, general philosophy of science and its history, philosophy of some particular scientific field, some of the history of that field, some of the History of Science literature on that field, and the current state of knowledge in that scientific field. Not easy. 

However, that is all to discuss the individual, which is the wrong unit of analysis for discussing natural science. Philosopher Helen Longino, for instance, has argued persuasively that an individual person cannot do science in isolation, that science is a fundamentally social process. Individuals can have knowledge they acquire on their own. I see that I am typing now. I know that I am typing. By "know" I mean that I am defeasibly very confident, but not that I am objective. That knowledge is not yet scientific, and we should understand that knowledge as neither certain nor objective. 

All of this is consistent with the idea that yes, our desires can influence — though I'm not sure I would agree they can "determine" — our beliefs. But no amount of desire per se can render our beliefs scientific or objective. We should only understand our beliefs as hewing closer to reality than other beliefs do when our beliefs have been produced by desire-neutralizing processes rather than by desire itself. 

Other more radical hypotheses, like occasionalism are be internally consistent, too. The problems with admitting such beliefs to our storehouse of beliefs often lie not in that they contradict themselves or that they are entirely inconsistent with what we observe. Rather the problems often lie either: 

in trying to determine how to cash out the hypothesis in terms of particulars, and then finding any justification for that whole package. Once you start trying to think about who or what this designer is, you typically find yourself having no grounds for justifying any particular way of cashing it out. If the existence of a hidden designer is consistent with the evidence, it doesn't follow that the claim that a designer exists — or some particular kind of designer exists — is especially plausible or justified. For instance, it might be equally well justified that we are all a feature of the imagination of Descartes's evil demon. In other words, even if you can make some view (designer, or evil demon) consistent with what we observe and understand, that's a very long way from justifying it as a reasonable thing to believe. Of course I don't believe that we're a figment of the imagination of an evil demon, and I don't think it's reasonable to believe that; and yet it's completely consistent with the evidence. And that consistency suggests that epistemologically we shouldn't be over-impressed by a hypothesis not contradicting our other beliefs. I do not feel forced the consistency of my beliefs with the evil demon hypothesis, that is, into agnosticism about evil demons. To reach that point, I would need some significant further epistemic motivation. And in the case of design, that's been lacking.