We no longer invite any of them to her birthday parties. By not inviting any of the cousins, no one is being specifically singled out and the reality is that she has a big enough core group of friends she'd rather see at her parties anyway that her parties are plenty big without forcing an inclusion of family members. Say, "this is not going to help you get what you want. When you are ready to calm down come see me". Then walk away. A child should not get ANYTHING for their tantrums, attention included. If you are in a public space and can't walk away, simply pick up the child and go to a safe place where you can sit and read or something while the child finishes his/her fit. If you are consistent and the tantrums stop working for your child, the tantrums will stop. The girls insist on opening presents for their younger cousins and brother at birthday parties where the family is included. While this was acceptable when the younger cousins (and sibling) were too young to actually open their own gifts, it really isn't anymore. The mother has taken to appeasing them by allowing them to open one gift for their cousin that is the honored guest on a given day. This includes when she is not the hostess and has nothing to do with any of the party planning or anything. Don't ask me how they get invited to any one's parties because I really don't know. It seems this SIL's friends invite them all the time (perhaps she enforces better behavior at her friends houses). My daughter has started just leaving things where she stands - things like food wrappers and orange peels. I have pretty much treated it as I would remembering to the flush the toilet. At a separate time, Ask him if he has any questions or thoughts about what he saw you doing. Not to accuse you of anything, but you probably acted embarassed when he saw you (I know I would) and maybe haven't taken the time to answer his questions. Create the time now. If he tries to change the topic, chalk it up to he doesn't have the vocabulary or self-awareness to express himself about it.