Sorry for the long post, it got longer that I had originally planned and probably not every detail is immediately important to the question. I just like giving some advanced information, felt that my original three-sentence answer didn't address the question in enough accuracy and hopefully visually distinguished the side information sufficiently. 

The main point of Eleshar's answer and BillJ's comment seems to be that there is no explicit terminology because gifted is a modifier of the predicate singer rather than in direct interaction with Harry. This is true syntactically: 1 As expressed by the arrow labelled "amod" going from the NN singer to the JJ "gifted", gifted is an adjectival modifier of the noun phrase singer, which is itself the subject complement of the verb to be which acts as a copula between Harry and the noun phrase ("nsubj" = Harry is the "nominal subject" of the NN singer). The syntactic status of gifted is defined with respect to the predicate singer which the adjective modifies, but it stands in no direct relation with Harry, only indirectly via the "nsub" relation from singer to Harry. This is why it was said by others that there is no term for this kind of indirect relationship. However, semantically, things might look differntly. In terms of meaning, Harry and gifted do indeed stand in a relation: If Harry is a gifted singer, then this should also mean that Harry is gifted. A classical FOL formalization would usually treat propositions of the form 

A lexical selection error in general is when you erroneously pick a wrong word, which is, however, a valid word in your language. Other sub-types of such lexical selection errors beyond phonologically based ones are semantically based lexical selection errors (one prominent error is choosing the exact antonym of what you mean, e.g. It's every cold - err, hot) or errors involving morpohological stranding (e.g. They are Turking talkish). Interestingly, many lexical selection errors still come along with correct grammaticality, as in the example I just mentioned: Although the lexical items themselves are misplaced, the inflection (i.e. -ing and -ish) is syntactically still at the right place - which is an indicator for mental lexical retrievement being a different process than building up the grammatical structure. 

Last but not least, I should mention that the binary distinction "complements vs. adjuncts"/"arguments vs. modifiers" is not as simple and undisputed as it may seem from my exemplifications: Many people argue - for good reasons - that such a two-way distinction is obsolete and that there need to be more more finegrained levels of how an element may contribute to a sentence. But that is a bit out of the scope of this post. TL;DR: "adjunct" or "free modifier" is the term you are looking for. 

1 The distinction between "free modifier" and "adjunct" is not as straightforward; "modifier" is a bit more theory-independent in that "adjunct" is usually used in the context of phrase structure grammars, but "modifer" is also a more vague term that is more semantically than syntactically motivated. You'll find both terms in the literature, but in computational parsing, which often relies on dependency structures, "modifier" is probably the more common term.