      This works on the same principle as most mob farms: it uses water currents to trap pigs and pull them underwater, drowning them. All of the spoils end up at a singular point below the structure, that can be accessed by a ladder. Based on this, it appears that yes, obsidian 'blocks' the effects of explosions. My health meter flashed, and my character said Oof! a bunch of times, but no damage was taken. 

To set it up, simply download it (18.01Kb), extract everything in the folder, and then copy the craftscripts folder, minecraft.jar, and WorldEdit.jar files directly into your bin folder for Minecraft. If you can't find the hidden file, the default is If you don't care about saved data On closer inspection, it seems likely to have something to do with this: 

It appears that this is an HD texture pack, which means I need to run some sort of fixer for it. 

Minecraft.net is the only site you can use to download the Minecraft game, so you will need a personal computer and an internet connection. However, after you download it, you can copy the game to an external drive, and play it from there. Sort of. 

I ran a few simple tests, and it looks like no, you can't. The hitbox of the minecart completely swallows up the chicken, which becomes effectively invulnerable. You just end up breaking the minecart. The texture pack also comes with some good paintings for marking dangerous areas: 

As Kevin Y pointed out to me, if you really don't want to change your entire texture pack, you can simply edit the paintings in the default texture pack. This will retain all of the standard textures, while letting you switch to 'custom' paintings. 

You can also get the client to create this directory like it did when you first installed it, when you run it on a new machine. When you run the client on a new computer, it should download, and store the files you need to play. If it doesn't, on the game's splash screen click 'options', and then check 'force update'. This will cause the game to update itself when you log in, and it will create the new directory in your %APPDATA% with all of the files Minecraft needs to run. If you want to transfer your saved data: Once open texture pack folder' to open up a folder in your system. Go up a few directory levels until you get to %APPDATA%. You should see a folder called .minecraft (it may be hidden). That folder contains all of your previously saved Minecraft game data (worlds, version files, etc). Copy this folder to your USB stick. 

Either way, Minecraft is going to need to make, or use files buried in your system's %APPDATA% directory, so if you don't want to leave any game files on a computer, you'll have to go in and delete them when you're done. You cannot save, load, and play Minecraft entirely from an external USB stick. If you're not averse to changing your texture pack, this can be a great solution. Alternate texture packs will change the look of your paintings as well as the rest of your textures. For example, the PieHole texture pack transforms some of your 2x1 signs into these directional arrows: Edit As I've found out on my own server, this is purely client-side. Logging out and back in should make them disappear. If you ARE abhorrent to a little cheating, then this is still an excellent option. In addition to getting free stuff, you also get the options to Save up to 7 inventory configurations, and delete items permanently from your inventory. 

One word of warning: This mod is very quick/easy to set up, but it requires you to overwrite the minecraft.jar that is already in your bin folder. If you want to remove the mod afterward, all you need to do is copy the original minecraft.jar somewhere else, and then once you're done with the mod, delete the craftscripts folder, and WorldEdit.jar file, and replace the new minecraft.jar with the original one. 

The current answers are excellent. You could also try Zan's Minimap Mod, which works in both SSP and SMP. However, since Minecraft 1.6 is releasing this week, and one of the new features is going to be a map, this mod may become obsolete very soon. If you're not abhorrent to a little cheating, if only to get yourself back to the surface, you should try TooManyItems (by "Marglyph"). After you get it set it, if you press 'O' on your inventory screen, you'll toggle a graphical list of every material in Minecraft. Clicking on one will give a number of that material to your inventory. 

Unfortunately, Minecraft will still try to look for the data in the same place on any computer you play it on, so you'll have to copy this folder to the same place on the new computer, and then copy it back to your stick when you're done if you want to be able to save your progress.