1) The 2 pure forms of our intuition: space and time as the result from our human capabilities of sensuality (CpR: Transcendental Aesthetic) Both, Kant and Gödel prove the impossibility of certain rational approaches. That’s what both have in common. 3) http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/kant-science/ testifies a certain influence of Kant’s thoughts on contemporary philosopyh of science. The passage starts: 

What makes up “our culture”? I assume you mean the Western culture, as prominent in Europe, in USA and in Canada. Besides philosophy I consider fundamental components of this culture Hence both concepts live on different levels. But one can use the veil of ignorance when a group votes, whether a certain action adheres to the Categoric Imperative. Kant, Immanuel: Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science (German: Metaphysische Anfangsgründe der Naturwissenschaft) (1786) I think one cannot derive the veil of ignorance from Kant's Categorical Imperative. Both do not contradict, but they follow different aims. Concerning your question no. 1: Kant takes over the concept of the supreme good from the philosophical tradition. Aristotle was the first who examined the idea of the supreme good from a philosophical viewpoint (Nicomachean Ethics). Aristotle equated the supreme good with eudaimonia and ranked the latter the goal of human life. 

Ad 3: Kant names at least the following sources which have prompted him to investigate the capabilites of reason and the scope of metaphysical claims. 

1) The first incompleteness theorem of Gödel: I openly confess, the suggestion of David Hume was the very thing, which many years ago first interrupted my dogmatic slumber, and gave my investigations in the field of speculative philosophy quite a new direction. (A13) 

One can question Kant’s claim on the existence of statements from physics which are synthetic a priori. I vote for following Kant in his method, in particular in his constructivist epistemology. But I do not vote to follow him in all his results. Instead one should apply Kant’s method of criticism to Kant’s results themselves. Physics has made progress since the time of Newton. And since Hume’s insight into the weakness of inductive conclusions and Popper’s falsificationism every claim to prove general statements in science seem dubious and unjustified. In the field of mathematics you are free to create arbitrary ideas as long as they are free from inconsistencies. Mathematical concepts do not necessarily relate to the real world. The empty set is a clever concept from set theory. E.g., it is useful to define the intersection of two sets even when they are disjunct. Moreover the empty set is the basis of von Neumann's construction of natural numbers. Different from the things-in-themselves there exists only one empty set. After understanding the type of border one can question the big discussions from metaphysics about cosmological subjects: finiteness versus infiniteness, causality versus freedom, simple versus composed, necessity versus non-necessity of a creator. Kants deals with these subjects in the chapter on antinomies. 

Kant has nearly no influence on science. His understanding of Newtonian physics as based on synthetical a priori statements is outdated. In addition, I do not know about any Kantian influence on later technology. According to the General Theory of Relativity spacetime is an objective physical quantity "existing in itself", i.e. independent from the observer. This view is different from Kant's concept of space and time. Kant emphasizes that our experience is not an image but a construction. Our understanding constructs experience with the help of two types of intuition, space and time, and the categories. The intuitions and the categories are a priori. 

Apparently Plato’s thinking does not make the technical distinction between ontology and epistemology as we do today. The dichotomy between the domain of the visible and the domain of the intelligible can be found as a characteristics in all of Plato’s philosophy. 

2) Kant later comments on this point and explicates that it was the problem of human freedom which interrupted his dogmatic slumber. See letter to Garve from 1798, quoted from p. 9 in Kreimendahl, Lothar: Der Durchbruch von 1769. Köln 1990 (in German) My answer to your question no. 2 is “No”. The supreme good comes a posteriori while the obligation to act morally is first. The supreme good is neither a reason nor a motivation to act morally. According to Kant: Who acts in accordance with the categorical imperative to obtain eudaimonia, does not act morally. Kant's Moral Philosophy at SEP covers this topic pretty well; check it out for further reading. I'm not overly fond of Wikipedia's coverage but it's a good supplementary read. However, these pure concepts of the understanding cannot be related to any particular objects or pictures in your mind, because they are the pure concepts, and any relation of them to a particular empirical intuition would inappropriate; the mere association of a pure concept with a sensible intuition would cause it to be "impure" (it would lose objectivity). 

Other than saying that "the schema in itself is always only a product of the imagination", it doesn't appear it goes into much more depth than that. I think the paragraph in The Critique of Pure Reason just before the one you listed is most crucial for comprehending the concept of schema: See "Existence" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existence , although you will probably find more thorough literature on it under the arguments against the Ontological argument for the existence of God. For example: http://www.existence-of-god.com/ontological-objections.html (section labelled "Kant’s Objection to the Ontological Argument: Existence is not a Predicate") http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ontological_argument#Kant:_existence_is_not_a_predicate