The only difference between AP Cho'Gath and Tanky Cho'Gath in terms of Feast timing is that you might want to be a little more conservative spamming it on minions when you are trying to go for kills. You still want to build stacks, but if you think you might be able to get a kill, then save the Feast for that. Just don't save it too long. You want to be using Feast so that you can use it again ASAP. AP Cho'Gath AP Cho'Gath is not the optimal way to play Cho'Gath, to be honest. It's fun, for sure (he's one of my favorite champions), but he's not going to be effective in a truly competitive game. For this reason, I think the specifics of timing Feast when running this build aren't as important. If you get an ace during a team fight in late game, usually you can push and win the game right then and there. Other times, you get an ace by killing their lone defender right before the other 4 of them spawn, in which case it's less meaningful. Apparently, there are other exceptions as well. From the wiki: Having Feast stacks makes you more unkillable. It is almost always worth killing a minion to get a Feast stack as soon as Feast is back up, unless you know that a team fight is imminent. The more damage you can take before you have to run away, the better, and Feast stacks will help you do that. In the later game, your job is vision control. Make sure that you can see baron and dragon if they're close to coming back up, and that the enemy team can't. If you can, try to get vision a little bit past your safe front, so that you can see what the enemies are up to. Whenever your teammates aren't around to support, your job is to control vision (including denying your opponents' vision) without feeding the enemy team. When Guardian Angel's passive triggers, you don't count as having died. You will keep stacks on Bloodthirster and other items that lose stacks on death, you will keep your blue/red buff, etc. And, like you noted, no kills or deaths or assists are awarded. During laning, if your ADC went back to heal or buy and won't make it back to lane in time to kill the current minion wave, then go ahead and last-hit those minions yourself. It's much better than wasting the gold. You can also leave lane briefly to ward nearby brushes and such to make your lane safer.