Communist Party of the Netherlands (CPN) I could not locate materials specifically addressing the CPN, which was caught up in a fight over the merger of trade union and with dissatifaction with Paul de Groot. Communist Party of Germany (KPD) The KPD at first hid the speech from its members, but they learned about it anyway from the mainstream press in June. Before much internal turmoil could roil the party, it was banned in August by the Constitutional Court for its more direct revolutionary activities. There was no major communist party again in West Germany for over a decade. Moreover, 1956 was an eventful year: mass demonstrations against de-Stalinization in Georgia, the Suez Crisis, the Poznan strikes and their harsh response, and most significantly the Hungarian Uprising, which some say were catalyzed by the speech. The violent repressions led many to question Soviet leadership. Indeed, 1956 is a conventional point for marking the rise of the “New Left” (a term popularized later), which favors a more humanistic socialism, and of the communist movement independent of the Soviet Union later labeled as "euro-communism." Danish Communist Party (DKP) The DKP's popularity had waned as the Cold War intensified; seeking to reverse this trend, Aksel Larsen used the speech and the aftermath of the Hungarian repression to reconsider his past staunch support of Stalin. This was ill-received and he was forced out of the party. Communist Party of Great Britain (CPGB) Party members wrote in numbers following the publication of the public speech, and the old guard paid it little heed; J.R. Campbell declared the discussion on Stalin closed on March 12, only to be undermined when the text of the secret speech reached the West on March 16. Similarly, General Secretary Harry Pollitt expressed full confidence in the Soviet Union and the CPSU at the 20th Party Congress, but by May the defense of Stalin was untenable, and he resigned. Dissatisfaction with Soviet actions and to the quashing of debate on the same led to an exodus of members, including some its leading intellectuals: John Saville writes that he and E.P. Thompson founded The Reasoner (and The New Reasoner after they left the party) in response to the speeches. 

It is difficult to characterize the reactions of whole organizations, and to separate out the reaction to the speech from the reaction to the 20th Party Congress as a whole, and to the other events of 1956. The Norwegian Communist Party likewise remained in Moscow's orbit. Italian Communist Party (PCI) Palmiro Togliatti, head of the PCI, had virtually since the death of Stalin sought a more independent direction; after the release of Khruschev's speech he openly criticized Stalinism in an interview with Nuovo Argomenti. The PCI did see splits, however, over the Hungarian Uprising.