so where is speaking out the niyyah quoted here? 

If semen comes out ghusl is fard/farz. And semen comes out during orgasm! But if madiy or wadiy comes out one has to wash his private parts and his clothes if one finds them wet of it! And then one can do wudu' as usual for prayer! 

a transliteration of #55 is here - #57 also in both Sahih books 

And he quoted a couple of verses and hadiths with commentaries to give a proof: 

Can women participate at the prayer (in a mosque) 

Also note that all ahadith in al-Muwatta' of imam Malik which might be used as an evidence for putting one hand on the other have weaknesses and most if not all ahadith on this matter are only quoted in the sunan books, which means they are not that strong! 

Well we have several issues here I hope I'll address all of them to the best of my knowledge: 

So for example geometrical drawings or settings would be allowed, but images of living things not. 

Imam Ahmad opinion is that one is free to chose whether one prays 2 raka'a or four raka'a. 

The tahiyyat al-Masjid is also a highly recommended nafl, it must be done each time you entered a Mosque if you have enough time to do it before the congregation prayer starts. Scholars say if you entered the mosque several times it is recommend to do it each time, but for example if you need to cross a mosque many times a day you may do it at least once. It is a set of two raka'a which you perform silently. 

So she needs to be ritually clean for the prayer, but if she can't reach the water by herself she might be able to take a stone and wipe on it doing tayamum if she isn't able to do so I don't think Allah would consider her sinning if she didn't pray on time and wait until somebody can help her. And here's a detailed fatwa I just found on this matter islamqa #71202, which may present some different opinion. 

She must be covered for prayer in a way that hides at least all of her body except her face and hands (maybe even feet), but this cover doesn't need to be part of her clothing for example if she sites she can put a sheet on some body parts or have them put on her. 

If you are two people then the Imam should have the ma'mum on his right (side-by-side) not behind him! So if a third one came (assuming you are talking about male of course or a congregation of the same gender) 

Note that the 'Asr prayer is mentioned (or at least interpreted) in the Qur'an in two places: 

What are the rules for reading 4 rak'a fard with jamat or alone? 

One must add that ibn al-Qassim didn't see his teacher during at least the last 7 years of Malik's lifetime, so he might not know what was his last opinion on that matter. 

If it is possible to help her for wudu' than this should be the best practice. However I know people who are not even able to move their hands etc. so the practice here is tayamum using a stone (see for example 4:43 and 5:6), as tayamum in some cases is allowed. I might need to check whether this would apply in this special case, but I remember the words of Allah saying: