Sometimes if you screw up and trap, say a "petty" monster soul when you only have grand soul gems available, the smaller soul will take up a large gem. If you end up with the wrong size soul in a gem, typically you can drop it on the ground and pick it back up to clear it. Whether this is a bug that will eventually be fixed, or a feature is unclear. 

One is that there is a maximum level for your enemies: Complimentary Skills I also highly suggest that every thief prioritizes learning Alchemy, as being able to heal yourself cheaply is very important. Poisons and other alchemy results (ie, invisibility) are also critical. There are abundant ingredients in the fields around Whiterun that should get you started along this path. You can also rob the alchemists in towns to build up your potion and ingredient stocks, which will offset your low health in battle. These all seem like quest items, which can't be removed without console commands or by completing their related quest. That said, while they should be removed when you complete their related quests, I found myself stuck with some of these items after the quests were complete with no way to drop them as well. 

I reached Blackreach last night, and I found the first Crimson Nirnroot - apparently this is part of a quest that will give me a particular perk if I can find 30 of these Crimson Nirnroots. The perk gives me a 25% chance to create two of a given potion when I mix ingredients. 

I don't believe the Xbox or PS3 versions have this button mapped, although there's indications that the upcoming Xbox Kinect support will add it as a voice command: 

Do note that some of the recipes require the Sigil Stone, which is a reward for a particular quest. You'll need high Conjuration to get the quest and therefore the stone. If this sounds like a lot of work, and you're willing to deal with your cluttered inventory, remember that quest items weigh nothing (despite their listed weight). 

Early-Game Strategy You can join the Companions in Whiterun early, which will give you the ability to take warrior "tanks" along for the ride in many early missions. Their sneak skill is poor, so they will tend to blow your cover if you try to do these as a thief at higher levels. At low level, they're probably around your skill level, so it's less of a disadvantage. Since you're not likely to care about the quest rewards, you can start this early and use it as a stepping stone to higher levels and better skills. This means that past about the mid-50's, you can expect monster difficulty to plateau. There are a few exceptions, such as Magic Anomalies and Legendary Dragons (in Dawnguard), however. Some easy potion recipes to get you started include: Honestly, your first dragon fight isn't that hard - you can mostly hide in the shadows and plink away the dragon's health with arrows and so forth while the Whiterun soldiers do most of the tanking. I'd almost suggest going and getting it over with, and even going to High Hrothgar early - dragons are much easier once you have the shout you learn by following the main quest.