According to Sheldon, mountain bikes use "decimal" sizes, such as 26x1.75 and some older road bikes from the 70s use "fractional" sizes like 26x1-3/4. Get a good track pump. It doesn't have to be expensive, but $25-$50 can get you a pretty good pump, that will last you a life time. Before I got a track pump, I got quite a few flats, now I get almost none. This may matter more with high pressure road tires. The better quality the pump, the more you will use it, and the smaller chance that you will get a pinch flat from low pressure. Although it appears you bought 1.375 which is a decimal size, so it should fit modern bikes. However 1.375 = 1-3/8 which is the size the review is talking about. According to Sheldon, 26x1-3/8 would have a BSD of 597mm or 590mm while newer 26 inch bikes have a BSD of 559mm, making the old sized tired too big for modern rims. 

These problems are inherent to combing the QR system with the tighter tolerances demanded by disc brakes. I suspect this was one of the drivers behind newer standards such as thru-axels, which should be more consistent when fixing the wheel to the dropout (although I can't confirm as I don't have practical experience with thru-axels yet). The "sharpening a knife" sound you describe is likely the rotor lightly touching the brake pad (as mentioned in @Jackson's answer). This can happen if the rotor slightly is out-of-true (i.e., slightly warped) and the caliper isn't perfectly aligned. The sound can also come and go depending on how warm the rotor is. As you add heat the rotor (e.g., from braking) this can cause any out-of-true deflection to be more pronounced causing it to touch the brake pad with more force and hence a more pronounced sound. In terms of you only hearing the noise at speed, you may have braked earlier adding heat which increased the rotor deflection. When you hear the sound, stop, spin your rear wheel and look to see if the rotor is running true or has a deflection. 

Although it appears you bought 1.375 which is a decimal size, so it should fit modern bikes. However 1.375 = 1-3/8 which is the size the review is talking about. According to Sheldon, 26x1-3/8 would have a BSD of 597mm or 590mm while newer 26 inch bikes have a BSD of 559mm, making the old sized tired too big for modern rims. 

According to Sheldon, mountain bikes use "decimal" sizes, such as 26x1.75 and some older road bikes from the 70s use "fractional" sizes like 26x1-3/4. 

Get a good track pump. It doesn't have to be expensive, but $25-$50 can get you a pretty good pump, that will last you a life time. Before I got a track pump, I got quite a few flats, now I get almost none. This may matter more with high pressure road tires. The better quality the pump, the more you will use it, and the smaller chance that you will get a pinch flat from low pressure. 

Did you get the right size of liners? They sell a couple different sizes (you can tell the size by the color). I have 28s and I didn't have that much trouble putting them in. Maybe narrow tires are more troublesome. Also, I've had great experiences with tuffy tire liners. Combined with Gatorskins, tires are pretty resistant to punctures. Ran over a broken beer bottle, heard it crush under my tires, and still no flat. A little tricky to get them in there, but defintely not something you have to do very often. Probably worth the trouble. Checking their site, you should have the orange liners.