I would say your friend is mostly wrong if he used the term Abolitionist. 

Uniting a badly divided America, and ensuring she would be fully committed to the Allies. Sources: I found a good article: Mentor to the Stars: The Man behind Eisenhower and Patton which answers this question well. The frugal, Depression-era, peacetime testing of both the torpedo and its exploder was woefully inadequate and had not uncovered many serious design problems. Torpedoes were so expensive that the Navy was unwilling to perform tests that would destroy a torpedo. 

Although Hitler made a few stupid moves during the war, some of which compete on the scale with declaring war on the US while his failure to do so arguable could have kept the US out of the European theatre at least for a while. Hitler's pact with Japan did not require Germany to declare war on the US if Japan was the aggressor.. Thus Hitler literally forced FDR's hand, to FDR and I imagine Churchill's everlasting gratitude. This solved all of the US political problems and allowed the US to come into the war committed and unified even though just days before the war she was far from that. The 12-hour day arose from the nature of the iron and steel industry. The basic process of the industry required continuous operation 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The simplest method of achieving this was to operate two shifts of approximately 12 hours each, with workers alternating from daywork to night- work every week or two, sometimes working through a "long shift" of up to 24 hours. 

I also read this wikipedia article with regards to Eisenhower's almost court marshal in 1921.. and referenced Dwight David Eisenhower Chonology Theodore G. Bilbo - former two term Governor of Mississippi(January 17, 1928 – January 19, 1932). And United States Senator (January 3, 1935 – August 21, 1947) Like many Southern Democrats of his era, Bilbo believed that black people were inferior; he defended segregation, and was a member of the Ku Klux Klan.. First Identified as a Klansman by a newspaper called the Dixie Demagogues, in 1939. He continued to win reelection to the US Senate through 1946, and died in office in 1947. When asked about whether he remained in the Klan in a national interview on Meet the Press in 1946, he responded. That would be John C. Calhoun. The answer is probable. Andrew Jackson might have threatened to kill his Vice President John C. Calhoun. Andrew Jackson definitely said he regretted not killing him. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J._P._Morgan_Jr. Jackson and Calhoun then clashed over a federal road bill (Maysville road bill) which Jackson believed was pork and Calhoun favored. 

You shoot equals in duels. You hang criminals and traitors. That’s what he thought of Calhoun. 

It was a power move. A way to exploit the rules in their favor. 

Bull Connors was defeated for re-election in 1972!!! REHM All right. But then, what do we know about why he decided to move so quickly once he became president, ( and target the 1964 civil rights bill)? 11:14:18 Also to support your premise that a Taliban Foreign Service official in August of 2001 would have warned the United States, The report details a rift between the leader of the Taliban and Osama in the months leading up to the attack on whether to attack the US or not. War Debt was the political football which the North and South kicked around for years following the Civil war. I think your friend was mistaken about the Union saddling the south with it's war debt suggesting the northern States didn't share in the burden. 

Social Realism. While the Roosevelt New Deal Workers Progress Administration, WPA did not mandate realism or non-realism art. It was about employing artists during the Great depression. Many Artists had sympathies which leaned further to the left than capitalism. What the Roosevelt Administration wanted was art which showed their make work initiatives tied to American working class values. What the administration and the social realists had in common was respect for the dignity of the working man. 

Average total aid between the United States and Israel over years given inclusively. Large corporations vigorously fought efforts to unionize their employees. At the conclusion of the unsuccessful struggle of the Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel Workers against the Carnegie Steel Co. at Homestead, Pa., in 1892, the Homestead Works continued using the 12-hour shifts. After the strike against U.S. Steel in 1901 failed, the corporation operated certain departments 12 hours a day, including Sunday. From 1890 to 1911, the average size of plants grew larger, and the percentage of unskilled labor increased. Almost without exception, employers chose the long day. 

A great origin story of how we went from paying tribute to armed struggle. It wasn't a foreign policy derived in Washington but involving one of the really heroic block heads of American History... William Eaton. 

10/40/1940 Campaign Address in Boston Ma. http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/?pid=15887 The United States would fight two wars with the Barbary Pirates. No. The Bill of rights did not apply to free African American men in 1850, much less slaves. The rights of free blacks were not guaranteed by the constitution after the Compromise of 1850 which allowed Freemen to be sent south into slavery simply by swearing out an affidavit they were ones property. This effectively meant that any free black man could become a slave at any point with minimal effort from a single white person.