This description is closer in spirit to the continental style of describing concepts. On a more contemporary note, it can be argued that humans are gods to the characters of the various fictional universes they create and manipulate in novels, movies, and video games. And that these universes have some sort of ontological reality, as thoughts embodied in the minds of their authors and in the mediums in which this fiction is portrayed. It is almost an inevitable logical step to wonder if we are not the same? Can it be that we are just characters in some metaphysical demiurge's video game or children's fantasy book series? And that demiurge is herself a character in a higher level demiurge's work of fiction? I think what you really mean here is more along the lines: How would someone differentiate philosophy from literature, poetry and from mysticism and religious based wisdom? This translation, by E.M Cope uses "God" and "Gods" So who exactly were Descartes, Pascal, and others arguing against when they critiqued atheism? Were there any prominent atheist writers in the late renaissance or early enlightenment? Kant is one of the greatest and most influential philosophers ever. On the other hand, the link between Nietzsche and Nazi ideology seemed much more tenuous. Can Kant be said to have such an effect (i.e. beyond philosophy) on our culture? If one wanted to explain Kant's influence to a layman, how would he go about doing so? For example: Marx has had an effect on political ideology, DesCartes gave us Cartesian coordinates and the mind-body problem, etc... A proponent of continental philosophy would argue that there is no way to fully describe Nietzsche's overman (übermensch) using analytic, clear cut definitions à la Tractatus. You would be forced to use a metaphorical and subjective style if you wanted to convey the full meaning of the overman. More of an extended comment than a full answer. To recap: Philosophy tries to have the least amount of assumptions possible, and tries to argue for the validity of those assumptions using logic and reason, before moving on to dispensing wisdom based on those assumptions. Poetry, Literature, Religion and other such forms of Wisdom don't. Similarly to science what makes a field philosophical or not is based on the method used. I found several videos on youtube that put all of the cultural left issues I mentioned under the general heading of "Cultural Marxism" - and they claim that this is part of a more or less deliberate move by Marxist thinkers, who turned to cultural issues after the failure of traditional Marxism as exemplified by the failures of communism in the U.S.S.R and China. By bringing up social issues and challenging traditional values, these thinkers presumably wanted to undermine western society, eventually leading to its breakdown and finally paving the way for the foretold workers revolution. They all single out the Frankfurt School as being the main driver behind all this. which sounds very much like a statement made about the Abrahamic God. And yet at the time (Early 17th century Europe) there would have been few if any openly irreligious or atheist philosophers. The Church still dominated European intellectual life, and people like Galileo got prosecuted for less radical transgressions than being atheist or declaring that men didn't have souls. This is an interesting question at one level, but it loses some of its force if one disagrees with the idea that Nietzsche isn't really a philosopher. I can see how his output can be considered poetry or literature, but I disagree with the overall position.