In the age of 12 he accompanied his uncle for trading to Syria (a-Shaam): Imam an-Nawawi in his commentary on sahih Muslim said there's consensus about the fact that the Messenger of Allah has been living in Mekka 40 years before his commission and in Medina 10 years the only thing where there is a dispute is the amount of years he stayed in Mekka after his commission and the most correct is 13 years (see for example here). This means his age when he died was 63 years. Which I found here translated (maybe scattered) as follows: We can also add from the fact that -at least sunni Muslims believe that- Muhammad married the widow Khadijah, that marrying a widow was not uncommon in Jahilyah. One can only read if one has learnt to write! So both reading and writing are actions which we learn simultaneously! But lets try to explain it with other Verses from the Quran: First of all the favors of Allah is very much as you find in Surat Ibrahim (14:34) Abu Hurraira only knew about the identity of the visitor or questioner when Muhammad () revealed it to the present audience or witnesses among the sahaba . This can also be concluded from other ahadith quoting appearances of Jibreel in a human shape such as the hadith of 'Omar ibn al-Khattab. A more delicate and difficult matter could be marrying a widow who has children, as it was the case of Amina. It was narrated that Muhammad after the death of Khadija went to ask the hand of Um-Hani' (Fakhitah) bint abi Talib and she refused to marry him (maybe a better formulation would be she asked him kindly not to go on with his proposal by the excuse), with the excuse that she had young children this was quoted in syar a'lam an-nubala' by Imam ad-Dhahabi and in at-Tabarni's awsat and kabir as a hadith on her authority. The same behavior have been quoted in this fatwa about Rubab bint imra al- Qais a wife of al-Hussain ibn 'Ali and a wife of 'Othman, whom has broken some of her teeth when Mu'awiya ibn abu Sufyan asked her for marriage (to show her refusal) and also counted other women saying that this was a kind of behavior they apparently kept from al-Jahilyah for widows who loved their dead husbands or had younger kids. Yes the prophet indeed gave the (newly converted) Meccan's most if not all the war spoil of the battle of Hunayn, but not to gain their support but to bring their hearts together for Islam based on (9:60): (Whoever is an enemy to Jibril (Gabriel) (let him die in his fury), for indeed he has brought it (this Qur'an) down to your heart). Allah's Messenger then said, (The first portent of the Hour will be a fire that will bring together the people from the east to the west; the first meal of the people of Paradise will be the caudate lobe of the liver of fish. As for the child resembling his parents: If a man has sexual intercourse with his wife and his discharge is first, the child will resemble the father. If the woman has a discharge first, the child will resemble her side of the family.) On that 'Abdullah bin Salam said, "I testify that there is no deity worthy of worship except Allah and you are the Messenger of Allah." 'Abdullah bin Salam further said, "O Allah's Messenger! The Jews are liars, and if they should come to know about my conversion to Islam before you ask them (about me), they will tell a lie about me." The Jews came to Allah's Messenger , and 'Abdullah went inside the house. Allah's Messenger asked (the Jews), ("What kind of man is 'Abdullah bin Salam") They replied, `He is the best among us, the son of the best among us, our master and the son of our master.' Allah's Messenger said, (What do you think if he would embrace Islam) The Jews said, "May Allah save him from it." Then 'Abdullah bin Salam came out in front of them saying, "I testify that none has the right to be worshipped but Allah and that Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah." Thereupon they said, "He is the evilest among us, and the son of the evilest among us." And they continued talking badly about him. Ibn Salam said, "This is what I feared, O Messenger of Allah!.''' Only Al-Bukhari recorded this Hadith with this chain of narration. Al-Bukhari and Muslim recorded this Hadith from Anas using another chain of narration. (source qtafsir where you might find more on the meaning of "il")