Per Scripture, the only way to heaven is by putting our trust in Christ and accepting His free gift of salvation. However, I will say that from an evangelical protestant perspective, the doctrine of two separate judgments does reconcile otherwise contradictory passages. Those eight rules are copied from the Apologetics Research page below: http://www.biblefacts.org/bible/salfaith.html However, of course, there are splits that are caused by a struggle for power. The Church of England comes to mind. (Quote from this article below:) Expanding a bit on the necessity of realizing our sinful nature to drive us to repentance, Ray Comfort says this in his Hell's best kept Secret teaching... (This is a paraphrase from memory, but it's close) These theoretical people you mentioned are guilty. Scripture here tells us that "he shall perish without law". They will perish because they have sinned, and ignored the conscience that God has placed in each and every one of us. They wouldn't consider Jesus to be the only way to Heaven, because to them, Heaven is a myth. 5 The rule of LOGIC: Interpretation is merely logical reasoning. When interpreting Scripture, the use of reason is everywhere to be assumed. Does the interpretation make sense? The Bible was given to us in the form of human language and therefore appeals to human reason - it invites investigation. It is to be interpreted as we would any other volume: applying the laws of language and grammatical analysis. As Bernard Ramm said: And one that clearly teaches everlasting life as part and parcel with resurrection: Burton expands a bit on those who do not obey the Law in full: It's not a denomination, but there are a number of people that would call themselves "Christian Atheist". Christian Atheism rejects the existence of God, but follows the moral teaching of Jesus. Any reasonable person would hear those words and think "there's no way I can be that good and perfect. I'm doomed". To those that hold this view, that's the necessary realization of one's sinful nature that's necessary to drive us to repentance. There are actually six definitions of Salvation in LDS theology, all defined here. (Click the "view more" link.) The split between denominations primarily appears to be differences in interpretation of the Bible. The book Handbook of Denominations in the United States does a fair and unbiased job of examining the differences. We can try to blame God all we want, and we can even try to blame the ancestors, but the simple fact remains that these people will be condemned because of their own sin. From the Catholic Encyclopedia: Chapter 3 continues to show that the Jew (and by extension everyone) is unable to attain salvation through the works of the Law and gets to verse 27: These verses show that God's standard is perfect, and that we fall short. This is perfectly in harmony with the idea of salvation by faith alone apart from works. God's Law can't save us. it can only show us ourselves in our true nature, so that we can see the need to be saved. This does, of course, exclude all of the fringe groups that hold non-orthodox beliefs, such as "christian atheists" and "universalists". 6 The rule of PRECEDENT: We must not violate the known usage of a word and invent another for which there is no precedent. Just as a judge's chief occupation is the study of previous cases, so must the interpreter use precedents in order to determine whether they really support an alleged doctrine. Consider the Bereans in Acts 17:10-12 who were called "noble" because they searched the Scriptures to determine if what Paul taught them was true. Because Adam and Eve ate the fruit, we,as their descendants, inherited the sin nature that they gained when they ate the fruit. Most of the Mosaic laws talked about consequences or punishment for sin, along with a few promises of reward for obedience. There's a much more complete explanation of this here. What shall we say then? Is the Law sin? May it never be! On the contrary, I would not have come to know sin except through the Law; for I would not have known about coveting if the Law had not said, "YOU SHALL NOT COVET." (Romans 7:7) However, these are prophetic or poetic works, not books of the Law. I'm not aware of any teachings on eternal life in the Pentateuch - this first five books, which are commonly referred to as the "books of the Law". Technically, those are "The Law of Moses" or "Mosaic Law", so it would seem that the answer to your question is "no" if you wish to be that precise, but there are Old Testament teachings/revelations/writings on it. You misunderstand the model. But it's a common misunderstanding. One that comes up often enough that there's a standard answer from Apologetics. Here is is in my words: Amulek the prophet explained this most clearly as he said of God: The true value of the sacrifice of Christ means much more than this general salvation which comes to all mankind. There is an additional salvation that God has planned for his children. This additional salvation is an individual salvation and is conditioned not only upon grace, but also upon obedience to gospel law. One of the prophets in the Book of Mormon explained why he and his associates were so concerned about teaching more about Jesus Christ, as he wrote: For whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all. I wonder how many people have been lulled into a false sense of security by such teaching. As a missionary knocking at the doors of people, I had literally hundreds of people tell me that they were not interested in learning more about Jesus Christ, for they were already saved. The shocking thing about this is that they were right. What that minister said was true, but the difficulty is that it was not the whole truth.