Bullpen specialization is a relatively new phenomenon. And there are a ton of factors that come into play, but I'm going to keep it simple here. 

In this case, the run is not scored because it does not reach the plate before the third out is recorded (as per the first sentence). Runs only count if they are plated before a tagged 3rd out (and never count on a forced 3rd out). That's a little confusing, but the long and short of it is that unless there is a force play, all the runners ahead of the player who is called out score. The force plays in a bases loaded situation are as follows: 

The Reds beat the Phillies 10-9 in regulation. Schneider was charged with 6 runs, all in the 9th failing to record an out. The reliever that followed him also failed to record and out. Fred Toney was finally able to come in and get the save. No play by play is available so the exact order of events is unknown. 

Low A ball - Often the first stop for a new professional ball player. This is where they get to cut their teeth and face other professionals for the first time. 

These are the plays that negate the entire home run if the force is a third out. Any other play will only negate the following runners if it's the third out. 

However, this kind of schedule takes a toll. Sanders eventually chose football, Jackson eventually chose baseball. While a player is on the disabled list, he is eligible to play minor league games for up to 20 days (30 days for pitchers) on a rehabilitation assignment, after which he either needs to be reinstated or a waiver process must be completed in order for him to continue playing his rehab stint. 

Scenario 3 is legal and practiced. I'd check out what the experts say, but for what it's worth, it worked for me. 

Are there any rules governing this? My accuracy increased dramatically with no loss of velocity Scenario 1 seems like it is obviously illegal, and should be. Though I'm curious about this in all sports, I'll limit my question to the scope of MLB for the moment. My question is what (if any) are the rules regarding electronic assistance in baseball games? 

Long term - I have a rotator cuff injury now (but it's from co-sleeping with my son, not sports related) - and I'm 38 and still play softball. 

The pain virtually stopped. I could pitch 3 innings easy (which is what I was pitching at the time) 

So with that as background; my question expanded is: 

All I wanted to do in the world was pitch, and my coaches were idiots, so they let me keep pitching even though I was in pain. This is anecdotal, so keep that in mind, but as a young pitcher, I threw out my shoulder (some undiagnosed rotator cuff issue probably) by throwing overhand. This is something that both Sanders and Jackson shared, both were very good at both sports to the extent that teams were willing to let them do both even though they had to sacrifice a roster spot to a player who would not be there 100% of the time. 

Oh it's far more complicated than that. 

These are the plays that negate the entire home run if the force is a third out. Any other play will only negate the following runners if it's the third out. Low A ball - Often the first stop for a new professional ball player. This is where they get to cut their teeth and face other professionals for the first time. 

Two reason this would not be a perfect game. 

While a player is on the disabled list, he is eligible to play minor league games for up to 20 days (30 days for pitchers) on a rehabilitation assignment, after which he either needs to be reinstated or a waiver process must be completed in order for him to continue playing his rehab stint. Scenario 3 is legal and practiced. This is anecdotal, so keep that in mind, but as a young pitcher, I threw out my shoulder (some undiagnosed rotator cuff issue probably) by throwing overhand. 

Scenario 1 seems like it is obviously illegal, and should be. All I wanted to do in the world was pitch, and my coaches were idiots, so they let me keep pitching even though I was in pain. Are there any rules governing this? 

Gradually I switched first to sidearm and then to full submarine. Two things happened: Though I'm curious about this in all sports, I'll limit my question to the scope of MLB for the moment. My question is what (if any) are the rules regarding electronic assistance in baseball games? 

Long term - I have a rotator cuff injury now (but it's from co-sleeping with my son, not sports related) - and I'm 38 and still play softball. Scenario 2 is no different than what pitchers do to prepare before games and perhaps between innings; but it allows for a much finer control on a pitch by pitch basis - and for some reason feels like it should be illegal.