From what Quran describes it seems that the Jews and Christian at the time of the prophet had access to the book (though according to Quran Injil and Torah has been altered to some extend). This is because Quran states that there are believers among people of the book that read the book the way it should be read (verse 3:113). This is also a weak argument to me. God can guide whomever he want however he wants. He doesn't need to follow what some people might think he should. 

The verse seems to talk about their situation in the after-life and part of their punishment. 

Some Muslims can add that Islam is the last religion to their arguments but in reality Jews claim exactly the same thing. They don't believe that there is going to be a new religion after Judaism. And in any case these all rely on some beliefs that are supposed to be secondary to the authenticity of these texts. From the context it seems that the verse can be about God giving a new and better set of laws to Mohammad (PBUH) particularly in comparison to Jews (whose claim is that the laws of Torah are forever and cannot change). After the canonization there hasn't been any major disputes about Quran. Copies of the canonized version were spread over the Islamic world and is preserved through multiple copies over a very large area of land. We are quite certain to have the canonized copy. So if we accept that the Quran is preserved well in the 12 years following the prophet's death during the time of the first 3 caliphs (632-644), then we can say that Quran is preserved well. 

In short, I haven't seen any philosophical or theological argument saying God preserves Quran which is not stated by Jews also. 

I understand that this is a valid interpretation among Christian scholars, though some may disagree with it: 

John 1:42 Jesus looked at him and said, “You are Simon son of John. You will be called Cephas” (which, when translated, is Peter[a]). 

Bani Najar replied that they did not know who had murdered Muqis's brother, but they said they would pay the blood money. Then they gave them one hundred camels and sent them back to Medinah. On the way back, Muqis murdered his (innocent) companion from the tribe of Bani Fahr, became a disbeliever and apostate and went to Mecca and used to recite poetry [ eulogizing his actions ] ... Tafsir Al Qurtubi narrates the following views present in Islamic tradition on the relation between Aaron and Mary: 

Jesus was called Isa ibn Maryam (Jesus son of Mary) because it was the tradition of his people (the semitic Jews) to add the parents name with their names. Jesus didn't have a father or a son, so his sole blood relation would be his mother, Mary. 

The Quran isn't a Textbook. The purpose of the Quran is to guide the spiritual and moral life of the people, not to provide technical documentation on the working of the world. Non-muslims who expect every single sentence of the Quran to be literal and scientifically accurate, even when taken out of context are being unreasonable ... muslims who expect that are misguided and delusional. 

Mujahid has narrated in his Tafsir that only their hearts were transformed and their intellect was made like that of monkeys. As far as I know this hasn't been said by any other Muffassir. And Allah knows best. 

Abrogation is when one revealed command is replaced by another, so the first one is no longer acted upon (it was meant for a specific period to address a certain issue) and the second one is to be acted upon. 

A group of the Bani Israel who transgressed the prohibitions of the Sabbath were punished by transformation into apes and pigs [for three days, after which they died]. 

Whether it was "accepted" by the majority or how much of it was approved by the Prophet and how much is due to scribal lapses is unknowable without further finds. 

Is it likely that the sana'a manuscript was an accepted reading of the Quran? Quran 3:37 So her Lord accepted her with good acceptance and caused her to grow in a good manner and put her in the care of Zechariah. Every time Zechariah entered upon her in the prayer chamber, he found with her provision. He said, "O Mary, from where is this [coming] to you?" She said, "It is from Allah . Indeed, Allah provides for whom He wills without account." 

Mary remained in the Temple until her twelfth year, at which point she was assigned to Joseph as guardian. According to Coptic tradition, her father Joachim died when Mary was six years old and her mother when Mary was eight. While the story is a legend with no foundation in history, the point is to show that even in her childhood Mary was completely dedicated to God. It is from this account that arose the feast of Mary's Presentation.