Why are there so many Bible translations? Because, the original languages of the Bible are very old and no one speaks them anymore. The Old Testament Hebrew and the New Testament Greek are no longer spoken today. Scholars are still trying their best to produce the original meaning but there is always debates and different opinions on how to translate it correctly. Which came first, Qur'an or Bible? Bible Jesus started explaining to the people what the Kingdom of God is. He used metaphors like the sower, mustard seed, hidden treasure, weeds, yeast and fishing net (see Matthew 13). But until it was established from the day of Pentecost, which was the beginning of the Church era, it was not fully understood. Therefore, this Church era is the first establishment of Kingdom of God and it's dominion is in the hearts of mankind. Method of communication from God in Bible: There are many countless ways on how God communicated with the authors of the Bible. Some saw a vision. Moses was speaking with God like a friend. Paul saw a great light and met with Jesus. There are many examples. Do we have the original scroll written by John? NO! No original documents of the books of the Bible are available today. Only copies from the original documents are existing today. I think that Jesus said NOT to do that: Only the Book of Revelation mentions that. Did God(Allah) write the Qur'an with His finger? NO Ephesians 1:4 (NIV) For he chose us in him before the creation of the world to be holy and blameless in his sight. In love Method of communication from God in Islam: Muhammad was the only person responsible for the origin of Qur'an. He claimed to receive the last and final message from God through angel Gabriel. The communication usually took place in the Cave of Hira. Muhammad was always alone in that cave. Who knows what he was doing! Probably thinking about what will be the contents for the next chapter for his composed book and revising the words that he has to say to his 50-60 companions. God has the Biggest plan for eternity. 1. At the First coming of Jesus Christ When Jesus came to earth as a humble man to suffer and die for us, He's goal was to bring down the Kingdom of God, which was also His role as the promised Messiah. But at His first coming, the Kingdom of God was not to be established physically on earth, which was the expectation of the Jews. Jesus came to establish the Kingdom of God in the hearts of men. Jesus was preparing the people for the coming kingdom, which was to be established soon after He finished His work on the cross. John the Baptist was proclaiming that the Kingdom of God was near. Augustinian view: Matthew written first; with Mark using Matthew, and Luke using Matthew and Mark Q source Matthew and Mark used a now lost source called "Q". Luke used both Matthew and Mark Markan priority Mark was written first, with Matthew using both Mark and an unknown source Four-source Mark and three unknown sources were written first, which the other gospels drew on. It's worth pointing out that the interdependency has never been seen as in any way invalidating the gospels as sources. Any thorough modern biographer would also make use of other documents about their subject, and the parallel passages can be seen as evidence of the thoroughness and accuracy of the gospel writers. it's worth noting that all the gospels also contain some material found in no other gospel. Clearly none of the gospels was composed simply by copying other gospels. The wording differences are great enough to rule that out. Nor does it rule out the idea that the writers were eyewitnesses of at least some of the events themselves.