But this report from sueddeutsche.de (a major daily in Germany) presents this as news and suggests that unnamed diplomatic sources previously told the newspaper that this was not on the table and that Germany wanted Hungary to stick to the Dublin system. 

Legally, the theory is that somebody trying to cross the border illegally (or simply presenting him or herself at the border and being denied entry) is supposed to be detained and then removed to any country that might take them (including either the country they are coming from or the country of their citizenship). That's happening at airports every day. 

The EU is basically pushing for any plan to distribute refugees between member states (and not specifically targeting this or that country) for multiple reasons: 

To fix the Dublin system. It was supposed to insulate northern and western member states from an influx of asylum seekers, thus allowing them to lift border checks without completely giving up control on who comes in the country or not. It was put under great strain when people started crossing the Mediterranean following the destablisation of Libya and completely fell apart in 2015-2016. 

Now, if we mean a common second language, basically everybody achieving some proficiency in English, that's not without its problems but it's already what the EU is doing in practice. When you're talking about everybody having a “second language” and even with some lip service to diversity and some efforts to promote other languages, in the current cultural context that can only mean making sure everybody knows some English. That's the policy when it comes to the population in general. 

What is more controversial is the idea of a “common language”. If we mean a common first language, i.e. every country in Europe switching to English, French or, why not, a constructed language, that would be wildly unrealistic and incredibly oppressive. 

The main reason is that the European Union (and before that the European Communities) was intended by its architects to bring about ever tighter integration, possibly all the way to a federal state. Seemingly technical measures like the customs union and common market were not only or mainly intended at boosting economic output but at fostering understanding between people “from below”. 

(a) are workers or self-employed persons in the host Member State; or 

(Therein incidentally lies the strongest case against the EU: Its institutions are ultimately controlled by broadly democratic governments but, even with the EU parliament in the mix, the process is removed from the voters through several layers of decision-making – the UK parliament elects a government whose prime minister seats in a council which names a commission which prepares legislation with another council made of governments' representatives… – and once something is decided, it's very difficult to roll back, which is not ideal for a democracy. There is no one election that could prompt a change of direction.) 

To the extent that the scale of current states is really a problem, changing that would first require creating some entirely new regions that would bear no relationship to current cultural, historical or political entities (a bit like the French départements during the revolution). There are no pre-existing regions ready to assume the current functions of the state and to be integrated at the European level. 

One reason is that it's an illusion, completely unrealistic and beside the point. It would not solve any of the current difficulties of European integration (which are ultimately rooted in a lack of common political space, wide differences in economic structures, institutional and legal differences…) and it would first require a complete revamping of the current structures, but for what purpose? 

And Jacques Delors, who was actually very enthusiastic about the process, famously said that “Europe is like a bicycle. It has to move forward. If it stops, it will fall over.” So the Euro is perhaps the most visible and the most consequential – in a negative sense – of these but it's part of a series of initiatives to deepen the EU that were widely seen as necessary, not in a narrow technical sense, but for the sake of the European project itself. 

But to understand the background, you have to understand that the distinction between legal and illegal immigration isn't particularly useful to understand what's going on, especially when it comes to refugees/asylum seekers. 

So even if Germany would actually welcome those people (and I am not entirely convinced that that's the case, who knows what communication actually goes on behind the scenes), the Hungarian authorities cannot really do anything with the train without say-so from Austria. 

There are several factors to consider but first, it's not really true that Hungary “let them in” in the first place. It's difficult to get precise info on this but as far as I know many of the people you hear about in the news actually crossed the border illegally (refugees cannot be punished for this, incidentally). However, others possibly presented themselves to the border to lodge an application then and there (which everybody is entitled to do under EU law).