As a counter-argument to that another letter from Hamann to Herder should be considered that deals with the Garve-review as well (from Dec 9th, 1783): Analytic and synthetic judgements His definition is rather straight and it seems as if you correctly applied it: analytic essentially means 'already thought within the concept itself': Regarding the metaphor I think the reason why Kant is using this picture here is that Jewels are, or at least have been for commoners, the closest to what he calls absolute worth. The setting, e.g. in a ring, crown or necklace, does not really increase its worth, it just makes it more handy. People knowing the worth of Jewels know this and only look at the Jewel itself in order to determine the worth, but others will only consider the worth of the piece of jewelry as a whole, as they would not be able to admire the jewel as such as it would be quite useless in their eyes without the setting. He has established that the (absolutely) good will has to be necessary and unconditioned before (the first seven paragraphs). He has established per proposition two that we are speaking of a principle of the will, i.e. a general concept. His definition of a law is a proposition that is both necessary and general (see 4:418-20). Therefore, a good will has to have a principle that is a law. Other than saying that "the schema in itself is always only a product of the imagination", it doesn't appear it goes into much more depth than that. I think the paragraph in The Critique of Pure Reason just before the one you listed is most crucial for comprehending the concept of schema: The question which thus arises is how the two are connected; there has to be some way to connect the concept of pure understanding with sensible intuitions. For example, when we look at plate, how is the pure concept of a circle related to the circularness of the plate? If pure concepts never interact with sensible intuitions, what causes us to make that judgment (that the plate is circular)? Establish what your maxim is, and then re-investigate your argument. I'm having difficulty conceiving of an example of a potato-based maxim that would violate Kant's principle. See "Existence" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existence , although you will probably find more thorough literature on it under the arguments against the Ontological argument for the existence of God. For example: http://www.existence-of-god.com/ontological-objections.html (section labelled "Kant’s Objection to the Ontological Argument: Existence is not a Predicate") http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ontological_argument#Kant:_existence_is_not_a_predicate The only requirement that a rational agent conform to the Categorical Imperative comes from the fact that an autonomous will adhering to it would be considered rational, and an autonomous will violating it would be considered irrational. Since a will that chooses rationality over irrationality is a moral good, we ought to conform to the CI. Moral Good For Kant, "moral good" would be an autonomous will that chooses rationality over irrationality. The Categorical Imperative for Kant is purely the end result of an autonomous will acting with the utmost rationality. Since we can never think outside of our own minds, anything we ever think or perceive will inherently be subjective. "Objectivity" is and has only ever been just a form of collective subjectivity. The "way things truly are" may very well be vastly different than our human minds and senses can possibly perceive or comprehend. You should note, however, that Kant did think we could discern some objective truths about the nature of the universe, but only a very limited few (the Pure Categories of understanding, the reality of space/time/causation, etc). He is often seen as a bridge between rationalism and empiricism in this regard. Kant's Moral Philosophy at SEP covers this topic pretty well; check it out for further reading. I'm not overly fond of Wikipedia's coverage but it's a good supplementary read. That is the whole point of the Metaphisical Foundations of Natural Science and why this book is so important for completing Kant's transcendental theoretical philosophy of the CPR, which lacks a schematism of space and therefore all external being (world, things). One should keep in mind that voting by secret ballot in independent election was not exactly standard back then. Maliks (see below) quotes Allen Rosen writing: Considering all this together, you will therefore necessarily end up with something like "your maxims should have the form of a law, i.e. be universalisable as a universal law". The exact formulations may differ, but this is the essential proposition that will constitute an imperative as categorical. And this is why for him, there can only be ONE categorical imperative, although there certainly can be loads of different formulations. One thing to pay attention to here: He speaks of 'objective principle', not 'law'. Otherwise hypothetical imperatives could not be imperatives. But they in fact are objective in the sense that given the situation and the end, they have objective validity, i.e. you really ought to do this objectively in these situations if you want to achieve this. How is respect (for the moral law) destinguished from both of them? That is sublime which pleases immediately through its resistance to the interest of the senses. I suggest reading Eckart Förster's The 25 Years of Philosophy for a quite good presentation of the overarching argument. The comment of @MauroAllegranza provides good further readings on that topic. Having both parts together now, we can analyze what this is all about: It is about requirements counting as a citizen. The main condition is according to him being sui iuris, i.e. independent or one's own master qua property. A general advice regarding an approach to this book Understanding the book without having looked into the rest of the system seems hopeless to me. But I do not know about the manuscripts. voraus could be translated to beforehand or in advance. Combining the aspects, we already know that if there is a free will and therefore morality, it has to act according to a law that is independent of the laws of nature. His argument has five steps on the way to objectivity (why moral principles have to be ojective for Kant is a different question):