The links must connect. With inner and outer you must have an equal number of inner and outer. The total must be even. 

Some front derailleur have a trim for big to big. This make sense to me as you may come to a stop but will get back up to speed soon. And now you have maximum teeth evolved. I don't know if trims comes in a 3 speed and it would make less sense as the outer is out further. Even with a trim cross chaining puts more stress on the chain and other components and is not as efficient. If you continue to ride on a worn chain the problem is that you wear cassette and chain ring faster. 

The harder gears have two things going against them. Less points of contact to share the load. Less points of contact so they tend to be worn the most. 

The length between chain lengths needs to match. So the old chain matched up to the old ring. The new chain does not match up with the old chain ring. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wax 

If you are in 4th 99% of the time it might start in 4th just because it is the most worn. 

It looks like you lube the chain which is a good thing. But you need to clean the chain every few lubes also. In just 11 months the spring in the derailleur could have weakened. Sounds to me like the chain is jumping on cassette You can use a 1/2 link connector to get an odd number of links. 1/2 link is used by the wider SS and fixie where you may need a more exact length. I don't think it is used in the narrow chains designed for derailleur. That is a picture of the chain ring not the cassette. That would be a single speed chain as it is internal gears. There are a lot of opinions on cross chaining. I agree with this cross chaining. I almost never to small to small but I will go big to big a lot as on the flats I only need it for a few strokes accelerating from a stop. The small gears on the cassette tend to wear out first so I like to use the big gears when I can. 

SS comes in 1/8 and 3/32. I would contend a SS 3/32 of the same basic construction is stronger than a 3/32 7 speed because it does not need to be built to flex and it is not flexed. 

I am not finding any pictures of 3/32 SS chains and the chain on my SS bike is 1/8. So I guess it is not really a straight comparison. But a SS will take a 1/8 and geared will not so it is a fair comparison. 

Kerosene is not a good choice as a solvent as it is flammable. It is also possible (likely) that is not the original derailleur and does not have the capacity. In the middle small picture the derailleur is close to maxed out the other diction. I agree with the answer from jimirings and don't want to start a cross chain debate. Single-speed conversion is not that difficult. Nashbar has a single-speed conversion kit with spacers, three cogs, and tensioner with shipping is like $30. I have seen the cogs in sizes 14T, 15T, and 17T and sizes 16T, 18T, and 20T. Yes you can pay more for higher quality but I have one and it works. Most single speed cogs are 3/32 and I have seen 1/8 (White). Your front chainring looks OK so I would not replace it. When you do replace the front chainring then go single-speed. At then you could go 3/32 or 1/8. If 1/8 then need to go 1/8 chain. 1/8 is more metal and longer life. 3/32 or 1/8 there are single speed specific chains - they are cheap just get one when you order you kit. I run 3/32 cogs with 1/8 chain and chainring - I don't think they have to match. You should replace your chain when you replace the chainring. Not a given your bike would even take an eccentric hub and they are more expensive. Also, If you're buying a 3/32" chain, you'll probably find that as a 6/7/8 speed chain at most bike shops. You probably don't want to try to use a 9 or 10 speed chain on a single speed bike. 1/8" chains are used exclusively for single speed setups. I can't really debate whether your drivetrain will have less wear. However, the symptoms of wear are much less pronounced on a single speed drivetrain (assuming you are not using a tensioner). You're just not going to get the same chain skipping / jumping issues you would on a derailleur system. The same thing is applicable to internally geared hubs. 

Keep in mind, If either the rear cog or front chainring is larger than the other in width, you need a larger 1/8" chain (which really won't run poorly on a smaller chainring, but a smaller 3/32" chain just won't fit on a 1/8" cog or chainring). Get a pair of calipers and measure the width of both the chainring and the cog. If the width is much larger than 3/32" then use 1/8". 

Everything there looks like it should work together all right. If you are replacing the drive train components here, you may want to get new cabling for the shifters as well. 

Any 6/7/8 speed chain should be fine on this setup. The cassettes also seem equivalent. 

If you don't have calipers, but have a piece of 1/8" chain, then put the chain on the cog and the chainring and see if there is a large visible gap between the plates of the chain and the teeth, if so then can probably use a 3/32" chain, if it's pretty snug you probably need a 1/8" chain.  If you have a 3/32" chain instead, then put it on both cog and chainring, if the teeth fit through the holes in the chain and the chain rests evenly on the cogs, you're probably fine with a 3/32" chain, if it sits unevenly at all, you probably need 1/8". It's still important to check your chain for wear and replace as needed. Keep in mind, a worn chain is going to keep wearing down your drivetrain. However, it's not going to really suffer much in terms of performance degradation until everything is really worn.