You can check that those accord with the notion of thought as articulation because on recourse to reflection, you can articulate them to yourself. But, to me, this makes clear that the articulation is not a necessary part of the thought. So the notion of 'by the time you have thought it' is not a meaningful thing, and not a problem for presentism to address. 

2) A convention is not its domain. Set Theory is a model of human intuitions about containment, it is not a true description of how all language must be done. The fact that there are multiple versions of it, alone, prevent it from really being definitive in any argument about God. 

It is tempting to point out the experience of using language to capture logic. We can try to identify reason with verbally-processed motivation. But we see at the same time how verbal processing can be used to whip someone up into a frenzy or impart dread. So this is not a useful contrast, either, just a trend. 

This is just a compact version of Zeno's paradox. Instead of time and space, what you are dividing against one another are two spaces. The corner has zero probability of ending up anywhere, the same way that the point where Achilles overtakes the tortoise has zero breadth. 

It is a form of "post hoc ergo propter hoc". The benefit was a result, so (pursuit of) it must have been the cause. 

Like your example of algebra, where there is no universally best choice between Module Theory and K-Theory or between Fields and Groups, logic as a whole is driven by deployment. There can be generalizations that combine or classify logics, as we see links like Galois Theory, etc. where algebras merge or apply to one another. And following those down, it is not hard to see that there could be a single underlying structure that unifies the whole. 

From the viewpoint of someone like Descartes, contradictions do not controvert omniscience. Instead, the fact that we cannot handle this apparent contradiction merely demonstrates the limitations imposed on our thinking by our nature as temporal, human animals -- including the very notion of contradiction. Applying this notion to mathematics (though through a Kantian lens) Brouwer decided negation is probably an aspect only of temporal thought, based entirely on our notion of before and after in time, and that we should not trust it completely: we should either limit it to finite cases or retain its temporal character. 

Source: p 287, Sweet Reason: A Field Guide to Modern Logic (2010 2 ed) by Henle, Garfield, Tymoczko. 

In the 2 Logic textbooks read (the above and Hurley's), from the given premises, no exercise will ask you to determine the conclusion yourself; instead the textbook divulges the conclusion and then asks you to deduce it. But this is irrealistic; real life, one must determine conclusions oneself. 

The principle that intension determines extension, whereas the converse is not true, underlies the fact that 

Source: pp 152-153, A Concise Introduction to Logic (12 Ed, 2014) by Patrick J. Hurley 

Source: A Concise Introduction to Logic (12 Ed, 2014) by Patrick J. Hurley 

The function of a precising definition is to clarify a vague word, and vagueness is a problem affecting intensional meaning. Because the intension is imprecise, the extension is indefinite. To attempt to render the intension precise by exactly specifying the extension (as with an extensional definition) would be tantamount to 

I already understand and so ask not about the quote above. 1. How can a FP still constitute a SIA? 

So without computers, from given premises (that may be long and convoluted), how can you conjecture, before deducing, the conclusion yourself? One must at least conjecture a conclusion before attempting any deduction or (dis)proof. 

I do not understand the grey above, but do understand all else. 

[4.] Why can only IND determine END? Eg: an IND for a cat may not resolve unclear and vague cases; eg, some strange felid hybrid may match all your attributes, but may still not be a cat. 

The above does not appear fallacious, and instead appears to lack only a Suppressed Premise, which (when revealed) would validate the argument. What have I neglected? 

Decidability is linked to the second meaning of completeness. 

Particularly relevant are the comments Gödel gave one of the prestigious Gibbs Lectures at the American Mathematical Society in 1951. 

But in this way, we cannot conclude nothing about the "relative position" of margarine and cheese. 

Unfortunately, the semantics leaves the most interesting — and difficult — philosophical questions largely unanswered [emphasis added]. 

From the fact that clouds are the cause of rain we have: 

See Christine Ladd-Franklin, “On the Algebra of Logic”, in Charles Sanders Peirce (editor), Studies in Logic (1883), page 17-on; see pages 61-62. 

But not all valid formulae of predicate logic are "substitution instances" of tautology; the formula ∀x(x=x) is valid but we can get it by uniform substitution only from the propositional logic formula P, that is not a tautology. 

Wiki's entry deduces it from Disjunctive syllogism: 

But the theory T is incomplete (according to Gödel's incompleteness theorem), i.e. there is a true arithmetical sentence φ not provable from the axioms of T. 

NO, completeness of first-order logic does not imply decidability. 

It is enough to consider a truth assignment v such that: 

Assuming that the system F is sound with respect to truth in the structure of the natural numbers (called N), we have that :