All types of insurance are Haram (prohibited). They involve Jahalah (sale with lack of knowledge), Gharar (fraudulent transaction where details about the sold item are unknown or uncertain) - both of them are not pardoned - gambling, unjustly taking people's money, and Riba (usury/interest). There are many legal proofs that all these transactions are forbidden. Allah (Exalted be He) says: 

Narrated by al-Tirmidhi (2664). He said: It is hasan ghareeb with this isnaad. It was classed as hasan by al-Albaani in al-Silsilah al-Saheehah (2870) 

Moreover, the Prophet (peace be upon him) forbade Gharar sale [Muslim, Book on transactions, No. 1513]. 

Shaykh ‘Abd-Allaah ibn Jibreen was asked what if the commercial insurance is compulsory and cannot be avoided. 

In Islam (Sunni Point of view), eating the meat of Ahl Al-Kitaab (Jews and Christians) is permissible (Halal). However, whoever leaves it out of piety, there is no blame upon him. This is a fiqh question and what I am posting is the opinion of Imaam Ibn Uthaymeen (May Allah have mercy on him). However, it is incorrect to apply a general ruling such as "One must never tell such stories, nor believe in them," as there is no way of knowing that the stories themselves are not true. I know of no evidences to outright forbid such, especially if the following points are considered: It's always nice to know that there were no pig carcasses involved in the production of your water, but I would call the certification overkill in this case. 

An extra consideration when using a hunting animal is that even if you say bismillah before releasing him, you may only eat of the prey if the animal hasn't eaten of it. This is based on a different hadith which states "if the dog eats of (that game) then do not eat it because the dog has hunted it for itself" rather than hunting it for you. I had written an answer to a similar question on another site, which I am copying (with slight modification) below: Of note, if the water is not actually pure bottled water, but rather some brand of flavoured/enriched water, there is an increased chance that the additives themselves are haram. Given that a number of common additives are of animal origin, the certification makes more sense in such cases. 

The basic rulings of dhabihah would still need to be adhered to, particularly (but not limited to) that the animal does not die by bludgeoning or strangling, and the blood would still need to be removed. Ergo, your weapon should be one which kills by piercing or cutting the animal (which would cause blood to flow); even if you say bismillah over a bludgeoning weapon before striking, any animal that dies therefrom would not be halal. It is narrated from the prophet that, How unbelievable and fantastical it may appear is irrelevant. Belief in al-Ghaib includes believing in things that are otherwise unexplainable by science or observation. After narrating the story of Companions of the Cave in the Qur'an, God rebukes those who attempt to guess at al-Ghaib. Arguing about the details about any such story, including details such as whether it's authentic or fabricated, is futile unless clear evidence is available. 

Narrated by al-Tirmidhi (2664). He said: It is hasan ghareeb with this isnaad. It was classed as hasan by al-Albaani in al-Silsilah al-Saheehah (2870) Al-Gharar is something that involves uncertainty, risk or speculation. 

Note: This is only for commercial insurance We find in Saheeh Al-Bukhari: “It is related by Aisha (radhi Allaahu anha) that a group of people said to the Prophet (sallallaahu ’alayhi wa sallam) ‘Some people came to us with some meat about which we didn’t know whether the name of Allah was mentioned over or not’ and he replied (sallallaahu ’alayhi wa sallam) Sammoo [Say the name of Allah] over it yourselves and then eat. She [Aisha - radhi Allaahu anha] said that these people had just recently been from the Kuffaar [i.e. just became Muslim and the question was not asked as to the method of slaughter]. 

In Islam (Sunni Point of view), eating the meat of Ahl Al-Kitaab (Jews and Christians) is permissible (Halal). However, whoever leaves it out of piety, there is no blame upon him. 

More: Elaborate rulings on Insurance As far as the methodology of the slaughtering we do not inquire about the method because if an action has occurred min ahlihi [at the hands of those suited to perform such an act] the conditions surrounding that act are not asked about. 

Allah also says in the same chapter: “Today I have made permissible for you that which is good and wholesome and the food of those who were sent the Scripture is permissible to you and your food is permissible to them.” 

we can not extend some rules without having evidence. each case should be studied separately with qualified scholars. 

about prayers in space I found this Istifta: 

Firstly please note Haram and Najis are two different Islamic terms. 

The leather of the sofa at my friend’s home has some foreign characters printed on it; it has been imported from foreign countries, is this leather najis? Or since I suffer from waswasah, do you think this doubt of mine is just a result of that? 

according to Jafari Fiqh if it is only Marriage proposal and does not contain other sin it is allowed. but Marriage proposal through parents of girl are recommended and direct Marriage proposal to girl is highly discouraged. If the leather is certainly made from an animal that is not slaughtered by Islamic method then it is Najis. but if there is only a doubt that if it is slaughtered in Islamic method or not then it can be considered pure.