This was debated at the 14th Communist Party Congress in 1925 during which Zinoviev and Sokolnikov proposed a more gradual development of Soviet industry, focusing on "light industry" and presumably a greater focus on consumer goods. Stalin however accused Zinoviev of being an imperialist agent bent on promoting the Dawes Plan and duly carried the day since he already had the party machine behind him. To me this indicates that (A) Churchill's shamefully cavalier attitude to the famine in Bengal sprung not from a special animus towards the Indians, but rather from his dogged pursuit of a single objective (VE) on the one hand and from his slapdash working habits on the other. (B) His "tirades" on the subject were not really the same thing as actual British policy and must be read more as rhetorical exercises. Apparently, Generalplan Ost was based on the ideas raised by Himmler in his memorandum. There is another perspective on this, which is suggested by the historian Mark Solonin in a speculative 2009 article. The article is a long, wide-ranging and detailed one so I'll summarize the major points of his arguments, as I understand them. The wording is mine and so is the presentation: Parents, who from the beginning want to give their children better schooling in the elementary school as well as later on in a higher school, must take an application to the Higher SS and Police Leaders. [...] Though if I understand correctly, what we have is not the memorandum (said to be 6 pages long) itself, but rather Himmler's own summary of it and his further notes to self on dissemination. Okay, based on some more reading, the answer to the question "was Blaskowitz indicted just for being a senior German general?" seems to be "yes, but that was not necessarily wrong". However, the pages where he discusses the 8th Route army and the Communist resistance to the Japanese in general (pp. 88-96) are actually not as well-documented as the rest of the book. Here is an excerpt from the original indictment, which belabours this point in detail: All this, of course, should not obscure two simple points: The answers @bhau and @coleopterist gave are good and marshal a lot of important evidence, but there are complementary points of view someone ought to mention - so I guess it falls to me to do this. Authenticity The memorandum, titled "Reflection on the Treatment of Peoples of Alien Races in the East", is certainly genuine. There is a full English translation available on a number of websites. E.g. here. The blog also claims that a Selza warehouse was taken by the Soviet troops in Berlin with 17,000 watches. Perhaps the watches in the picture were from there. (I was not able to find independent corroboration for the Selza claim).