According to the bible, probably not, but absence of proof is not proof of absence. A few important things to note: Job has been presented as a great example and an even more vivid example is David, a man God described as being after his own heart. A huge number of the Psalms of David consist of his weariness, frustration, and anger--these are known as the Imprecatory Psalms. There's debate as to whether we should pray for the destruction of our enemies as David did since Jesus says to love our enemies and pray for those that persecute us, but it's undeniable that the imprecatory psalms are soaked with anger. Read Psalm 4 above again and tell me that isn't a psalm of frustration. Yes she can You're probably getting tripped up by this passage: I'm guessing when you say heaven, you don't mean the heavens, as in sky and space. You're talking about eternity-with-God heaven. Where-believers-go-after-their-body-dies heaven. So does scripture say that one can visit this eternal-heaven, peruse around awhile, have some tea, then come back to earth? 

Luke 15:8-10 ESV Or suppose a woman has ten silver coins and loses one. Doesn’t she light a lamp, sweep the house and search carefully until she finds it? And when she finds it, she calls her friends and neighbours together and says, “Rejoice with me; I have found my lost coin.” In the same way, I tell you, there is rejoicing in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner who repents. However there is much more to the book of Philemon than that. Paul makes a great deal of pointing out to Philemon the new relationship between him and Onesimus: as you put it, there being in Christ "no difference between human master and human slave". He strongly hints without ever expressly commanding it, that Philemon should free Onesimus because of this. He hints rather than commands because he realizes that Philemon is fully entitled to keep and punish Onesimus, and he wants Philemon to not do this of his own free will, not because he has been told to. 

A good article about the nature and structure of the Church according to Catholic doctrine can be found here. In short the Catholic view is: 

There are others of course. Each side has good arguments why their favorite verses are definitive, and the others are a matter of context. 

On the side of not permitting women pastors, the main passage is 1 Timothy 2:12-14: 

We will never of course be sure that Philemon followed through with this, but I personally like to think so. 

The basis for this position is given on the page referenced above: Let me state the views of those who believe baptism is not necessary for salvation. (It's not just Protestants by the way - Catholics teach that actual physical baptism is not absolutely necessary for salvation. There are several circumstances where substitutes for it are acceptable). This is the foundation of the high level authoritative office of prophet and the function in it, representing God’s will, currently and sometimes in the future. We are now is apposition to see the meaning of 666 in its wider sense. The Roman Empire was a beast, the first beast that came out of the sea (Rev 13:1). The second beast that came from the earth was the religion of Rome in its emperor worship, having ‘all the authority of the first beast ‘ and made ‘the earth and its inhabitants worship the first beast’(Rev 13:12). By enforcing idolatry among the various professional guilds and trades in the empire it became more and more impossible for Christians to earn a living without worship the beast. They must be prepared to be martyred according to the prophecy. This formal office of prophet ended with John, as the whole purpose of the position was to predict Christ: Rom. 13:11–12; 1 Cor. 1:8; 2 Cor. 1:14; Phil. 1:6, 10; 2:16; 1 Thess. 5:2; 2 Thess. 2:2; Heb 10:25