Being a linguist, I agree with all of them except for #5 (which is untrue). Written language is a late-developing technological development -- through most of its evolution, language has been spoken only (or sung). I don't know what effect there is on the root of the tongue for an "r", but I'd expect the root to be advanced (rather than retracted, as you report), since "r" has some affinity with palatals, and they cause enlargement of the pharynx. The reason for phonologists' usage is, I guess, partly to be consistent with The Sound Pattern of English, and partly because it is often convenient in formulating rules or sound changes to have a way of specifying this class of sounds which interrupt airflow through the mouth, i.e. stops. So, if it should happen that the next big linguistic theory gives a central place to punctuation, linguists will have to change their minds and concede to writing a less peripheral place in the analysis of human language. 

The term "phonotactics" comes from older taxonomic phonemics, and is generally used to refer to an enumeration of facts about the phonemic forms allowed in a language, without involving anything about the rest of the phonological system or how borrowing new forms into a language works. Generative phonology and Natural Phonology are in agreement that although linguists can invent "phonotactic rules", of course, there are no such rules in phonological systems. 

In phonology, "stop" is ordinarily taken to mean non-continuant, where a continuant is a sound allowing continuous flow of air through the mouth. This makes the nasal consonants m/n/ŋ stops, because airflow through the mouth is stopped, though outside phonology, these common nasal consonants are frequently not considered stops and are called continuants. 

In English, many words have no affixes, in which case there is no point in distinguishing word from stem or stem from root. 

Approaching the matter as a phonologist, I could ask what assimilations does "r" participate in. When "r" follows "t" or "d" in NA English, it becomes an r-colored palato-alveolar fricative, as in "treat" or "dream". In Hawaiian English, "r" causes preceding "s" to become palato-alveolar "sh", as in "street". This suggests that "r" is palato-alveolar, which I take to be, essentially, alveolar, but with the blade of the tongue raised and the tip of the tongue lowered. A root is the form to which derivational affixes are added to form a stem. (Sometimes stems are formed by derivational processes other than affixation.) A stem is the form to which inflectional affixes are added to form a word. "Admissibility", according to Halle in "Phonology in Generative Grammar". Stampe has also used this term to refer to a theory of what words are permitted in the lexicon of a language with a given phonological system. Halle's early theory was that forms are lexically admissible when their addition keeps the grammar as simple as possible by not forcing the repeal of any lexical redundancy rules. 

Derivation, at least for English suffixes, is conditioned by part of speech, while inflection is conditioned by syntactic environment. In the meantime, if you look at the theories of human language currently under discussion, you'll see that there is no appeal to writing at all. So far, there is no support for writing playing any essential role in human language. In SPE, there is proposed a way to measure distance from the lexicon of a potential new lexical entry by counting the symbols in the phonological rules that would be required to change the new entry into some preexisting lexical form. (I don't think this makes sense, because then the admissible forms, at distance zero, would be only those forms already in the lexicon.)