Interestingly, one might suppose, that cultural products like the X-files are popular expressions of being led 'in ignorance' by inscrutable forces. 

Thales, is the philosopher one conventionally points to when one marks the point of separation of logos & mythos in Greek Philosophy. He would not have been the only one, and probably not even the earliest one; but he is the earliest one for which we have testimony of. 

And so noting that the act of translation takes time, and that translation adds, subtracts and multiplies; that translation requires a translator - and not all translators are born or created alike - and thus again, to shone and polish a text takes time 

And the earth was without form, and void; 

But he doesn't demolish metaphysics completely - he is providing a critique and a coherent grounding: 

Notwithstanding their rather primitive outlook, these three propositions, which make up the core of Anaximander’s astronomy, meant a tremendous jump forward and constitute the origin of our Western concept of the universe. 

and darkness was upon the face of the deep. 

Interestingly enough, toposes, when seen as generalised set theories, have as their internal logic as intuitionistic logic. They also have a dimension, so higher toposes, and in fact infinite dimensional toposes have as their logic Martin-Lof dependent type theory - which ties it into ideas of computation. Further, a particular flavour of it, intensional Martin-Lof, can be interpreted as homotopy type theory, which then introduces geometry (aka homotopy) into type theory. 

But, this on the face of it, seems merely a speculation of my own. Ungrounded in any texts. How then should one theorise extension? What did Spinoza mean by it? How have other philosophers used it? 

Romanos rationale for America as a Philosophical People is very reminescent of enlightment values, and possibly only those dressed up in fashionably modern garb. In which case one should ask, taking the French Revolution as a nominal index for that point of departure in thought, one should ask has the Western World become a more Philosophical World since 1789? By what means and measure can one begin to answer this question? Has the new philosophy of the few only become the new dogma of the many? One rather has the impression rather that the philosophy as an end-in-itself is looked on as an eccentric habit, cultivated by a few, and whilst respectable, of no serious import. 

This to me, makes it very plausible, despite the large secondary literature which says otherwise, that Gauss was directly influenced by Kant in guiding his attention to discovering a consistent non-Euclidean geometry by opening the possibility that there could possibly be one. 

One interesting aspect of Kants cultural influence is Asimovs three laws of robotics, and his zeroth law - by which he investigates various ethical dilemmas that the introduction of robots have in human society; these are I would suggest direct or indirectly influenced by the various formulas of Kants categorical imperative.