The kids of my GF, 14 and 11 respectively, have that annoying tendancy to nag at each other when night time is coming. Teen girl likes to pout and teenage boy thinks himself as some kind of prima donna that like to be respected. TG: Oh this is the rabbit I draw (she goes to the screen and point that out to us) I'm bit at loss between strict authoritarian rule and too much laissez faire. I know the limit is between the two but I could not find my balance yet. I know that their mum should be doing the discpline but she has more of a friend's attitude toward them and sometimes just sometimes, she has a all or nothing attitude, yell or unconditional love. My aim is to get minimal peace of mind when I'm arriving at home, but if I want that minimal peace of mind, I have to intervene (or I think I do). One of my belief is I should intervene only if their behaviour are going out of hands and that they should find a way to deal with their issues or simply to be able to behave properly, despite the tiredness/emotional upheaval. If the therapist thinks a substance-abuse program might help, then send him to one. That's one option. That option will probably be covered by insurance as well. Discuss what his options are if he doesn't clean up his act: he can rent a flat with some friends, he can try to see if any of his friends or relatives will take him in, he can panhandle for the money, he can work for you for (minimum?) wage, he can apply for welfare, backpack across Europe, whatever. But mean it. He needs to be pulling all his weight or he needs to be somewhere else. This is one of the hardest, most distressing parts of parenting. We want to be wise, just and loving towards our children; we don't want to feel that we're being unloving. Many of us also feel some guilt as well, thinking Where have I failed in teaching my child a good work-ethic? If your husband is involved, you need to provide a united front here. You will need to support each other. A support system of friends, or a group-meeting type of thing might help, too. If you live in the US, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) webpage and hotline can also be a source of good information. Edited to add: You might want to read and share an article about gaslighting, which might be going on here. I want to emphasize that you've got a limited amount of time in which to act here. A child becomes an adult at 18, and there's very little you can do after that to force change of any kind. This would take a lot of courage and fortitude to withstand the aftermath, but it might get your point across. I wish I could say this is normal and natural, but it's not, unless you're talking only about very intelligent kids, a subset of whom believes that they can get by on their smarts and their smarts alone. When they don't make the grade on smarts alone, it's always someone else's fault. Lies are common, and (maybe you haven't encountered this) so is cheating. And this they will justify by saying, "I'm smarter than (X), and if I had studied, I'd have passed. So, cheating isn't wrong."