"Oh! Really? cool what was it?" IMHO, Use your judgement. Baby can hear you, music and whatever you are playing and doing through much of the pregnancy - even without any specific effort needed. If you want to do the music during gestation thing, try to choose music that is generally peaceful or up-beat - something that relaxes mom - and just play it on your stereo, but don't get particularly concerned about "perfect choices." There doesn't really seem to be strong evidence one or way or another about the music making a huge difference. Most likely, it impacts the child's ability to relax more than how smart or musically inclined they will be if anything at all. Many fully-grown adults require a certain amount of noise to sleep (hence the sleep function on your TV and on many alarm clocks that include a radio function as well). I did find one study (and admittedly only read the abstract) that showed that background music can result in delayed sleep and sleep with less depth. However, the study was more focused on whether music helped the listeners to stay awake after sleep deprivation. It also had a very small study group, so the findings may not be all that reliable anyway. Checklist of Things to Consider Theory of mind is the ability to understand that your experience is different from the child's experience (Psychology today describes it quite nicely along with a wonderful cartoon showing a typical test for theory of mind). Right now, your son thinks you already know everything he knows. So, in his mind, even though you weren't there, you already know what happened during his day. For that reason alone the question is confusing. It seems perfectly obvious to him what he did in a given day so why isn't it to you? To better understand this, check out the "false belief test video" here. "Oh with the tractors in the sandbox?" If you'd like to "prepare" her for reading "bridge to T" with her class, I could find some other books that are shorter with similar themes in a simpler format. You can use a subject access guide to find such books. This link will take you to one a posting about one I have used. They are reference books that allow you to look up children's and YA books based on subject/theme.