‘In overwhelming chaos, Krishna 

He affirms here, that post-holocaust questions such as these were not even possible to speculate on. 

CAGE: ...the performances had not been quite up to snuff. 

The point here is kinship; it's also worth noticing that in Levi-Strauss considered opinion the taboo is universal. 

Steve Bruce in his book Fundamentalism writes: 

Moral dilemmas of this sort are discussed by SF authors, for example Heinlein in his short story By his Bootstraps; and in the main stream of literature where its been influenced by such, ie Tom Stoppards The Real Inspector Hound; but quite amazingly not at all in the most famous time travel story, I mean that by H G Wells - The Time Machine - which is more in the tradition of Victorian high adventure, and earlier the epic. 

That is, if good is done, then evil will be done in proportion to rebalance the moral universe; like wise for evil. 

and not to reflect it as in a mirror without the mediating human conscience; ie the logical reflection of Wittgenstein. 

Evil was the word the Anglo-Saxons used where we would use bad, cruel, unskillful, defective (adj.), or harm, crime, misfortune, disease (n.). The meaning "extreme moral wickedness" was in Old English, but did not become the main sense until 18c. 

Still, its not an impossibility with enough ingenuity; for example Parfitt uses literary techniques from SF (cloning) to discuss a particular problem in the philosophy of mind (its unity and coherence over time and space). 

Is this actually borne out in experience? 

b. If every voter's preference between X and Y remains unchanged, then the group's preference between X and Y will also remain unchanged (even if voters' preferences between other pairs like X and Z, Y and Z, or Z and W change). 

Hawking & Musk are right to be concerned, but their concern must be interpreted given that AI in the proper sense - self-awareness and consciousness - isn't possible in the forseeable future, does not mean that technologies that fit within this narrative may not be ethically dangerous in the near future. This is already being seen in drone warfare and mass surveillance.