Boethius, following Aristotle, said the "Speculative sciences may be divided into three kinds: physics, mathematics, and metaphysics.": Orderliness and proper proportion are characteristics of everything that is beautiful. Since math deals with order and proportion, it is no coincidence that music,* can be beautiful. These are known as the Three Degrees of Abstraction. Hence why logic should be taught first (Sententia Ethic., lib. 6 l. 7 n. 17 [1211.]): Ancients like Boethius and medievals like St. Thomas Aquinas, and logicians like John Poinsot, et al. all considered logic to be an art (the art of reasoning). E.g., Aristotle writes in Metaphysics I (980b26) that “the human race lives by art and reasonings.” St. Thomas Aquinas writes in the proem of his Expositio libri Posteriorum Analyticorum: The distinction between mathematics and logic was almost universally held before modern times. (cf. "What is the philosophical ground for distinguishing logic and mathematics?") Aristotle's Posterior Analytics bk. 1 ch. 3-4 (72b5) says: Another example: There are myriads of consequences of Euclid's axioms. Are all of these consequences not virtually present in the axioms themselves? If so, this would violate the principle "one cannot give more than one has," unless something is added to the axioms in deriving proofs from them. Is that the case? See this for the rest of this Aristotle quotation, followed by St. Thomas Aquinas's commentary on it. For example, Euclidean geometry can be proven to be both complete and consistent. Other geometries are also of this type - e.g., Hilbert's axioms and Tarski's axioms. Regarding the first part of your question concerning our ability to acquire knowledge of the ideal world, as we agreed in my answer to your previous question, we can never really be certain if our formalization of a particular theory or (non-trivial) ideal is either correct or fundamental. We can be guided by principles like Occam’s razor or we can appeal to aesthetics and experience, but none of these techniques can provide certainty. Ultimately we can never know. On the plus side, the remarkable utility of our mathematical theories tells us that even if we are creating emergent theories rather than fundamental, ideal-world theories, what we are doing has real value, including intellectual and artistic value (if that's not too airy-fairy), and we are guided by Plato's vision in this regard. I'm still not sure that your question is clear enough to answer, but I'm willing to give it one more go. I have been tempted to ask this, but my lack of maturity has made me reluctant since it may be a rather sophomoric point. And this art is logic (logica), i.e., the science of reason (rationalis scientia). See this for the rest of this Aristotle quotation, followed by St. Thomas Aquinas's commentary on it. (cf. "What is the philosophical ground for distinguishing logic and mathematics?") Hence why logic should be taught first (Sententia Ethic., lib. 6 l. 7 n. 17 [1211.]): Boethius, following Aristotle, said the "Speculative sciences may be divided into three kinds: physics, mathematics, and metaphysics.": Aristotle's Posterior Analytics bk. 1 ch. 3-4 (72b5) says: Ancients like Boethius and medievals like St. Thomas Aquinas, and logicians like John Poinsot, et al. all considered logic to be an art (the art of reasoning). E.g., Aristotle writes in Metaphysics I (980b26) that “the human race lives by art and reasonings.” St. Thomas Aquinas writes in the proem of his Expositio libri Posteriorum Analyticorum: *(Music was a branch of mathematics in the Middle Ages; cf. the Quadrivium: The distinction between mathematics and logic was almost universally held before modern times. These are known as the Three Degrees of Abstraction. Another example: There are myriads of consequences of Euclid's axioms. Are all of these consequences not virtually present in the axioms themselves? If so, this would violate the principle "one cannot give more than one has," unless something is added to the axioms in deriving proofs from them. Is that the case? For someone versed in finance, randomness is equated to unpredictability. The price movements of financial markets are perceived to be random since they are unpredictable. In a liquid market, such as treasury bonds, we expect successive trades to be initiated by a even distribution of buyers and sellers. If too many buyers flooded the market with orders, we would assume that there was some well define cause such as a change in interest rates. A financier would not see this as random, even if it still fell within the definition of statistical randomness from a purely transactional point of view. Let's restate the two expressions as p = 2n - 1 is prime p' is the first prime larger than 2n - 1 For small values of n, most people would say that both p and p' are known since we can readily compute the value of p'. However, as your example shows, this is not the case for larger values of n. While it is true that certain areas of mathematics give precise definition of randomness, even here different areas of mathematics give different definitions. For example, statistical randomness is not necessarily the same as information-theoretic randomness even if information-theoretic randomness would necessarily contain some degree of statistical randomness. Plato's ideal world must stand or fall on its own. In this regard, one has to say that it appears to fall. I'm sure the Stanford arguments referred to in your comments do a perfectly good job of rejecting Plato's ideal world. Aside : Russell's paradox is a logical (formal) paradox and one could say that it gives rise to a theorem, namely that the cumulative hierarchy (the collection of all sets) is not itself a set. This would not be a theorem of set theory since set theory only deals with sets, but it could be considered a theorem of mathematics in general. This (apparently) follows from the fact that the continuum, R, and therefore the plane R2 of geometry, is formalizable as a recursively enumerable theory that is incapable of defining integers as real numbers. I'm not entirely clear on the details of these results, but this is what I have read.