Paul's argument here is that everyone is without excuse for knowing God because his actions are plainly seen, and from these actions his divine attributes are evident. To back up his argument, he says the "wrath of God is revealed from heaven." That is, evil and unrighteous behavior have clearly been punished. If God was not truly wrathful, and was only described that way for our benefit, then Paul's argument would have no force. The unbelievers certainly could not be expected to naturally perceive wrath that did not actually exist. Wrath is attributed to God the Father, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit (Hebrews 3). It is brought against Israel, Gentile nations, mankind as a whole, specific individuals, and the Serpent/Satan (Genesis 3). It is hard to find a context where God's wrath is not described in some fashion. Jesus on Earth can legitimately be described as angry, and He describes judgment of certain groups in harsh "wrath-like" terms. As such, it is only natural that passages that describe God's judgment in heaven in similar terms be read as accurately describing a true aspect of God's nature. Conclusion The idea that God's wrath is an accommodation stems from a desire to avoid the difficulty in seeing God as angry. It is often phrased in a condescending fashion such as "ancient people needed to see God that way, but we moderns know better" - either by believers to make God more palpable, or by nonbelievers in an effort to discredit the Bible. Basic principle Perhaps the strongest argument against viewing God's wrath as an accommodation is the lack of evidence for this understanding. The view is primarily driven by human desire to avoid putting "impure" emotions such as anger on to God. However, the idea that anger is "wrong" is driven my philosophical ideas about how the ideal person should act, not the Bible. Indeed, Paul writes: Definition Accommodation means that we use finite terms to describe an infinite God, and thus naturally come up short. This is certainly true, so in some sense every description of God is an accommodation. However, that does not mean a given description does not correspond to a truth. Thus, for the purposes of this answer, I am restating the question to be "What is the basis for believing descriptions of God's wrath correspond to a true aspect of His nature?" which I think is the real question here. Variety of contexts Another reason to believe that the wrath of God is not merely an accommodation is that the descriptions of wrath occur in a wide variety of contexts. It occurs in history writings (Exodus 32), the Law (Leviticus 26), Poetry (Psalm 59), prophetic writing (Isaiah 13), the Gospels (Matthew 11), letters (Romans), and of course the Apocalypse (throughout Revelation).