That is of course the 'good' response: asking the parent if they can help, rather than directly providing it. However, nobody's perfect. 

That opens things up for her to argue with me (even if it's entirely true). By simply asserting my position as parent and making clear that I'm not some dad who goes to the park to read his email and ignore his kids, but pay careful attention to my children without helicoptering. She of course could argue anyway, and that's happened before, but that's less likely if you don't initiate the argument. 

What good solutions are there to helping him cope with his choice? Is this even a good idea at this age (34 months)? Are there better ways to teach meaningful choices that are more effective at learning? Or is this just one of the many difficult things you have to do as good parents? 

In my experience, what I've seen are interactions like the following. I have a three year old and a 20 month old. 

So What I'm hearing is this: the only time the ex is a parent is when the Significant Other acts, or doesnt, based on what he's afraid the ex might do. 

2) Detail the situation. What I've done is gotten down on their level, holding them tight by the side so they can't get away. 

You guys can't do that. You're both clearly hamstrung by fear of this person's reaction. Eff That. And here's some tuff love: Grow up. Own it. 

This is generally an age where you can have a reasonable conversation. They can remember to bring papers home from school (or daycare or even home-care). They can follow the basic "rules of the road" at school, can likely recite to you why they follow the rules and then tell you want will happen if they don't. In other words, they are familiar with consequences and I think a child this age is ready to link responsibility to those consequences. 

Bottom line: You have to change the atmosphere. Hard. Even if you don't do what I've outlined here, some kind of a dramatic change is needed and she's got to know, very clearly, those things that are unacceptable and that mommy (the ex) isn't going to save her from punishments at your house. 

However, an 8yo is greatly different. An 8yo has a much broader understanding of the world, social expectations and contracts placed upon them, and should understand specific definitions of Right and Wrong. A 4yo barely understands that other people can have ownership of things, too. An 8yo can understand the lesson in Cars (basic respect towards other people) that isn't explicitly spelled out in skywriting. 

I know that somebody is going to downvote me for going off topic, but screw it... The relationship with both the ex and the kid is all kinda tangled in there together. If you downvote this post, don't be a wuss about it... put in a comment. 

(turning them to face me) That's wrong. You know it, I know it. Don't forget what I told you about lying... That's what happened, right?