Sometimes alternate post are not competing with original posts only complimenting them. I seek to compliment and amplify Affable’s post which has already more simply stated. Partly to help me straighten it out in my own mind! 

For everywhere when we see God punishing sin, or threatening of a future punishment of sin, it is in connection with his justice being taken into account in the punishment of evil doing. When we speak of God's wrath we are clearly referring to his actions in, cursing man to death as a result of the sin of Adam, in sending a flood to destroy the world at the time of Noah, to manifest a hatred of sin in the capital punishments of the Old Testament Law, to represent the cup of wrath borne by Christ on the cross and to warm of the final judgment. 

In a nutshell I have found many classic authors, including Luther, Owen and Edwards, often start by using this verse to say that anybody born of ‘flesh’ is only ‘flesh’. 

The question is difficult because it depends on what a person really means by 'accommodation'. If we mean an intentional misuse of pure logic in order to explain something, like 'God walking among us', or 'God repenting', then obviously it is not an accommodation in that obvious sense as God will punish sinners and has punished sinners in the Bible. The bible is full of his punishment everywhere, there is no need to quote scripture in detail as all will confess his judgments recorded. However, if what is really meant is a method to reconcile God's anger with his love, as seeming contradictory attributes, then the question itself is a confusion of subjects as anger is not an attribute of God. 

The idea of ‘flesh’ is derogatory as ‘human nature separated from God’. Even as a believer who has ‘both’ good and evil natures, as a result of the new birth, only a sinful disposition remains in that nature they first obtained through Adam. 

As for the influence it's had in recent years: 

23 Then if any man shall say unto you, Lo, here is Christ, or there; believe it not. 

38 For as in the days that were before the flood they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark, 

We're already supposed to be good stewards of the world God gave us. The truth or falseness of global warming does not change the fact of our responsibility. 

A Biblical statement is simple. The Bible says "Thou shalt" or "thou shalt not". (Example: Theft - thou shalt not steal) 

These are the things which defile a man: but to eat with unwashen hands defileth not a man. 

Again, I don't see these as a natural link, personally, and whether this is strong enough of a "Biblical basis" for any given individual is a personal opinion, but for those that teach and believe in the "soul ties" phenomenon, this is the basis given. 

Other examples of this are John 15:26 and especially 16:13–14. However, some trinitarian scholars reject this argument as specious, saying that the rules of Greek grammar are not controverted in these verses: the masculine pronoun, they argue, can legitimately refer to the masculine noun Helper, not Spirit, even though (particularly in John 16) they are not in close proximity.2 

Humanity cannot make the required satisfaction Anselm next addresses the issue of man's attempts to repay God. Good works cannot repay the debt, because God created man "out of nothing" and is his Master, and a slave's obedience to his master is expected: 

This presentation is largely an expansion of Louis Berkhof's Systematic Theology, 1.1.8. Other helpful resources include Wayne Grudem's Systematic Theology, chapter 14 and Charles Hodge's Systematic Theology, 1.1.8.1. 

Among these, Romans 8:27 and 1 Corinthians 12:11 make it particularly clear that the Holy Spirit has a mind and will: attributes of personhood. 

The word "another" in this verse, plus the application of the same Greek word for Helper (parakletos) to Jesus in 1 John 2:1, further establishes the personhood of the Holy Spirit by indicating that the Holy Spirit's role mirrors that of Jesus in this significant respect.