Unfortunately, as far as I know, no sustained work has been done on intra-linguistic ontology since ‘structural semantics’ and particularly Coseriu’s semantic programme became extinct, or at least confined to very obscure academic quarters, in the early 1980’s. The early Chomskian programme(s) (e.g., Aspects, Language and Mind, Reflections on Language, Knowledge of Language), of course, entailed the elaboration of a proper linguistic ontology as a basis for the semantic component of the Language Faculty, but ever since the mid 1970’s the Chomskian programme has given up on that crucial goal, and, particularly since the Minimalist Programme was launched in the early 1990’s, the content of the Language Faculty has been quickly contracting into triviality. Once the lexicon is factored out, what remains is basically Merge (recursion); practically everything else has now been irresponsibly declared the psychologists’ or the cognitive scientists’ job, and, of course, such specialists, like all, or the great majority of, philosophical ontologists, do not believe in an independent linguistic ontology. The way to account for the irrelevance of the syntagmatic relations 4), 5) and 6) is to stipulate that only relations in which the verb is involved count (for clause-level syntax). In other words, there must be a special designated term which somehow acts as the ‘pivot’, ‘head’ or ‘root’ of the whole structure, and that, under DG assumptions, is, in this case, the verb sent. 

In sum: in spite of the official programmatic statements to the contrary, even minimalist grammar remains 'projectionist' to some extent. What MG is not at all is a 'constructionist' model, and, needless to say, it did not arise as a reaction against 'neoconstructionist' approaches. The fact is that whereas, in English, as stated, the clause undoubtedly sits in the complement of V position, in Spanish, where focused subjects are regularly post-verbal (cf. Ha telefoneado tu marido = lit. Has phoned your husband) the que-clause might arguably be either a complement or a post-poned subject, and, therefore, evidence is needed to determine which of those hypotheses is right. 

Thus, as far as I can see, such sentences are not problematic for late P&P Theory. Whether MG delivers what it aims at is a different matter, though. I wrote 'in theory' and 'programmatically' above because even MP cannot dispense with 'labels' (well, an attempt was made to get by without them a few years ago, but it was a sort of trick and did not catch on, to my knowledge), and the 'label' attached to a merger is 'inherited' from one of the syntactic objects (at first lexical, subsequently phrasal) that Merge operates on, which entails that at least that feature of one of the two objects merged must be searched for inside the object and 'copied'. It is true that, according to Chomsky,'copying' F is not 'tampering' with F, or with the object that contains F, since the original object is not really modified, just duplicated. However, in cases of internal Merge, where the'checking' of a valued feature [F:v] or the 'valuation' of an unvalued one [F:?] is involved, the 'No Tampering' principle is untenable, in my view, because in such circumstances the internal structure of the corresponding categories is inevitably modified by the checking/valuation process (which is why, once F is 'checked'or 'valued', it is 'deactivated' and cannot be 'checked/valued' again - a crucial condition for the correct behaviour of movement, agreement and other 'operations' currently considered aspects of Merge). Although I know nothing about Modern Greek and I am not even familiar with the way(s) generative syntacticians have analysed Greek clause structure either, herebelow is a proposal that, in my view, solves the OP's problem. And what about c)? Under the assumptions above, in c) polarity is unspecified, and, as a consequence, its PolP, if it contains one - as I asume - cannot have a truth-value, and so cannot encode a ‘proposition’ at all. Case c), then, would illustrate a kind of ‘sentence’ (in the sense of ‘syntactic category that can be used to perform a speech act’), whose PolarityP would not be ‘propositional’. Some PolPs, then, would be ‘propositional’ and some would not, and, in cases like c), arguably neither TP nor ForceP could be ‘propositional’ either, and as a consequence yes/no questions would contain ‘propositional content’, but no propositional projections. [Of course, granted the existence of negative questions like Didn´t Bach compose this concert?, one can always argue that c) has just default positive polarity and that that value is 'questioned' at the higher illocutionary level, I know, but the alternative view should not be lightly discarded, should it?]. 

The ‘endocentricity’ idea, of course, was not new (Bloomfieldian doctrine aside, it is occasionally found much earlier, e.g. in the treatment of adjectival modification in John Wallis’ Grammatica Linguae Anglicanae, published in 1653), but X-Bar Theory as a whole and its ambitious intended scope were new, and very important insights bound to stay in Chomskian linguistics for more than thirty years. 

In Old English, the "to" of "He asked to go to the store" would, indeed, have been a preposition governing a noun (in this case a 'noun of action' in the dative case). Since then, however, the "to" of infinitives has lost its capacity to assign dative case to its complement, its complement no longer behaves as a noun, and "to" has been 'reanalysed' as a 'function word' that governs/selects a VP complement with zero inflection (a 'bare VP'). b) Bach did not compose this concert. 

The only case in which a predicate can be the real focus of a Q operator, then, is in 'alternative questions' like Did he marry her or leave her?, but note that those are neither 'partial' nor 'polarity questions': they resolve, though, into two coordinated (contraposed) polarity questions, i.e., Did he marry her or did he leave her?, in each of which a separate Q-operator 'binds' the polarity variable (not the VP!) of the respective coordinate clause.