It's also come up in a few citizenship-related court cases (e.g. Sue v Hill, Nolan v Minister for Immigration and Ethnic Affairs), in which someone who was a citizen of another Commonwealth realm made them an alien or a citizen of a foreign power. The Australian courts have cited R v Foreign Secretary; Ex parte Indian Association, a case brought in England to enforce obligations of treaties between the UK and Canadian Indians from the 18th century. The English courts responded by saying that the position that the Crown was a single indivisible monarchy was no longer tenable in 1982, and that the position had been split up. The Canadian treaties with the Queen of Great Britain were now obligations of the Queen of Canada, and had to be enforced in Canadian courts. While the Australian Constitution is interpreted by Australian courts (not British ones), they have agreed with the English analysis. 

The Australian Constitution may declare that the Crown refers to the Queen's heirs and successors in the sovereignty of the UK, but the Queen in question was Victoria, and there have been some major changes since then. Australia is now an independent, sovereign country, and its monarchy is no longer legally identical to that of the UK. They may share a monarch and a line of succession, but that's only because the parliaments of the two countries decided to coordinate. 

Here are the 7 small "r" republican principles that came out of the Constitution ratifying process, undefined but assumed in Article 4 of the Constitution: 

[W]henever a particular statute contravenes the Constitution, it will be the duty of the judicial tribunals to adhere to the latter and disregard the former. 

The State of New Hampshire ostensibly acknowledges in its Constitution: [W]henever the ends of government are perverted, and public liberty manifestly endangered, and all other means of redress and ineffectual, the people may, and of right ought to reform the old, or establish a new government. The doctrine of nonresistance against arbitrary power, and oppression, is absurd, slavish, and destructive of the good and happiness of mankind. (Part First, Art. 10.) 

Second loss would be Judicial Review which is both a loss of power, and a loss of a check on the powers of both the executive and legislative authority. From Federalist No 78: 

Lost Judicial Powers and Checks and Balances First loss would be the items for which the Supreme Court has Original Jurisdiction, meaning it and only it has purview to review 

A longer description of both the case law and interpretation of original jurisdiction can he found here 

There is a strict separation of powers, horizontally and vertically. The government is run by officers governing for a term and only during good behavior. Offices are selected by our election, and not by the appointment of the government itself. The government recognizes that power resides originally in the People (immediately from God). 

Articles of Confederation Note the history of how the Articles of Confederation were replaced through a motion and Convention, and serves as a historical precedent. 

The Founding Fathers reached consensus that republicanism contains a provision to abolish and reform the government under new foundational laws, and is embodied in Article 4, section 4 of the Constitution. The means to do so exist through amendment, Convention or revolution, and the authority to do so resides in the people. For more on this topic I refer you to The Federalist Papers, No. 78 

[W]here the will of the legislature, declared in its statutes, stands in opposition to that of the people, declared in the Constitution, the judges ought to be governed by the latter rather than the former. They ought to regulate their decisions by the fundamental laws, rather than by those which are not fundamental. . . . 

The State of Maryland Constitution’s first Declaration of Right still reads: [The People] have, at all times, the inalienable right to alter, reform or abolish their Form of Government in such manner as they may deem expedient. (Declaration of Rights, Art. I.) 

[W]henever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends [to secure the inalienable rights to life, liberty and property], it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.