Perhaps you would like to say that each object has its own distinct identity which sets it apart from others, however it changes and however similar other objects are to it. This, again, is the notion of haeccity mentioned by Paul Ross. But it's not clear what this gets you — it's impossible to observe the thisness of an object for comparison at a later time (it is by definition not observable as a quality), and it is undermined by such problems as Theseus' ship, which note that our notions of identity of physical objects (including our own bodies!) can not be reduced to continuity of the matter in the object — it has more to do with form, and relationships between the parts, than substance. The actual success of physics is founded on these principles; the historical success is that the fact that these principles are simple enough to be easily mathematised, which lent them a weight of authority inherited from the apparent certainty of Euclid's work. The fact that they were easily mathematisable also allowed them to be easily verified in cases of interest, such as the orbits of moons and planets and the ability to calculate the tides. As these applications were surprising at the time, the success seemed remarkable and a standard to achieve in the future. What all of these ordinals are doing is capturing notions of ordering. Each new ordinal that we define extends the ones which came before. Just because a physical object can be described well by a model, consisting of a mathematical "object" which one might describe as having "very interesting properties", does not imply that the mathematical object is any more than an abstraction with which you can describe the physical object (or a class of similar physical objects). If every subset of order k is indistinguishable from every other subet of order k, perhaps because we have adopted a dogma that all sets of order k are "essentially the same", then indeed one cannot obtain a power-set ℘(S) which has a cardinality larger than S for infinite sets S. However, the question one should ask is why all sets of a given cardinality should be regarded as being for all intents and purposes as equivalent. I certainly do not regard a set of two ten dollar bills as being equivalent to a set of two twenty dollar bills, nor to a set consisting of one ten dollar bill and one twenty dollar bill. The reasons for this may be uninteresting to set theorists, but this is only to say that the subject matter of set theory cannot be neatly protected from application to non-set-theoretic problem domains. In this respect, I have a motivation to care, if I have a set of bills consisting of two twenty dollar bills and two ten dollar bills, which subset of two elements I consider. Thus the structure of the set, which may fade away if I consider the elements to be interchangeable tokens due to some detachment I have from the contents of the set, reasserts itself through the significance I attach to the elements as a consequence of the significance of the elements to a wider context. In my opinion, all Platonic ideas and also numbers are formed by abstraction: From "two bottles, two persons, two trees" we abstract to the number Two. It is very rare in philosophy to formalize an argument, because already the concepts are defined not precise enough. A famous counterexample is Goedel's formalization of the ontological "proof" for the existence of God. For a nice scetch of the argument see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G%C3%B6del's_ontological_proof Mathematics is not self-evident. Because evidence always depends on the degree to which one is familiar with the subject and on the depth one has penetrated the given problem. Why mathematics fits to solve real-world problems, is still an open question, see Wigner's paper quoted in Alexis' comment. A point is an idealized object. The single property of this idealization is the point's position. But a point has no extension. Hence the answer to your question: No, there are not more numbers than numerals. In the symposion Plato describes the ascent to the domain of ideas as a kind of mystical intuition. But even when Plato employs words "to see the idea of beauty" he always means to intuit the idea by our mind. Cantor rejected infinitesimals because the product of an infinitesimal with a fixed, finite non-zero remains infinitesimal. The Archimedean axiom does not hold in Omega_QQ. Hence - according to Cantor - infinitesimals do not represent the length of any line; they are no "linear numbers". In addition, Cantor considered the multiplication of infinitesimals with transfinite ordinal; but it remains unclear how Cantor thought this multiplication to operate. Conerning the reality of mathematical objects: Equivalence is a fundamental concept of mathematics, possibly even the most elementary fundamental concept. Taking equivalence relation is used for abstraction: And the probability of 80 heads is accordingly (1/2) ** 80, which is about 10 ** (-24), a decimal with the ciffer 1 at position 24 after the decimal point. On the other hand, Euclid like everybody until the 19th century thought that Euclidean geometry also describes our world. By definition, the set of all numerals and the set of all natural numbers map bijectively to each other, hence they have the same cardinality. I do not consider the paper a threat for any philosophy but a challenge, pointing to an open problem. In my opinion your question does not presuppose to write down numerals. And the answer is independent whether the universe is finite or not. Both numerals and numbers are abstract concepts. The above construction means to consider equivalent two integers if and only they give the same rest when dividing by n = 2. The same construction can be achieved for division by arbitrary non-zero n. The result are the restclasses modulo n, i.e. the sets with elements 0,1,2,...,n-1. Also here addition and multiplication are well-defined. Wigner's paper amazes any reader, notably any philospher or mathematician, see https://www.dartmouth.edu/~matc/MathDrama/reading/Wigner.html In general, it is neither necessary nor desirable to formalize the whole proof of a mathematical theorem. But sometimes it is helpful to formalize a distinguished passage, in order to write down a precise statement. It's the aim of physics not of mathematics to find out how nature works. Physicists design theories to explain the phenomena in certain domains of nature. There are mechanics, electrodynamics, solid body physics, quantum mechanics etc. These models are expressed in a mathematical language. Now mathematics can solve certain equations from these models and derive results which translate back into observable physical predictions. I do not consider complex numbers artifically defined. And for me it is not necessary to legitimate complex exponentiation by reduction via exp(iz) = cos z + i sin z to trigonometric functions. I consider it a deep insight of Gauss that solely by introducing a single imaginary number 'i', complex numbers derive as z = x + iy and each polynomial gets as many zeros as the degree of the polynomial indicates.