Instead, it is much more productive here to use Wittgenstein's concept of family resemblance, that is defining a category by the set of prototypes and examples of what a member of that category looks like, but without any clear set of features separating the member from the non members. Descartes (1596 – 1650) gave arguments against atheism, as did Blaise Pascal (1623 – 1662). Yet the first prominent atheist I can think of is David Hume (1711 - 1776), and even he wasn't explicit. From what I can see, it wasn't unit the 19th can century that you find explicitly atheist philosophy (Marx, Nietzsche, Schopenhauer, etc...). Update: Logical positivist would agree with the view that Nietzsche wasn't a philosopher, but on their account, neither were Hegel, Sartre, Heidegger, etc...given the strict definition and very narrow scope that they accorded to philosophy as "the handmaiden of science". See the IEP: Most entry level philosophy courses tend to focus almost exclusively on Western Philosophy. They also tend to follow a historical narrative that follows the evolution of western thinking, as opposed to studying ideas in themselves as they relate to each other, regardless of who/when they were discovered. For example empiricism is mentioned mainly within the context of British Empiricism, ignoring Indian and Arabic schools which embraced empiricism centuries before Locke or Hume. Similarly, ethics and values courses mention Kant, Mill and then Rawls, and relegate Confucius to Asian Studies and Chinese philosophy courses, when many would argue that his contribution to ethics are just as important. The IEP article on Descartes states that Nietzsche, among others, believed in the doctrine of eternal return, that the universe is spatially finite but temporally infinite, and everything that has ever occurred will occur again, in some sort of cosmic infinite loop. I get the feeling that this is somehow connected to the concept of (causal) infinite regress, but I can't pinpoint the connection. So what result was Horkheimer referring to then, when said that "Reason destroyed itself" ?: Here's Popper himself explaining this view: Buddhism is a prime example: Although considered a religion, the Buddha arrives at the 4 noble truths strictly through observation and logic. That particular aspect of Buddhism is as philosophical as it gets (even if other aspects of it aren't). The earliest example that I have heard being advanced is that of Pyrrho the ancient Greek skeptic. He travelled with Alexander the Great and would have had access to Eastern Philosophy though I don't know of any specific evidence linking him with Buddhist though. Not strictly related but there is firm evidence of Buddhism in contact with the Greek world in the canonical Buddhist text The Questions of King Milinda - a debate between a Buddhist monk and an Eastern Greek king. To be fair it would be surprising if they didn't come into contact as the Greek empire next door to the India. However his form of noncognitivism skeptism does seem to relate to Buddhist thought on this matter. The Buddha refused to engage with questions such as the eternity of the universe which seems to me to be a similar attitude. The book The Shape of Ancient Thought gives a fuller discussion of this area. I've heard good things about it but I haven't (yet??) read it myself Kant subsumes the metaphysical approach of Plato, Aristotle, Leibniz and Wolff as the dogmatic period. A second approach is the sceptical approach. And the third approach is his own critical metaphysics of transcendental philosophy. The latter determines the scope and boundary of metaphysics. Kant considers this kind of framing a progress because it terminates the unsteadiness of the discipline. From the view point of science it often looks as if philosophers emphasize as the unique feature of their discipline: To ask questions but not to give answers. As long as the awareness lacks that progress is a quality measure of an academic discipline, I do not expect philosophers developing their own criteria to measure progress in philosophy. Cantor rejected infinitesimals because the product of an infinitesimal with a fixed, finite non-zero remains infinitesimal. The Archimedean axiom does not hold in Omega_QQ. Hence - according to Cantor - infinitesimals do not represent the length of any line; they are no "linear numbers". In addition, Cantor considered the multiplication of infinitesimals with transfinite ordinal; but it remains unclear how Cantor thought this multiplication to operate.