If he is being bullied at school, of course he is going to fantasize about a world where he is strong and tough and in control. This is normal, and is no unhealthier than a world where kids are bullied and have no advocates in the teachers who should be looking out for that. I'm sorry your son's school isn't doing a better job. The school my kids went to was outstanding in that regard. Zero tolerance for intolerance, and "bully awareness" in every grade. I took every opportunity I could to tell them how much I appreciated the job they were doing. Both my husband and I suffered a great deal of bullying in our childhoods because the schools were either ignorant or indifferent to the problem, and we are both so grateful that our children are being spared that. 

If they say no and keep tickling you, it may be that they are playing, but it may be that they are trying to exert some kind of control (children often feel very powerless). If this bothers you, you can just say "If you break the rules, we can't play any more". 

He's very young now, but setting the groundwork for kindergarten and later years is very important. Show him that you are a part of what is happening at school, and that will give you far more influence over how he behaves there. Show him that you are going to back up his teachers, and he will be more likely to listen to them. 

I am a former teacher, and am surprised that a teacher would ask this. There are many answers to this one. 

If he says, "That's what so-and-so said." Then explain why repeating it wasn't a good idea, especially if he did not understand it, and why it was unkind and untrue. 

Yes, you still will have expectations for getting chores and homework done, but perhaps your interest in them has to change. 

We have a chore board for the family and even before she could write, our daughter would ask for an item to be added to the list. We have a double check system -- we check the list leaving home in the mornings/at breakfast and returning home in the evenings or at dinner time. I have always had too many things on my plate to remember all the details, so a list is imperative. It would have to be willful on my part not to do something I had agreed to as long as I was capable of getting out of bed. 

Interestingly, my son and my daughter have developed extremely different spending patterns according to their personalities. Money burns a hole in my son's pocket. If he has any money at all he spends it on the first impulse item he sees and wants. This has carried over into his early teen years, unfortunately. I think it is a product of his early life in an extremely poor rural Chinese orphanage (he was 4-1/2 when we adopted him). 

No. It is a reflex. An odd one, to be sure, but you can be laughing as you are tickled and hate every moment of it. My father used to tickle me and I hated it and screamed at him to stop but he didn't until he had proved that he could overpower me and there was nothing I could do to prevent him from tickling me. I am still, fifty years later, occasionally overcome by the feeling that I can't stand the feel of my shirt on my neck, because of the way he would use his beard to tickle my neck. There is something threatening about the feel of anything on my neck, and even when I understand where it comes from I can't completely control it. He wasn't a self reflective man, and I doubt he was even aware of his own motives. At least not on a conscious level, and I was a child who could be quite willful. He probably told himself that it was all "good fun". Maybe he thought he was "playing" with me. But subconsciously, I am quite certain it was a way to exert his dominance in a socially acceptable way. 

To set the stage for effectively addressing this challenge, avoid calling or thinking of your child as a “biter” and ask others not to use this term. Labeling children can actually lead to them taking on the identity assigned to them, which can intensify biting behavior rather than eliminate it. 

However, it does not address the issue. IMO, it does not match the 'crime', and it boils down to you are bigger and so you can force the issue. Same as you can hit or swear. I do not think you are acting in your own best interest. Teaching a child is not about punishment as much as it is about reason. 

If this happened to me, I'd tell the parents that I wanted to speak to the child because he said something hurtful and I'd like to see if I could help him to understand. If they refused permission, I'd tell them every detail and leave it at that. 

I have not read this entire ebook, but it might have some helpful ideas. 

on edit: This comment would depend on the maturity level of your 15 month old. In our home TV, and electronics are earned. We do what we need to do for ourselves and our family and then we can fill our free time with the things we like to do. This doesn't mean we work all day without breaks, but that we have certain things we do before those breaks occur. TV is a privilege, and not a right. I think your daughter could possibly understand that she has lost or earned TV by her own actions. 

Unless you have reason to think that your child has a learning disability, learning at different rates from other children is perfectly normal. Johnny can make a basket during a game, but can't yet skip. Susie can skip but can't catch. It all works out in the end. 

If a parent does something for which there is a known reaction/consequence -- did not complete or do a chore, took something (cookies), swore, had a tantrum: