This is a decision the community on Drupal.SE has to make, and the moderators there are part of that community. It's up to the community to decide which policy they want to follow with regard to disclosure of security vulnerabilities. Serial voting is about deliberately seeking out posts from a specific user and voting on them, so multiple votes on the same page should not count towards it. In most common cases this just doesn't make much of a difference, but the evaluation posts highlight this weakness of the script. Flagging the comment as offensive is still the correct first step. This will ensure that the comment gets removed once enough users flag it or a moderator sees it. Any SO moderator has the ability to migrate questions to any site, whether they should do that in this specific case is a different matter. Migrations just don't work as well as one would like, and I suspect that this is somewhat inherent to the system and not something that can be fixed without changing it completely. Migration is often seen as the "nicer" alternative to closure, and that often leads to questions that just should be closed to be migrated instead. Migrating crap wastes time on both sites and should be minimized. The users that decide on the migration are also in most cases not users that know the target site very well, this is a huge problem for any site with a non-obvious scope (I could guarantee that a migration path to Skeptics would be a disaster for that reason alone). There is also some bias in the quality of the questions that are migration candidates, users that post completely off-topic questions on a site usually also post extremely crappy questions in general. I can't see the question in this example (10k-only), but I suspect that it's highly voted on and with a lot of answers from programmers. Posts on a smaller beta site usually have no chance to compete with highly upvoted migrated questions, those migrated posts will stick to the list of highest voted questions for a long while. Other problems are that the answers are probably written from a different perspective by a different audience. The script should simply count multiple votes on posts of the same question as one, no matter how many are voted on. It is natural behaviour to read through a question and its answers and potentially vote on all of those posts.