The Hadith(tradition) above shows that as well as ourselves, it could be our duty to defend our friends too (of course by paying attention to its conditions according to the positions and so on) Let's elucidate the issue with giving an short/simple example; and it'll be more clarified for you if you adopt the previous illustration with the following example: e.g., the fruit "X" is sold/bought as a normal fruit, but its leaf doesn't normally/customarily have interchange (albeit can be eatable in specific circumstances...). So, the issue of industrial/drinkable alcohol can be adopted with such example, namely the custom is significant in its circumstances about its impressibility or ... You as a person who touches the dog or the dog be wet (one of them, or even both of them), then the Nijasah will be transferred from the dog to the individual(s). Afterwards, it would be considered as Nejasah that ought to be washed. For more info. You can refer to the reference below. 

Looking at the narration below could be profitable for you. It has narrated from Imam Sajjad (a.s.) as the fourth Imam of Shia Islam that he said: 

Consequently, it seems that its prohibition can be related to the individuals/conditions, for instance it can be more harmful for the persons who just started using it in comparison with the ones who are actually a kind of addict to them... 

Actually is it Haram or Makruh? Or even permissible? 

Piece of advice, you can follow the following verses which suggest that it is better to forgive who make us angry. I have heard that playing cards is Haram even if you play it without gambling. (According to Shia, actually in accordance with the Fatawa of many Maraja' such as Ayatollah Khamenei) playing cards is Haram. (www.islamquest.net) 

Accordingly as @Ansari mentioned, drinking intoxicates drinks is considered as an impermissible practice. 

Ayatollah Makarem-Shirazi said regarding that: Buying, selling and using it is not considered as a haram act by itself. But it would be counted as impermissible practice to buy, sell or use it of it has a remarkable disadvantages for the person … 

O you who have believed, when you go forth [to fight] in the cause of Allah, investigate; and do not say to one who gives you [a greeting of] peace "You are not a believer," aspiring for the goods of worldly life; for with Allah are many acquisitions. You [yourselves] were like that before; then Allah conferred His favor upon you, so investigate. Indeed Allah is ever, with what you do, Acquainted. (94) Concerning your interesting query that you asked: 

As well as mentioned issues, for instance I see in such religious ceremonies (e.g. in Shia Islam's, perhaps Sunni Islam do so too), the host/family of the dead distribute foods such as date and etc. then commonly the ones who eat them then recite FATHA (Surah Fatiha and and surahs such as Ikhlas) by the intention of dead. Meanwhile, in such ceremonies, the Quran(s) are distributed between individuals and they recite Quran and they dedicate its thawab --reward-- to the dead. Hence such profitable acts can be good if is done by the intention of pleasing God --and actually a kind of helping the dead by doing good deeds/duas--. 

… because the Prophet dawned (La'n) the men who make themselves like women and also women who make themselves similar to men. (Bahar-Al-Anwaar, Vol 103, Pg 208). Firstly, you should notice that working or getting every money which is related to Rabawi transaction is considered as a haram practice. But in other cases which is not related to Rabawi transaction, it seems not to be haram if the mentioned bank is giving it to you as an incentive. (As far as I know). 

But things such as hashish or opium are declared directly as haram things. Since apparently their remarkable disadvantages for the bodies are clearer. Let’s respond to your inquiry by i.e. stating regarding entering a church for a Muslim as a related example. Thus, in the mentioned item, there could be explained some points, such as: 

At the initial step, I ought to mention that it doesn't justify your negative practice that you said "I curse a lot because i am surrounded by many teenagers who also curse a lot.". It is not counted as a haram practice as you inquired 

But you'd better do not hit him back, since it would increase the argument ... 

Hence, from the viewpoint of Islam there is no prohibition for doing that (at least in common condition). Of course, albeit Islam allows this, (I presume) it doesn't mean that Islam encourages women to be pregnant in very low ages; as for instance you presumably know that (scientifically) it is said that best age for pregnancy is about 18 to 25, whereas it doesn't mean that the age before/after this age is definitely dangerous (or unlawful).