I like the Pulpit Commentary on this. It says that God called Adam because God wanted to bring him to confession. 

Ephesians 1:4 (NIV) For he chose us in him before the creation of the world to be holy and blameless in his sight. In love 

Isaiah 45:9 (NIV) “Woe to those who quarrel with their Maker, those who are nothing but potsherds among the potsherds on the ground. Does the clay say to the potter, ‘What are you making?’ Does your work say, ‘The potter has no hands’? 

In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. He was with God in the beginning. Through him all things were made; without him nothing was made that has been made. The Word became flesh and made his dwelling among us. We have seen his glory, the glory of the one and only Son, who came from the Father, full of grace and truth. No one has ever seen God, but the one and only Son, who is himself God and is in closest relationship with the Father, has made him known. 

God also reveals His truth according to His timeline. 

In contrast to this, there are many verses which compels me to believe that God indeed has a form, having a head, hands and legs - God made us in his image, God sits on a throne, God speaks, God has feet, Moses saw the backside of God, God spoke to Moses as a friend, God laughs etc. 

God’s plan looked foolish to men, but it is wiser than the best plans of men. God’s plan which may look weak is stronger than the strongest plans of men. 

The Old Testament never reveals the Truth of Salvation for the soul in a crystal clear manner. The New Testament reveals that the way to Salvation is through Jesus Christ. The New Testament promised that Jesus Christ will come back again but never tells us when it will happen. Even though The Book of Revelation is about the end times, all are in symbolic form. We will understand them fully only when it actually happens. God's will also changes as time passes. 

This is not an exhaustive list of female and motherly images of God in the Bible. A quick Internet search will turn up various lists of them. But these five examples should be enough to show that although God is overwhelmingly presented as a male figure in the Bible, there are places where the Bible speaks of God as being motherly, and having other female attributes. 

Still, there are a few passages scattered throughout the Bible that suggest or attribute to God female characteristics, including some that present God as a mother. 

The philosophical response that "God has no gender" is foreign to the biblical text, which almost everywhere uses gendered language for God. The vast majority of that gendered language is male; a small minority of it is female. I'm not aware of any passage in the Bible stating or implying that God has no gender. If the intention is to move away from the idea of God as exclusively male, it is easier to support from the Bible the idea that God encompasses both genders than it is to support the idea that God has no gender. 

Since Islam didn't come into existence until several centuries after the last books of the Bible were written, obviously there is no mention of Islam in the Bible, and therefore there are no statements in the Bible about whether Muslims do or don't worship the same God. 

This is the primary driver behind the widespread contemporary movement in liberal Christianity toward recognizing a female aspect of God, and referring to God not only as Father but also as Mother. 

Luke 19:10 For the Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost. 

Jesus not only claimed to have the power of God but he also demonstrated it, in that passage. 

Here Jesus is telling us that one day we will see him sitting next to the Father who is Power. 

The main reason that it is important to Protestants, that Jesus is the son of God, is because that is the basic precept on which their salvation depends. If Jesus were not deity, (or God) he could not keep the promises he made concerning salvation. 

רוּח, rûach, roo'-akh; From H7306; 

Beyond that we see God parting the red sea, for Israel, and drowning Pharaoh's Army in it. 

Together the Soul and Spirit will either experience the Grace of God or the wrath of God. 

Although I am technically a Baptist, I study the Scriptures for myself and draw my opinions from them, and not from any Denominational interpretation. 

Unless Jesus were God and not just a good man all of these would be hollow promises, since salvation is of God: 

Then the first time God brought rain upon the Earth He caused a flood which Killed all life except Those animals he saved and those eight people aboard the Ark. 

The body will return to Dust, but the Spirit and soul; one established by God himself and the other established by man, will live for eternity. It is not the Soul that condemns us to eternal punishment it is our Spirit, (or the knowledge that the grace of God was offered to us, but rejected.), that brings on eternal wrath of God. The soul unlike the body and spirit is strictly a spiritual gift from God and it can be either a good or bad gift depending on the actions of our minds once we know the grace of God is available to us.