As leancz said, there isn't one answer to this. An argument I heard from extreme vegans: This are just two examples how your question could be answered, I bet there are other approaches I didn't think of. I wish to add that, whether we agree with these approaches or not, I find them much more satisfying than an answer that is based purely on rational considerations. The problems with Singer's analogy lie elsewhere, imo, namely with the responsibility and the deduction of the obligation. It is, however, of great consequence to ethics in general to avoid admitting, so long as it is possible, of anything morally intermediate, whether in actions (adiophora) or in human characters; for with such ambiguity all maxims are in danger of forfeiting their precision and stability. Those who are partial to this strict mode of thinking are usually called rigorists (a name which is intended to carry reproach, but which actually praises); their opposites may be called latitudinarians. (Religion within the Limits of Reason Alone, Book I, Observation) My question would be: Does anybody know whether Korsgaard herself motivated this step somewhere else, maybe in Self-Constituion: Agency, Identity, and Integrity? In that case I would be grateful for a specific reference and/or an answer explaining what seems to be the argumentative gap. I would also appreciate some further references to criticisms of Korsgaard's argument. Now, considering that the polis Plato has in mind is arranged perfectly, and thus just, somebody who "meddles with what isn't her own" is being unjust. But having bought that, are we already, without further steps, buying that the same goes for acting against the constitution of, say, the US? Doesn't the assessment of a person's act as unjust mainly depend on the installation of justice in the society that person is acting in? For that would mean that it might not be unjust to non-conform with the constitution of an unjust society. The answer to your question, "can we say that...", probably depends on who "we" are. I'd say that it is not a valid philosophical conclusion. However an empirical science could phrase that theory, and then it's up to the empirical evidence to "proof" (we know there is no proof...) whether or not the theory is conclusive. Suppose you see a child drowning in a relatively small pond. There's no one else but you, and you can swim. The "costs" of saving the child are small - you're going be late to work and your clothes are going to be ruined. Still, as Singer points out, every one would agree that it's your responsibility to save that child, and probably even your duty. A different example is Kant, who claimed that there's a moral obligation to leave the state of nature and that one may use force to make others join a legal state. There must be a legal relation between all human beings who could interact with one another or have influence on others (which, today, is pretty much everyone). According to Kant, they would not have a right to remain the way they are then, and in fact, I think that's plausible: They demand property and to be left alone. These claims are dealt with legally, and as soon as they are legal persons, they are part of society. Of course the native tribe (e.g.) is a society in itself. The "problem" is that Kant claims that the same applies to communities/states. They, too, need a legal relation to deal with differing interests. You can find some details here or in the first part of Metaphysics of Morals. On the relation between states, have a look at The Perpetual Peace, a very interesting short book.