I think you are missing something important. The negative consequences must be both relatively swift and have to be actually considered negative by the child! By playing I mean actually creating something of of them: a structure of sorts, animals, corridors, or whatever the imagination suggests. When you are home, you can try to "trick" your daughter into doing other things than watching TV. It's very simple, really. It works perfectly with my 2yo daughter. Look at it from the child's perspective: he got to watch tv (plus), got to do what he wanted (plus), had to wake up early anyway (minor minus, getting up was harder), was sleepy during classes (doesn't really care). In general the balance is for staying late. The consequences weren't severe enough to discourage any more attempts to stay up late. Hence, 90% of children (who follow the same train of thought) will want to stay up late every day. Eating too much sweets would be another case with similar effect (well my belly does hurt a bit, but hey, all the sweets I ate!) Remember that it all depends on the child's age and his character. If school is very important to him, then maybe he won't stay late. In general, however, use common sense and your intuition to decide whether to enforce something or to let the kid experience the effects. Choosing only one option puts the child in actual danger. There are definitely a variety of different ability levels when it comes to speaking; 22 months should be able to say some words, but it sounds like he's at that level. Boys tend to be further behind than girls in terms of speaking, and if he's an only child (or a first child) then it's also going to delay things some in terms of sophistication (speaking in sentences, for example). All in all, I think that your son is not necessarily particularly behind in speech; but that doesn't mean you shouldn't stay on top of things, as if it turns out he is developmentally delayed in this area, the earlier you address the problem the better it is for his future. My youngest is also 22 months, and is definitely not "speaking properly" by some definition, though he sounds like he's a little further along than yours - he puts 3-5 words together ("Not do that", "Stand up", etc.). Definitely not sentences or anything else I'd call "properly", but quite in the normal range for a child of that age from my experience. I think it's a great idea to let kids make decisions when they can. However, to let a child decide on important things without realizing that in many instances the child will pick what brings him instant gratification isn't really teaching him well. Better to let kids take increased responsibility as they are able to appreciate long-term consequences. As you can see (I've added the arrows at 22 months), by now he's delayed if he doesn't know 6 words (any words. "maa, daa, baa (bottle), no, etc. They all count.) He should be able to point out two things that you're reading to him or showing him (of all the pages, not on every page). If he points to a doggie and a cow, you're all set for that one. If he doesn't, he has 2 more months to pick up that skill before it's considered abnormal. If he knows any body parts ("Where are your hands? Show me!" "Where's your nose/mouth/head/(anything), he's good. If he occasionally combines 2 words ("Maa, no"), he's good. Note the top box: "speech half-understandable". This gives you a rough idea of two things: what's considered normal, and how late most kids develop speech. Some experts do not even advocate diagnosing a speech problem before 24 months. Most people don't place babies in harm's way. I've never seen anyone trying to train an infant to roll over, sit up straight, or to raise it's head up off the floor. If that sounds silly, it's because it is. Infants can't do what they can't do. And they will not stand idly by if you're forcing them to stand before they're ready. They will slump, and likely cry.