First of all to clarify Pé de Leão point: First a comment: I am surprised at your stating that "It seems that physicalism and functionalism in philosophy of mind has fallen out of popularity and into much criticism". All of the philosophy of mind courses and lectures I have listened to state that functionalism is the most popular position in philosophy of mind. Can you provide a source? The real problem with quantum mind arguments is that the consensus among computer scientists is that Quantum computers cannot solve any of the problems that classical computers can't. They are likely more efficient that non-QC, but that's it, they can't solve any of the undecidable problems. So if a human mind is indeed more powerful that a classical computer, quantum computing isn't the answer. However, the power of a computational device isn't measured solely by its efficiency. A trivial example is the following: From an epistemology point of view, is there a difference between "knowing" and "understanding"? How would one represent the ability to internalize a concept? How does reality have to be mirrored in the mind, beyond a simple linguistic correspondence for a concept to be internalized, for a person to get it? Does this "understanding" vs "knowing" difference strengthen John Searle's Chinese room argument against strong A.I.? Have any philosophers worked on this issue? Physicalism (see SEP article) is the position that the mind is entirely dependent on the physical, so by definition, the mind for a physicalist can't transcend matter, regardless of whether they are reductionist or non-reductionist. The moment you allow the mind to transcend in some way or another, you are for all practical purposes introducing a form of dualism. Searle then goes on to state that he isn't really convinced by the argument, but he doesn't elaborate any further. Intuitively, there is a clear difference between knowing something and understanding something. We speak of someone 'getting' or 'internalizing' a concept, of developing a 'gut feeling' for something, etc... Qualia is the term to used describe actual subjective experience and sensation, as opposed to mere knowledge and information. You are touching on two different problems in philosophy of mind, the hard problem of consciousness and the problem of freewill. Chalmers' Philosophical Zombie concept is a direct response to functionalism: That even when taking into account internal mental states, materialism (or physicalism) still fails to account for first person subjective/phenomenological experience. One example is a video recording device, where the camera lens can be extended using some sort of fiber optic tube and turned back to look at itself. Another one is a computer program which takes other computer programs as input (for parsing or consistency checking purposes). There is nothing paradoxical about this program taking itself as input, thus "observing" itself.