For a better understanding of how we as Christians regard these I recommend a comprehensive reading of chapters 20,21, and 22, even though chapter 22 is only a review of what we expect to obtain through our faith. Many People had already seen Jesus perform miracles and in the incident above this happened right after his having preached to them. It is possible that one of those in the crowd was receptive to his preaching and became a disciple. God knows the heart of people and Jesus may have known that it was a convert even though John did not. That same Spirit can inhabit our bodies today when we accept Christ as our Savior, however our human body has already experienced sin and will always be tempted by the cloak of desirability Satan uses to blind us to the true nature of sin. Revelation 20:14 KJV And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death. Jesus had on at lest one other occasion sensed the faith of one who was not closely following him. We must begin by reminding everyone that this site is dedicated to answering questions about Christianity. Christianity is a belief system based on faith in Jesus as the Christ. That presupposes that the Bible is true, and Jesus was Divine and therefore able to perform the miraculous realigning of man to God's favor. It presupposes that God (the Supreme being) is the creator of the material realm. Christianity must basically accept that the Spiritual realm is eternal, and that the material realm exists as a part of the spiritual realm. This event prophesied by Jesus took place at Pentecost: Rev 20:6 KJV Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection: on such the second death hath no power, but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years. Jesus exists even today as both man and God, the two cannot be separated as they are one and the same in the Spiritual realm. And as the Spirit Deity he was with them even as he is with us today. 2 And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. The answer to your question may be right there in the same chapter of Luke: Representatives of the first view include John Gill: This passage is often used as evidence of Jesus's divinity, since Jesus does not rebuke Thomas for calling him "God" like the angel does in Revelation 19:10, for example. The Heidelberg Catechism, answer 37, reads: Louis Berkhof, in his Systematic Theology (3.2.1.B), writes: Similarly, under the governmental theory, Christ suffers to show that a penalty must be paid for lawlessness, but he does not pay the penalty for all the sins of the elect, so again, full payment is not required. More on these and other theories of the atonement can be found on the corresponding Wikipedia articles, and analysis of them is found in both works of Grudem's and Berkhof's that I've quoted. 1. Ancient Christian Commentary, page 31 Commentators tend to take two views: that the works of God refer to 1) Jesus healing the man or 2) God's working throughout the man's life. Your suggestion fits nicely into the second option. Reformed theologians who hold to penal substitutionary atonement emphasize a) the divine nature of Christ and the increased capacity for suffering that that implies and b) the intensity of God's wrath against him. Christ in the state of humiliation Among Protestant commentators who clearly prefer one of these positions, this one is the most widely held. These commentators point to the surrounding context, like the New Bible Commentary does: There are a total of 15 places where Jesus spoke of the separation of the Father and the Son, and in the following Scripture Jesus is promising to send an entirely different Deity than those two: 31 If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true. The Deity of Jesus is a Spirit and being a Spirit has no material aspects, and therefore is able to inhabit the human body of Jesus just as these other Spirits inhabited another human being. Christianity is a result of man's ego in that man is accepted to be supreme to both vegetation and animal life. Revelation 20:14 KJV And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death. 32 There is another that beareth witness of me; and I know that the witness which he witnesseth of me is true. This was not the man Jesus ordering them to leave it was the Deity Jesus. and in the following Scripture he identifies that Deity as the Holy Spirit: also it is important to remember that Christ exists not only in the material realm, but also in the Spiritual realm where there is no time. For a better understanding of how we as Christians regard these I recommend a comprehensive reading of chapters 20,21, and 22, even though chapter 22 is only a review of what we expect to obtain through our faith. That same Spirit can inhabit our bodies today when we accept Christ as our Savior, however our human body has already experienced sin and will always be tempted by the cloak of desirability Satan uses to blind us to the true nature of sin. As Jesus said to the Sadducees: Since your question obviously is in reference to my answer to the original question, I have reviewed both questions and my answer. It seems that my answer assumed knowledge of the difference between the Spiritual realm and the Material realm was basic, but apparently it is not. Therefore I shall attempt to explain the differences. With that in mind here goes.