Just looking over that wikipedia link, I'm seeing a lot of references to British monarchal eras and Highland fashion. So it could be that this was an item primarily prevalent in England and Scottland. 

737 AD: About 4 million in Spain, mostly in the Mediterranean coastal areas (which were all in Muslim Hands). About 3 million in Egypt and another 3 in the rest of North Africa. About 22 million in the rest of Europe combined (mostly in France, the Low Countries, and Italy). 

Or consider a man who had finished near the bottom of his class at West Point and was forced out of the Army for drunkenness, left scraping together a living as destitute saddle salesclerk. Four years later he went on to defeat first the Confederate armies guarding the Mississippi in the west, then their armies guarding the capitol in the East, effectively winning the bloodiest war in American history. And yes, it is a recorded fact that, even in less enlightened ages, men would follow a female, if she had good enough leadership abilities, and was leading a direction they felt was the right one. For examples, look at the lives of Boudica and Ching Shih. I can't speak to any of the other gloved animals, since you dont present them or link to them, but your figure is a part of a document referred to as the Maastricht Hours, and contains many figures which display both human and animal-like forms. According to Plantagenet Ancestry: A Study In Colonial And Medieval Families, 2nd Edition . Michael(III) Earl of Suffolk was a commander of the Rear Guard of the Kings Army, from September through October 1415. One technique used to hold the assembly together is called 'peening'. The tang actually penetrates through the end of the pommel, and then is hammered and polished flush. The (commercial) website Albion Swords has some excellent diagrams displaying this and other methods. A google image search on 'sword peening pommel' will also give you some sample images of what this method looks like. 

So we have an estimate of roughly £400,000 for an income for William the Conqueror. The purpose of the drawbridge was to deny access to the castle gate. As such, spanning large distances was not usually necessary, at least by the drawbridge itself. The still-operational drawbridges at Helmingham Hall are a good example: 

I won't go into any of his supposed exploits, so as to not potentially "spoil" the future show for you. However, if you want you can read up on it on the wiki page I linked. The original sources are: In addition to what Courtny found, I discovered that the equivalent English light cav were the Currours. Its tough to find good info about them, but apparently they (like most light cav of the era) were chiefly used for scouting, skirmishing, and (based on the etymology of the word) courier duties. They were also used in the Scottish borderlands. 

Or consider a man who had finished near the bottom of his class at West Point and was forced out of the Army for drunkenness, left scraping together a living as destitute saddle salesclerk. Four years later he went on to defeat first the Confederate armies guarding the Mississippi in the west, then their armies guarding the capitol in the East, effectively winning the bloodiest war in American history. 737 AD: About 4 million in Spain, mostly in the Mediterranean coastal areas (which were all in Muslim Hands). About 3 million in Egypt and another 3 in the rest of North Africa. About 22 million in the rest of Europe combined (mostly in France, the Low Countries, and Italy). Due to its etymology, most likely the term "England" initially only referred to kingdoms (lands) run by Old-English speakers. In a way, this is still the proper usage, since technically England is a country (separate from Scotland and Wales), and the island is Britain. This is where things stood in 1346, which is the next time Mr. McEvedy deigns to give me population numbers again. At this point there were roughly 9 million people living on the Iberian peninsula, with perhaps around 2 million of those in Muslim territory. So it appears the letter(or at least the second translation), though sent to Qutuz, was an insult aimed at the Mamluks in general as well, since Baibars and Qutuz had joined up to oppose the Mongols advance. The only thing he left out was a comment about someones Mother. I don't think he was really looking for a surrender. 

- William the Conqueror made 200,000 times the wage of a day laborer. 

The processes are fascinating, and there are many youtube videos showing the forging/creation of medieval style weapons. A Discovery Channel 'How its Made' video can be seen here which shows some of these methods (peening and casting the pommel). A Nova special on Viking Ulfberht swords is also great for gaining an understanding of some of the procedures. The drawbridge construction itself: From Illustrated guide to Fortrose and vicinity By Angus John Beaton (1885) So £400,000. But this is just one source, so continuing to search, another book showed up discussing this:The History of the Public Revenue of the British Empire : Containing an Account of the Public Income and Expenditure from the Remotest Periods Recorded in History, to Michaelmas 1802; with a Review of the Financial Administration of the Right Honorable William Pitt. By Sir John Sinclair published 1803. On page 70 they get around to discussing the revenue collected by William: A quick look at the list of wealthy individuals from the middle ages, gives us William the Conqueror for someone most of us are familiar with. The wiki list is a bit vague on dollar amounts, so a little more research leads us to another article here which has this to say: 

Another match of the £400,000 figure, with a source. Later in the book(pg 72) they discussed the reasons for trusting the figures presented by this source: 

There are several websites which will discuss Easters link to the older festivals, for instance