The obvious mechanism for removal of a sitting US President is impeachment, a process covered by other excellent answers here. In short, the US House of Representatives votes on "Articles of Impeachment" against the president (by simple majority), and the US Senate holds a "trial" to examine the evidence and render a verdict. A 2/3rds majority vote is required to remove the President. 

So yes, the Boy Scouts of America has been found to meet this standard, in State, Federal, and even Supreme Court cases. They are allowed to exclude atheists and agnostics, and if they decided to, other religions. Along similar lines, what if he or she was impeached by the house, but failed to be removed/"convicted" by the Senate? Would a fresh impeachment by the House (on the same charges) be necessary? Or could a new Senate re-convene to hold new hearings on the prior impeachment, and simply re-cast their removal vote? Federal anti-discrimination laws normally prevent discrimination by organizations based on race, gender, or religion, but there are a couple of notable exceptions: Other organization, however, don't always meet the standard. The California State Supreme Court found in 1990 that the "Boys Club of America" didn't meet the standard of a "private organization", since they admitted all boys. They weren't "selective" enough. Instead, they were held to the same standard as a "business" under California law, which isn't allowed to discriminate. They are now the "Boys and Girls Club of America." (Note that this was decided based on state law, not federal, which can differ widely.) 

If a state law and a federal law create different (but not contradictory) regulations about something, how do they interact? For example, if my state's minimum wage is $9.50/hr but the federal minimum wage is $7.25/hr, what is my effective minimum wage? 

How exactly do the courts determine if a club is a bona fide private club? According to the official EEOC standards, this is based on: 

Double jeopardy is a pretty fundamental element to the US criminal justice system, but does it apply to a US President (or other impeachable official) and the trial-like impeachment proceedings in Congress? (The opposite of a "bona fide private club", by the way, is a "public accommodation", which is an organization that, though privately owned, offers services to the general public.) 

Is this a widely understood and agreed-upon question? Or is it controversial? For example, if a US president faces impeachment hearings for some offense, but fails to be impeached by the House, could he or she face a new impeachment hearing on the same charges if, say, a mid-term election changes the majority party? If state and federal law appear to contradict each other, how is that resolved? Section 1 of the 25th Amendment to the US Constitution has the relevant text: Freedom of Religion: Law and precedent clearly holds that a church (or temple/synagogue/etc.) can discriminate among potential members based on religious belief, but this is a guarantee granted by the Freedom of Religion portion of the 1st Amendment. So if you can prove to the court that your private school or club is really a church, you can discriminate.