If your child doesn't see this as a problem, I actually don't see this as a problem at all. Same thing at home. Is there a pattern to the tantrums? Is it usually over not getting to play a certain game? turning the TV off at bed time or meal time? sharing appropriately? "I know it is really a bummer that you can no longer watch TV after school, but you've shown us you aren't ready to handle turning it off when it is time to do homework, have dinner and get ready for bed, so, until we can trust you to make better decisions, we just aren't going to have it on at all. I know, its really a bummer we can't trust you not to have tantrums about it, but there it is." Jim McKieth's idea of including them in the brainstorming is a great one, if you haven't already determined rewards etc. I also don't know where you live, but in smaller towns where there isn't a lot of exposure to different races and mixed ethnicity kids, the comments on the bus, might be a pretty big clue to what is going on too. Along with your time together, incorporate some geneology. Who are her ancestors? How is she like your favorite aunt? What is one of the funniest stories about a relative from each side of the family? How does she reflect her heritage and why should she be proud of it? What kinds of stories about her anscestors will she be able to share with the baby in a few years? Just, don't make it a lecture, make it a discussion - maybe you can even construct a photo album about it as a project together. Along the way, give her some answers for those kids that will empower her and make her able to laugh at their naive, ill-informed remarks while demonstrating her confidence to those kids on the bus. I'm sure there others (I will definitely look for them) and thanks for the question. My seven-year-old daughter only ever wants to wear skirts, dresses, or sweat pants. Most of the time, this is just fine, but there are occasions when jeans or slacks are really the most appropriate item to wear (particularly field experiences and times when we will be doing activities where we get down on our hands and knees in the dirt). For those of you that may have a more urban life-style or live in a more place with more forgiving ecosystems nearby, there are outdoor activities we do that because of the type of activity, and/or the type of brush and habitat we are working in, having clothing that covers the entire leg really is necessary. She also does a lot of writing for Language Arts, history and science so it isn't as though she doesn't have ample opportunities to use her handwriting for practice because SOME of these assignments must be turned in to her teacher and then the state and in her handwriting. Obviously, there are still times when printing by hand is needed and while I am not a proponent of dropping handwriting all together, I do wonder about the necessity of cursive and extensive daily handwriting practice when typing is not a part of my daughter's curriculum. Is there something about the importance of handwriting I don't know? I am considering giving her typing instruction (using a game program) and having her do less handwriting practice to account for the time used in typing instruction. For more information read, "Parenting with Love and Logic", "How to listen so they'll talk and talk so they'll listen" and "Seven Habits of Highly Effective Families" You might also check out the Mecham Family and see if you can sign up for a workshop about control and consequence at www.schoolathomeeffectivley.com. Same goes for other chores. The "punishment must fit the crime." If you've asked him to dust the family room and he didn't do it (so you did, cuz you didn't want to nag or wait any longer), he doesn't get to use the family room. "Sorry, I know. I agree that it is really sad and we will miss you during our family movie viewing. You should be with us, but only people that help keep it clean, help to make it a mess again". Don't be sarcastic or biting at all, be genuine but make it clear that the rule still applies, "Maybe next time you'll have done your share and we'll be so glad you are back" You get the idea. My daughter wants to consider herself Christian despite the fact that I have told her time and again, she can't really make that choice until she understands a lot more about the faith as well as other belief systems. Many of her friends are Christian and so is half her family and at seven, life is all about fitting in. The methods I used with my middle school kids were to allow them to stand if they wanted to, offer fidgets, allow for noise canceling headphones when independent work was being completed, offer up hands on and active lessons (more labs than lectures - nature hikes, field trips as often as possible, dramatic presentations to illustrate a process. . . etc.) I also made sure to include a wide variety of assessment styles (presentations, writing of papers, quizzes and tests, they could write children's books or a song. . . etc. whenever possible)