here is a photo of what these gyms looked like. When in motion they seem to sparkle to me. As a static photo, not so much sparkle: How should I put all this "potion" and "revive" to use? Could it actually help me win a battle? Now is Nov. 16 at 8-pm EST. All gyms are "sparkling". And, in these gyms, none of the icons for the Pokemon that occupy the gym are being shown. What does this mean? Why is it happening? I just noticed (1) you can't purchase "potions" or "revives", (2) I have 55 and 43 respectively. By next week I'll have well over 100 of each. For sure, adding an extra guy requires 10,000 prestige. But by that math, my gym should have been 90,000 prestige. I already have 4 Raticates (one of which is powered-up to 325cp). And right now, I have 120 bits of Rattata candy to evolve even more of them. And every day I'm catching more Rattata. The appraisal did say his best attribute was HP... Before power-up: 1983-CP / 116-HP After power-up: 2750-CP / 135-HP I just powered-up my first Dragonite to 2750-CP. The IV is 82%. The appraisal says his best attribute is HP. But his new HP is only 135. My 2750-CP Gyarados has 150-HP. And a 2000-CP Arcanine has 135-HP. It is critical to know at what prestige level your Pokémon will be kicked-out of a gym so that you could launch a counter-offensive to increase prestige. How do you calculate this number? I'm gonna investigate empirically and go attack one. But, can someone explain this phenomenon? Is a 135-HP a reasonable value for 2750-CP Dragonite? Why are they called "tanky"? Some of my friends leave conquered gyms undefended because, at least where we live, gyms are un-defendable. Trying to defend just leads to a loss of potions. So, we go out on marauding missions and destroy gyms. Our calling card is that we leave it undefended (or have Pikachu be the defender). I just did this last night! :-) I've heard others do this to maybe send a message to Niantic. note My numbers could be wrong. I don't know how many revives / potions you start with. But, I do know I walk by at least 14 Pokestops every day. I've heard people complain they can't buy revive and potion. Open it and you'll see a screen that says "Sign up with". You can then select either to sign up using your Google account or make a Pokemon Club account. But the caveat is you also see how many you've let escape :-) In the event your egg really disappeared, the answer is it's lost. As indicated by Sync in the comments, lost eggs is a common problem. This is available under your Pokedex, or Pokemon Index. Yes! Beginning with the August 8th update, you can change your name once. Click the Pokeball at the bottom of your screen, choose Pokedex, then select a Pokemon: EDIT: I'm at 12 times in a row that I've only got 3 items. Really bad luck? But I've noticed something.. I seem to only get 3 items from each Pokestop every time. Whereas if I was moving around from Pokestop to Pokestop - I would have more variety, at least 4-6 items dropping every once in a while. You most likely could have got your Pokemon. Sort your Pokemon by "recent" and look for a blue glow that indicates a Pokemon is recently added. Remember it must be between 4 and 15 characters long. I would consider this a high priority issue and use the "Report High Priority Issue" button. Download the app here: iOS or Android Niantic has warned against using high value items during times of server instability.. but eggs we can't really control. Your best bet would be to contact support. Worked the same way in the predecessor of Pokémon Go, Ingress. In Ingress each faction had lore, but in Go there does not seem to be any backstory whatsoever as of yet. Be warned anywhere boasting to get you the game now(before it is available normally for you) could lead to you potentially downloading Malware on your phone or (less likely but still a possiblity) being banned from ever playing the game on your device. So just be patient, the game should be worldwide soon. Do you prefer to play for the dominant side, or would you rather play for the underdog? The only way it could work like you suggested is if the game would cache the entire map (inclusive of pokémon locations and encounter triggers) and handle this entirely client side. The game is highly likely not to work this way, as the predecessor that this game was based off of didn't either (Ingress). In addition, something like that would make the game easier to cheat as the servers would have to completely trust the client. Perhaps in the future, bonuses of some kind are given for each faction in each of these aspects. Until anything has been confirmed this is still, of course, merely conjecture. Edit2: I've been playing Pokemon GO for about 3 hours outside now, according to my Android OS it has used about ~5MB (MegaBYTE, not bit) of data. Depending on your own play style, your mileage may vary of course. Unfortunately, the game needs an active internet connection to grab new data depending on your location. Edit: Alright so there seems to be certain icons/logos for each faction that represent one of the legendary birds (Zapdos for Instinct, Articuno for Mystic, Moltres for Valor). Maybe in the future some change or patch will come that will do something with the birds.