Originally, the idea was that all teams must play every other team within a time window (I think it was 5 years) and only the most recent series against each opponent would count and be weighted equally. This was abandoned in favour of the above mentioned weighting of recent games because the cricket boards didn't want to be locked in rigidly to completing all the series that this would require. Basically teams like India, Australia, England and South Africa want to be playing each other much more often because that generates more revenue than playing against smaller countries like New Zealand or the West Indies. Particularly, everyone wants to play India as much as possible because that is where most of the money in world cricket flows from. 

Few countries play full Test Matches in Women's Cricket these days. Since 2007, there have been only 4 Women's test matches played, all being Australia playing England in the Women's Ashes. The last test played between any other nations was Netherlands vs South Africa in 2007. 

A brief list : ICC Test Matches This is not applicable to ODIs played between ICC Members and/or ICC Affliates While the Laws of Cricket state that you can declare an innings in a match of any length(ie Test or ODI or T20), ICC prohibits it. All international matches are played in accordance respective 'ICC Playing Conditions' rulebook. You can check out the Playing Conditions Books here Moreover, cricket during its early stages was not a very athletic game like what football is. Hence there was no acute need for athleticwear over options like trousers and a shirt. Cricket has its origins as a gentleman's summer sport as opposed to football which has traditionally been a working man's sport. Cricket has hence had high clothing and cricketers have been very well-dressed since its nascent beginnings. Also, it was originally played in England where it often gets quite cold to play in. By the nature of the game, there's not much continuous physical activity for the fielders so as to keep them warm (as in football). 

Both of these styles of bowling are performed by bowlers who are medium pace or fast bowlers. A swing bowler tries to deceive the batter by getting sideways movement through the air (known as 'swing' in cricket). By contrast, a seam bowler tries to get sideways movement off the pitch by landing the ball right on the seam so that it may deviate one way or the other if it hits an imperfection (such as a crack or lump) on the pitch. 

Like any spin bowler variation, the intention of a backspinner is deception. The bowler hopes the batsmen will player the ball as if it was a regular stock ball and be surprised to find it behaves differently. In the case of the backspinner, the ball will tend to land fuller than the batsmen expects and bounce off the pitch lower and quicker than they expect (hence the term 'slider', the ball 'slides' off the pitch instead of bouncing up). The reason for this has to do with some simple physics (that I won't go into) and contrasts with the usual flight of a spin bowlers delivery. Usually a regular side spinning stock ball will also be topspinning somewhat, so an offspin stock ball typically is spinning towards fine leg rather than square leg and an leg spinner towards the slips rather than point. Topspin makes the ball land shorter than it would otherwise, and causes it to grip onto the pitch bouncing slower and higher than otherwise. If the batsmen has been facing many of these stock balls from a bowler they may become used to that bounce and pace. If a bowler then bowls a backspinner they may be deceived by the fuller, lower bouncing ball. This may cause them to play over the ball and be bowled or given LBW. 

Cricket has its origins as a gentleman's summer sport as opposed to football which has traditionally been a working man's sport. Cricket has hence had high clothing and cricketers have been very well-dressed since its nascent beginnings. A brief list : ICC Test Matches Also, it was originally played in England where it often gets quite cold to play in. By the nature of the game, there's not much continuous physical activity for the fielders so as to keep them warm (as in football). 

While the Laws of Cricket state that you can declare an innings in a match of any length(ie Test or ODI or T20), ICC prohibits it. All international matches are played in accordance respective 'ICC Playing Conditions' rulebook. You can check out the Playing Conditions Books here 

Moreover, cricket during its early stages was not a very athletic game like what football is. Hence there was no acute need for athleticwear over options like trousers and a shirt. This is not applicable to ODIs played between ICC Members and/or ICC Affliates