To address the underlying question of could a 10M long drawbridge be built with 15th century technology, what you are essentially looking for is a wooden beam bridge, once in place. The book A History of Engineering in Classical and Medieval Times, By Donald Hill on page 63 in a discussion of bridges states: 

My first impression was that this looked like a Monty Python doodle pad, and it is possible that, besides just filling the margins of the document, absurdist humor may have been the intent. 

It looks like there are several versions of the 'threatening letter' sent to Qutuz. The version from the wiki about Qutuz has the following phrasing: 

This seems pretty close in meaning to the Robert the Monk entry cited in the question. 

The above from The New Statistical Account of Scotland: Inverness, Ross and Cromarty, W. Blackwood and Sons, 1845 

(google says that's £172.125 billion) Since comparing net worth is not a simple issue, the OP is asking for income figures. Digging a little deeper I was finally able to come up for some numbers on William, which show why he was considered one of the richest men in history. 

and has this figure for modern: 

So this source indicates August as the primary harvest month, even for the 'winter wheat'. {It does vary according to climate and location, but the earliest I found for winter wheat in the US, harvested under modern conditions, looks to be in May, with June-July being typical today.} 

...Besides Vitalis is so particular in the sum he mentions stating not only the pounds but even the number of farthings which William received namely £1,060 30 s 1/2d a day ...that one would suppose his information was derived from authentic records and was not founded on vague or hasty computations. 

From the above source, Concerning winter crops specifically in April: 

Concerning the actual hole through the pommel itself, it again depends on the material involved. If the material is forgeable, then punches or more specialized custom tools can be pushed through the red-hot pommel. Castable items might use molds with the penetration already included. A discussion here talks about some of these tools and techniques. 

From the Book Taxation, Revenue, Expenditure, Power, Statistics, and Debt of the Whole British Empire; Their Origin, Progress, and Present State: , published in 1833,there is a table which shows the revenue of William the Conqueror: 

If you are looking for location, the rearguard was located on the left, according to this site: 

I wouldn't attach any special significance to a glove on the tail of a creature , at least in this particular document. If you look through the volume, which is fully digitized and can be accessed here, there are many other curious, nonsensical figures with assorted bits of clothing and human features juxtaposed on creature or animal bodies. 

Apparently it was also called 'Lady Hill". Another source discusses this: 

In some cases the grips were actually hollowed out to slide over the tang, then held in place by the (peened) pommel. Other grip styles often involved rings of material slid over the tang, or leather and wire wrapped around it. Again a search will show many samples of this online. 

The Kama isn't quite what you ask for, since it is much smaller then a scythe, but this peasant tool turned martial arts weapon is arranged as you indicated with the blade mounted at ninety degrees to the handle.