My last suggestion is that if you think she's just not doing it long enough maybe a song is the answer. Such as, decide how long you think she should be rinsing, then find a song she can sing that takes about that long (or multiple repetitions of a shorter song, etc) and have her sing it out loud. This way, you can be outside the bathroom "listening" to her rinse (respecting her privacy), and it will provide her with a "timer" she can take in the tub. I found that my son, who is easily distracted, is less so if he has something to keep his mind busy while he needs to do something with his hands, and vice versa (he has something to do with his hands when he needs to mentally focus). A song might make it fun too, and anything fun is more likely to get done! 

Here's another bit to think about: If her hair is pretty clean to begin with, the shampoo will suds too much even if she IS using the right amount. If her hair isn't greasy, sweaty, or have any "debris" in it, I would suggest that maybe every other day shampooing might help. It won't suds up so much, so she won't have as much to rinse. At the very least, it will minimize her exposure to the soap preventing dandruff/dry skin/rashes that may develop from residue left behind. 

My nine year old boy constantly had soap in his hair after showering, despite being in there long enough to rinse Chewbacca (of Star Wars fame) thoroughly. We installed a hand held shower head (so he could get it right up close to his head,) and it solved the problem. This might work for you too, since your daughter will be able have enough control to rinse well and not get any water in her face. 

What does her doctor say? My 9 year old only gets 8 hours too- and not because he doesn't have the opportunity for more. He's always been a good sleeper. He never gives me any trouble about bedtime (8 pm) he just doesn't fall asleep until 9:30. He gets up at 7 am, on his own, and does well in school. My pediatrician says that as long as children have the opportunity to get enough rest (which is his way of saying that I need to make sure he gets to bed at an appropriate time) they will "take what they need." 

Sometimes the group effect can be helpful. Could you take her swimming with her cousins and explain beforehand that you are willing to hold on to her in the water the. entire. time.? Often they have so much fun splashing each other they forget to be afraid. When in the water, I hold them tightly so they feel safe and that helps. And they know they can always grab on to me at any time, any place they can reach (often around my neck!) when they get scared. I then move them around so they're on my hip or hanging off my shoulder instead! 

Of course, since you say he is waking up his brothers, do exactly what @balanced mama said and include him in the process. Just telling a child what to do, doesn't actually allow them to practice problem-solving skills or prepare them for independent adulthood. 

Ask for a hotel room with a tub since you're running out of time? 

I don't understand the problem? This is not defiance. You can't make him go to sleep any more than you can make yourself go to sleep sometimes. All you can do is request that he stay in his room quietly so as to not bother anyone else or endanger himself. To this day I read agatha christie books when I can't sleep and it helps.