According to Jean Piaget, most children do not reach the level of cognitive development that you are talking about until they're at least 11 years old or older, and from the classes I've taught I would tend to agree with Piaget. We also know that the frontal lobe of the brain, responsible for reasoning, planning, and judgement, isn't fully "connected" so to speak to the remainder of the brain until a person is somewhere between 25-30 years old (an interesting article here). While you can certainly have your son's cognitive abilities assessed, Piaget is a pretty sound source, though I believe in light of more recent research on the brain Piaget would probably revise his final level of cognitive thinking. Be that as it may, you can read through his theory and more informally assess your son's cognitive abilities. Some kids move through the stages faster than others, though I would doubt there are many 7-year-olds who could be classified in the formal operational stage. 

I don't know how old your son is, and I certainly believe it doesn't hurt to begin pushing critical thinking as much as possible at as young an age as is practical. D. Alan Bensley wrote an article about teaching critical thinking in college psychology, and he came to an interesting conclusion that professors/teachers/parents/etc. had been really going about teaching critical thinking skills all wrong because they were just so obvious to those of us who had all ready achieved CT skills. We assume that by modeling critical thinking or challenging our students/children with more difficult work or throwing them into a debate that they will learn critical thinking skills in a more or less organic manner, but really we need to be teaching critical thinking skills very explicitly. While you might not think that an article written for psychology professors could be of any use to you, he offers some good suggestions on techniques for teaching and encouraging critical thinking that I think you could modify to use with your son regardless of his age or his level of cognitive development such as: 

Cognitive Social Emotional (sometimes this is combined with #2) Physical (which includes mobility but mostly fine and gross motor skills in general) Visual Aural Oral (This doesn't just include language, but also eating and the ability to properly manipulate the mouth/tongue which will influence language development) Technically, 5 and 6 aren't true milestones, but from my own experience I truly believe that these two things are important enough to warrant a separate point. Before we got C's new RGP lenses, she was starting to get well behind on her development, but as soon as we changed she began hitting milestones like crazy and is completely caught up. The same is true with her language development. We had a really hard time with ear infections for a few months, and a couple of weeks after we had tubes put in her vocabulary just exploded. I can't prove that the tubes were the primary reason for that...it might just be that she was due for a vocab explosion anyway, but I don't believe it's a coincidence. I've listed a couple of websites below with some good general milestones (but it seems like every website has a different list). 

However, if her mother is continually complaining about your imaginative interaction, I would also be concerned that normal, healthy play would be interpreted by your spouse as an abnormal development "caused" by your actions. Instead of allowing your daughter to play without concern or interference, she'll forbid or criticize it. Look into ways to resolve the difference between you and your spouse so that conflict can be avoided. 

Children learn how to do things by imitating, so much of this is simple curiosity. ("How does the milk go in the bottle? Does it happen the same way every time? WOW.") But toddlers also start to realize they are independent and have some control over their world. 

If you do have a official diagnosis of ADHD, then it's possible to put together an individualized education plan (IEP) that allows for longer time on tests, a quiet room to take them, or things like that. That isn't predicated on the child being medicated or not. (The terminology is almost certainly different in countries besides the US, incidentally.) So far I don't have one in place because we've had a lot more success establishing an "informal" IEP by being very involved with his teachers. 

Not Paying Attention? Improve Listening Skills in ADHD Children at Home and School http://www.additudemag.com/adhd/article/5934-2.html (classroom) http://www.additudemag.com/adhd/article/5934-3.html (home) 

Edited to add: I'm also realizing (from other comments and from considering my toddler's behavior) that part of it is imitating parenting. For example, if you tell him, "Let's go into this room," do you look to see that he's following? He's decided that's an expected part of the process, and therefore watches you! Earlier this afternoon I was filling a sippy cup for my son, and he said "Oh, good job, mommy," (the same inflection I use towards him!) and patted me on the shoulder when I handed him the cup. 

Concentrate on positive statements and praise. Kids with attention problems get used to constantly being told that they are bad at paying attention. Since they really are trying and just can't do as well as expected, this can lead to a lot of self-blame and low self-esteem. Finding opportunities to praise even the littlest successes -- once we learned about this strategy, I can't say it's completely turned my son's life around, but his bouts of crying over how he's "stupid" and "the worst" and "can't do anything right" have significantly decreased. 

Parenting a Child with AD/HD http://www.help4adhd.org/en/living/parenting/WWK2 

In your comment, you asked about whether it's possible for talking to the bear too frequently to be problematic. This is rather harder to answer and I have to rely on my opinion rather than research (I haven't read about this, really). However, I believe there are some ways of interacting with a toy that could model "unhealthy" imaginative play: 

Research suggests that regular exercise can help with some ADHD symptoms. Encourage physical activity, whether that is through organized sports or activities, or just running around the backyard or a playground. (It also is good for general physical health, so why not?) 

The resources below are geared towards ADHD or ADD, but I'll repeat that I think they're useful regardless of diagnosis. Whether she's got ADHD or she's just bored by the simplicity of the work being assigned, it can't hurt to try a variety of methods to help her focus more!