Also, in both languages, raising the post-verbal that/que clause into subject position cf. That they hate each other seems and Que se odian parece, respectively, leads to ungrammaticality. The reason, however, has nothing to do with the raising of the clause itself, which is allowed when the predicate is 'heavier', as in That they hate each other seems evident/Que se odian parece evidente; what blocks the promotion of the clause to subject position in such circumstances is the 'lightness' of the predicates seem and parecer, i.e., that constraint is a matter of not leaving an informationally 'light predicate' like seems or parece in the VP Focus (= default end-focus) position, which, by definition, must add informationally 'substantial' content. 

Its precise syntactic category, however, has proven more difficult to establish. Since "to" can precede auxiliary "have" and "be", it has been considered similar to modal verbs, which also select bare VPs and precede such auxiliaries, and since it licenses VP ellipsis just as modal verbs do (cf. "They asked me to give a talk, but this time I prefer not to [give a talk]"), it has actually been occasionally argued to be a 'modal verb', but, of course, its being uninflectable makes that 'verbal' hypothesis improbable, and the fact that when the infinitival clause is negative negation must precede "to" definitely discards that analysis as untenable. 

As promised above, then, your interesting question has a straightforward answer: granted P&P theory (or its subsequent minimalist versions), no stipulation is needed to explain why your 3b and 4b are impossible in English; their ill-formedness follows directly from general principles of the theory, as should always happen in science, including scientific linguistics. 

That was only the beginning of the ‘split-INFL’ analysis, though. At about the same time or soon afterwards, evidence was offered that certain languages had not only subject, but also object agreement, and, for parallel reasons, the Infl 'segment' of the sentential projection quickly gained an 'object-AGR(eement)' node. Also, from about 1989 on, the sheer internal logic of late P&P Theory gradually led to the establishment of many other such 'functional' heads inside the 'core sentence', both within the 'INFL'/AUX area (e.g., 'polarity' and several 'modality'-related heads) and above it, in the area traditionally associated with Joan Bresnan's (1972) Complementizer and the expression of a sentence's 'illocutionary' features. 

The cases containing as Pred-Ps, like your 3a-b and 4a-b, however, are a completely different story: since the as Pred Phrases contain the one-place adjectival predicates excessive and farfetched and these, as stated above, assign a thematic role that must be satisfied by an AP-internal argument, P&P theory would predict them to be ungrammatical unless we claim that that indispensable argument is satisfied by a phonetically null category, but which? Of course, it cannot be a trace of His candour or Her ideas, for reasons already explained in paragraph 8 above, so the only alternative is a PRO controlled by the DP subjects. 

Although ontologists as austere as Quine (or the less austere, but still austere Davidson) may not be in business any more, I suspect, not even the most extravagant contemporary philosophical ontologist would subscribe to the kind of ontology that a Cinquean theory of Language would call for if his syntactic categories were to be invested with credible semantic/ontological content. Hence, although the empirical evidence that has been brought to bear by Cinque and his followers on the existence of such extremely articulated and scope-wise rigid hierarchies inside both the clause and the DP is impressive, all that - in itself excellent - work will have to remain empirically adequate (i.e., predictive enough) perhaps, but merely stipulative, ontologically/semantically vacuous, and unable to really 'explain' anything, at least until linguists decide to investigate intra-linguistic ontology (as opposed to extra-linguistic ontology) in depth. 

However, this 'elegant' argument of Chomsky's has always made me uneasy, because I cannot help asking myself two very naïve questions: 

Correspondingly, at the semantic level, wife, daughter, to, kitchen, party, etc. are not 'arguments' of their respective '(maximally unsaturated) predicates' has/told, clean and after, either, and calling them 'arguments', and assigning 'semantic roles' to them will require massive adjustments in semantic theory and its associated ontology. Just think of the fact that arguments (in the sense we are using the term now) must be referential, i.e., their names must denote (first-order) entities, whereas, of course, wife, daughter, kitchen, party, etc. do not denote individuals at all. 

[Of course, the reason why some speakers found example (7) more acceptable than the others probably is that, in (7), the clause to marry again need not be interpreted as the third argument of persuade; it can also be understood as an adjunct of 'purpose', and, if so, persuade remains a dyadic predicate.] 

In sum, depending on the character and aims of your (or your teacher's) favourite theory of 'roles', yesterday and for a long time will indeed have the 'roles' of Time and Duration, or not, but even if that theory says that only participant arguments of the main verb can receive 'roles', it will still have to distinguish between 'adjuncts', and adding to the general syntactic term 'adjunct' notional labels like 'of Time' or 'of Duration' is still probably the commonest and easiest way to do so. 

(8) I need persuading __ of the truth of such a claim (...to be/being persuaded...) 

In his March 2014 MIT lectures, Chomsky continues to claim that 'internal Merge', which yields the traditionally problematic 'displacement' property, is, in fact, the simplest and most economical structure-building operation possible, since it minimises 'search'. Of course, the latter observation is true to the extent that the 'target' of 'internal Merge' is locally available in a limited domain of the computational system's 'working space' (a previously built syntactic object {X, Y} that functions as the current active 'locus' of the computational operations), whereas in the case of 'external Merge' the 'target' must be searched for, at best in the whole 'working area', or even worse, in the whole of the speaker's lexicon, if initial one-step lexical insertion via 'numerations'/'lexical arrays' is considered stipulative and dispensed with.