I've had similar questions over the years, and did some research on this. Let me admit, though, my interest comes from a different angle. I was originally thinking why didn't the USSR invade Turkey somewhere around 1939 - 1941? So to sum up: Invading Turkey could only be realistically considered if Germany could somehow do it "one at a time" like they did with Czechoslovakia and Poland. Even then it would have cost a lot of casualities and time. By 1940, the gig was up and Britain was at war with Germany. Preferably, invade the valleys around Adana and Iskendrun to get access to the relatively flat lands on the Syrian Border. This will cut off access routes. Remember, Syria became part of Vichy France but then was retaken by the allies in summer of 1941, along with Iraq right before it. 

Fight your way in along the railways. Set up army bases and airbases along the railways. Even if the railways are one lane only, I believe this is feasible. I'm pretty sure the Russian Civil War, at least, saw some heavy fighting on single-lane tracks with armored train cars. Another matter is sabatoge (blowing up tracks or trains). From what I've read, however, track can be repaired in less than a day when you're prepared for it (bring repair equipment on your train), and clearing a wreck takes maybe a day too. I believe Russian practice in WW2 was to put a dummy car at the front of a train to take the brunt of any mines anyway. 

Edit: Another way of going about this is, how much of the Wermacht was occupying West Poland and Czechoslovakia at this time? Turkey was a neutral supplier of Chrome and historically had good relations with Germany (like in WW1). Keep in mind that Spain, Portugal, and Sweden were also neutral suppliers of critical materials. If Germany invaded Turkey, those others would get pretty nervous and may have more incentive to join the Allies. Turkey's area is about 783 thousand square kilometers (303 thousand square miles). This would actually be the 2nd largest country in Europe, if you considered all of Turkey to be part of Europe. (The largest, of course, is Russia---even if you only consider EuroRussia.) Russia was the bigger threat---much, much bigger---and conquering it would give Germany a lot more than Chrome. In fact, we should look at the order of conquest that Hitler did, or tried to do: Poland, Denmark and Norway, France and Benelux, Britain, Southeast Europe, Russia, The End. Most of those were real threats. Turkey was not a threat. The even more important issue were the people. FDR understood that the war will be a hard fought all-out effort. He had to make sure that the people will keep morale high and not think "we provoked the war ourselves, it's our own fault, let's settle". 

The reason Waffen-SS had good reputation is that they were supplied better than the Heer - both in men and materiel - especially at the end of the war, when they became more numerous and the regular divisions were bled white (see above). The communications between national leaders are normally conducted through the embassies. I.e., Churchill would send a Typex-encrypted telegram to the British Embassy in Washington, DC, it is decrypted there, and delivered in person to the White House. Similarly, Roosevelt would send a SIGABA-encrypted message to the US Embassy in London, it is decrypted there and delivered in person to Number 10. (Cold War required faster decision making, necessitating Moscow-Washington hotline). 

Did the Emperor act unilaterally to set policy or did he reflect a consensus? The exact number is unknown and will remain unknown. We're talking about social sciences numbers here. A possible explanation: Supposedly some Allied military travel papers were stamped TOGIB rather than TO GIB (to Gibraltar) to indicate that the soldier was involved in classified missions. Wikipedia says so, and I seemed to remeber that Holt mentioned it in The Deceivers, but it isn't in the index. 

Edited in response to Schwern's comments: None of those really changed with Hiroshima, or Nagasaki, or the Soviet invasion of Manchuria. August 15th was just as hopeless as August 1st. In 1953 West Germany entered the London Agreement on German External Debts. Communist countries were not included in the agreement. In his answer, Schwern makes an excellent point to explain why Japan was in a hopeless situation and why Japan should have surrendered. He also points to some of the factors which worked against a surrender.