name: anown - Greek/Phrygian onoma The Thracians and their language, Contains information on Thracian and Dacian, inscriptions and their phonology PIE > Thr.Dac., retreived 2017-01-08 I will first answer to the title of the question, namely "What is the substrate of Romanian language". lake: liç - Hittite lulis, Greek limne Now you might be interested also on this speech by Charles de Lamberterie (Sorbonne). He speaks about the place of the Armenian language in the Indo-European language family. Orel, Vladimir Ė. A concise historical grammar of the Albanian language: reconstruction of Proto-Albanian. Brill, 2000. Maria Iliescu, Rumänisch-friaulische Substratworter, in Günter Holtus, Edgar Radtke eds. Rumänistik in der Diskussion, Gunter Narr Verlag, Tübingen, 1986 in: i - Proto-Germanic *in, Greek en and so on... bear: arj - Greek arktos, Hittite hartaggas Now, if we turn to the substrate layer of Romanian, that is to say non-Latin words, that predate the latin adoption and that are not loans (Greek) nor an adstrate (Slavic, Greek), then we end up to what we suppose to be Dacian. There is a long list of such words and suprisingly many of them have Albanian cognates e.g. Rom abur ~ Alb. avull 'stream, vapour', Rom. burtă ~ Alb. bark 'belly', Rom. cetină Ãlb. cetinë 'pine tree', Rom. iască ~ Alb. eshkë 'fungus', Rom. măgură ~ Alb. gamule 'heap, mound', Rom. cătun ~ Alb. katund 'village', Rom. mal 'shore, bank' ~ Alb. mal 'mountain', Rom. mînz ~ Alb. mëz 'foal', Rom. murg 'brown' ~ Alb. murg 'black', Rom. negură ~ Alb. njegull 'fog, mist', Rom. pîrîu ~ Alb. përrua 'brook, riverbed', Rom. rață ~ Alb. rose 'duck', Rom. strungă ~ Alb. shtrungë 'enclosure for milking', Rom. tină ~ Alb. tinë 'slime, mid', Rom. vatră ~ Alb. vatër 'hearth', Rom. zgău ~ Alb. zgurdhe 'rectum'. Primarily, I would like to use the tool to find out which of the scripts or writing systems compared make it possible to represent a given [set of] language[s] in writing more unambiguously, especially, though not exclusively, with respect to phonetics and phonology. Fortunately, the body of information concerning sound laws and developments is constantly growing on both Wikipedia and Wiktionary - you might want to try these articles for starters: Hence, a string of two syllabograms such as <KA> and <RA> could, in theory, represent the following phonotactically permissible (though not necessarily attested) combinations (note that M stands for any of /m, n, s/ medially, and /m, n, r, l, s/ finally): I have encountered the notion of "word ageing". Lexemes (unless and until replaced through internal or external innovation) grow older and older, and with time they tend to (1) acquire some additional meanings (increase in polysemy) and (2) lose morphological transparency (phonological erosion). By the way, there used to be a free on-line source that is now hidden behind the paywalls. If your institution has access, though, you can check it out here. Note, however, that the Leiden school of linguistics may differ from the mainstream in some points. What if we, however, unlike in the mainstream Mycenaean Greek reading, but like the fringe (pseudo-)Proto-Slavic reading, (1.) interpreted the vertical stroke not as a word delimiter, but a consonantal wildcard - one that is capable of representing up to a dozen different consonants. (2.) Consequently, word boundaries could be placed anywere in the string, between any two syllabograms. (3.) In addition to that, consonant clusters could no longer be resolved by means of consecutive rhyming syllabograms, and (4.) neither sonorants nor /s/ could be thought of in syllable codas. I think you can find a fairly reliable (more reliable than the Ethnologue, I would say) and pretty much consensual (meaning that even long-rangers would not object to it other than go much further in their speculations, hypothesizing deeper links between them) information in the Glottolog catalogue, as its authors generally tend to avoid controversial classifications that have not gained wider acceptance yet. It does not mean that at least some of the families and isolates are not related, but their relationship may be too deep to ever discover, or the research carried out so far has not met methodological standards, or, perhaps, no particular research into their relationship has been carried out yet. Also, it doesn’t seem to be common for languages to just appear out of thin air (the only examples that I know of of this apparently happening are sign languages, such as Nicaraguan Sign Language). I would guess it's just an areal feature within the Indic languages, but I don't know very well. Dravidic languages generally don't distinguish between aspirated and unaspirated series of consonants in their native vocabulary (although they may in vocabulary taken from Indic languages), so it seems unlikely to me to have arisen from Dravidic influence. My guess is that the /g/ is due to some kind of analogical leveling under the influence of the past-tense and past-participle forms, which have back vowels and therefore wouldn't have regularly developed a palatal consonant. Is this thought to be correct? If so, I'm curious about if we have any evidence of the date of this, and if the word is ever thought to have had /y/, or if the spellings with "y" are likely just ways of representing /i/ after a velar consonant (or mere unconditioned variants of the spelling with "i" used by scribes who had lost the phonemic distinction between /i/ and /y/). I don't see any real phonetic basis for rounding this vowel, unlike in "busy" (< PG *bisig-) where there is at least an adjecent labial vowel, but perhaps the "u" of the past participle and some past tense forms provided an analogical basis. However, in some cases, el apparently became the diphthong eu (Modern French /ø/). So why does Modern English have /g/ at the start of the second syllable of "begin," which the OED says is from Proto-Germanic *ginnan?