That means it is properly sealed and you can consider it clean, from outside. If you broke two fasts, you have to observe 60*2 = 120 fasts. The first 60 fast will be continous and the second 60 fasts would be continuous. I had a similar situation where I would take extra care in shower where the water drop from body would fall back in bucket, making the bucket water unclean. Although i never asked question about it, I realized finally, it is OK. The water is still clean. So in this I would say do not bother. I believe your Wadu and Ghusal are ok. You do not need to worry about it. You said It is very easy to detect bad smell if something is Najs (dirty). I think in your case, there is no bad smell that means, it is clean. source 2: I heard this originally from Imam in the mosque. When he said this, there was a roar in the crowd because people were not expecting it and thought this was excessive (ad probably he made up himself). But I found an online link and therefor posted it as answer. If you break fast intentionally in Ramadan without any excuse, you have to keep 2 months of fasting continuously to make up for one fast. Note the two conditions: 60 days fasting and continuously for one fast. Perhaps you can explain in a comment whether this is a fair rephrasing of the point: "should legal and theological developments after the first few generations of Muslims be ignored as genuinely being Islam?" If that is your question, then the answer is that the Non-Muslim does not believe Islam to be of divine origin, and the question of "true Islam" is a matter of historical expression, not a matter of present imperatives. You will find that historically, Islam has changed and been expressed very differently in different times and places. One very specific question is that of the Quran being created or not created, where (I think) ibn Hanbal initially said "I don't know", and later fervently stood for "not created". Later developments in aqidah would discuss many issues where initially many opinions existed that would now be considered kufr. If by "Islamic" you mean something other than "acceptable part of the religion of Islam", then please explain in a comment. Apart from this, I am not aware of any reason why a Non-Muslim could not in principle reach a level of knowledge about Islam that would mean he would be recognized as being capable of performing ijtihad if he were Muslim. Learning the relevant disciplines is not a matter of being convinced that the results those disciplines produce are divine commandments and teachings, it is only a matter of acquiring a body of knowledge. If by "Islamic" you mean "acceptable part of the religion of Islam", then starting from the very fundamental doctrines - al-Ghazali says they are these: belief in Allah, belief that Muhammad was his Messenger and truthful in everything, and belief in yawm al-qiyamah - it seems it follows straightforwardly that if you accept these three points, and accept that the Quran really is the literal word of Allah (as the second of those three points implies), Muslim and Non-Muslim go about it the same way: find what the authorities (i.e. the scholars) say, and see which opinions survive in their discourse. To explain by example: if you want to know whether a claim is scientific, you check whether the experts of the relevant fields of science say about it, and what they think of the evidence presented in favor of the claim -- that's if you are not trained in the relevant field and methods, if you are trained then assessing it yourself and cross-checking with what other experts say is more immediate and provides a better picture. I see no problem in approaching this as a Non-Muslim with the same attitude as an Islamic scholar would when it comes to questions about "what does Islam say on this or that matter". As I said in my second paragraph, one does not have to be convinced that a teaching or ruling is true or has authority in order to understand whether the teaching or ruling follows from the accepted sources via accepted methods. I think it is pretty clear in the article pointed by Mr. Dinar the actual meaning of the word "Shukr" or the actual "thank". The above actual "thanks" is what that can be inferred from Qur'an 31:14 and also from the Hadith in the article i.e. thanking, can be either done by doing something useful to the one who helped you, or simply making Du'a (may Allah grant you good things) for the person who helped you. (Still even in this way you're doing something useful to the one who helped you). I don't see how today's definition of simply writing the word or saying "Thanks" would even come closer to the actual "Thanks". Actual (and rather useful) thanks: do something useful to the one who helped you. The literal word used in the Qur'an for "Thank" is "Ashkur" nothing but "Shukran" or the like. It doesn't matter whether you use the word "Jazakallah Khair" or "Shukran" or "thanks", unless you do something useful to the person who helped you. So, instead the one who helped you prefers something useful in return from you. So, simply using the modern "thanks" to please him would do him no good to please him in reality unless you specify, that you did something useful for him, i.e. by specifying that you prayed for him, i.e. by saying "Jazakallah Khair" (May Allah reward you with good things). After listening, to this, a person / believer / who is aware of what "Jazakallah Khair" means and it's importance would be glad to hear this than a modern "thanks".