If he is but a man who has fabricated a lie on God and we are not believers to him. And if you are in doubt regarding what we have sent down to our servant then come up with a sura like it and call upon your witnesses other than God if you are honest. Thus if you do not, and surely you cannot, then be mindful of the fire whose fuel are people and stones [which is] promised for disbelievers. That said, claiming that a part of Quran has been removed or changed needs a very strong support from other sources. Generally, Quran is considered the most authentic source in Islam and there are strong hadith from the prophet that said if someone narrates a hadith which is not consistent with Quran then throw that hadith away. There might be hadith similar to the one that you have mentioned but AFAIR there are also very strong hadith that say Quran has not changed. PS: Ontology of Quranic Concepts doesn't seem to be complete and there are some words which are not in the graph in general but it is a good source to check. I think this is a weak argument. The argument is based on a particular interpretation of the verse (to be fair, I should state that this interpretation is a very popular one, probably the most popular one among scholars). There are verses in Quran that implies that if even prophet (let alone Muslims) do not follow God's orders God may take away Quran (verse 17:86 in conjunction with other verses warning the prophet not to diverge from God's path, these are hypothetical verses and we don't believe they happened, my point is in the hypothetical case that they did then there would be such consequences and similar consequences may follow if Muslims diverge from God's path). So it seems reasonable that if Muslims did not follow God's orders he may take away it from them. In short, we have a very high confidence that Quran we have today is very close to what was revealed to the prophet. Quran is a great gift that God gave to Muslims. Like other gifts God may take it away if Muslims don't understand its value and perform their duty, don't follow his orders, or diverge from his path. It is the responsibility of Muslims to perform their duty and preserve Quran as it is given to them. Note that Quran doesn't refer to "people of the books" but uses the singular "the book". From Quran's perspective there seems to be one book in this regard. For example, in verse 2:113 it is said that Jews and Christians read "the book". There are many similar verses where it is said that Jews/Christians read the book (verse 2:44). It is also stated that Moses was given the book (verse 2:53). Quran also seems to refer to itself as the book in several places e.g. verse 2:2. Theological/Philosophical arguments I personally find these arguments regarding Quran has not been changed because of the verse mentioned in the other answers rather weak. The argument is that that verse 15:9 states that God protects Quran in a very particular sense, i.e. that Quran as a book among Muslims will be as it was revealed during prophet's time (independent of what Muslims do and whether they keep following his will and orders). So the arguments claim that to prove that Quran is exactly as it was revealed we only need to prove the authenticity of one verse. The authenticity of that verse is then established using historical arguments. (The authenticity of that verse itself needs to be confirmed through some other external way and cannot be based on itself, that would presuppose what is to be argued for and would be circular.) The claim that Mohammad (PBUH) made up Quran by himself was made even during his time, and it is mentioned in Quran. It is not a new claim, according to Quran this was used also against previous prophets. E.g. in verse 23:38 it states that previous nations made the same claim against their prophets: However, Muslims generally believe that canonization was done correctly. Sunni because of their belief in the four Caliphs, and Shia because of confirmation by Ali (PBUH) and Imams (descending from him). Also many of the prophet's close companions were alive and present when Quran was compiled and canonized and it was done under supervision of two of most famous memorizers of Quran. Any major/significant/important diversions would have been strongly objected to by at least some of them and would been noted in history. (There are some Shia that believe that Ali's (PBUH) version had differences because of some hadith attributed to him, but that is not a popular view among Shia scholars. Ali (PBUH) was the forth Caliph and we don't have any historical evidence that he tried to change the official version of Quran canonized during the third Caliph's reign.)