The actual text of the Quam Singulari Decree can be found here. The section in which seven year-olds are mentioned reads as follows (emphasis mine): 

So, in short, could someone post a general format something like: In general, the "rest of Christianity and the rest of the world" may agree with all of the points, but still say that the "Baptist Church" "originated" at the time the name was applied. Which, also, is true, from a certain point of view. (And in my head, all I can hear is Luke asking incredulously, "a certain point of view?") All other controversial materials aside, as I read this article about Raymond Burke, I'm curious about this line, and this line only (emphasis mine): 

Based on this, it appears that the age of seven is a common age, but not one that is dictated. Historically, however, for how the other Popes that have retired.... 

It reminds me of what a wise Jedi once said to a young one who had just discovered that some of the things he thought were true weren't necessarily as he thought "You will find that a lot of the truths we cling to depend greatly on your own point of view." Yes, I know Star Wars isn't Christianity, but the saying is applicable regardless. 

In the Catholic Church, however, it seems to be much less flexible. I do not mean this to be disrespectful, but it seems that everyone knows when to stand, when to kneel, when to sit, and there's usually a time when the Priest says one thing and everyone else responds in unison. ("Peace be with you" - "and also with you" being the easiest to remember.) I get the impression that this part of the service is the same week after week. 

Whether the Existence of God Is Self-Evident? One last thing before the actual question, I really am interested in how this is handled in other denominations, but I don't want to turn this into a "list" question. And I don't want to re-post the same question over and over naming different denominations in each. So I'm going to focus on one Church with a central authority and a well-defined structure that interests me, and ask about them. 

The Third Commandment that ordered the Jews to keep Saturday holy is a typical case of a positive law abrogated and replaced by another by the Christian Church. So in the First Commandment we must distinguish the clauses — "Thou shalt not have strange gods before me", "Thou shall not adore them nor serve them" — which are eternal natural law (prohibitum quia malum), from the clause: "Thou shalt not make to thyself any graven image", etc. In whatever sense the archaeologist may understand this, it is clearly not natural law, nor can anyone prove the inherent wickedness of making a graven thing; therefore it is Divine positive law (malum quia prohibitum) of the Old Dispensation that no more applies to Christians than the law of marrying one's brother's widow. 

Religious worship is not directed to images in themselves, considered as mere things, but under their distinctive aspect as images leading us on to God incarnate. the movement toward the image does not terminate in it as image, but tends toward that whose image it is. The homosexuals are not being specially persecuted: single heterosexual people are under the same guidance to abstain while single (we all know how hard that can be ...) and married couples whose marriage is not valid (per Canon Law) are given the same guidance. Does it mean that God dwells inside the church in some special sense (Aside from the Eucharistic presence in the tabernacle)? The actual text of the Quam Singulari Decree can be found here. The section in which seven year-olds are mentioned reads as follows (emphasis mine): So, in short, could someone post a general format something like: The Catholic Church also seems to have a very set format, and it doesn't seem to vary much, but that's probably an outsider's perception. I'm interested to know what the standard format it, and also, what things are the same every week, and were there is variation. 

This is prompted by this article, which states: Paraphrasing, God saved her pre-emptively, preventing (or perhaps keeping/preserving) her from sinning in the first place, something no human could do without God's protective saving power. In other words, in Catholic doctrine, she was sinless, but only through the Grace of God. Without the Grace of God and His keeping power, she could not have remained sinless. So, in summary, this isn't something that is going to be universally agreed on. The best you can hope for is that people say "Yeah, I can see how you came up with that, but..." regardless of which side of this issue you stand on. In the Catholic Church, however, it seems to be much less flexible. I do not mean this to be disrespectful, but it seems that everyone knows when to stand, when to kneel, when to sit, and there's usually a time when the Priest says one thing and everyone else responds in unison. ("Peace be with you" - "and also with you" being the easiest to remember.) I get the impression that this part of the service is the same week after week.