“Two kinds of dead meat and two kinds of blood have been permitted to us. The two kinds of dead meat are fish and locusts, and the two kinds of blood are the liver and spleen.” [ Narrated in Sunan Ibn Majah ] This means part of the Tayyibat and not the Khabaith, a similitude of this is that Allah might have excused them from the Sabbath or from not eating fat, camels or mixing milk with meat ... but He wouldn't have allowed them to worship false gods or to steal, murder and rape etc. Animals which evoke repulsion and consume filth and impurities are haram. These include insects, scavengers, rodents, reptiles etc. Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) forbade the eating of donkey-meat. Predatory animals are haram. Hanafis include Elephants in this as they use their tusks to attack. This choice can be restricted by an obligation that arises out of some other matter, such obligations can be for example the command of a Ruler, the command of a Parent, a Vow, a Promise or a Contract. If such an obligation restricts you from a permissible act, that permissible act does not itself become inherently haram ... but breaking the obligation is unlawful and haram. Donkeys are haram. The Hanafis and Malikis take Horses to be Makruh, the Shafis consider them halal. And Allah says about this shariah: Tafsir Qurtubi on 6:145 writes: There is consensus that the entirety of a pig is haram1. The one who is an open fornicator or indulged in other immoral acts, and then marries a woman from a respectable house by deceiving them ... then they have the right, if they wish they can stay with him, and if they wish they can enforce seperation between them. Islam only allows marriage to a Muslim, a Jew or a Christian. A group says: This verse is in effect. Their Ulema say that one who commits Zina, his Nikah with his wife is annuled, and when a woman commits Zina her Nikah with the husband is annuled. Some of them said, it is not automatically invalidated but the husband will be told to give divorce to the wife and it will be sinful for him to continue. And that it is not permitted to Marry a fornicator or fornicatoress unless repentance is visible, and then marriage is permitted. In the shariah given to Jesus, some prohibitions on the Israelites were relaxed. This is proven in the Quran: ... And [lawful in marriage are] chaste women from among the believers ... Sahih Bukhari, Book of Slaughter and Hunting Quran 31:14 And We have enjoined upon man [care] for his parents. His mother carried him, [increasing her] in weakness upon weakness, and his weaning is in two years. Be grateful to Me and to your parents; to Me is the [final] destination. In my understanding, your parents are blackmailing you into staying with them by making Islam and Allah's displeasure an excuse. On the contrary: In a muslim country, the meat in front of you will be halal by default, unless you've personally verified that it didn't meet one of the criterion or have a reliable testimony of that. Predatory birds which hunt with talons are haram. Going with the sleep analogy, you can vow to not sleep until you've done something, a commanding officer can order you to not sleep and keep watch, a parent can order you to not sleep, you can decide to offer a neighbour or room-mate to not sleep for a consideration, you can promise your wife that you will not fall asleep. In each of these cases, an obligation would be imposed on you to exercise your choice and not sleep. None of these make sleep itself inherently unlawful ... though breaking the obligation would be unlawful.