If opponent bets the pot when the board pairs do you release? I feel like that would make the bot exploitable. About all I can think is call a large bet (more than the pot) like 1/3 the time and keep track of how often opponents bluff and adjust from there. Right now bots are slow playing a flush or straight on flop or turn 2/3 of the time as long as the board is not paired. An aggressive pot size raise to price out draws. You could have strait and flush draw on 15 outs. That is protecting and is the proper play. Certainly a hand to call with from the blinds. Raise with 78s is where it gets expensive but that is also a spot were you can make some relatively safe money. If you are just going to call with 78s then you need to do that with some of your premium hands also. How could either have played better? I actually like the pre flop open. Play TT+ and AKs like that so they don't put you on on AA or KK when you do that. On JJ I know I am likely behind but it can actually be loser. That pre flop re-raise was not just bad money it ranged you. You should have only done that with like KK or AA but still no way villain puts you on 99 or TT. If had just called that is a very scary board to the villain because now 99, TT, and JJ are in your range. It is a great flop for you - you have 6 outs and fold equity. Bet 1/2 the pot on the flop and it still cost you less than the pre flop re-raise that did zero for you. On the turn you pick up 4 more outs for a total of 10 and you pick up more fold equity. I fire 1/2 the pot again. No way a sane AA or KK pushes as you have shown too much strength on an even a more scary board. Say river is a blank it would take balls to fire again. But you can fire 1/4 the pot on any scare card - 6,7,8,9,T,J,Q,K like you want a call. At best you will get called and you still have like 12.8 behind. If you hit any of your 10 outs then push (you have like 17.2 behind in a pot of 17.6). It can look like bluff and you might get looked up. As scary as it is I think you have a positive EV on that flop if you just call pre flop. For sure I think you have a positive EV when you improve on the turn.