tl; dr - encirclement creates a mobility advantage for the encircling forces. Ultimately encirclement permits the encircling commander to choose the location, time, conditions, and duration. The defending/encircled force has no options. Please read Roman Tax Farming. The best strategy for the governor is to appoint the wealthy landlord as the tax farmer, and authorize the tax farmer to take whatever actions are necessary to collect the required tax. aside: I haven't actually double checked this against the reign of Hadrian; someone more skilled in Roman history could potentially serve me up.... Why keep receipts and records at all? Competition between publicani was fierce, and those who kept records tended to be more efficient. They didn't fear audits or embezzlement - those concepts were meaningless. Every other Roman citizen is bound in a fairly strong social context; they're a member of a family, a tribe, and a gens. Furthermore most Romans were a member of some kind of a patron-client relationship. I suppose one could argue that they had "freedom from want", because of the grain dole, but I would have trouble making that argument with a straight face. The governor set a tax level for the province - I want a million sesterces this year. You go get it. The publicani could write a check for a million sesterces, or he could go out and shake down all left handed red haired me, or whatever he wanted. Note that the Publicani was expected to make a profit - if the Publicani needed to collect a million sesterces, then it was legitimate to collect a million and ten thousand and call that a profit. Under this system embezzlement was fundamentally impossible. Aside: there was a limit - publicani competed for the privilege, and the candidate with the slimmest margin was theoretically selected. Remember that by law the governor was immune to prosecution during his term of office. The one time that a governor was prosecuted after his term of office, his defense lawyer had him acquitted on the basis (rough summary)"Each of you would have done the same; it cannot be corruption if it is common practice" Update: Mr. Goldberg raises another interesting edge case (apart from women and urban tribes). What about Romans travelling abroad? This is a slightly different set of questions. 1) How do Foreign governments determine whether someone is a Roman citizen? 2) How do Romans determine if someone is a Roman citizen. The Roman Republic: A Very Short Introduction So why do I say that there were detectives? When all offenses are civil, you sometimes need to know who is stealing from your building site, or dumping toxic waste in your garden, or whatever. Patrons would have asked their clients to help in such situations, and clients would have hopped to to satisfy the demands of their patrons. They weren't professional detectives, but they were seeking the answers to mysteries on behalf of their "employers". I think @FelixGoldberg has the core of it; the source is not reliable or useful. Somewhere in one of Asimov's robot novels he has a comment about reasoning based on flawed sources & assumptions, and I think the wikipedia quote in question falls into that category. The gens originally held a governance function, then that governance function was absorbed into Roman governance. After the Imperial period, the functions were no longer relevant. There was no reason to maintain the lineage, and the "notable families" bred back into the general populace. Economics is generally dated to the Wealth of Nations in 1776 (arguably mercantilism was a precursor economics, but that's another beer & pretzels discussion.) I think the question relies on modern assumptions. Roman citizens would never have needed to prove their identity. Set aside for the moment the urban tribes - they're really just a special case. - and let's set aside women, because that is probably a book length answer. During the Imperial period, Roman citizens had the "freedom" of being part of the institution of empire - meaning that their rights and privileges were stronger/more authoritative/more likely to be respected than non-citizens (either slaves or foreigners). This presented Roman lawyers with a tricky question: was the shopkeeper liable for the injury? In a debate that echoes some of our own dilemmas about how far a property owner should go in defending himself against a burglar, they decided that, as the thief had been armed with a nasty piece of metal and had struck the first blow, he had to take responsibility for the loss of his eye. Here is a somewhat simplistic summary of criminal deterrence in Rome I would argue that the most significant freedom that a Roman citizen had was that in theory they lived in a state ruled by law, rather than by autocracy. Every other state was ruled by some form of autocracy where "law" was an extension of the ruler's whim, and today's law could be tomorrow's treason.