It seems though that many part of jewish's God is borrowed from countries they've been around with. The bigger the monarchy, the more "almighty" their view of God is. Politic evolves faster than religion. So the link got weaken over time. However, original religions may correlate well with original government form. 

Zeus, Cronos, may just be a model of ancient king that got toppled for being a tyrant. I think that's the true message of polytheism. Leader better behave lest you got toppled. In monotheist, God is the boss and even if everything unite against him, He prevails. 

Well, the difference between polytheist and monotheist is the relative power of their God. In polytheist religion, Zeus is boss over boss. However, if all the other gods unite against Zeus, he's death. Zeus has supreme political power but comparable muscle power with Poseidon, Hades, etc. Religion is a very ancient way to impose our will against other. Rather than saying you got to do what I say, people tend to say, and still say, you got to do what my God says. So the kind of God I made up is decided by the kind of claim I found profitable to make. 

If I am a president, or a leader in republic or democratic countries, I would make a claim that I should be your leader because I am a good king. If I am not a good king you would kick my ass. So I too will produce a religion that reflect that. I would say, Zeus is boss, like I am boss. But well, if he pissed of Hades, Poseidon, or Hera he's screwed. So I am still your leader but I recognized that others have power to disagree. First I need to differentiate between monotheism with polytheism because even in polytheist religions, one god is quite often supreme. In Judaism, God alone is not only politically powerful, but by himself almighty. That is the claim of most absolute monarchy. That the emperor is chosen by the almighty and need only to answer to him. That emperor will still be emperor no mater how many rebels are fighting him as long as the supreme God still favor him. 

I couldn't find any references online (other than the Wikipedia article) to monuments created by Sneferu which include representations of Horus-Behdety. However, the earliest representation is supposed to be in a carving in the Step Pyramid of Djoser at Saqqara. 

For all their strengths, it seems that the army of Megiddo lacked a unified command structure, and that was probably a major factor in why they broke so quickly under Thutmose's attack. When I was studying the archaeology of Cyprus at Birkbeck in the late 1990s I wrote a paper on opiate use in the ancient Eastern Mediterranean. I've summarised many of the salient points from that paper (with a few updated links) below: (The translations appear in Greek, but Google Translate should be able to make a decent fist of translating them into English. I'll try to locate English versions & update the answer later, when I'm not typing on a phone screen.) The texts themselves are usually damaged. Lacunae (holes) in manuscript texts mean that words, or even entire sentences, are often missing. Inscriptions on temple walls are frequently damaged. Where this damage is relatively recent (as with the inscriptions at Karnak), we can sometimes make use of copies made by early Egyptologists. In this instance, we are fortunate to have a copy published in 1906 by the German scholar Kurt Heinrich Sethe in his Urkunden der 18 Dynastie, which is generally considered to be an accurate record of the inscription at Karnak as it survived at that time. 

I found a 2014 PhD dissertation on Horus the Behdetite, by Randy L. Shonkwiler, which identifies the earliest confirmed use of the winged sun-disk in Egypt as being on the 4th dynasty coffin of Queen Hetepheres (~2500BC), who was the wife of Sneferu and mother of Khufu. The acquisition of an empire required that Rome maintain a permanent military establishment in its provinces to cope with rebellions. These were often loyal to their commanders, rather than to the Senate in Rome, as in the cases of Marius (consul in 106 BC & 104-100 BC) and Sulla (consul in 88 BC, & dictator from 82-79 BC).