Rammus Rammus has everything a tank needs - a damage reduction ability (defense curl), an intiator paired with a slow (powerball), hard CC and target peeling (taunt), and team fight presence (tremors adds up fast!). Did we mention that he could jungle and his taunt has a relatively quick cooldown? A top pick for sure. Alistar I'll grant you that Alistar's hard to play optimally, but when he is, the bull's a force to be reckoned with. Two hard CCs (neither affected by Merc Treads). Triumphant Roar makes him an excellent pusher, and his Ultimate and high base health make you an excellent damage soak. Additionally, little of his power comes from items; Pulverize + Headbutt is really good even without any bonus from AP. The current metagame theory is that teams with a jungler > teams without, so by playing a strong jungler (assuming you aren't overestimating your skill) will give you the best odds, as an early game lead can be hard to overcome. If you get executed, you also retain your killstreak and bounty. 

The faster you kill enemy minions, the faster the minions reach the enemy tower, which will make quick work of all non-cannon minions. It's better to keep the minion fights as close to the middle as you can; you only need to finish off the minion to get gold from it -- see if you can limit yourself to only attacking minions when you will kill them! 

The mechanic Riot has introduced for reducing champion IP costs over time is as follows: Case 2 - 200 Armor Garen, 30 MR Ashe Garen wises up, and buys another 100 armor, and Ashe shoots him with another arrow. Ashe still takes 46.15 damage (same AD, same MR), but Garen only takes 66.67 damage. Since Alistar got buffed in the last patches, I want to master him a little bit more. I watched some Youtube videos where people always do the Headbutt(W) + Autoattack while the target is still flying and they say it is really important to get that combo down, especally on Top and Mid. 

What should i do with my boots in late game? Keep them or sell them? I think i dont really need them becuase you usually don't gank anymore. 

Since he gets a 100% crit chance for his AA and Q through the E passive. Queen's Wrath is a self-targeted buff that applies on-hit effects. Bloodthirster give you better stats for the gold and the build path is identical. 

You normally skill Amumus E because of the faster jungle clear and sustain. 

Sion (with skills involved) unlimited health with Soul Furnace but sometimes it's just a habit... You will NOT be revealed if you are already stealthed (as said in the tooltip) Though not directly useful, a spectator can watch a player's play-style and make best guesses about future moves. Any pattern they see could potentially be used against that player. The only time to consider a GP/10 item on a carry is if you're getting less than 2 minion kills a minute. Here's the best reference I can find: http://na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=237436 The immediate exploit I can think of is destroying Teemo's mushrooms. Since they last for 10 minutes, a spectator could direct a player with an oracle's where to go to clear them. If I last hit a tower and destroy it, what rewards (if any) do I receive? 

The images tell it much better than I can, but here's a rough list of where to ward: A spectator could also help keep track of buff respawns, though this is typically handled by the jungler. 

Do critical strikes vs thornmail count for the owner? It's more important to build items that counter your opponents abilities. If you notice them build early magic resist, buy magic penetration!