                                                                     References 

                                                      §2. Two uses of Metavariables 

i.e. if Ns are Ms, and some Xs are not Ms, then we may conclude that some Xs are not Ns. I don't want to claim that Bocardo has no direct proof (by means of axioms and conversion rules), but merely to demonstrate how its indirect proof might proceed using this interpretation. This talk of 'closure under uniform substitution' is a cannon for shooting birds, so we want to simplify things. The natural way of doing it, as Teller suggests, is to use boldface letters (we'll use Greek instead) to denote metavariables that stand for arbitrary expressions in Lo. For example, we could reformulate (3) in a way that the condition about closure is no longer needed as follows: Each of those x's that these existential quantifiers supply is a thing, a something, an object. Depending on the context, these objects can even be abstract (like numbers, predicates, points in 2D space, etc.). But the negated existential quantifiers ("there exists no x" = "it's not the case that there exists an x") themselves are not, at least in these particular sentences, being talked about, so they're not even treated as objects like those x's are. 'Philosopher' & 'is' are applied to give 'is philosopher' of type ⟨e,t⟩, which is then applied to 'Socrates' to yield ⟨t⟩. Next, you consider the following sentence: 

My philosophical question here is that this doesn't make sense to me from the dealership's point of view: Doesn't game theory in general indicate that in such situations, cooperation will benefit the group better than selfish behavior? Doesn't the dealership stand to benefit more from having the sales people work together to achieve more sales, than for each individual to try to sell as many cars as possible, even at the cost of preventing other people from closing sales? 

If their pay structure was more inductive to cooperation, the experienced sales person would have handed the sure fire customer over to the rookie, and focused their efforts on the undecided customer. The dealership as whole would have potentially made two sales instead of one. 

Miracles, if they do occur, are empirical facts. If you are using the word logic in its formal sense then, by definition, logic is about relations of ideas, not about empirical facts. So logic doesn't have anything to say about miracles one way or the other. For example, as improbable as the idea of a purple dragon is, there is nothing inherently contradictory about the idea, the way the statements " (A is an integer) and (1 < A^2 < 2) " or "John is a married bachelor" are contradictions. Here miracles cannot be disproved by logic, because they are outside of the domain of logic (ideas vs facts). You could consider logic to be "logic + empirical evidence" or more specifically "logical theories built on available empirical evidence", which is the way the term is sometimes used in everyday speech even if it is not entirely accurate. The term logic then becomes roughly equivalent to the laws of physics, or the laws of science. Miracles are then those events which are not predicted by the laws of science. So if medical science says with certainty that X is going to die in three weeks, but that person survives, then we say that he survived because of a miracle. From this point of view, miracles are by definition those events which contradict the laws of science. Here there can be no logical proof against miracles, again because miracles are outside of the domain of logic, but because this time they are exactly those events which break the rules of logic. The third approach would be to analyze the question per Quine's holism: Every observation is theory laden, meaning that no matter how hard we try every observation we makes is really dependent on theories that we are using (consciously or unconsciously), and is thus subjective. For example, it might seem that the statement "the rock fell to the earth" to be a perfectly objective statement, but this is because we are basing our observation on the theory that the earth is fixed. Another person who grew up with the idea that his particular rock is absolutely motionless will say that the earth (and everything attached to it) rose up to meet the rock, not the other way around. With this in mind, any observation of a purported miracle, is ultimately dependent on the theories used in interpreting it, and where one would see a miraculous healing, another person would simply dismiss the doctors who originally diagnosed the patient with a terminal disease as incompetent. Here again, it is impossible to logically disprove miracles, because now matter what events you observe, the event is subject to different interpretations, and a mystically inclined person will be inclined to interpret something as miraculous while a materialistically minded person will always interpret it as coincidence, luck, trickery, illusion, etc.... 

Here's a thought that occurred to me this morning: God's ability to create a stone that he cannot move is analogous to quantum superposition. Like Schrödinger's cat, which is both alive and dead, some theists believe that God is both able to create such a stone and also to move it. When we open the box, the superposition collapses and we see either a dead or a lucky cat. When God decides, he may either create such a stone or move it. (Personally, I think it unlikely God spends even as much time considering this choice as we have in this question. This stone seems to belong entirely to philosophers.) The superposition collapses if and when God actualizes such a stone. If so, God's definition is paradoxical, but so is the observed state of the universe. 

Does this mean He is nonsensical? Not obviously. He may, of course, choose to be sensible to humanity. (4) Either A or B exists, but not both This is the exclusive "or", which is much harder to show than the usual inclusive "or" found in (3). Binary choices are common in artificial environments (such as computers), but are more difficult to assert in cases where binary choices are not common. In the real world, it's harder to assert something like: either God exists or evil exists, but not both. It's not immediately clear that propositions in the form (4) are to be preferred over propositions of the form (3). Intuitively, we'd assume the reverse.