(If you want to ask about whether the lack of any existence is identical to everything existing at once, without reference to mathematics, that would be a separate question, but one for which I doubt that there is an interesting answer; I would say it is either "no" or "there's no way to find out", depending on what limitations you put on the multiply existing worlds.) 

So what could it mean for "zero" to be the same as "infinity"? Well: all numbers — including simple ones, such as 1, 2, 3 — are just ideas, and they can mean different things in different contexts. When you roll a die, the number 6 doesn't mean anything, although you might give that number signifcance by doing something specific. In the game of craps in which you roll a pair of dice, 7 and 11 are good rolls and 2, 3, 12 are bad ones; but that does not mean that somehow 7 = 11 or that 2 = 3 = 12 in any deeper sense. These are just human games, of course; but numbers are human ideas with which we try to grasp the world with acuity. The roles of any numbers in a physical theory do not arise from the numbers themselves, but from their interpretation as referring to magnitudes of physical qualities which interact with one another. 

Biology is hardly unique in having conceptual theories which may be expressed without formal mathematics. Physics, for instance, has them; its just that these can also be further elaborated by mathematics. Some examples: This is not to say that it is either necessary or fruitful to mathematise biology; only that it is not impossible in principle — and that the nature of the obstacle amounts to one of sheer computational complexity, as with the solutuon of the three-body gravitational problem. From the outside, biology seems to do quite a good job at tackling extremely complex phenomena using qualitative principles. It is not difficult to imagine that an accurate mathematisation of biology would either be so coarse or ad-hoc as to provide no special benefit over qualitative reasoning, or so complex as to be actually impossible for a human mind to grasp. If so, what benefit would be obtained through its mathematisation? 

This is an analogue to a material universe which can be modeled well by very simple laws, but where a difference in the way in which you investigate the number may give rise to different formulations of the laws, whose differences will not be very significant but where the formulations themselves may be noticeably different. In this universe, it will happen that something may emerge from nothing, and there are no symmetries which I am aware of to give a name of "potential" to any entity in the description, except the transition rule itself. If x is a more complicated algebraic number, or a result of coin-tosses, then the particular techniques they use is likely to be very important to determine what approximations they obtain, and there is no particular reason why they should have the same estimate. 

Consider a toy example from mathematics itself, in which we try to describe a real number 0 < x < 1 by a sequence of approximations or expressions (e.g. rational numbers which are close to x), where x is described by an infinite sequence of digits 0.x1x2x3... in whichever positional system you like. However, we suppose that you only have access to as many of the digits xi as you ask for. You can continue asking for more digits, but you can never know all of them at once. 

What I have tried to suggest above is that even within mathematics itself, there are multiple approaches that one may take to investigating approximations to some number. It is true that some methods are easier than others, and for that reason may be easily reproduced by independent ingenious minds. Whether or not these easily-reproduced ideas are enough to find the pattern of the number to be approximated is the crux. There exist numbers which simply have no pattern, and also numbers whose pattern is more complicated or harder to extract than others. 

If x is uncomputable, e.g. if its digits are in effect completely random as though they were generated by perfectly fair coin-tosses, then different approaches to evaluating the number may give rise to significantly different approximations of x — not in the sense of having wildly different values, of course, because after all we are talking about approximations of a single number, but the expressions for these approximations may bear little in common with one another. 

Imagine an exotic "universe", which does not have deterministic laws, but does have a notion of discrete time. At each step in time, the state of the universe — its "material" content — is given by a set of objects. It has no conservation laws as such.