Defensive team may advance all kicks from scrimmage (including unsuccessful field goal) whether or not ball crosses defensive team’s goal line. Rules pertaining to kicks from scrimmage apply until defensive team gains possession. The kicking team may never advance its own kick even though legal recovery is made beyond the line of scrimmage. Possession only. 

In college, the spread offense has leveled the playing field some between power house schools and smaller schools, but the NFL is the collection of the best 2,000 (roughly) players. Announcers may refer to a yard run after a receiver catches the ball also. These yards after the catch are added onto his receiving yard total and the quarterback's passing yard total. Yards after catch (YAC) 

In college football, specifically the NCAA there are many punters that use a "Rugby Style" kick to punt the ball. Often the punter will run to the side of his kicking foot and then punt the ball. This takes a little bit of time, and usually between one and all seven players that are on the line of scrimmage will run down field before the ball is kicked. 

Sabermetrics and advanced stats have become a big part of baseball in the recent years. Defensive shifts are growing rapidly. "Old School" stats are becoming less relevant compare to "New School" stats. This has trickled into the NBA, with the Houston Rockets starting to make organizational decisions based on advanced stats. 

Yard run usually refers to what happens on a certain play. I.e. "The player X had a 12 yard run". This means he would get 12 rushing yards also. As far as kickers, some of them played soccer before turning to football in their college careers or late in high school such as Steven Hauschka. Rushing yards are an official stat. When a player receives a hand off or a backwards pass, he then advances the ball by running forward or "rushing". Most often you see this stat in the NFL for running backs. However quarterbacks and receivers may also have rushing yards in a game. You may see updates during a game with a rushing yard total for players, it is the total rushing yards to that point in the game. Rushing the Football Wiki Any member of the punting team may down the ball anywhere in the field of play. However, it is illegal touching (Official’s time out and receiver’s ball at spot of illegal touching). This foul does not offset any foul by receivers during the down. 

If the quarterback passes the ball, he will not get credit for any yards that he has run prior to the pass (Pass meaning legal forward pass). 

Isn't this a penalty? Only eligible receivers are allowed more than 5 yards down the field according to the rule in the NFL. Is this not a rule in the NCAA? I know that if the punter uses a Rugby Style punt, then the roughing the punter rules do not apply because he is not protected by the normal roughing the punter/kicker rules. Maybe this applies to the ineligible man down field penalty too, but I cannot find anything on it. There are examples of players that didn't play college football, but played another sports such as Antonio Gates who played basketball in college. Julius Thomas played only one year of college football after finishing his college basketball career. 

Lawrence Okoye was a track and field athlete for Great Britain before entering the NFL. 

I know that there are advanced stats for football, but it seems that most teams play by the book still. One difference between football and other sports is the spending and the market size. There aren't any football teams that are referred to as small market and the salary cap rules keep most teams similar in spending.