Instead, you need to address either her lack of understanding of what bullying is, or her lack of understanding what is socially acceptable behavior and what isn't. You write your daughter bullied other girls at school. This means that either she didn't realize that she was hurting someone because it was "just online", or she was fully aware but didn't care. Either way, you can't fix this with technical solutions that block access whenever she tries something like this again. Think about what you want to do with your life, and tell him. Try to listen to what he says - if your dream is to become famous as a rock guitarist or a youtuber, your father might have a few reasons worth listening to why this isn't going to fly - but defend your own goals. If that isn't it and he's just stubborn, maybe taking his phone away until he's ready to discuss this with you might work. Raise her to take part as an adult in a liberal society If you did let a software solution police her behavior, then you wouldn't know whether she actually learned anything from her unacceptable behavior, and in case she didn't, she'd be free to misbehave again as soon as she was free of the software guard (e.g. at the latest when she became a legal adult - at which time it would be too late for you to intervene). However, sooner or later you'll need to trust her again, because she also needs to be able to communicate with peers in privacy. Also, you'll never know whether she doesn't use two accounts for her communications, a "harmless" one she shows you, and another one she keeps private. This is why control of any kind is ultimately pointless if you can't instill in her that bullying is wrong. You've already compiled a list of problems that can result from this. But I could imagine that in your desire to convince him that what he's doing is wrong, you actually confronted him with this list, one item after the other. While such parental controls can be useful to limit the time of internet use at home, and to limit the exposure of teenagers to problematic content at home, this approach is largely useless when you consider that a), you're not the only provider of internet access - or even of internet-capable devices - for your daughter, and b) it is fairly easy to circumvent controls which try to filter what kind of content someone can see, and what he/she can publish. I think you're overestimating the power your father has over you. Clearly he has a problem, but you don't - in fact, he's made sure that you're about as well-prepared for whatever may happen as you could be. How exactly can he force you to do what he wants you to? You hold pretty much all the cards. Be very careful if you try to provoke such a incident by basically bringing one of his nude pictures into your posession. I'd only do it if nothing else worked, beause it is a serious invasion of his privacy, even if you'd only do it to make him realize his privacy is more important than he thinks.