It is up to the individuals to decide what is the true religion. As for myself, after studying all major religions, I found satisfaction in Christianity with strong believe in the Trinity. 

"If God knew that He had to die for human, why did He create human anyway?" 

But why did God plan all this? Only God knows. 

There are countless works already done on Trinity. Inspired by all these existing works, here is how we may address the question to whom Jesus prays to. 

2. Is this deemed as heresy by some denominations? If so, why? 

Short answer: Possibly, but it's complicated. 

No wonder why the Apostles' Creed states "Jesus descended into hell". 

God also plans for a "Big Time". For example, Jesus waited for his specific time to die. 

"Hell/Lake of fire/ Second death:" We will go to Hell after we die if we do not accept the salvation offered by Jesus Christ. Revelation 20(NIV) has something to say about this. 

1 Timothy 2:5 (NIV) For there is one God and one mediator between God and mankind, the man Christ Jesus, 

The very idea that we are all sinners and God Himself had to come down to earth in human form to die for our sins is foolishness to those who do not want to accept it. For example, Islam explicitly states that God will never take the form of human and the idea of God dying on the cross is foolishness. That's what exactly Paul said in verse 18, "For the message of the cross is foolishness to those who are perishing, but to us who are being saved it is the power of God". 

My personal belief: Judaism is the parent religion for any Abrahamic religions and it deserves respect from all. Where would we all be if Judaism was not there? I do not like it when the Qura'n makes insults about Judaism. Christianity is the completion or final stage of Abrahamic religion. Islam is a heresy created by borrowing the concepts from Judaism and Christianity. (This is only my personal belief and please don't take it seriously or personally. Thanks) 

John 16:28 (NIV) I came from the Father and entered the world; now I am leaving the world and going back to the Father.” 

The New Testament gives a more detail picture of who the Messiah is. 

1. God appears foolish to men: 

Romans 8:34 (NIV) Who then is the one who condemns? No one. Christ Jesus who died—more than that, who was raised to life—is at the right hand of God and is also interceding for us. 

God is omniscient and He knew that he had to destroy the world by flood. 

You can't play a hide-and-seek game with God (Hebrews 4:13) because He is omnipresent(Psalm 139:8). God demanded confession from Adam. God also wanted to continue the fellowship even though Adam tried to avoid Him. God was seeking Adam because God still loved him despite his disobedience . God wanted to help Adam and Eve on how to cover their nakedness. Not yet skilled or aware of how to make garments, they tried to cover themselves in vain. God helped them by providing garments of animal skin. 

Where art thou? God is always calling us to repent and come to Him. It is our responsibility to response to His call and confess all our sins. 

God has a plan for everything. We cannot say that even the movements of a tiny living creature is planned by God but, on a Bigger scale, God plans everything. 

When God created the world, Adam and Eve, Christ was already crucified in the mind of God. God created everything according to His will. There was no accident. He knew what He was doing and what purpose it would serve. He knew that Adam and Eve might fall into the trap of Satan, fall under the power of sin and the Lamb of God had to be sacrificed for their sins. However, it was God's plan to create human and while creating them, God already conceived in His mind that the Son of God will be crucified. 

Even if a slightly weakness is found in God, it is still stronger than the strongest of men. 

It is not wrong to say that Jesus is God because Jesus equated himself with God (John 8:58). Jesus is the Word of God, who was with God from the beginning, was (also) God, who became flesh in order to die for our sins.