I understand that the parties are private organizations which are free to conduct their own elections however they like, but their elections are publicly-funded and state-administered. Taxpayers pay for their elections, and government employees execute them, all for the exclusive benefit of the parties. And yet some states make it a crime for registered voters to vote unless they are already associated with the party - sometimes up to six months in advance of an election. Considering how many people this excludes, doesn't this violate the Equal Protection Clause? 

Thomas Drake: One year probation and community service. 

Whistleblowing has never warranted a sentence of more than a few years. Manning's sentence is highly unusual, and it is the inevitable result of prosecuting whistleblowers with the Espionage Act, a law meant to prosecute spies, who typically receive much more severe sentences. ETA: I am asking about this president generally but I am most interested in Republican positions considering the firing of the James Comey, the president's admission that it was because of the investigation against himself (or his campaign, whatever), and the president's subsequent threat against Comey. And if any of that has had an effect on Republican support for impeachment. 

He believed the sentence was excessive, and justice had already been served. Conveniently, Obama gave a press conference on the day this question was asked, and he answered this very question himself. 

To protect rebellious Republicans from their vengeful president Until Speaker Ryan chooses to answer this question himself, we cannot be certain why and we are left to speculate, but the New York Times suggests an answer in their coverage on the matter, 

Have any Congressional Republicans so far said they support impeachment, or said what it would take for them to support impeachment, or what they consider impeachable offenses for this president? Additionally, is there any significant support by Republican voters for impeachment, or is this a purely partisan issue by Democrats right now? 

That is not to mention other exclusionary tactics such as lengthy residency and party registration requirements, most infamously New York's onerous six month party registration requirement, which exclude even more people. 

Additionally, according to this poll, in 2015 a record 43% of voters were independent. (I could not find figures for the 2016 election but I imagine it is even higher considering the upward trend.) So the effect is that some states exclude nearly half of voters from their primary elections. 

And secondly, I've read the counter-argument that voters are free to register with a party in advance of a primary election (however, sometimes no less than six months in advance!), but doesn't this requirement violate the freedom of association, which should implicitly grant a freedom to not associate? 

The constitution and 17th amendment leave the specifics of dealing with Senate vacancies to the states. In the case of John McCain: 

Left-leaning and liberal are indeed the same thing in the US, or at least they are in day to day speech. So, were he to resign or die, the answer is no: he wouldn't be the one making the appointment (he could suggest a name, of course). As to being able to say "this person will fill my boots for only a few weeks or months" it is, insofar I'm aware, not possible. Proxy voting is possible, but if I'm not mistaken it assumes that you give specific voting instructions for a specific vote, rather than giving what amounts to a blank check. The Vice documentary "This is what winning looks like" might give you a few helpful pointers: Edward Snowden exposed US government operated large scale surveillance activities, which has heightened public awareness about the issue. But these have never reached the point where there are widespread fears about the police showing up at your doorstep, arresting you, and abusively keeping you locked up or worse for arbitrary reasons. Nor has that point been reached by neighboring states or while under occupation by an enemy force. So things progress slowly. 

The takeaway and answer to your question might best be summed up by the documentary's author: 

Yes. At the very least it should be strongly implied. 

Trump accepted the deal that gave him a mere 3 months of runway, thus leaving the door open for a government shutdown before a critical election period. The Republicans fear Democrats could use this leverage to get in the way of the tax reform they've in mind in early December. 

No, this law would not be upheld. We know because this actually happened: Arizona passed a state law making it a state crime to be in violation of federal alien registration laws (which automatically includes illegal immigrants) and giving state and local law enforcement the power to arrest people if they had probable cause to believe the person had committed some crime making them removable from the US. The United States filed suit against Arizona, and the Supreme Court struck down those provisions (as well as one making it a crime for an illegal immigrant to seek employment in the state, which had no federal counterpart) in United States v. Arizona as being preempted by federal authority. 

The Supreme Court held that Congress had occupied the field on immigration: Congressional regulation was sufficiently comprehensive that there was no room for states to pass any laws controlling immigrants. So, states cannot criminalize illegal immigration because the federal laws on the matter don't leave any role for them. Furthermore, states can't give their police the authority to arrest immigrants without warrant for being removable, because that's giving them more power than federal immigration officers (who normally need a warrant), and undermines the fact that Congress normally requires a warrant before making those arrests (increasing federal discretion).