One of the answers to that question says that: 

This is related to this article at lds.org about Mother in Heaven. The article says: Or is the LDS church a modification of the first century Christianity because God wanted some things to be done differently? 

Do Mormons believe that this describes an actual physical event, such as the end of the world (Armageddon)? If it describes an actual physical event, will USA also be among those destroyed by God's Kingdom? One of these is the belief in Trinity due to which, according to the answers to this question and this question, Lutheran/Protestant churches do not view Mormons as Christian. Another difference is the symbols used with the communion, being that Mormons use water instead of wine (as is explained in the answers to this question). Is the Heavenly Father the same as Elohim? If not, is Elohim same as Jesus or another person? Is Holy Ghost another individual, a separate person from Heavenly Father? Is Heavenly Mother same as Mary (Jesus earthly mother)? Do Mormons direct their prayers only to Heavenly Father or also to Jesus? 

and I can promise you, God is very active still. He is doing amazing things. 

So, while the warning in Revelation might be viewed a warning about adding to the Holy Bible as a whole, it does not extend to God Himself. He chooses to whom to speak, what to tell them, and what to do with that information. If He tells them to tell others, well that is the definition of a prophet, and that is His prerogative. 

I prefer to look at the verse itself, in this matter. When I read this verse in Revelation it is easy to see that this is a warning to mankind: Don't add stuff! It's not your right, and you don't have the authority! 

The Bible clearly teaches that the end times will have prophets. Two will be killed in Jerusalem and the whole world will watch (Rev. 11) and there is even a warning about false prophets, which would not be necessary if there were simply no prophets. But it does NOT say that God cannot (or even will not) continue revealing his word and his mind and his plans to mankind. Remember Amos 3:7... 

The Word of Wisdom was originally given in 1833 as a word of counsel and is found in Doctrine and Covenants 89. Later prophets have reemphasized the Word of Wisdom as a law of health and today it is set forth as a commandment that all church members are expected to follow. From what I can tell, there have been 4 actual translations of the Book of Mormon into German over the years, each of which has had several printings or editions: 1852, 1959, 1980, and 2003. I found some good historical information in the Journal of Book of Mormon Studies, Dialogue: A Journal of Mormon Thought, and Deseret News. I expect there will be a new edition in the next year or two that includes updates from the 2013 edition of the English scriptures, as similar updates have been published in other languages – most recently French, Italian, and Dutch. The current edition of the German Book of Mormon can be found on LDS.org. If you are interested in looking at the first translation of the German Book of Mormon (1852), which is in the public domain, you can find scans at Archive.org and on Google Books (links below). Good luck parsing the old German Fraktur! 

Although Latter-day Saints around the world hold the United States in high esteem – that the United States was uniquely set apart for the latter-day restoration of the gospel, and that the New Jerusalem will be built on the American continent – they are encouraged to honor the law and be actively involved in strengthening their community wherever they live. 

Joseph Smith's position on the Book of Mormon was very definitive and bold. However, if you compare those quotes to recent quotes like these from the Community of Christ: 

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints teaches that our bodies are temples where the Holy Ghost can dwell (1 Corinthians 6:19–20) and that they were given to us as a gift from God, therefore we are expected to take care of them. 

“With other Christians, we affirm the Bible as the foundational scripture for the church. In addition, Community of Christ uses the Book of Mormon and the Doctrine and Covenants as scripture. We do not use these sacred writings to replace the witness of the Bible or improve upon it, but because they confirm its message that Jesus Christ is the Living Word of God” (Community of Christ web site). 

“The Book of Mormon is true, just what it purports to be, and for this testimony I expect to give an account in the day of judgment” (Quoted by David Osborn, in “Recollections of the Prophet Joseph Smith,” Juvenile Instructor, Mar. 15, 1892, p. 173).