Secondly, at our home, when we serve the first plate of food she only got about the number of bites of each item as years of life she has had - three years old meant three bites of everything, four meant four etc. Sometimes staring at a full plate can overwhelm kids and they don't even know where to begin. By giving small amounts like this, it is likely the child will eat what is on the plate and want seconds. We are not aiming for a "clean plate" kid here, but the rule that she had to finish most of what was on her plate before getting seconds was applied (we were flexible if there was only about a bite left of something). Then, she could get as many or as few seconds of her favorite parts of the meal as she desired. We knew she had sufficiently at least tried each of the foods presented. Preschool teachers often have a pretty good idea of whether children are ready for kindergarten. If your child attends preschool, his or her teacher knows how he acts in the school setting. If he still cries after you drop him at preschool, he might not be ready to get on the bus to kindergarten. Do not hesitate to ask your child’s teacher for her opinion and advice. She might suggest something in-between, like a pre-kindergarten classroom that many public schools have. Also, be sure to visit a kindergarten classroom that your child might attend, talk to the teachers, and observe how the other children behave and interact. Many schools even have a time when you can bring your child with you to visit As a "bonus," something I started doing with my daughter at dinner at around this age was something a friend introduced to me as "highlights, lowlights" She asked her kids about the best parts and worst parts of their day every day at bedtime. I don't think focusing on the worst part is really a productive thing to do at this age (though I would recommend it for Middle School) so I only asked for the highlights (and I asked at dinner instead of bed but that part isn't really important). Choosing a "favorite" is also abstract, but identifying your favorite to your son and then asking him his, is a good exercise in communication and connection between you later on and a good habit to get into now. He is likely to pick your favorite as his favorite at first, but eventually when you ask "What was your favorite part of your day today?" you'll start getting real answers and once in awhile, he might even say, "Right now with you." and that is always a nice thing. Actually, yes. It is possible he is purposefully riling you up. Not, perhaps for any specific reason he is consciously aware of. It is also possible that he simply gets distracted and doesn't know how to cope with your anger and unwittingly makes you more angry with his reactions. If you are truly concerned about her ability to "stand up for herself" like your other question indicated, Cabbey's answer is a GREAT one. There are a few things that might help improve your chances of a more reliable answer even now though. Asking, "what did you do today?" is a pretty abstract question. You might try asking him the question and then following it with more specific and "leading" kinds of questions that will help focus his answers a little better. Of course, knowing a little about the day first from observations you make at pick up time and from speaking with the teacher a little will also help you here: For example, If he is joining the school at a time when many of the kids are new to the school I wouldn't worry about any of these first two categories (except the bathroom skills), but if he joins when most of the kids in his class have already been at the school for awhile you may find these first two categories helpful.