This implies that those who do not hear the gospel may not be guilty of sin. John speaks of Jesus as a Paraclete (intercessor and comforter) in John 2:1 and then of the Holy Spirit as a Paraclete (comforter and teacher) in John 14:16, implying that Jesus is the first and primary Paraclete. 

Clement of Alexandria taught a similar doctrine, saying "It is not right that these should be condemned without trial, and that those alone who lived after the coming should have the advantage of the divine righteousness." 

Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seventh-day_Adventist_theology#The_Heavenly_Sanctuary 

The Roman Cathecism issued by the Council of Trent, based on the opinion of Thomas Aquinas, believe that they may have been in Limbo (http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limbo) and the virtuous pagans would have been caught up to Heaven during the http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harrowing_of_Hell by Jesus in the three days between the crucifixion and resurrection. Molinists (such as William Lane Craig) on the other hand believe that God knows what a person would choose in any given situation. They point to passages like Matthew 11:20-24 I think there is strong support for the above requirements for Jews and Gentiles found in Acts 15. It includes an official communication from the Church to all "Gentile Believers" (their words) from James the Just. See interpretations here: http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Council_of_Jerusalem 

But you are stubborn and refuse to turn to God. So you are making things even worse for yourselves on that day when he will show how angry he is and will judge the world with fairness. (Romans 2:5, CEV) Some adults might say that they have not done any serious crime but in God's standard all sins are big, for Jesus said, You must do good works because you are saved, not because you want to be saved. Show your faith by your works. Our good works and obedience to God's laws should be inspired by our faith to God. Faith without action is useless and deeds without faith is also useless. 

What good is it, my brothers and sisters, if someone claims to have faith but has no deeds? Can such faith save them? Suppose a brother or a sister is without clothes and daily food. If one of you says to them, “Go in peace; keep warm and well fed,” but does nothing about their physical needs, what good is it? In the same way, faith by itself, if it is not accompanied by action, is dead. But someone will say, “You have faith; I have deeds.” Show me your faith without deeds, and I will show you my faith by my deeds. 

What we see then is this: there are certain sins ("mortal" or "grave") which make us incapable of eternally accepting the love of God; but even the lesser sins we commit damage the relationship between us and God in such a way that we are, not incapable of eternally accepting God's love, but at least unready to do so. People who die in such a state will be subject to this "final purification of the elect". (Catechism, paragraphs 1963, 1966) 

(Catechism, paragraph 2008, 2009, 2010; emphasis in bold added) According to the Catechism of the Catholic Church, "we cannot ... rely on our feelings or our works to conclude that we are justified and saved. ... reflection on God’s blessings in our life and in the lives of the saints offers us a guarantee that grace is at work in us" (paragraph 2005). 

The charity of Christ is the source in us of all our merits before God. 

The New Law is the grace of the Holy Spirit given to the faithful through faith in Christ. It works through charity; it uses the Sermon on the Mount to teach us what must be done and makes use of the sacraments to give us the grace to do it.