So this means that Quran can't be understood as a standalone source, we need to know how the Prophet (Peace be upon him) practiced it's teaching, therefore some madhabs had a ranking of Sunna in their osol, where the practiced Sunna (ahadith where it is explained what and how the Messenger of Allah (Peace be upon him) used to practice something) is much higher then the verbal Sunna (hadith with verbal orders or prohibitions)! This Verse is as i think very clear about the matter that Sunna (Hadith) is an explanation (often practical) in how the Quran should be understood and as you read the Prophet (peace be upon him)n is asked to explain and teach it to them. Explaining is what we find in the Sunna! I think you are referring to the Verse 47 in Surat al-Baqara (2:47) The 6th Verse is also very expressive as it orders the wives or women of the houshold of the Prophet (peace be upon him) to spread out the wisdom and the revelations of Allah -which they heard/saw in their houses- to people! This verse is a clear order as it quotes Quran on one side and the wisdom (hadith) on the other. And we know a lot of sunnan from the wives of the prophet as they saw him in his house and only they could describe him as a husband or father etc. The negative one is the love of Potiphar's wife towards Prophet Joseph which is narrated extensively in the middle part of the sura Yosuf starting at verse 12:23. After the canonization there hasn't been any major disputes about Quran. Copies of the canonized version were spread over the Islamic world and is preserved through multiple copies over a very large area of land. We are quite certain to have the canonized copy. So if we accept that the Quran is preserved well in the 12 years following the prophet's death during the time of the first 3 caliphs (632-644), then we can say that Quran is preserved well. Historical athentecity Muslims believe that there has been no error in Quran as revealed to the prophet and that prophet made no mistake in exactly presenting it to the people as it was revealed to him. During the time of the prophet, he was present and was the main reference for Quran. There wasn't a compiled written copy during his time. I assume that this is not the part you are asking about. Your question is about how well what was stated by the prophet is preserved from his time up to today. The riwaya of Hafs has been afterwards mostly unknown -even in Kufa- until the 'Othmans declared it as their official reading. As Asim was from Kufa like the Imam abu Hanifa and the 'Othmans where officialy Hanafya! Anything which was revealed in Mekka is makki and anything which was revealed in Medina is madani! Anything which was revealed before hijra is makki anything afterwards is madani (this is the most common definition, or at least the one any layman would know). Anything which was addressing people of Mekka is makki, anything addressing people of Medina is madani! The highest level in correctness (=Tawaatur) according the conditions above: The grammatical and linguistic correctness of a reading as you may find The Mushaf that was collected by 'Othman didn't have dots that are present in the current Arabic language letters. And that how the Arabic letters were written at that time. You might ask how would they know how to differentiate between the words? The answer it was kind of understanding that an Arab would right away spot the word and understand the actual mapping. Dots were introduced latter in the time of Omayyad's Caliphate because the people of non-Arab background didn't recognize the writing (see here). And the Arabic Alphabet and the Mushaf have seen further developments later! Here them refers to Quran and Torah. God may change the rules and this is clear from Quran. You can ask the same question regarding the rules sent to Moses and Jews and the Islamic rules that are narrated in Quran. Sometimes some extra rules are added to the laws as a punishment that makes the laws harder (because people have disobeyed God). Other times the situation changes so the rule also needs to change. None of this means that the rules were not right or just at the time they were given. If a verse comes later and changes a law it is not problematic or inconsistent. An explicit example is change of Qibla. The verse seems to talk about their situation in the after-life and part of their punishment. On the other hand there are verses that mention "books" like verses 2:285, 4:136, 66:12, and 98:3. There are also verses where "the book" is mentioned in addition to other books like Torah and Injil e.g. verses 3:3, 3:48, 5:110, 3:184.