There were specific instructions for the king of Israel to not acquire many wives for himself, since that could have the effect of turning his heart away from the Lord. This text predates the first king of Israel, so I would say that David and Solomon should have known that this was forbidden. Did it begin in the Catholic Church? If so, when did it become adopted by the Orthodox Church? As for Abraham specifically, aside from the affair with Hagar, he stayed married to one wife (Sarah) until she passed, after which he married Keturah and had children with her. The Bible does not explicitly state that polygamy was forbidden, yet it would have been instructive to note that God created Adam and Eve--not Adam and Eve and Shirley and Tina and... I remember hearing something about a true Saint Nicholas who maybe helped poor children or something, but to be honest, I really don't know much about when Christmas began to be celebrated by Christians. I do know that the Orthodox Church celebrates it on a different day. In today's world, some ultra conservatives may assert that any work on Sunday is strictly forbidden, even though that law applied to Saturday under the Mosaic Covenant and not the New Covenant. Some ultra liberals may assert that merely believing in God's existence is the only thing that matters and that we should just love everyone and not suggest that anything is immoral, despite clear teachings of Scripture that contradict this. Calvin and Luther were contemporaries, both living in Europe during the early to mid 1500s. However, Luther was born in the 1480s and Calvin was born in 1509. Also, while both men were fluent in Latin, each wrote the majority of their works in their native tongues. Calvin in French, Luther in German. However, it seems, while they had significant theological differences in many areas. Luther appreciated Calvin and Calvin appreciated Luther. There is little (if any) evidence that Luther ever addressed Calvin's position on the Lord's Supper specifically. However, due to the debates with Zwingli and Calvin's acknowledgement that his position was more similar to Zwingli's than Luther's he recognized that he certainly put himself in position to be the target of heated name calling or other insults from Luther. Likely this fear was motivated by the heated debates between Luther and Zwingli over the presence of Christ in communion. (1) Martin Luther and John Calvin (2) Schaff, History of the Christian Church, VII, p. 661. (3) The Relation Between the Lutheran and Calvin Reformation (4) Zwingli and Luther: The Giant vs. Hercules I cannot find a reference that he did, but it's possible he may have on a specific issue. From my research there is no evidence that he every called Calvin "the son of the Devil" and in fact those are Calvin's words, not Luther's. So, just how many people physically saw and/or touched the gold plates from which Joseph Smith is said to have translated the Book of Mormon? Ultra liberals are often seen as those who readily dismiss many of the teachings of the Scriptures, preferring some passages and general principles over specifics. I remember hearing something about a true Saint Nicholas who maybe helped poor children or something, but to be honest, I really don't know much about when Christmas began to be celebrated by Christians. I do know that the Orthodox Church celebrates it on a different day. I understand the Book of Mormon has a list of witnesses. However, I have heard that these witnesses may not have actually ever seen the gold plates that contained the original manuscripts for the Book of Mormon, but were witnesses in a different sort of way. Did it begin in the Catholic Church? If so, when did it become adopted by the Orthodox Church? Basically, there are some prophecies that are very clear. Other prophecies are not as clear. Sometimes the meaning gets obscured when we try to fit them into our own desires and plans.