Admitting to mistakes makes us better parents, by the way. We do not lose face by admitting that we know when we are wrong. We lose credibility when we never admit our errors. I would try to find physical activities that she does enjoy and if possible, ones she can share with you. Roll down a hill, dance, jump, run races, walk, swing, soccer/football -- anything you can do that you both/all enjoy. I've decided to add information about redirection and choice to this answer. As parents we have to decide what is important and what is not. It is very easy to become bossy. We do not want to take choices away from children, it causes all sorts of disciplinary problems down the road. If it doesn't matter which shirt they wear, let them choose. If it does matter enough to fight over, then you cannot back down once you've made that choice. You expand the use of choices to other areas. "I am sorry that you chose to break your toy*." The consequence is that now that toy is broken and must be used that way (if it is safe) or they do not have it. This means the consequence is natural and you never need to be angry. *This is simply what happens when a toy is intentionally broken. birth to 3 months Babies spend a lot of time getting to know their own bodies. They: Suck their own fingers Observe their own hands Look at the place on the body that is being touched Begin to realize she is a separate person from others and learn how body parts, like arms and legs, are attached Pretend games -- Let him be the parent and feed you, put you to bed. (Model good behaviour though.) Toy animals and dolls are fun, too. I think parenting is extremely rewarding and could easily be the best thing you'll ever do. BUT, please go into it with your eyes open. From the age of two to about three, children move to playing alongside other children without much interaction with each other. They may be engaged in similar activities or totally different activities but they like being around others their own age. Even though it may appear that they don’t care about the presence of the other children, just try separating them and you will see this contact from a far is very important to them. When I would do an activity with a student and it was one they did not enjoy, I'd give them as many choices as possible. "Do you want to sit here or there?" "Do you want these three questions, or those?" "Do you want the red counters or the blue?" "When you are finished, do you want a story or a puzzle?" The choices made them feel like they had some control and the activities went much faster because they felt like they'd already agreed to it. So I'd just sit in a comfy place where the children could join me. I sang songs and drew little pictures and used props, like puppets or toys. So I would just start reading a story and looking like I was having fun. I'd stop and say things like, "Look at my little engine. I wonder can he climb this mountain (pillow)?" I'd make it look very difficult and soon, there'd be a little helper who would start listening to the story. Within a few weeks, Storytime became an important part of our day. Older children at times will also prefer to play on their own. They may spend hours making up stories with their GI Joes or Barbie Dolls. They like to build, draw, paint, invent and explore by themselves. They hopefully will also like to read and even write on their own. Building -- Again any form of building whether its blocks or stacking toys or putting toys into shapes. Make a garage out of books and put the car in and out. Build a tower and see how high it can go. Knock it down. Keep talking. Colours, prepositions, shapes. It doesn't make if he understands. He will the more you repeat the words. Parten stated that children’s play changed as they developed, going through six distinct stages that generally, but not always, corresponded to children’s ages: In a 'nutshell', the parent changes the subject and redirects the child's attention to another activity when possible. When it is not possible, redirection is a positive way to interact and help the child accomplish or act in the desired way. There are no idle threats or extra words added. We do not add that "You could break your leg." It is possible to talk about those worries at other times, but not in the moment.