Another way you could get around this restriction (so long as you're buying different things in the same cart as both gifts and for you) would be to make the entire purchase a gift, and have gift passes put in your account. You could then send the "gift" part off, and redeem the part that you want to keep. You'll have to use the Finder to get to this directory, and then you can copy these files out, which are in .ogg format. Previously I found another method of extracting the soundtrack, which you can find below: This also seems to jive with the "one copy of a game per transaction" as well. The Steam Downtime Annoucement thread on the Steam forums seems to confirm this is the likely culprit. If you go to the last page of that thread, it mentions some downtime today around this time. If there's no CAPTCHA and you're getting this message, this is usually a (very poorly worded and completely unhelpful) error message indicating that the system is down for maintenance. However, this seems like it could be worked around, especially if you tend to forget to log out of steam when you lock your computer. The account credentials might still be cached, and then you'd end up giving your kid access to your games without your knowledge. That's just one possible attack vector, there may be many others, not to mention storing your passwords in this manner is incredibly insecure. Yes, you can change this in your community profile - change the "Custom URL" field to whatever you wish the URL to end with. However, if it's a Steam game, and you activated the game on your Steam account, there's no going back - it's permanently yours. You can't trade the game if you've activated it to your account. Trading only works with gifts that you've not activated on your account already. You can then drag the shortcut onto your Start Menu. If you just drop it here, it will become "pinned" to the Start Menu, and you can access it quickly. /Users/{username}/Library/Application Support/Steam/SteamApps/common/sid meier's civilization v/assets/Sounds/Streamed/Music/ I don't think you can make a purchase that is part for you and part a gift. When you go to check out, there are two big buttons - buy for your account, or buy as a gift. This seems to indicate that if you want to buy a gift, you'll have to make a separate transaction. I checked around and I found this thread on the Steam forums. It appears to have a sections of interest: GameFly seems to pass the buck and their FAQ says: Don't look at this just as a technical problem that needs a technical solution; it's a complex psychology problem with a technical manifestation. You might try right clicking on the game in your Steam library, and then click "View Downloadable Content" to see if you have "Civ V Digital Deluxe Content (Mac)" as one of your DLC packages. I pre-ordered the Deluxe edition for Windows, and got the Mac version via SteamPlay after that became a feature of Steam, so that might be a factor. I have Steam, a Mac, and I own the Deluxe edition of Civ 5 that I got for Windows, so I thought I'd go digging around to see if I could find the soundtrack. I think the exception to this rule is in European countries, there might be a short-term "out" due to the laws being different there. I don't live in Europe so I can't really comment on how this would change the situation. I also don't know how the GameFly involvement would complicate things, but I'd suggest contacting Steam Support if you're a European gamer. From your Steam library, right click on a game and select "Create Desktop Shortcut." Microsoft -> Windows -> Start Menu -> Programs Give it a little while, and then try to login again. This may be confusing if you're thinking in terms of discs - up to this point we've been mostly trained to associate "disc" with "game" - but that's not the way it works with Steam. You may as well throw the discs out when you buy a boxed copy and just keep the key (not literally! just employing hyperbole ;) - the discs are next to useless for most of these games. In some cases, Steam will just download it from the internet, even if the disc is present in the drive! I found this thread over at Gamers With Jobs to be illuminating. They suggested limiting the access rights to certain applications and/or other files (violent games included) using the Group Policy Editor and file permissions settings in Windows 7. This would ensure that your child's Windows account could not access the games in question, even if your Steam account was properly logged in and authorized. If you want, you can also open the Start Menu's folder, and organize it with Windows Explorer. Where you'd normally type to search, type %APPDATA% and hit Enter. This will take you to the following directory: If the issue is that you've got a fee per transaction with your payment provider, you might have a look at the Steam Wallet, where you can "fund" your Steam account once, and then use it to buy multiple items. There are fixed funding intervals, and I don't know if this is supported internationally, but it's worth a 10 second look. :) Given that so many games are going on sale in the next couple of weeks, if fees are your issue, you might do well to use it. The directory you mention on my install contains a Soundtrack directory, in addition to Sounds, Gameplay, Behind the Scenes, and the Babylon Expansion files.