(1) Talking forgetfully during salat (or even uttering a single word which has a meaning, e.g. saying ‘Ah’ in pain). 

(2) Reciting Salam forgetfully at a wrong place during salat. (For example, if you recite Salam after Tashahhud in 2nd rakat in a 4-rakat salat). Salam in a salat has three parts. Sajdah Sahv becomes wajib if 2nd or 3rd part of Salam is recited forgetfully. If only 1st part is recited forgetfully, then Sajdah Sahv is not wajib, but it is mustahab to perform. 

According to Fiqh of Shia Islam Sajda Sahv is for doing a mistake in obligatory prayers. 

(3) Forgetting to recite Tashahhud during salat. If you forget Tashahhud after 2nd rakat, but remember it before the ruku of next rakat, then you should return and perform it. And after the salat, perform Sajdah Sahv for performing additional standing (qiyam). 

(5) When doubts occurs in the number of rakats in a 4-rakat salat, if it is 4th or 5th rakat, or it is 4th or 6th rakat, or it is 4th or more rakat (as explained in Fiqh Notes #2). 

Sajda Sahv means genuflection of mistake and is for indemnity of a non-intentional mistake in prayer. 

SAJDAH SAHV, NOTES OF LECTURES ON FIQH - By Maulana Abul Qasim Rizvi 

Lecture #3 Maulana Abul Qasim Rizvi, Panjtan Ctr, Melb rev 160107 5 

(4) Adding or omitting something forgetfully during salat, but that addition or omission does not make salat void. (Examples: (i) reciting Tashahhud after 1st rakat or after 3rd rakat in a 4-rakat salat; (ii) doing an extra sajda by mistake; (iii) forgetting zikr in a sajdah or ruku, (iv) forgetting second surah in 1st rakat or 2nd rakat, etc). 

Isha: begins when the twilight has vanished, and ends when the third of night has gone. 

[Jami` at-Tirmidhi], with other Riwayat available. 

No, you shouldn't usher anybody. This will result in a gap in his row because, which is contradictory to what the prophet said: 

Maghrib: begins when the sun had set (and fasting ends), and that's its time, the sun setting (as long as there is twilight). 

The Messenger of Allah (pbuh) said, "Arrange the rows in order, stand shoulder to shoulder, close the gaps, be accommodating to your brothers, and do not leave gaps for Satan. Whoever joins up a row, he will be joined to Allah (i.e., to the Mercy of Allah); and whoever cuts off a row, he will be cut off from Allah (i.e., from His Mercy)." 

Only if there were Imam and one person praying beside him (on his right side with a slight backprayer), then you will have to usher him if you want to pray with them so that both of you will make a row behind Imam, else you should try to fill a gap in the last row, if there is no gap, then just start a new row (by standing in the middle so the Imam is strait in front of you) and join the prayer: 

From what I understand, the differences I need to know about are: 

(AskImam.org write: "The first hadith is a mursal narration. All the narrators in it are reliable. Mursal narrations are accepted by the Hanafi Jurists.") and 

Does that mean that women should do this as well? No. 

I learned to pray Hanafi, Sunni style, although it's now a hodge-podge of different styles. I have no strong preference just as long as I pray to Allah. I only started praying less than a year ago, and my prayer is imperfect, but I've been improving over time. 

Question: Is there an Islamic basis to waiting five minutes after eating before praying? 

As a new Muslim, I learned how to pray from a YouTube video entitled Women's prayer according to Qur'an and Sunnah. Turns out, I learned how to pray from a cute Hanafi girl. The video answers your question, and even addresses the exact hadith you mention: 

I'm seeking beginner-level ("do this and you'll be fine") instructions for being able to pray in Iranian mosques without complications. I want to stay away from the Shia-Sunni politics.