In the latter part of the 20th century this stratagem migrated all the way down to the squad level; one sees it in use during the standard squad leapfrog so popular in WWII movies, where half the squad provides covering fire while the other half advances, and then the roles reverse. The defection of the Dukes of Burgundy from being English allies to being French allies is listed elsewhere as the turning point, but I see this as the effect and not the cause. What sane Duke of Burgundy would stand alone against the French while the English were so focussed on internal squabble to be useless as allies? Far safer and more productive to split Continental spoils plundered from English possessions with the French monarchy, than to risk the dukedom by standing alone against it. Following the death of Henry V (of Agincourt fame) in 1422, England was ruled (in name) until 1461 by Henry VI, who would be incompetent throughout his reign in turn by reason of minority, madness, imprisonment and abdication. During this period the English monarchy was in no position to enforce its claim to the French throne that was the underpinning of the Hundred Years' War, and in fact the Dukes of the realm spent much of Henry's realm squabbling over English spoils, with no time or interest in French ones. Similarly in Iberia, initially a number of stem-kingdoms (Castile, Aragon, Leon, Navarre & Portugal) independently arose as Muslim rule there faded. By what appears to have been deliberate arrangements by those dynasties, a consolidation occurred by 1492 with Spain as a personal union of (Greater) Castile and Aragon and only Portugal remaining distinct. In a society where everyone not attending (a Christian) church at least once a week is suspect of being a closet Jew or Muslim, or worse, and in which the connections made at one's church are essential for business, trade, politics and social advancement, every community needs enough buildings and services to house its citizenry on a weekly basis. Even assuming an average capacity of 1,500 with three Sunday services, 19 churches still only serve 85,500 people. Update #2 - The Conquest of Gaul: In Chapter 5 (of my translation) Failure in the Alps (57 BC), 4th paragraph, Caesar writes: I have seen this and similar comments made elsewhere, though this is the only source I can locate just now. It is important to remember that each of the reported charges by the French knights only lasted a few minutes, say 5 or 6 at the outside, as any charge lasting longer has lost it's most important advantages, speed and momentum.