Pick a growth strategy The next step is to figure out how the site might grow. In business, it's possible your niche is too small (the old refrigerator salesman in Alaska gag). But on Stack Exchange, it's more likely that the segment of the market you are pursuing doesn't know about the site yet. This is doubly true if the site's subject is not particularly related to programming. Spikes in visits, such as what happened in the end of November on L&IS, signal that there is an untapped market waiting to be introduced to your site. If you turn up in search results or get mentioned by movers and shakers or get in the news, you might find visitors coming out of the woodwork. When I first answered a Stack Overflow question, the little number next to my name started to go up. It was pretty neat and made me happy to have answered well. As I submitted more answers, the number started to go up a little faster. Pretty soon I started looking for questions to answer that would make my number improve even more. I love answering questions, but I also liked getting my number to go up. Pretty soon, I found that I made a little calculation before starting to answer a question: "Will this make enough of a difference in my number to be worth my time?" By the end, I was avoiding answering questions that I was interested in answering because there were already a few good-enough answers and I was unlikely to increase my number. 

Accepted answers aren't useful in this case since we are measuring the community's assessment rather than asker's. This is also a potential reason for excluding duplicate closures as askers have a say in that case. It's tempting to think that hiding or truly making reputation optional would fix the issue, but I'm not sure that a fix is possible even if it were desirable. If you look around at questions and answers on Stack Overflow, you'll find they are quite standardized, efficient and timely. In fact, from the point of view of a programmer looking for an answer, Stack Overflow works nicely, thank you very much. It seems like there are plenty of people who can thrive or ignore extrinsic motivation, so there doesn't seem to be a broad problem here. If you want to make an omelet, you're going to break a few eggs. 

Find a niche It can be helpful to think of each site as a mini-startup. The first thing you need to do is make sure that you've got some market you can serve. Area 51 and the Community Managers do a pretty good job of ensuring that a site at least starts out with a vision of what sort of users it will attract. If you have regular users who care enough about the site to visit it week after week, you probably have found yourself a niche. For the chart above, I would guess that L&IS has found its place in the world. 

Something big happened on November 27, 2012. I don't know what, but it really seems to have sparked new interest. Perhaps someone posted a link to a question on some site where librarians like to go? 

Taking that to heart, we've defined a simple "question grade" based on objective measures of community feedback: