On the seventh day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Seven Frosties the Snowman, Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap Unless my lack of experience in the complexity (which many of these are also tagged with) is showing, this seems like a candidate to be burninated. Can we burninate this tag? The post was causing a significant amount of drama, including 16 flags by the OP requesting deletion, rollback/edit wars. Since the post was closed as a duplicate it is sometimes much easier to delete it, than hand-hold it. Your good answer could easily be added to any number of the duplicate posts regarding the issue in the question. Diamond moderators are invested in the site just like any other community user. If that means, they have no flags to handle or want to spend time reviewing and cleaning up posts, then why shouldn't they do that. On the sixth day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap On the fifth day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap Twelve Oh the Horrors, Eleven Chuck Yeagers, Ten Bounty Hunters, Nine Sock Puppets, Eight Lonesome Cowboys, Seven Frosties the Snowman, Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap Badges are supposed to reward activity on the sites. I can say from my own experience, if I find a question that has an alternate solution to the accepted one, I will post it because it might help someone else. On the second day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap On the first day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap Official Entry (within character limit) tl;dr; version On the twelfth day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Twelve Oh the Horrors, Eleven Chuck Yeagers, Ten Bounty Hunters, Nine Sock Puppets, Eight Lonesome Cowboys, Seven Frosties the Snowman, Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap Most days on the site, I'll spend time moderating but will watch the tags that I like to see if there is something I've got time to answer. Answering questions gives me a break from moderating, and moderating gives me a break from other stuff on the site. On the fourth day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap This year during WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Most questions have multiple solutions and since technology is constantly changing, it is possible that there is a new way to solve the problem that will help others in the future. The StackExchange sites are open to anyone and while one person asked the question the solution is not just limited to the original poster. The question and answers are supposed to be a reference point for the community to use so we want to build the best reference possible and limiting that to one answer defeats the purpose. worst-case has 34 questions with it and no tag wiki. Many of the questions appear to be very close to not constructive/too localized i.e what's the best case/worst-case for this?