This will take a lot of persistence and work on your part. You must be stubborn and convince your child that he is NOT going to get to sleep anywhere but the crib. 

For the beach, there wasn't much different: Don't forget to take a hat to the beach. It's very sunny and some days she didn't want to play in the water - only wanted to play with the sand. 

Our roughest day was when it was very hot and humid outside. She was having a lot of trouble sleeping - was 4-5 hours past her nap time. Eventually we had to just drive with her in the car with the air conditioner. She was asleep within a few minutes. We drove for a bit more and then placed her in her playpen. She slept for 3 hours (usually it is 1-2). 

The next night, should be easier, but might still be long. But within 3 days, he should get used to sleeping his crib. He should be convinced, that no matter how much he cries, kicks, or does, that he will eventually end up back in his crib - and only his crib. NEVER give in and put him in your bed with him. The first time you do this, it might be very frustrating so do it on a night where you don't have work the next day. (Friday night?) The important part is to convince your child that no matter what happens, he is NOT going on your bed. 

I haven't heard of four months being the magic time when gas pain goes away. Usually gas pain happens when the kid's stomach is adjusting to something new - breast milk, solids, etc. So it'll "come back" when you start your child on solids. 

Breastfeeding has plenty of benefits that made it worthwhile for me - never having to warm up milk, never having to buy, wash, or sanitize bottles, etc. Growth spurts phases are better because you're not measuring how much milk they need - you just let them drink as much from the boob as they need. Toddlers control the rate of flow better from the boob than from the bottle (little risk of over-feeding). Not sure if it has to do with pumping or not, but I didn't have to deal with engorgement either. My daughter, having never taken the bottle, moved directly from a boob to a bottle. 

On the other hand, sometimes significant fees for infants are actually worth it; I've seen hotel and resort offers where everything you'd need for the baby is included, from bibs and baby food, over high-chairs and cribs, to wireless long-range baby monitors and professional babysitting. In some of these cases, this would actually be cheaper than arranging it on your own. Except diapers and baby wipes. We had to bring our own. Not a problem though. 

Can you share experiences with benefits/drawbacks of either of these options? The reasoning behind the wrapping is that the birth is quite an environmental change to the baby: You're safe in a nice and warm and soft womb, but suddenly this is replaced by light and air and space and hands and surfaces. Wrapping the baby gives some comfort (although not all babies like being wrapped, they enjoy their newly-won freedom). 

You can wrap the baby like this for several months, as long as it's comfortable for you and the baby. 

In the beginning, newborns can't make any sense at all of what they're seeing. They have no depth perception so everything is two-dimensional, and they only really perceive things that are very close to their face. They also are also much better at seeing dark/light contrasts than colors (ThinkGeek.com used to sell a high-contrast mobile). 

As long as the baby has not developed enough muscular strength in the neck to lift the head when lying belly-down on a floor/bed, the head must also be adequately supported. All carriers I've seen handle this well so it's not an important selection criteria but it must be paid attention to while wearing the carrier. 

You know how you can tell Chinese from Spanish, even if you speak neither? Children up to at least 7 years of age are incredibly good at telling languages apart - even languages they don't speak. Children can learn a lot just by listening. Each language has a different melody, different intonations, different sounds. The first time you do this, it might be very frustrating so do it on a night where you don't have work the next day. (Friday night?) The important part is to convince your child that no matter what happens, he is NOT going on your bed. For the beach, there wasn't much different: 

The next night, should be easier, but might still be long. But within 3 days, he should get used to sleeping his crib. He should be convinced, that no matter how much he cries, kicks, or does, that he will eventually end up back in his crib - and only his crib. NEVER give in and put him in your bed with him. 

I haven't heard of four months being the magic time when gas pain goes away. Usually gas pain happens when the kid's stomach is adjusting to something new - breast milk, solids, etc. So it'll "come back" when you start your child on solids. Breastfeeding has plenty of benefits that made it worthwhile for me - never having to warm up milk, never having to buy, wash, or sanitize bottles, etc. Growth spurts phases are better because you're not measuring how much milk they need - you just let them drink as much from the boob as they need. Toddlers control the rate of flow better from the boob than from the bottle (little risk of over-feeding). Not sure if it has to do with pumping or not, but I didn't have to deal with engorgement either. My daughter, having never taken the bottle, moved directly from a boob to a bottle.