Beyond that, having candidates for almost every seat is also part of what makes a party one of the main parties in the country, there are many others who only contest a few constituencies and a few who strives to be present in most places (UKIP had 539 candidates, the BNP and the Green Party a bit over 300 each, for 573 constituencies in total). 

The most dramatic aspect of this election is the (projected) number of seats the party and its allies is likely to win next week, not the proportion of vote. We will only truly know when the final results are in but the models presented in the media predict somewhere between 400 and 455 seats for the party. That's a lot, more than any party could win in the last few parliamentary elections so that would be an extraordinary feat in itself. This for a movement that did not exist a few months ago and managed to completely upset the party system, as SJuan76 already explained. 

Also, there are countries where you don't have to register per se, you are either automatically added to the election roll when you turn 18 or the list of eligible voters is based on a (mandatory) population register. But in countries like the US or France, there is no such population register or any obligation to register your place of residence with the authorities (apart from specific purposes like paying taxes) so if you want to vote, you have to register separately. 

Consider a Germany where the Bundestag only includes members of parliament with a Direktmandat and simply elects the chancellor and the president. Beyond all the differences, that would be enough to have a government elected by a plurality of all voters. This is the most important reason. 

(Extending my comment to a proper answer) Police custody is, in and of itself, a severe restriction on your freedom. It effectively prevents you from exercising many of your rights, including moving freely, worshipping, talking to whomever you like, etc. That's why, in many countries, it should in principle only happen when it cannot be avoided and only to the extent necessary to attain a limited number of goals explicitly named in statutes (like solving a crime that just happened). That's also why there are procedural rules to follow for the police. 

By contrast, what does gripe a parliamentary system are parties that eat up votes from other parties (or the main left/right blocks of parties) but are reluctant or unable to participate in any coalition (in a way, that's the case for the NVA in Belgium, Die Linke in Germany, etc.) even when election results are clear-cut. 

Often, who the next head of government should be is obvious and the head of state has no actual discretion but formally the rule is still “the head of state picks a prime minister” or something like that, with no legal constraints whatsoever. Similarly, in many countries, it is not forbidden (and sometimes not unusual) for cabinet ministers not to be members of parliament at the time of their nomination.