12 See, e.g., W. VA. Code Ann. § 16-3-1 (West 2011); Okla. Stat. Ann. tit. 63, § 1-502(a) (West 2010). E.g., there is no space for economy of scale on drug prohibition policy. It costs basically the same to prohibit it federally as on state level, even if you try to use DEA enforcement costs as a yardstick. Each state's rules are different, here's an example from Georgia: "However, because Darwin was not an officially registered write in candidate, the Georgia Secretary of State did not tabulate those votes". As such, no electors will be pledged to such a write-in "3rd term" ineligible candidate, since the candidate will NOT, legally, have won in any of the states, all ballots with their name being invalid/empty. Then there's of course the 1963 type recourse, if you subscribe to a certain type of conspiracy theories. If such a concern was discussed, what were the proposed arguments, proposed solutions, and was a consensus arrived at, eventually, on the topic? Of course, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, as Yannis's answer noted, has no written constitution. 11 The doctrine of parens patriae regards the state as sovereign ("[T]he state in its capacity as provider of protection to those unable to care for themselves."). See Black's Law Dictionary (9th ed. 2009); See Heller v. Doe, 509 U.S. 312, 332 (1993) ("'[T]he state has a legitimate interest under its parens patriae powers in providing care to its citizens who are unable ... to care for themselves,' as well as 'authority under its police power to protect the community'…."). 6 See 42 U.S.C.A. § 247d (West 2011) (also known as the Public Health Service (PHS) Act); See also Pub. L. No. 107-188, 116 Stat. (2002) (Section 319(a) involves the PHS Act); See also Gostin, Public Health Law, at 205-06 (citing Act of May 27, 1796, ch.31, I Stat. 474 (repealed 1799)) (Gostin discusses the history of federal quarantine regulation); See also Edwin Maxey, Federal Quarantine Law, 43 Am. L. Rev. 382, 383 (1909). A lot of people simply don't know (and largely don't care) about being technically a dual citizen. Heck, I might theoretically be a Russian citizen (as an immigrant from fUSSR), but absent a practical need to ensure that I'm not, I won't ever bother checking - it literally seems like a waste of time to me, vs more important things like posting on StackExchange :) Ultimately, like any politics involving the use of force internationally, it boils down to creating actual conditions such that the original country is no longer either able or willing to wrestle back control - either by being defeated by force or by its populace losing will/interest in such things (the latter happened with most colonial powers in 20th century). They did, in a way. This is partly why they insisted on small, less-powered, federal government. Canada explicitly follows UK model The first time it was formally put down was by a french socialist Louis Jean Joseph Charles Blanc, who said "à chacun selon ses besoins, de chacun selon ses facultés", which is often translated as "from each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs". This is why, for example, UK does not have what is considered a "written", or "codified", Constitution, despite having a set of laws which comprise its "Constitution". None of those laws are any different procedurally from any other law, and can be changed by the Parlament like any other law. Whatever local laws may be applicable based on United States' treaties/agreements with the placement nation Opponents fear Maduro would stuff the assembly with supporters and manipulate the elected seats by giving extra weight to pro-government workers and unions. E.g. Yisrael Beiteinu (until October 2012 the third largest party in Knesset, and which has just merged with Likud into what is generally considered the strongest party in Israel, Likud Yisrael Beiteinu) - has had as its electoral planks, and introduced into 15th Knesset - the creation of Constitution (as well as a change to Presidential form of government).