How are these typically handled between the author, the novel publisher, and the short story publisher? Do novel publishers seek out these deals? Do the authors seek them out and then have to "OK" them with the novel publisher? 

A great resource for learning about how to craft effective query letters is Query Shark. Miss Snark's Blog also says quite a bit on the subject (though that blog is no longer updated). I'm sure there are other good resources out there too, if you do a little searching. 

Finally, if the agent likes the entire work, they will offer representation. Alternately, they may ask to see a rewrite before offering representation. There are a number of things to consider at this stage, namely how well you and the agent "fit". Numerous agents offer advice about this on their blogs, but I won't go into detail here. 

Alternatives While querying agents is the most well-known way to get a book into print, there are alternatives you can explore. 

Generally, your proposal should be a double-spaced, unremarkable 12pt serif font like Times or Times New Roman. I typically include a page header with my last name, the book title and the page number. There are a number of good online and print resources with more detailed instructions, I would highly recommend finding and following one --Writers' Market generally includes one in each edition, for example. Also be aware that many publishers/agents prefer to receive a query letter first, and a full proposal only on request. (The query letter usually contains only the hook, platform and comps. It's a good idea to include some indication that you've specifically targeted the recipient, not just sent out a generic e-blast.) 

If money is no barrier, your other option is an advertorial. This is an editorial article presented in space that has been purchased at advertising rates (which are typically very very high). It will be clearly marked as "ADVERTISEMENT" and no endorsement of any sort by the publication will be implied. 

Comps (comparison books): What similar books are currently doing well in sales? 

As I've mentioned repeatedly on this SE: Successful self-publishers (who do exist!) are very good and tireless salespeople. The quality of the book is actually secondary to the salesmanship. What works, typically, are speaking engagements, hand-selling, networking, and a well-targeted niche audience. As long as you are committed to selling each copy of your book personally, you can basically sell as many as you want. 

The general trend in poetry over the last hundred years has clearly been towards the increasing dominance of free verse. However, I don't see any point in trend-chasing when it comes to poetry. Most poems that make it into print are either in self-published chapbooks, or from tiny boutique presses that publish for the love of poetry, not for profit. Given that commercially successful poetry is almost a contradiction in terms, there's absolutely no reason not to write what you like, and what you're good at. 

Self-Publishing - In legitimate self-publishing, the author takes on all the jobs of the publisher, including typesetting, layout, cover design, proofreading, publicity, marketing and sales. The author keeps all profits from sales of book, minus the initial printing costs. This is typically a good route for those who are using the books as a sideline to a business such as motivational speaking, or who are excellent at sales. Self-published books tend to garner little respect because they haven't been through the vetting process of a traditional publisher, and because the production values are often low. (A well-done self-published book, however, will not be easily identified as one.) 

Traditionally, the place for a non-journalist who is not hired by a magazine or newspaper to be published in that publication is the "Letters to the Editor" department. This is an open-to-all-comers features, which runs submissions without payment and expressly without the endorsement of the paper. 

There are a LOT of writing books, and their quality and usefulness (and potential for harm varies greatly). Personally, I've found the following kinds of books most useful: 

Alternatives While querying agents is the most well-known way to get a book into print, there are alternatives you can explore. 

Some publishers will accept queries or full manuscripts. You may choose to submit directly to these publishers. Small presses may be more likely to look at your unrepresented work. If your book does garner interest, you may choose to deal with contract negotiations and the rest of the business side of publishing on your own. A better alternative is probably to get an agent at this point. It won't be hard when you tell them you already have a publisher who wants to buy your book. 

How are these typically handled between the author, the novel publisher, and the short story publisher? Do novel publishers seek out these deals? Do the authors seek them out and then have to "OK" them with the novel publisher? 

EDIT: As MGOwen points out, there are some incompetent and/or exploitative people in the agenting business too. Preditors and Editors is an award-winning website that can help you check up on agents to make sure they're on the up-and-up. You should also look for agents that are members of AAR - the Association of Author's Representatives. This is the primary professional organization for literary agents. 

In one instance, the editor couldn't understand a swearing slang/insult, and asked me to change it. However, from the surrounding text, it was clear the character was swearing, so I kept it in, reasoning it would widen the cultural horizons of my non-UK readers, as they would learn a new swear slang in another language. 

Selling books is hard, and most publishers fail at this task (I've heard figures like one or two authors like EL James making the bulk of profits). Just having a good strategy isn't enough, as things that sound good on paper fail miserably in the real world. 

I have heard figures like 100,000 - 250,000 books are published every year, but this probably includes already established authors. 

When you read an American book, do you feel confused when someone uses color (without a 'u')? It's the same on the other side, isn't it? Like Jay says, you may need to be careful of some words like lift, but even that isn't that big a deal. 

Edit: 1st time author means- 1st time ever published under any name, in any format( paper or ebook), self published or otherwise.