Despite the recommendation, you can now add a bumper to the crib if you wish. Crib bumpers are EXTREMELY DANGEROUS before kids can move around on their own, but MOST deaths and injuries occur before they gain motor control. Bumpers have not been demonstrated to actually prevent crib injuries, if it at least softens the blow so you are only waking up if the bump hurts and he needs you to awake, he is largely past the danger of being hurt by the bumper. 

The article I linked above recommends against them entirely but offers reasons and examples that for the most part, apply only to children that lack full motor control. The danger is mostly associated with kids that cannot fully control their motion and therefore cannot move away from the bumper. Assuming all recommendations against their use are given for the same reason, the danger of a SIDS incident for your child because of a crib bumper has passed. He is passed the danger zone of the first year AND since he is moving around so much, we can all be assured he can move away from a bumper if he gets too close which avoids most suffocation hazards (even in his sleep, his brain will make him shift to an easier-to-breathe location). 

I personally think the best way is to get them comfortable with the toilet (its sounds, sitting on one, washing hands after . . .) by spending time in the bathroom together singing songs, play hand clapping games, I used to sing to my 2's class, "tinkle tinkle in the potty, get that stuff out of your body, it is so much better for you, to use the potty for your pee pee and your poo, tinkle tinkle in the potty. . . It always got a laugh. 

I've known quite a few kids that just wanted to hold on to something while they fell asleep. Having a cozy, or something to regularly cuddle with is also completely normal and acceptable at this age as well. I wouldn't jump to the conclusion it means he is fearful, its just a part of how he sleeps. Do you have a favorite pillow you always sleep better with? Think of it as being similar. It is just part of how he falls asleep best right now - and it is fairly common for his age. 

We had always put her to bed sooner than we went to sleep anyway, but she was pretty used to having us with her until she was asleep. To help her adjust we slowly moved away physically during "fall asleep time." We introduced age-appropriate calming things like back-rubbing (just a gentle touch in a circular motion, not massage), lullabies, bathtime, bedtime routine with teeth brushing and all in consistent order. . . stories and such as she gained in age to help put her in a sleepy mood. 

You've asked another question that makes me think you are already getting the kids to work on staying out of your room (or that this question is retro-active) so I'll leave that part of the equation to that other question. 

Perhaps he misses out on something cool (a play-date with a friend for example) so he can to do some chores that other members of the house would normally do to allow his family members to "catch up on sleep" that has been missed because of his loudness and activity at night. Whatever you decide to do in this regard, I suggest making sure it is purely a consequence for having awaken every one else, and not for not sleeping. 

While teething is absolutely a possibility as are a number of things (including just a developmental change or difficulty with self-soothing), I wanted to throw this one in the mix. Apparently, this answer is rarely the solution, but when it is the solution things change very quickly. 

Any time he goes poop in the diaper, have him watch you roll the poop off the diaper and into the toilet while you talk about how poop and pee belong in the toilet and then flush it together. I am not a fan of "rewards" or "punishments" there are natural rewards like, not feeling "icky" and the reward of the independence that comes with being diaper free and becoming a "big boy" that are likely to work with your kid (simply talk about them), but rewards work really well for lots of kids too. 

If he is still functioning fine the rest of the day, he may not need the sleep right now. As long as he isn't keeping the rest of the house up, you are probably better off coming up with ideas with him for options for how to spend those awake hours in the middle of the night. Of course his options should be quiet and not bother others, but also be soothing and the kind that are likely to allow his brain to calm down and let him sleep too. Punishing him is likely to leave him in a lose-lose situation where he is stressed out because he knows he is supposed to be sleeping but can't and is bored out of his mind because it is dark and he is supposed to be quiet but he is wide awake and can't do anything about it.