This approach, while having possible upsides listed above, has very little downsides for him. The exact quote in the OP's question ("will keep you in suspense") seems like strong proof this is part of motivation. Social anti-progressivism (opposition to typical progressive social policies)... I'd call it social conservatism but there are subtle differences there, such as the fact that American social conservatism is almost invariably PRO-religious and conflicts with #3 below. Unlike the next set of choices, they support #4 on philosophical/ideological grounds. So if #4 is very important to you, this fits better than fascists or Islamists we will talk about next. The only possible deviation might be #6 (patents), I simply don't have a clue what fascists thought of that, but quite possible they would be pro-SOPA etc... for philosophical reasons. He doesn't like to do what he's told. This much seems fairly obvious about his personality. So, if #4 is ideologically important to you, go with Pat Buchanan instead. If you are willing to live without #3, #5 and possibly #6, but care about #1, you would be a great fit with two different forces: OK, this one is pretty much one of the main areas of disagreement between many libertarians and the hawkish parts of GOP. If you are willing to live without #3, and care about #4 and #5 (isolationism AND avoidance of racism/antiSemitism, at least on official level) more than about #1 and #6, you may mesh to a degree with Pat Buchanan ultra right social conservatives. Admittedly, they were historically associated with racism and anti-Semitism, but these days many of them just no longer care about opposing #5. They definitely are less antiSemitic or racist than the next bunch. Are there any statistics (or at least reasonable estimates from research) on how many USA citizens emigrated to "socialist" countries? Mohammad Nabi Omari was the Taliban's chief of communications. Nabi had "operational ties to Anti-Coalition Militia (ACM) groups including al-Qaida, the Taliban, the Haqqani Network, and the Hezb-e-Islami Gulbuddin". Direct things POTUS can do Among things you didn't mention: There exists a populist right wing opinion[1] that UN funding from US should be meaningfully diminished (or US should get out of UN, as the more extreme position), due to UN pursuing agenda that is often anti-US-interests. In general there are concerns from USA about people who seek such citizenship, for example, to bypass economic sanctions (not just terrorists and criminals). E.g. St. Kitts was used by Iran. There are plenty of other topics where libertarians disagree with GOP but DNC would not be much of an improvement in practice based on observed history (war on drugs/drug legalization, prostitution legalization, SWAT and aggressive police tactics, censorship etc...) "I am absolutely convinced that there are weapons...I saw evidence back in 1998 when we would see the inspectors being barred from gaining entry into a warehouse for three hours with trucks rolling up and then moving those trucks out." -- Clinton's Secretary of Defense William Cohen in April of 2003 SCORE: 3 fully supported (#1,#2,#6). #3 supported by originals but not USA clones. #4 as applied to USA but not as universal ideology. Definite no: #5 “The community of nations may see more and more of the very kind of threat Iraq poses now: a rogue state with weapons of mass destruction, ready to use them or provide them to terrorists. If we fail to respond today, Saddam and all those who would follow in his footsteps will be emboldened tomorrow.” — Bill Clinton in 1998 Unlike Ukraine, some of these islands had passports that allowed easy visa-less travel to USA/Canada etc... to people that US/Canadian government would prefer NOT to bypass standard visa issuance/immigration process to screen out various undesirables (criminals, terror suspects etc...) OTOH, this is a good-to-halfgood fit with "right wing" parties, from GOP to libertarians (the latter fit 2 of 4 bullet points). “We have known for many years that Saddam Hussein is seeking and developing weapons of mass destruction.” — Ted Kennedy, September 27, 2002 Determine how laws get interpreted and enforced. In many cases, that has very legislative-like effects, especially when Congress leaves large pieces of the law to open to interpretation. As such, did any of them offer any specific proscriptive approaches (not merely "factions are bad, duh!" descriptive ones; nor "public official and the public should strive to work towards public good in good faith" moralistic ones) to discourage faction formation in the newly designed system of governance, the way they offered checks and balances in various ways to address other issues?