We-Play-What-We-Can-Play-Best comp This comp usually leads to the "we lost because of bad picks" comments. It's usually playing champions that people are the strongest with but ignoring the real composition of the team. While this may work out for solo queue it's usually a bad thing to pull off in team rankeds/tournaments. The only cases it really works is when you pick a guy that play a champ well and you build the team around it (Overpow on kayle for example). The problem is that your main champions will get banned in tournaments and very high elo teamrankeds since you exactly know who your opponent is. Pro You can play what you are best with Con Your champions can be banned, Rest of team has to build around your champ. Example champions Insert your favorite champions here Strongest phase Insert strongest phase of your favorite champion here 

I hope this helps a bit but the topic is just too huge to be discussed online. I can really recommend the guides over at Solomid.net. They usually have good players writing in-depth guides which include the most common lane matchups and how to deal with them. 

Now this only counts for tournaments. You can prepare to a certain degree in high level Teamrankeds by knowing all the teams in your elo but you will only be able to exactly know what or who you are against the next (few) game(s). The preparing the team for the upcoming match is mostly job of the team coach. The players only have to put the theory into practice (sure sometimes they have to learn certain champions but when it comes to picks & bans it's mostly theory). I personally won two tournaments with my team because our enemies didn't prepare as much as we did. And by preparing I don't mean "Hey i'm gonna check out his lolking and then I know what champions he picks". No. I mean analysing the playstyle of every single player in the enemy team. You have to find out how they handle different situations. CLG is a good example of a team that relies on a good but risky strategy. They almost always play lategame comps. So what should you do? You pick a team that wrecks the enemy early so there will be no lategame. Finding out favorite champions of players is an important thing too of course but the playstyle of a player will tell you more than his match history. You have to watch previous matches, previous tournaments and maybe even scrim with them. As soon as you know how they play you can start counterpicking and counterbanning. I don't really know how much of a problem too little preparation is in LCS but I think even there you will sometimes lose because of it. 

The following is an example of a traditional "Aura" 

UNIQUE Aura - Legion: Nearby allies gain 10 Armor, 30 Magic Resist and 10 Health Regen per 5. 

R-DPS champions that have attack steroids (bonuses to attack speed, damage, critical strikes, etc.) and tend to rely on their auto-attacks for damage gain a significant DPS boost from having an Infinity Edge. The time at which you purchase the item depends on what stats you need to scale into the mid and late game phases. Item purchases in League of Legends is about spending your gold on what is most efficient. This means the most benefit for your champion given the gold cost. Infinity Edge, while being one of the most expensive items in the game, is also easily the single most damage enhancing item for champions that rely on their auto-attacks. 

Twisted Fate - Twisted Fate's Wild Cards ability is arguably his best source of damage in the early stages of the game. It has a very long range and wide area of effect, a short cooldown and decent damge that scales with...Ability Power. There are Twisted Fate builds that focus attack damage, critical strikes and attack speed but those builds tend to leave his Wild Cards ability under leveled and underused. It basically removes one of his abilities since the flat damage it offers late game is lacking if you haven't purchased AP. 

Now that we have an understanding of the item in question lets look at the different types of R-DPS champions (Cr Type Sort and find R-DPS). For your convenience the same champions are listed here: Ashe, Caitlyn, Corki, Ezreal, Graves, Kog'Maw, Miss Fortune, Sivir, Teemo, Tristana, Twisted Fate, Twitch, Urgot and Vayne. 

Vayne - Vayne can pick up an Infinity Edge as one of her first major purchases but it does not necessarily need to be rushed. Vayne's Silver Bolts deal damage based on the maximum health of the target and her innate ability (Night Hunter) gives her a move speed buff so long as she is moving toward an enemy she can see. What Vayne is lacking early in the game is an escape. Picking up a Zeal and boots early on will allow you to close, get additional procs of you Silver Bolts ability and escape with the added movement speed if necessary. Tumble can dodge some abilities and Condemn can stun enemies if they are foolish enough to stand next to walls but it is better to assume that your enemies will do what will cause you the most harm and account for your ability use.