Translation projects are current active in 2422 languages We distinguish between these holy books and the apocryphal ones, Wikipedia says that the Chicago Manual of Style specifies a colon while MLA style specifies a period, but only a tiny fraction of Bible verse references would be from people strictly following either style. More relevant to Biblical studies and theology, the SBL Handbook of Style uses colons. 

The original manuscripts are not believed to be in existence any more, and most manuscripts we do have aren't easily accessible. But some important ones can be viewed online: 

The Bible is currently being translated into thousands of languages, so the number is always changing. The Bible is also usually published in stages, so there are more languages with part of the Bible than the whole Bible. According to the Barna research group: 

Of the Sufficiency of the holy Scriptures for salvation 

The church may certainly read these books and learn from them as far as they agree with the canonical books. But they do not have such power and virtue that one could confirm from their testimony any point of faith or of the Christian religion. Much less can they detract from the authority of the other holy books. 

http://www.bitterwaters.com/Lilith_in_Bible.html I am confused about what it really means to activate God's power in my life, which I heard my pastor say. 

There are passages that make it sound like something actually comes into us (the Holy Ghost, I heard someone say) and actually changes real life situations...in other words things from from the meta-physical or spiritual world changing us and daily experiences. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lilith#In_the_Bible 

It is the bridge between the physical and spiritual worlds. 

but there is also an external representation of God. For example: 

However, it is very intriguing to point out a fact that there are people who intentionally sin as part of their life style with exceptional health, wealth and well-being. 

So this question really fall under the umbrella of of the fall like mentioned above, that all good or bad are susceptible to the effects of "darkness" (evil, devil): 

It appears in today's (western) culture, people pray and "look up to the sky" or have a mental representation of talking with a human form of God (praying to the human Jesus). 

Translation projects are current active in 2422 languages Of the Names and Number of the Canonical Books Many scholars think the Hebrew text behind the Septuagint is more likely to have been the original, and the Masoretic's longer text was developed from it. I've heard it suggested that the origin of the differences may actually be explained in the text itself: Jeremiah 36 describes the destruction of a scroll containing Jeremiah's oracles which he then rewrites. Jeremiah also uses two messengers, Baruch and Seraiah, to carry his messages to different directions. So the two versions of Jeremiah could have both been written by him, but at different times for different people. 

We distinguish between these holy books and the apocryphal ones, The Bible is currently being translated into thousands of languages, so the number is always changing. The Bible is also usually published in stages, so there are more languages with part of the Bible than the whole Bible.