Was Phoebe a Deacon of the Church in Cenchrea? (Part 2) 

He made his first prediciton for the return of Christ as being on September 6th 1994. After that date came and went, Camping revised it's significance to being the start of the great tribulation and eventually came up with the dates mentioned in the first paragraph. 

There are indications in the text which suggest that these women were female deacons and not deacon’s wives. For instance, there is no mention of the wives of overseers (or bishops); and it doesn’t make sense that the writer of 1 Timothy would regard the moral requirements of deacons’ wives to be worthy of mention, but not those of overseers’ wives. Also, if deacons’ wives were intended, we would expect a definite article or a genitive pronoun in the Greek of 1 Timothy 3: 11 (which could be translated as “the wives” or “their wives” respectively.) However, it is the use of the word “likewise” (hōsautōs) which indicates that a distinct but similar group is being addressed in verse 11. (Giles 1989:61) 

This appears to a revised prediction based on an earlier failed prediction from Harold Camping. Camping predicted that the "rapture" would occur on May 21st 2011, followed by five months of calamitous events before the world would end on October 21st 2011. After this failed to eventuate, He kept a relatively low profile until his death in 2013; however followers of his system (in particular, Chris McCann of the eBible fellowship) modified it slightly, claiming that the end of the world would be 1,600 days after the "beginning of Judment Day" on May 21st 2011, bringing the revised date of the end of the world to October 7th 2015. 

From there, adding 7,000 years gets us to the ballpark (depending on year length chosen and type of calendar used etc.) of the present where Camping identified 1988 as the 13,000th year of human history and an important milestone with regard to calculating the final timeline of human history, being the end of "the Church Age" - it certainly was for him, as this was the year he left the Christian Reformed Church, later declaring: 

After admitting to being flabbergasted that things hadn't turned out the way he'd expected, Camping apologized in March 2012 - "We humbly acknowledge we were wrong about the timing." and announced he would no longer make doomsday predictions. However after his death, his family and supporters vowed to continue to promote his teachings. 

John Chrysostom weighed in on the debate about whether the women in 1 Timothy 3:11 were deacons or not. In his Homily 11 on 1 Timothy he wrote: “Some have thought that this is said of women generally, but it is not so, for why should he introduce anything about women to interfere with his subject? He is speaking of those who hold the rank of deaconesses.” In response to 1 Timothy 3:12 (including the idiomatic phrase “a one woman man”)[12] he added “This must be understood therefore to relate to Deaconesses. For that order is necessary and useful and honourable in the Church . . .” 

Was Phoebe a Deacon of the Church in Cenchrea? (Part 1) 

The Scriptures detail not just the possibility, but the inevitability of "false shepherds", "lying prophets", "false brethren" & "antichrists" and in the context of the new covenant, the "sheep" are by no means obliged to follow any of these, but are instead to be lead by the Lord himself to "go out and find pasture": 

It is based on the understanding that some aspects of the Prophecy given by Ezekiel against the King of Tyre are more correctly directed at the demonic influence empowering that King identified to be Satan himself and the influence the KJV has had on the formation of Pentecostal doctrine. Consider: 

*This is a passage where a masculinist bias in a majority of English translations is particularly evident - I personally find it fascinating and illuminating to read a translation that preserves the gender neutrality of the original Greek. 

1. In broad terms at least. There were some arguments about the authenticity of individual books that later came to be accepted (or excluded) from the New Testament canon. However these arguments centred around whether they were authentic in regards to their apostolic credentials. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antilegomena for further information on these disputes. 

One of the bases of the system that Camping employed to come up with his dates was from a particular day-age interpretation of Genesis 7:4 - 

The fact is, that many Protestant churches actively discourage "Church shopping" (in its usual perjorative sense) because at its heart it violates the Scriptural principle inherent in Hebrews 13:17a - 

Disclaimer: I believe this perspective represents an orthodox Christian (those who would agree with the content of the early creeds - Apostle's, Nicene etc.) view, if you disagree, I would greatly appreciate your criticism as to where it may differ. 

A Gentile who does not have the (Mosaic) law is perfectly analagous to a patriarch (or matriarch) before the (Mosaic) law was given. The knowledge of right/good has been passed down to a degree (though quite imperfectly) as we are still image-bearers of God (though corrupted), the experential knowledge of wrong/evil has been passed down generationally only too adequately as mankind are inheritors of the original sin in their very nature as children of Adam and expert practitioners in what is wrong, however this latter knowledge is not of itself any use as a moral compass unless we sufficiently retain the knowledge of good that gradually passes from the earth with each generation that abounds in wickedness. 

It may also be noted that the only two contemporary theologians of note who were consulted on the issue did not consider there was any ground for religious objections to anaesthesia. Thomas Chalmers (1780-1847), possibly the greatest of 19th century Scottish churchmen, regarded the issue as one for "small theologians" who, if they entertained such objections, would thus be taking "an improper view of the subject".33 George Rapall Noyes (1798-1868), Professor of Hebrew and Oriental languages and Lecturer in Bibilical literature and theology at Harvard Divinity School, has been described in the Dictionary of American Biography as "one of the ablest Biblical scholars of his day". His view, expressed in 1848, was that "God could not have intended, by any thing in the Scriptures, to oppose the development of any of the laws of nature; which are his own laws. The application of the agents of nature, by human ingenuity, to the relief of pain, is also the use of God-given means by God-given powers. How, then, can such a course be irreconcilable with any intimations of the divine will whatever?".36