Another good strategy is to hire a melee companion, who will gladly run in and provide a distraction while you add your damage. Just remember that you can't get a sneak attack on a creature who is in combat with your companion, so try to get your sneak attack in first, before your companion runs in as a distraction. If you have a wide variety of skills, you have answers to anything the enemies could throw at you. No enemy is resistant to everything. You can use magic skills on the warriors and weapons on the mages, taking advantage of everything's weakness. If you only focused in 2-handed weapons, those heavily armored gap-closing enemies would really give you a tough time. I think it must have been a glitch that never cleared Odahviing as an enemy when he was captured. If this happens for anyone else, try zoning back and forth to see if it is solved. 

Hagravens can be a real pain. Remember that you can dodge the fireballs by moving erratically, and you can dive behind rocks or trees to avoid the blast as well. As a ranged character, you are likely to be able to find a spot behind cover where you can fire at the hagraven, but the hagraven can't hit you back. 

Essentially, use everything you have available to help you and be creative. Each individual aspect of Skyrim's combat may be one-dimensional, but there is still plenty of strategy because there are so many options. Specifically, the quest you need to complete is called "Dragon Rising". 

I walked from Whiterun to Windhelm by following the signs and checking the worldmap. My final destination was Winterhold, however. Once I got to Windhelm, I couldn't find any more signs that pointed what road to take to Winterhold. I looked on the world map, but the roads aren't clearly labeled there like they were in Oblivion. I couldn't see any part of the terrain that looked particularly passable or road-like. You cannot do what you ask in your clarification. You can charge a power attack by clicking and holding the attack button, and the attack will occur a set amount of time after you started charging the attack, depending on the weapon and other factors. This works the same way that it did in Oblivion. The old ways of holding a charged attack back forever and releasing at will from Morrowind are gone. I couldn't wait in the room with Odahviing because of "nearby enemies", so in my attempt to make the Jarl leave, I went to another zone, waited there, and returned. Afterwards, I was able to wait in the room with Odahviing. This also resulted in not everyone immediately attacking him once he was free, which solved my problem. I eventually took a carriage to Winterhold, but I would like to know what route I should be taking if I decide to walk there in the future. Where is the road to Winterhold? I was really trying to play a "good" character, but long story short, Belethor pissed me off for the last time. I often visited his shop to sell little odds and ends that wouldn't sell at the other, more specialized shops. Now that he's...not with us any more, will someone step up to take his place? Or will I need to find a new shop to frequent? No, you shouldn't have issues. In fact, you'll probably find the game more playable than you would have if you did specialize in only one thing. This can make the assassination quite a bit easier, since you are technically acting in "self defense", and you will not be given a bounty for killing the target. You will also not draw aggro from otherwise neutral NPCs in the area, like you would if they noticed you attacking the target in the first place. 

Once you kill the first dragon for the main quest, random dragons can start spawning. It's the second quest in the main questline, so it won't take you very long at all, and it won't reveal too much about where the main quest is going. If you insist on beating it "legitimately", your best bet is to gain a few levels and get some fire resist gear or potions. Use some poisons on your arrows, and apply restore health potions liberally. Remember, you can instantly drink as many potions as you want, so you're only limited by the number you can reasonably afford/create.