Majmoo’ al-Fataawa, 22/488-489. (source islamqa #20953) Where our Messenger avoided calling them by name. These prayers are related to the timings of the five fard prayer and are called sunan rawatib (here scholars may have different opinions on the amount which counts as such and how to: set of two raka'a/set of four etc.). Some of these fard prayers have sunan rawatib which should be performed before the fard prayer, some have sunan rawatib after the fard prayer and some have both. See What are Sunnah Rawaatib?. None of these sunnan rawatib is only one rak'a, unless you meant witr, but usually this is prayed at least after a set of two rak'a. Also note that the calculation method of Um al-Qora was lately (2008) revised from 19° to 18.5° and before that a revision for the time for 'asr prayer has been made based on one single "measurement" by observation of one single (sent out) comity! These statements also show (a little bit) that the Imams had different views about what is authentic and methods about how to determine the authenticity etc. And don't forget all of the 4 Imams where really honorable man with huge knowledge but they where human and they where not infallible! It is acceptable and allowed to perform any du'a (except for the prayers) in any other language so far there's a consensus among scholars. Generally we can say there's no clear evidence for a prohibition to use a different language or an order to use Arabic -only- so it is a matter of ijtihad, it seems that the strongest opinion is: if you are able to speak Arabic and understand what you say you should (at least it is preferable or recommended) make the supplication in Arabic. The whole of this may have an impact on the reader or listener either by just listening (reading) or listening and understanding (superficially) or with a deeper understanding which can lead to deeper faith in Allah, abidance, more respect for Allahs creation... The du'a or supplication is quoted in sahih al-Bukhari, sunan abi Dawod, sunan ibn Majah, sunan an-Nasa'i and Jami' at-Tirmdihi, and it is sahih however at-Tirmidhi remarked that it has only been narrated/transmitted through one chain! Catching Salat just before the last word of last Salam A closer look at the three things mentioned in the hadith: How can we offer Fard Namaz with just two people it is highly recommended to pray a nafl of two rak'a either each of you for himself or as a jama'a (I'd prefer the last, as it is a symbol of your first act together as spouses). So maybe what you have observed are people who came late and caught up the prayer one or more raka'a later (See What is the exact manner to join the Salat Jamat after arriving late?), as one is recommended to keep in a sitting position to do some dhikr after finishing prayer before moving to sunnah, so usually only those who joined the prayer after it has started would move up once the imam has performed the tasleem(s) end ended the congregation prayer. As anybody is asked the pray the prayer as a whole so if he missed one or more raka'a (or was behind the Imam with this amount) he should complete his prayer until he prayed the full fard amount! Yes if we have a copy of the Quran we are recommended to respect it for it contains the words of Allah, but we shouldn't worship the hard cover but use the content in our worship of Allah! Prayer timings for the daily prayers and necessary parameters for the calculation Here's a fatwa that goes a bit further (how to pray and fast in countries where the day or night is continuous). Even the actual head of the Council of Senior Scholars Abdul-Aziz ibn Abdullah Al ash-Sheikh an offspring of Muhammad ibn 'Abdalwahhab is known to be against this as he considers that this might lead to haram acts and big malicious things. While he speaks about weak or seducible people (men more exactly) whom might be lead to these haram acts. So I don't think he changed his mind about that.