I saw a similar narration from Imam Jafar al Sadiq that says (about the matters or practices which would be reached the human after the death): Of course the issue could be pondered from another aspect. Actually your words(the Hormah of taking photo) could be true in some specific conditions. such as: 

http://islamquest.net/en/archive/question/fa1144 As a famous issue, it is named some stones as the best one for wearing the rings (for Fingers). Some of them are more famous and are declared as the best ones. Such as Firoozeh (turquoise), Aqiq (agate), Ruby, Dor of Najaf and so forth. I was wondering which one would be considered as the best one according to narrations (hadiths)? Hence, in order to elucidate the issue, there are some significant points which ought to be paid attention, such as: They said, "By Allah, you will not cease remembering Joseph until you become fatally ill or become of those who perish." (85) Note: I am looking for the viewpoint of Shia, although Sunni’s viewpoint would be appreciated as well. 

The surveying of the authenticity of a hadith (tradition) is related to the Elm-al-Rejal and Mostalehul-Hadith. 

Briefly speaking, it consists of 3 groups (respectively): Perhaps the most significant reason of this issue could be related to this matter that as an unwritten general rule, parents (both of father and mother) are considered as the most dear persons from the viewpoint of everybody. Hence in the mentioned issue as you said: Besides, there are many traditions concerning the mentioned issue from Shia Imams; For instance, it has narrated that Imam Sajjad (Zain al Abedin) (a.s.) as the fourth Imam of Shia, permanently he was sorrowing for the event of Ashura during his Imamate period; he cried too much for the mentioned event that he was considered and was titled as “Boka’een” who was counted as the persons who cry a lot. 

To see the complete matter regarding the meaning of thawa, you can refer to the following references. 

Consequently it indicates that how much they are submitting against Allah and his apostle (pbuh). The apostle of Allah (peace be upon him and his family) put his tongue in Imam Hassan’s mouth (when Hassan was a newborn), then Imam Hassan sucked it. Or as another issue, it is narrated that: (briefly) 

3: agreement or dis-opposition with rational reasons 

http://islamquest.net/en/archive/question/fa1962 2: agreement or dis-opposition (no-opposition) with Nesbiat-al-Qat’ee 

It would indicate that although my parents are counted as my dearest, but I absolutely believe that you are the apostle of Allah and I'm completely at your service (to help you), even I will be satisfied if my parents as my best persons be sacrificed for you. 

Consequently, by paying attention to both mentioned narrations (of you and me) it is inferred that the mentioned item of you (going the rewards of Hajj for …) is related to the third part of those hadiths. Actually it could be related to doing good deed from children… 

Any related hadith? (Shia view) 

Have We not made the earth a resting place? (6) And the mountains as stakes? (7) Abdullah ibn umar (the son of second Caliph), did not swear allegiance to Imam Ali (a.s.). Although he was not from Imam Ali’s enemies. He did not support of Imam’s opponents, and so on. According to some narrations, at the end times of his life, Abdullah regretted that he didn’t support Imam Ali (a.s.) and did not war beside him. The verses above-mentioned declare that Jacob was involved in weeping for being away from his son (Joseph)… furthermore there are a related tradition which narrated by Zamakhshari as a Famous Sunni Mofaser (expounder) of the holy Qur'an (And likewise Al-Fakhr al-Razi) who narrated: 

To be honest, I do not agree with you completely as you said "Someone asked me to show him exact reference from the Qur'an and hadith that picture making is a sin" Of note, I found numerous great detailed related answers, but unfortunately were in Persian (Farsi), otherwise I would link them for more helpful information. Researchers of the narrators says that there are four general conditions as the conditions of Hadith acceptance (in a specific step of it): 

For instance, our hadiths have mentioned regarding Aghigh: The significant point is that the word Thawab has repeated 13 times in the holy Quran, and seemingly all of them have the same meaning, actually their meanings are: the reward of good deeds Your question is indeed so interesting. I found some similar matter(s) with some or even much differences. In truth, as a view of Shia and based on what I found: 

Furthermore as Mr. goldPseudo declared "The linked source doesn't in any way claim it is a hadith,” . on the other hand, as the user “Mr. Wiser” mentioned, this solely a dream; As an Islamic rule, all the dreams could not be considered as real truths. On the whole, the significant point is related to the authenticity of the matter above. I wonder what the viewpoint of Shia is regarding this issue. Is there any hadith concerning this matter to confirm this as a beneficial practice?