A part of the question thusfar unattended is whether the concept of phoneme has always been contentious. It has. I suppose the key to handling the examples you have provided is to note that Faith(BR) compares either the Underlying Representation of the base or the surface Representation of the base with the surface form of the reduplicant (thanks to @Aerlinthe for pointing this out). In the Manam examples Faith(UR of base/Reduplicant) would be outranked by a gemeral markedness constraint banning non-homorganic nasal-obstruent sequences. This doesn't appear to be a real problem for OT. Tellingly, in Urbanczyk's (2007) chapter on Reduplication, she discusses the Manam data but doesn't bother to remark on the nasal assimilation in the base. Beginning with Halle (1954), American phonologists in what would become the generative tradition started to argue that the segment has psychologically real status, but that the phoneme is epiphenomenal, its observed properties actually being due to featural processes. As far as I know, there is no detailed criticism of Lodge's proposal, but I think that a good argument against it on internal grounds would be to show that phonetic interpretation of features must be highly constrained and, at some level, language-independent. Odden (2005: 43) "In english, [t] and [th] are predictable variants of a single abstract segment, a phoneme, which we represent as /t/. Predictable variants are termed allophones -- the sounds are in complementary distribution because the context where one variant appears is the complement of the context where the other sound appears." It depends what you will count as evidence, and which position you want to argue against. Internal evidence would show that aspects of a phonological system cannot be described perspicaciously without recourse to segments, while external evidence would involve arguments based on the performance of speakers to the effect that their behavior could not be explained without positing segments in a mental representation. There are two possible positions to argue against, (a) that not all of phonology is organized into segments, or (b) that none of phonology is organized as segments. Obviously (b) will be easier to argue against. see Kortlandt (1972) for discussion on the development of the phoneme in Soviet phonological theory, also Freeman (1935) for an idea of the issues at hand in the early days of American Structuralism.