* Another possibility is to take advantage of pre-cooked meals (fast food, things from the grocery store, etc.) but that is typically more expensive and less healthy, not to mention requiring an extra trip out of the house. For us it is only very rarely worth it and it sounds like you also prefer to cook your own meals, but I mention it for the sake of completeness: some families use that convenience to ensure they can eat together. Of my three children, each started walking at a different age. The youngest did not walk on his own until nearly 14 months -- he was very cautious about his balance, and apparently did not want to risk falling over. The middle one started walking around 12 months, and the oldest was walking at 13 months. I have revised this post, which initially was more focused on an excerpt from Adult Children of Alcoholics by Dr. Janet Woititz. This research is rather dated, and also has led to possibly unjustified assumptions of causation by some researchers; anybody reading this answer and interested in the subject is encouraged to read the comments below, and the links therein. Intervening in somebody else's parenting is often interpreted as stepping in to discipline, but can also take a positive aspect: thanking the toddler for returning the toy ("Thank you, Child is glad to have that back! I'm sure he'll let you play with it soon"), and a brief thanks to the mother ("I appreciate you helping out in that situation"). If this is her first child, she's still learning about this whole parenting thing, too. Getting positive reinforcement from other parents is a nice thing, and it can proactively send a message about what boundaries you're establishing for your own children. Playgroups can be about parental bonding just as much as giving small children a chance to play together. Children meet developmental milestones at different times: children may be walking by 12 months, but not all will be. Some children walk as late as 15 or 16 months. (Ref. Denver II Developmental Milestones chart -- look towards the bottom for gross motor skills, which include walking.) The other parent seems to have taken a cue from you.* You didn't say anything and let the her deal with it, which sends the message that it doesn't bother you on behalf of your son. And when that happens repeatedly, the simpler path for her to take was just let her child have the toy -- that way, it doesn't get stolen anymore and she doesn't have to discipline anymore, problem solved. :P We've got two working adults and three kids — we're very familiar with the scheduling challenges this causes. (Once your daughter starts having extracurricular activities, things will only get more hectic!) I don't intend to say that you absolutely must leave; being a single parent has its own risks and burdens, and you've noted it would have a negative impact on your partner as well. It's a big choice. But help him grasp that he has a problem, and that he can and should change his behavior for the good of his child. Karl suggested Al-Anon in a comment above -- but an alcoholism treatment program is a choice that, in the end, depends on your partner's motivation. You need to focus on your choice of whether or not to keep yourself and your child in that home environment. Recipes are chosen based on how much time we've got, not just how much we like them. Everybody's home by 5 on a weeknight for us, and we've usually eaten by 6. That's key because the kids need to have food before they go to whatever soccer, ballet, karate, or guitar lesson is coming up for the evening. Tuesdays and Thursdays are our busiest nights, so those are spaghetti, sandwich, or beans and rice nights.* On evenings we have a little more time to prepare dinner, there are number of favorites that take longer to cook, but we still know the cook time and know the kids will eat it. Friday through Sunday, when there are very few commitments, we get to try new recipes, cook complicated dishes, or fire up the grill. Children learn how to do things by imitating, so much of this is simple curiosity. ("How does the milk go in the bottle? Does it happen the same way every time? WOW.") But toddlers also start to realize they are independent and have some control over their world. The key thing that worked for us was planning menus in advance. This provided a number of improvements: I would not recommend trying to be unusually exciting or interesting to him on those weekend visits. Once you are able to be with him every day again, he might be confused if you're less engaged with him then -- so behave towards him just as you normally would, more or less. The same games you currently play, reading books, talking, and so on (adjusting as he ages). Much of this is based largely on my personal experience (me and two kids were in another state for multiple weeks once, and there have been occasional smaller chunks of time due to business trips), but you can also find a lot of great suggestions by searching for "long distance parenting".