Yes, wine was most likely used by Jesus during the Last Supper, just as the cups in the Passover Feast are typically wine in today's observances. Yet, there is not prescriptive command to use wine nor is there any prohibitive command against using grape juice. In Revelation 13:18, as cited by Dancek, it is the number of "the Beast". So, the idea is a misconception. When Christians use the word Bible, they are not merely referring to the New Testament, but to the Old Testament as well. This includes the Torah. 

Furthermore, Pilate himself made the following statement: 

The Bible actually gives a lot of instructions, not about finding the right spouse, but about being the right spouse. Husbands are commanded to love their wives sacrificially, as Christ modeled in His sacrifice for the church. Wives are urged to respect their husbands. 

No, it does not. A common mistake is to take a particular situation or statement by one person and attempt to apply it as a rule to all situations. All this passage means is that Paul worked to provide for his own living while he lived among the Ephesians. Paul did accept provision from others in other cities and at other times. The book of Philippians is in many ways a thank you letter for gifts given. So, we might ask, from where does anyone get the notion that the Genesis account ought to be taken figuratively. Quite simply, it comes from teachings based on a portion of scientific inquiry that purports irrefutable evidence of an old earth. 13She seeks wool and flax, and works with willing hands. 14She is like the ships of the merchant; she brings her food from afar. 15She rises while it is yet night and provides food for her household and portions for her maidens. 16She considers a field and buys it; with the fruit of her hands she plants a vineyard. 17She dresses herself with strength and makes her arms strong. 18She perceives that her merchandise is profitable. Her lamp does not go out at night. 19She puts her hands to the distaff, and her hands hold the spindle. 

In addition to this, John the Baptist responded the presence of God Incarnate when Mary visited his mother Elizabeth while both of them were still in the womb: 

Recite what has been revealed to thee of the Book of thy Lord; no man can change His words. Apart from Him, thou wilt find no refuge. S. 18:27 Arberry