6 Nevertheless, all flesh is in mine hand, and he that is faithful among you shall not perish by the waters. 

Again, many of these are touched on in the Bible, but not wholly or completely enough to be unambiguous or not leave significant room for interpretation (hence the many different Christian denominations). But off the top of my head, these are the primary doctrines that are the least clear or mentioned in the Bible and the most clear and discussed in the Book of Mormon. 

In LDS history, the first prophet in our dispensation (a consecutive period of time where the gospel is on the earth and revealed, or "dispensed," through prophets) was Joseph Smith. Before that, the last prophet we have record of is Moroni, son of Mormon, who compiled The Book of Mormon. That was about 421 A.D, well before Muhammad's time. 

So it's worth clarifying that Mormons do not call or consider Joseph Smith as their father. Just a prophet. 

You can talk about what the interior of the temple looks like, and you can freely share the feelings you have in the temple. However, temple covenants and ordinances, including the words used, are too sacred to be discussed in detail outside the temple. By avoiding discussion of these sacred things outside the temple, we protect them from mocking, ridicule, or disrespect. Do not be casual when talking about your experiences in the temple. 

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints teaches that our bodies are temples where the Holy Ghost can dwell (1 Corinthians 6:19–20) and that they were given to us as a gift from God, therefore we are expected to take care of them. 

Although Latter-day Saints around the world hold the United States in high esteem – that the United States was uniquely set apart for the latter-day restoration of the gospel, and that the New Jerusalem will be built on the American continent – they are encouraged to honor the law and be actively involved in strengthening their community wherever they live. 

“The proper use of the Book of Mormon as sacred scripture has been under wide discussion in the 1970s and beyond, in part because of long-standing questions about its historicity and in part because of perceived theological inadequacies, including matters of race and ethnicity” (W. Grant McMurray, 2001, “They Shall Blossom as the Rose: Native Americans and the Dream of Zion”). 

“The Book of Mormon is true, just what it purports to be, and for this testimony I expect to give an account in the day of judgment” (Quoted by David Osborn, in “Recollections of the Prophet Joseph Smith,” Juvenile Instructor, Mar. 15, 1892, p. 173). 

If you are interested in looking at the first translation of the German Book of Mormon (1852), which is in the public domain, you can find scans at Archive.org and on Google Books (links below). Good luck parsing the old German Fraktur! 

At the back of the English hymnbook, this guidance is given: 

Joseph Smith's position on the Book of Mormon was very definitive and bold. However, if you compare those quotes to recent quotes like these from the Community of Christ: 

It becomes clear that the Community of Christ no longer defends the Book of Mormon as a necessary keystone of their religion, especially in contrast to the position of the LDS Church which shares its roots (see, for example, this recent affirmation by a current LDS apostle). 

Local leaders are able to decide which anthems or patriotic songs are appropriate for Church meetings where they live. 

Therefore, from the perspective of a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, while it is true that the Community of Christ has not rejected the Book of Mormon wholesale, the Community of Christ has rejected the Book of Mormon by not standing up for its necessity, power, and divinity. 

Hymnbooks in other languages have around 200 hymns from the current English hymnbook, plus a few additional hymns that are optionally chosen by the translators. None of them have United States patriotic songs; however, a few have local patriotic songs: 

The recording of Das Buch Mormon appears to have been digitized from cassette tapes produced by the Church, based on information from the site's home page. Recordings were most likely produced from the 1980 edition of the German Book of Mormon – the edition that preceded the current 2003 edition – which explains why the recordings are no longer published by the Church. 

The full LDS hymnbook is currently published in 38 languages. The English hymnbook has 341 hymns, including four patriotic songs: 

The LDS believe in chastity or in being sexually pure. The Law of Chasity describes the commandment to not commit adultery, or to lust. 

These passages that you mention are actions of people before they died, in this case in the time of Noah. In the spirit world, there are two parts: spirit prison (usually referred to as hell) and spirit paradise (sometimes referred to as heaven). In 1 Peter3:19,20 the author is saying Jesus went and preached to those in spirit prison, and some of those people in spirit prison were those who sinned in the times of Noah. 

5 https://rsc.byu.edu/archived/selected-articles/god-s-love-mankind 

This is all part of the Plan of Salvation. Mormons believe that before we lived on earth everyone lived in the Pre-mortal life with God as spirits. He presented a plan where we could come down to earth to gain a physical body. The plan involved us (man) to have a veil placed over our mind (so we wouldn't remember the pre-earth life) and we'd have agency, or the ability to choose and act for ourselves. This would mean some would sin and fall away, thereby not retaining one's first estate, or standing with God in the pre-existence. Man would also have the choice to be obedient and be able to return to live with God again (retaining their first estate).