The issue here is pronoun use in Hebrew. What the Hebrew actually says is "the pillar of cloud descended and stood at the door of the tent and [he/it] spoke with Moses". 

The Priesthood of all believers is upheld by everyone in the community having the right and ability to contribute to the interpretation. The community can (and should) give special weight to those with the skills, knowledge and training in biblical interpretation: however there is no hierarchical 'priest' who can dictate to the rest of the community what the interpretation is. 

The universal interpretation of this entire passage is addressed to the Pharisees, who really did think that they could work their way to becoming acceptable to God. In their eyes the better you were, the more God approved and appreciated you, and the more joy there would be in heaven when you got there. In their eyes the rejoicing would be for those that most nearly reached God's standards. The stories told here by Jesus are meant to indicate entirely the opposite. To take the parables to mean something about the nature of perfection would be to go in the wrong direction. 

Second, even if the Jewish leaders knew what Jesus looked like (not at all certain - how would they know that? Would they have gone to hear him speak? How would that have looked to the crowd?) then it's far from certain that the people they sent to arrest him did. Many of them might have been temple guards, or just hired thugs. No reason why they would ever have seen him before. 

In his incarnation Jesus takes on the role of a servant. It's a job he does, and it doesn't in any way diminish his nature. 

First, "his disciples" does not always refer to the Twelve. It can refer to a much larger number, including "the seventy" who Jesus sends out to spread the message. Matthew in particular usually refers to "The Twelve" or "the Apostles" when he is talking about the smaller group and "the disciples" can mean a larger group. 

I'm afraid I'm going to have to leave finding Biblical arguments against this position for yourself, but you might start asking them for the Biblical support of their claims. If you are part of a church that does not hold dispensationalist beliefs, talk to your church leaders about this theology and the church's attitude to it. 

*According to most branches of Christianity. 

The point is that God is above 'dwelling' in places that humans have made. He has his own 'dwelling places (in so far as he dwells anywhere), but has no need of human temples. 

However in reality this isn't an issue as the pillar of fire is elsewhere equated with God. (Exodus 13:21-22) The actual difference in meaning between is at most slight, and at least nonexistent. It doesn't change the understanding of the passage at all. 

This 'community interpretation' happens at multiple levels. A small group may work on interpreting some piece of scripture within itself. That interpretation might be communicated to the church as a whole, which takes account of it, making its own interpretation by which it guides its own life. The church might contribute its understanding to a denominational group, and might take account of denominational understandings in its own interpretation. 

You might consider the analogy of Prince William, who fulfilled the role of a (relatively junior) officer in the Royal Air Force. While fulfilling that role he accepted the orders of his senior officers, and interacted with other officers as an equal; despite the fact that in reality he outranked every one of them. 

In this case there are only two reasonable interpretations. Either the pronoun refers to God, the sender of the pillar of fire, or the pillar of fire itself spoke as a messenger of God. Either would be a reasonable translation of the Hebrew as written. 

Here are some things to help clarify this situation. 

The word translated Advocate here is Paraclete, which is sometimes also translated Comforter. It is virtually universally taken in Christianity to refer to the Holy Spirit. The pronoun "he" is used because the Holy Spirit is a person. (Christian denominations that do not believe the Holy Spirit to be a person - a minority - have other explanations for the use). 

I'm not going to get into the rights and wrongs. Dispensationalism is widespread in the United States, and results in significant numbers of people who call themselves Christian yet believe that the teachings of their God in the person of Jesus are irrelevant to them, and indeed were irrelevant only a few years (or even hours) after they were taught. It's easy to work out the implications of that in the current climate. 

Fourth, don't underestimate the symbolism. Maybe God required Judas to betray with a kiss in order to bring home the magnitude of the betrayal. 

There is a difference between someone's worth, or nature, and their actions. 

In other words, Jesus would not be killed by throwing himself off the temple, and the temptation is to demonstrate this. 

So the likely answer is that God gives the gift of poison immunity to people who need it because they have involuntarily taken poison and who he wants to survive it. 

The passage is not about suicide. You can tell this because the temptation given to Jesus is: