There are advantages to opperating this way that include: You CAN help your child learn how to care for themselves somewhat Stress turn-taking - we listened well to her during those tale conversations, but she was expected to do the same for her parents as well. Everyone got a turn AND modeled good listening. This will probably be especially helpful in your house. When the sister's needs are overtaking his, perhaps he can write a reminder note (it doesn't have to be legible) to give you that there was something he needed that he is waiting on. If he trusts you will get to his need too, he can certainly learn that someone else is having a turn right now. It is really just a matter of consistently giving him the necessary feedback as needed. It doesn't have to be discouraging or disrespectful, and he will forget and need reminders (he is two and they have a short attention span AND memory at this point). Now is a GREAT TIME TO START. The sooner the better actually, you never know when you'll wind up on a plane full of passengers, at a funeral or roped into a restaurant experience with extended family for example, when he'll need to know how to moderate his voice and actions to fit the occasion. I'm going to agree with Valkyrie that part of your son's deal is probably a response to inconsistencies in parenting style that can be confusing to kids as well as a way to cry out for attention (to kids it is often the case that, negative attention is better than no attention). I would avoid using inside/outside voice exclusively. These are great descriptors, but you might couple them with quiet, soft, and loud as well. Our voice level is actually on a continuum and he will need to know a range of voices he can use. Softer and Louder are great vocabulary to use. In services (like weddings, church and funerals) he needs to know how to say nothing at all or whisper very softly. At restaurants he needs to know how to speak in a soft voice, at home his normal voice is fine indoors or outdoors and at the playground or arcade (such as CHuckee Cheese's) Loud voices are okay. I've known quite a few kids that just wanted to hold on to something while they fell asleep. Having a cozy, or something to regularly cuddle with is also completely normal and acceptable at this age as well. I wouldn't jump to the conclusion it means he is fearful, its just a part of how he sleeps. Do you have a favorite pillow you always sleep better with? Think of it as being similar. It is just part of how he falls asleep best right now - and it is fairly common for his age. My daughter is an absolute master at making everything take longer than it needs to (particularly when avoiding something she doesn't want to do, or prolonging something she is enjoying). It is a challenge we've dealt with for a long time and we've done a few things that have helped to keep her focused in the house, like setting up a musical routine for morning and bedtime routines, having a timer around and easily used in every room, etc. It is a big deal for a child to confront the idea of serious "accidents" that cause injury or death. Mortality just isn't usally on their radar yet at this age at this time in History, in our society. She may be looking at this as a near-death moment depending on how she is understanding things, or she may just suddenly feel her safe space was invaded and she is lucky she wasn't scratched - or anywhere in between (I don't know) and your question doesn't indicate so I assume you may not be sure either.. Just in case your child is simply wishing for more time to spend with you and really wants you to stop reading and play instead, before you read your own book or magazine to yourself, read a few with your child to be sure he has had his time with you. At the age of four, your child really does want to simply spend time with you. Most of your adult reading will probably happen when he is asleep etc. However, seeing you read to yourself once in awhile is a healthy thing for kids as it helps them to enjoy reading as well. While you read with him, model how to turn pages gently and what appropriate treatment of these tools looks like. At four, he can learn how to use books and magazines without ruining the pages. Then, make sure to offer your child a magazine of his own to look at while you look at yours. There are some wonderful kids magazines out there like Ladybug and Highlighters, Ranger Rick, Zoo News. . . It doesn't have to be new everytime, but offer up something so he can read alongside you.