But one also should consider that a rule-of-thumb operates in Physics, which is that infinities are to be avoided: one does not have infinite energies, nor an infinite past, and nor an infinite amount of matter, and nor even an infinite expanse of space. On that basis one might want to rule out an infinite number (of whatever cardinality) of worlds. One thing that interests me about this is whether a mathematical object in a context can be considered to be within another context, so that you have for want of a better name a second-order contingency. Mathematics is there - but its certainly not the most important part of his conception. Confusingly Gödel Incompleteness Theorem refers to the notion of decidability (this is distinct to the notion of decidability in computation theory aka Turing machines and the like) - a statement being decidable when we are able to determine (decide) that it has either a proof or a disproof. If all statements in the language are decidable we call it complete. The theorem says that axiomatic systems containing PA is incomplete - that is there are always statements which we cannot find a proof or a disproof. Kronecker converted from Jewish faith to Christianity. He was opposed to non-constructive proofs, he demanded a construction of the actual object. He was in fact against the unrestricted use of the infinite in arguments & that of the use of the excluded middle. In fact one could say he initiated a new school of mathematics - intuitionism. Then given that there has only a finite time has passed since the creation of the universe (the Big Bang), it appears only a finite number of universes are possible, though their number is increasing exponentially. In a way, he's returning to Socrates: in his thinking Philosophy does not produce truths (think of the inconclusively of the Platonic dialogues); but seizes them from other domains - there are four - Politics, Art, Love, Science; and they have their own truth-procedures of producing truths; it is also the condition of their compossibility - that they don't deny the claims of each other - a distinctive feature of Post-Modernity, the disavowal of 'grand narratives'. Truth is indefinable & ineffable. Nobody bothers to define it for that reason. Those that do are aiming at limited objectives, or are engaging in chasing circular definitions which has its own amusement. If none of these, then does it lie with Philosophy, the place from which these four conditions converge (in Badious system)? One is reminded that Badiou states that mathematics is the very ontology of philosophy. He may give it space there, but does anyone else? physically, because its not simply an epistemological issue that we do not know whether a proposition p holds or not, we cannot say that p or ~p=1 holds. That is the law of the excluded middle is suspect. And yes, 2+2=5 is a joke - and not to be taken seriously - other than to provoke a little thought amongst the mathematically or logically inclined. As an interpretation it is intriguing but esoteric, and at least physically one requires something more; does this picture of reality provide us e*explanatory power* - Everett attempted to provide one by deriving the basic Borns Rule from it. There is no consensus as to whether this has been done. Formally, the axiom of infinity in standard set theory (ZFC) is as follows: Equality in mathematics has been more generally analysed in modern mathematics, that is using the formality of set theory, as an equivalence relation, this is a relation = on some set that satisfies the following axioms: