In general, children of any age will play with whatever happens to appeal to them (and perhaps their social group). I don't have a 5 year old yet, but my 3.5 year old likes playing with any toy: cars and trains the most, but that's also what his girl friends like to play with (they move!). He loves to play with dolls and dressup and everything else you can imagine. 

Few toddlers at 2 will have the hand-eye coordination to do much more than scribble, I know my 2 year old is what I'd consider "good" at coloring and it's just a bunch of scribbles on the picture (but it shows good contact and is mostly centered over the picture!). But that's how you get her started, by giving her the chance to do it and showing her how. Kids at that age pick up a lot just by watching and copying/imitating. 

If your daughter's last three measurements were in the 25%-50% range, as her current one looks to be (Assuming 35" was her measurement at 30 months), then it looks like she's likely to hit 41" between 4.5 and 5. However, if she actually measured more consistently between 50th and 75th percentiles (as you don't list any other measurements), she might be more likely to hit between 4 and 4.5. And again, remember these are not predictions, just standards; my youngest was in the 75th-85th percentile for his first year, regressing towards the mean slowly over the second year. This might, however, be enough for your current task (guessing how long a toy will be useful for). 

Fifteen months is early even for 100% picture books. It's far too early for understanding a storyline - it's too early for the level of imagination capable of understanding that there could be such a thing as a story. 

So, assuming my child will likely be between the 50th and 75th percentile, he will reach 41 inches (3'5") between 4 (when the 75th percentile line crosses the 41 inch line) and about 4.5 (when the 50th percentile line crosses the 41 inch line). That's relevant only for my son, of course; for your daughter you should look on your own. 

I can't tell you what to do relative to his sexual orientation, except that 1) they're not something you can change, and 2) they're not particularly relevant at five years old. If it were me, I wouldn't think another thought about this until he's old enough to discuss sexual matters in enough detail that he can understand them. 

I can really relate to your post, and Erica's response. You really do have my sympathies and best wishes for all involved. My father was an alcoholic (he's passed away) and was both physically and verbally abusive. I loved him very much, and I'm sure, as a child, I would have been very sad at first if he wasn't living at home.** 

The real problem here, as you know, is the father's negative attitude towards his son. If he doesn't have visitation rights, you can specify that he can see his son only when you are present, so that you can see how the father acts towards your son. Having a number of such visits might let you make a more informed decision on how much of a role you want to allow the father to play in your son's life. Having a father play a role is important, if it's not a destructive role. Only you are in a position to decide that. 

Sex? There were other empty bedrooms; never in front of the kids. But cuddling and talking in a low voice- or even reading, for that matter - was not a problem. 

I just want to add to @SomeShinyObject's excellent answer. But first, I'll actually answer the question. 

This site is one of my favorites for general problems. There is a list of the tests doctors should do in your son's case (routine cultures, Ova and Parasites, Rotavirus antigen, Giardia antigen, Hemocult test, and any that might be specific to your area); you can make sure they have tested for all of these. 

I don't know what my life would be like now if my mother had left my father, but I do understand why she didn't leave. I don't blame her for staying, but I do wish she had been braver and tried, if not for herself, then for the sake of my siblings and me. 

I think this is the gist of your question. For this, I have a couple of suggestions. First a bit of background. 

If you want to read more, there are support groups like Laura's Playground, or you can talk to a trained child psychologist. 

Fifteen months is early even for 100% picture books. It's far too early for understanding a storyline - it's too early for the level of imagination capable of understanding that there could be such a thing as a story. 

You teach a toddler to draw pretty much the same way you teach any activity. 

Finally, I recommend you pay attention to your child's wants and tendencies more. Rather than having some idea and asking why she won't do something, see what she does like and does do, and do that. Responsive parenting is key, especially in the first few years; when I stopped pushing an agenda with my older son and started rolling with what he enjoyed, my life got a lot easier, and it's worked very well with my younger child. I'm still making sure he has lots of opportunities to learn - but I'm going to the science and industry museum instead of the aquarium, because that's what he enjoys. 

If your daughter's last three measurements were in the 25%-50% range, as her current one looks to be (Assuming 35" was her measurement at 30 months), then it looks like she's likely to hit 41" between 4.5 and 5. However, if she actually measured more consistently between 50th and 75th percentiles (as you don't list any other measurements), she might be more likely to hit between 4 and 4.5. And again, remember these are not predictions, just standards; my youngest was in the 75th-85th percentile for his first year, regressing towards the mean slowly over the second year. This might, however, be enough for your current task (guessing how long a toy will be useful for).