White circle getting smaller — Tap repeatedly melee key (default F). This QTE is bugged - circle animation is out of sync with trigger behind QTE and therefore it is difficult win this QTE normally. Luckily there is no penalization for missing said trigger with key press so pressing melee key for whole duration of QTE works perfectly. If you can't update or if the update does not work for you, try the fix detailed below: Mouse slider tweak This fix will modify in-game slider and give better control. The Unofficial Skyrim Patch is a comprehensive Skyrim bugfixing mod that could also help solve other potential CTD issues. Full list of its fixes here. I can only access the 'Radio Assistance' menu when there are still resource crates in a location. The Native Trainer included with Script Hook V allows you to spawn the vehicles and weapons exclusive to the 'returning player' content. You can however, force post-processing AA on it, like FXAA (in Nvidia driver software settings), Morphological Anti-Aliasing (MLAA; in AMD/ATI driver software settings) or SMAA (which I believe provides better visual quality than the former post-processing AA methods). SMAA can be used in GTA IV through injectSMAA: With TCG or UFO, just open up the item inventory screen of Lydia and remove her default Blades armor, and then put in the improved Blades armor that you have. Hand in red circle when Lara is hanging from ledge — Press interact key (default E). What about the other in-game skill increase rate-modifying Standing Stones (Warrior, Thief and Mage stones) or abilities like Ancient Knowledge (+25% Armor if wearing all Dwarven armor, smithing skill increases 15% faster). However, if you are actively using an Xbox 360 controller or other XInput-compatible controller, the game will display controller button names and colors as normal. As for the game itself, you'll need to acquire a copy of its ROM that the emulator will then run. Another issue here is that the Radio Assistance menu is needed when you want to move to a new house / home site. How do I make a radio assistance call to move to a new house if there are no resource crates in that location? Left and right arrow — Alternately press left and right movement keys (default A and D). I don't know about the other checklists, but the ones listed here are useful (in my experience). You would need to try out different things (i.e. a checklist) to troubleshoot which one is causing the crashes. I'm playing the Steam Early Access version on the PC. The State of Decay wiki's "Radio" article states that (for the Xbox 360 version): "The active survivor can also call for field support through the radio. By pressing Down on the directional pad, the survivor can view the radio menu and choose an call to use." From the PC Gaming Wiki, "BioShock Infinite - Mouse speed slider tweak" article: When tesv.exe is started it allocates two 256MB blocks of memory. When the first block gets full, the engine will allocate more blocks. This can cause the known troubles. Thankfully, by telling the engine to request a bigger block from the start it magically makes use of it without any further ado. This isn't the case with the second block. Thankfully again, the second block does not fill up as quickly and once it is full the engine does not trip over itself when allocating more blocks. I've heard mixed information on this and I'd like to get a straight answer, for two reasons: And my personal single most essential Fallout Mod, isn't graphical, but will keep you from going insane from hearing about how Bingo Bango Bongo Doesn't Want To Leave The Jungle for the millionth time... Sounds like Life + Ice + Direct target (i.e., Right click, not shift right click. It's not technically an area spell, though it does fire in a frontal cone) - be careful, those shards actually HEAL non-undead targets. Here's a pretty picture for you: This is just a few of the more well regarded graphical/texture mods to make Fallout 3 prettier. This is by no means comprehensive nor gospel, and I won't even try to vouch for how well all of these will work together without a whole bunch of load order tweaking. Several of them also have other prerequisites that I'm not bothering to link independently here. All will mention them on their respective download pages. Fallout 3 modding, much like the previous Bethesda games, is as much alchemy and art as it is a science of just downloading things and installing them in the right place. The widely reported Quicksave/Autosave bug is annoying and, quite frankly, has terrified me into completely abandoning both features. However, manually saving is, to say the least, extremely cumbersome. In FO3, I used the console 'SAVE' command to create named save files without any menu navigation, and it was awesome. I've been afraid to do so in New Vegas however, for fear that, as reported, it will disable achievements on my save file. Similarly, now that the game has been out for a few days, Mods are beginning to appear, and a few of them look like big QoL improvements. Most notably, stuff like the return of DarnUI, to fix the horridly large print menus, and Imma Sightin Mah Lazor, to add Iron Sights to the Laser Pistol. But again, not worth it on my first playthrough if they ruin my hard earned Nerd Points on Steam. Since I've heard conflicting information on this, I'd love to get a definitive answer, but sadly, having earned the 'low hanging fruit' achievements you can get without a whole fresh playthrough or a lot of grinding with a specific weapon type, I have no easy way to test this.