Unit Compositions Terran unit compositions are based around unit producing structures (section 2). These are further complimented by their upgrades (section 7). The result is unit compositions that tend to be made out of Marine/Marauders or Tank/Thor or Marine/Tank/Viking; the last of which chooses heavy diversity over sharing upgrades or production structures. This often leads to tough and slow pushes, with more aggressive units mixed for harassment and winning battles. This leads Terran to really excel at mid/late game. Banelings Finally, you can always go for the classic Baneling bust. Traditional Baneling bust, was off of 1.5 Bases, at around the 6 minute mark. If, instead, you wait and go off a solid 2 Bases with a Macro Hatchery, you can bust at the 8 minute mark with an absolutely absurd amount of Zergling/Banelings. One of the hidden truths about Protoss, is that their natural clumping, combined with the small size of Zealot/Sentries, means that Banelings actually do decent damage against them. What's more, they'll largely clear out Zealots and Sentries, leaving only Stalkers for your Zerglings (Zerglings LOVE Stalkers, like every time a Stalker goes to a Zerg Frat pledge party, they have dozens of new Zergling pledges clamoring for attention around them). Harassment Terran harassment is characterized by very niche units. Terran units can be divided into three categories: Harassing, Defensive, or Bulk. In the first category is made up of Hellions, Reapers, and Banshees. Each of these units is used in a different fashion but almost all are most effective against workers. Reapers trade on their ability to jump over cliffs this ability allows them to surpass any natural defense. While they are effective because of this, their low hp makes them fragile (a recurrent theme). Hellions, by comparison trade on their high speed and AOE damage, as well as incredible bonus vs light units (which workers are). As a result they are most effective behind mineral lines or attacking fleeing workers (which naturally form lines same as Hellion AOE). Finally, Banshees are fast air units with very high damage vs ground. They further benefit from a stealth upgrade which makes them invisible to players without detectors. All these units are highly offensive, but weak when pinned down, making the poor for pushes and defense. Defenses Like harassment, Terran have very specialized units for defense. No unit epitomizes this more than the Siege Tank. Back from Starcraft 1, the Siege Tank has been upgraded in two important ways: - Siege Tanks AOE damage is now centered on its target (and larger) meaning it will strike more of an incoming force - Siege Tanks will coordinate to reduce overkill (multiple tanks attacking the same target when fewer would suffice. By "Scout around 9" I assume you mean 9 supply, not 9 minutes. If a Protoss is going for a Forge First Expand build (which is quite strong) there are a couple of options available to you. These two changes result in such an effective defensive unit that a "moving defense" has become a viable strategy. This is accomplished by moving Siege Tanks forward in waves (similar to Starcraft 1). To further bolstered by Turrets and Planetary Fortress, both of which have good upgrades from the Engineering Bay, making them very effective. Finally the Bunkers from Starcraft 1 return with the ability to sell them off when they no longer become useful.