This is slightly different as it says there is a special case of condemnation upon a sinner who absolutely rejects Christ, even under great conviction of the Spirit. This would be like Judas. Not only did he not believe but he, as a specific curse, shall never believe and could never be forgiven. As an ultimate curse of rejecting Christ under unusual and remarkable proof of the Holy Spirit, convincing him of the truth of the gospel that he was rejecting, he was doomed. This is an unforgivable sin and Christians can never commit this sin. Note: It might be worth noting to understand the full practical outcome that Catholic teaching does not consider anyone who willingly and knowingly rejects the authority of the Pope to be in a state of grace, as this is obviously a so called mortal sin. Therefore, the faith that Protestants have and which justifies them is viewed as false and basically a lie invented by heretics under Catholic dogma. While generations before Calvin and Luther had to suffer without any assurance of their good state, performing penances and various works that were not able to cleanse the conscience, believers now filled with assurance really had the impetus to break away from every kind of cold legalism. If you read Christian history, what really happened after Calvin was an explosion of missionary work across the globe as had never been seen before. This was partly due to the discovery of the new world and exploration of Europeans, but at the same time knowing God's love without fear, must have made people have a bit more heart for the lost and the opportunity of finding eternal security. Therefore although the doctrine seems to have a cold edge to it, it many ways it seems to produce a warm effect and confidence in the free love and grace of God. Seems almost like a contradiction, yet, so does the love of God and his dealings with Pharaoh. Maybe Luther had it right. Don't try and explain it just believe both. God loves everyone and he elects some to heaven and some to hell according to his unknowable judgments and omniscience. The Protestant views most religious people outside of faith in grace apart from works as modern day Pharisees therefore the works that religious people boast of are those things that the weakest believer actually surpasses. Therefore, to be honest most Protestants think the weakest genuine believer might live a holier life in actuality then even some of those declared to be saints by other churches, because they have genuine humility and faith, whereas not all 'Saints' were necessarily even believers. A person must confess belief in Christ apart from any work to be considered a candidate of a genuine Christian therefore for those religious 'saints' who were unclear in their confession, even if giving all their money to the poor and spending their life doing good deeds, there righteousness is mere hypocrisy and an attempt to replace the glory of the gospel with their vanity. The Protestant thinks generally that every believer's righteousness surpasses this.