Metals like steel and aluminum are isotropic materials. That means their mechanical properties are identical in all directions. If you have a cube of steel, it will respond the same way regardless which direction you pull or push on it. Carbon fiber is a composite material. It consist of tons of little bundles of the fibers held together with an epoxy. In a carbon fiber frame, you don't get the strength in the other dimensions unless you choose to design it in. In carbon fiber bikes, where weight is a serious concern, the engineering decision has been made to not make the frames strong in those areas. They could do so, but they choose not to because its not necessary for the bikes intended purpose. It only seems strange to you because you've had the benefit of never having to learn the lessons of the penny farthing and the technological achievements of the safety bicycle firsthand (aka 'standing on the shoulders of giants syndrome'). 

I used this method on my Surly Cross-check frame in 2007, and the threads were good enough then, and I haven't had any bottom bracket troubles whatsoever. So, engineers have been able to exploit those properties in bicycle frames. In a bicycle frame, the vast, vast majority of the forces are primarly along a single dimension. They can make tubes thinner and lighter yet still retain the desired strength and stiffness. And cough up the extra cash to get the better bottom bracket, it will last longer, and every time you have to take square taper cranks off, you wear them out much quicker. 

So the bottom line: people rode penny farthings because the modern bicycle wasn't invented yet. Additionally, the idea of "triangles" and their use as structural members isn't as old as you might think. Sure, people have known for a long time that triangles are 'strong', but our analytical and mathematical knowledge of them is only since the middle 17th century. 

The safety bicycle had some initial problems of its own too, it began with a treadle bicycle, prior to the inclusion of the chain drive. When you build a steel framed bike, when you get the tubes sufficiently strong enough along their length, that because of steels isotropic properties, you get the lateral strength for free, the strength to resist things banging into it, withstanding crashes, etc. The penny farthing is only awkward and dangerous because you are comparing it against a technological leap forward. That technology you are taking for granted, and are not realizing just how difficult it was to develop those technology without having the advantage of already knowing about it. Two of the key pieces of technology in a bicycle you are taking for granted: If you don't chase when you need to, you'll have a very tough time threading the bottom bracket in, and as a result, it may creak or wear out somewhat faster than it would otherwise. 

A block of steel is, well, like steel, but carbon fiber is like a big bundle of straws glued together. In one direction, it is extremely strong, but if you push or pull to the side, it will collapse. In that one dimension where it is strong, it is vastly stronger than steel. However, in other directions it's rather flimsy. 

If you can't get the free cup all the way in without using tools, then I would have the threads chased out. The same goes for facing the bottom bracket shell. This is what I would do (and have done) if I were in your position, only for square taper, cartridge bottom brackets*: Since you are using a square taper bottom bracket, your BB will likely have one fixed and one free cup (or whatever its called). Take the free cup, and thread just that into the shell without using any tool besides the driver (example), only finger tightening it. If you can thread that all the way in until its outer flange is flush with the shell, then your frame is "good enough" as it is. Unthread the free cup, and install the BB properly and you should be good to go. 

JamesBradbury's answer shows the dandy horse. When you build a heavy loaded bike, you lose a lot of the carbon fibers advantages, and so it would be far more economical to use steel or aluminum. Especially when throwing a couple filled water bottles in your pannier nearly exceeds the weight savings. So, there is no mechanical reason that you couldn't build a fully loaded touring bike or something like a Salsa Fargo with a carbon frame, and it could be just as tough and durable. And it would probably be lighter than a steel or aluminum frame. But the reason it isn't done is because of the market. Carbon fiber is an expensive material and difficult to work with, and its mechanical properties are best suited for when you demand very light applications. Carbon fiber isn't necessarily a "weak" or "fragile" material. If you had a tube of the same diameter and thickness of typical CF as a typical steel frame tube, that CF tube would be extremely strong and durable. 

*Hollowtech and other outboard bearing systems are more sensitive to the threading, and especially the facing of the shell. If using those systems, always have the bottom bracket faced, and at that point you might as well chase out the threads.