This passage of scripture refers to what is known as the Bema seat judgment. The Bema seat judgment is where believers will give an account for their works and be judged and rewarded accordingly, which is distinct to the type of judgment rendered at the Great White Throne judgment which separates believers unto salvation from unbelievers unto destruction. 

This verse should be understood in its context (the whole chapter) and a key verse for putting it in the right perspective is verse 13: 

ie. Paul argues that in view of the present circumstances (the prevalance of persecution now and increasing with the expected approach of the Lord's return), celibacy is more expedient for the avoidance of unnecessary suffering than the state of marriage. 

5 Every high priest is selected from among the people and is appointed to represent the people in matters related to God, to offer gifts and sacrifices for sins. 2 He is able to deal gently with those who are ignorant and are going astray, since he himself is subject to weakness. 3 This is why he has to offer sacrifices for his own sins, as well as for the sins of the people. 4 And no one takes this honor on himself, but he receives it when called by God, just as Aaron was. 

Simon Peter's identification as 'the' foundation must be taken with a grain of salt - Jesus used this play on words after Simon had declared that Jesus was the Christ; immediately afterwards, Jesus rebukes him after he declares that he would never let Jesus be handed over to be crucified: 

Critical to this process of course, is hearing the voice of the Lord, but it is the response in (repentance and) faith (by and in God's grace) that is the true test of whether we are actually 'listening' ie. not just hearers of the word only but those who put in to practice what it says (cf. James 1:22, Matthew 7:13-26). This is not saying we can do anything of ourselves to please our Good Shepherd - we can't. In order to hear and obey, we must receive the promised new heart of Ezekiel 36:26 by the work of the subsequently indwelling Holy Spirit (cf. John 3:3). 

There is a very detailed examination of this issue by Margaret Mowczko from an egalitarian perspective (answering in the affirmative) posted here: 

Additional weight (via application of the 'scripture interprets scripture' hermeneutic) to a rejection of using 'merit' in the sense proferred, is found by examining another passage of scripture that is commonly interpreted as dealing with this issue: 

Can a sheep become a goat again and keep changing back and forth? I don't believe so - the Bible gives us overwhelming promises that our Good Shepherd will never leave us nor forsake us (cf. Matthew 28:20) and that "He who has begun a good work in you will complete it until the day of Jesus Christ" (Philippians 1:6). So there is no indication that such a thing as 'losing your sheepiness' (and becoming a goat again) is possible, however we are solemnly warned against 'making shipwreck of our faith' (cf. 1 Timothy 1:19) and that: 

6 And he says in another place, 

If we are too literal about this passage, then we'd have to conclude that Satan is the foundation on which the church would be built! While many Protestants do interpret Peter as being appointed as future leader of the Church in the prior verse (v18), many Evangelicals commonly point out that there is a distinction between the name applied to Simon - Petros (Πέτρος - a stone, pebble, a small rock found along a pathway) - and the word used for rock in the same verse (πέτρα - a mass of connected rock, solid or native rock rising up through the earth) and that it makes more sense that 'the rock' is actually not referring to the man himself, but the revelation given to him by the Father. In any event, there can be no denying that Peter did play a key role in helping to lay the foundation of the early church: his sermon given at Pentecost was actually the first public declaration of what he had privately declared and been commended for previously - Jesus is the Christ. 

If you are just looking at what Paul is saying, then more 'meritorious' is an incorrect choice of words to describe his encouragement towards choosing celibacy ahead of marriage. His language that either state comes as a "gift from the Lord" (verse 7) is very much against the sense of either condition attracting any merit. 

was, is and will be the judge of all mankind from the very beginning and until the very end of all ages. 

Bearing in mind that Paul prefaces his instructions in this area with the acknowledgement that he has "no command from the Lord, but I give a judgment as one who by the Lord’s mercy is trustworthy" (verse 25 NIV), a more appropriate word to characterize his reasons for his instruction derivable from verses 26 and 29 ("Because of the present crisis..."/"...the time is short") is expediency. 

11 Jesus replied, “Not everyone can accept this word, but only those to whom it has been given. 12 For there are eunuchs who were born that way, and there are eunuchs who have been made eunuchs by others—and there are those who choose to live like eunuchs for the sake of the kingdom of heaven. The one who can accept this should accept it.” - Matthew 19:10-12 NIV (emphasis added) 

Was Phoebe a Deacon of the Church in Cenchrea? (Part 1) 

“Likewise” (hōsautōs) is found at the beginning of 1 Timothy 3:8 and 1 Timothy 3:11. Massey (1989:61) writes that “likewise” is “customarily used to introduce the second and third entities in a series.” He suggests that the use of hōsautōs “seems to place the three groups [overseers, male deacons, and women] in categories of a similar nature.” That is, the people belonging to these three groups are involved in somewhat similar ministries and require similar moral qualifications.[10] Taking the word “likewise” into account we can see that verses 8-10 refer to the male deacons, verse 11 specifically refers to the female deacons, and verses 12-13 probably refer to both the male and female deacons.[11]