Grease your brake posts and bolt, and re-assemble. I use regular old white lithium grease. 

The part you need is Shimano Y-6CU 98040. Ask your LBS to find it for you. Alternatively, you can look for 3rd party manufacturers as well but I doubt they will have something for an entry level part like this. Shimano's documentation indicates that the ST-3400 levers do not use compatible hoods (and the style of the ST-3500 onwards is different). 

You need the Kool Stop Mountain (a.k.a bmx) threaded salmon's or threaded thinlines (http://www.koolstop.com/english/mountain_pad.html or http://www.koolstop.com/english/thinline.html). The ones you linked will not fit (they are for caliper brakes). 

Obviously, there is some flexibility in this parameter, allowing different manufacturers to design different cable pulls to get different sorts of lever feels. This can also be adjusted on the fly with systems like Avid's Single Digit line of brake levers. Someone claims the adjustment on the Avid Single Digit levers is enough to run short pull (YMMV). Usually when you buy a brake (or lever) from Shimano or SRAM, the manual specifies an "optimal" lever (or brake) to pair with. The main thing is that it looks "cool" to have no brakes, ride your bike with no handlebars, etc. If they plow into someone else or hurt themselves because of it, its not really skin off my back (much like if they get hit by cars for riding at night with only reflectors). Theres only so much you can do to protect people from themselves, especially with something that can be so easily tweaked at home like a bicycle for this purpose. This is normal to some extent - brake pads have to be made of soft material which wears down on the rims (and conversely, the rims wear down into the brake pads to some extent) in order to stop you. This means the pads pick up grime and bits of metal from the rims and road and stuff which embed into the pads and in turn wear down your rims / reduce braking efficiency. If they're eating large portions of metal, then you should probably switch the pads to ones made of different material (anecdotal evidence suggests the pads which come with most cheaper brakes belong in the trash). Since you asked this question, some help with installing the brake pads may be useful: http://sheldonbrown.com/canti-direct.html http://sheldonbrown.com/rim-brakes.html http://www.parktool.com/blog/repair-help/linear-pull-brake-service-v-brake-type (And the back of the package the brakes come from) It depends on how you buy the brake, so you need to check whats coming with what you're buying. Typically, you get the caliper+pads+rotor+mounting hardware and buy the brake lever (which is a V-brake lever most of the time unless its a road brake in which case its a regular short pull lever) separately along with the cables+housing. In some cases though (esp. buying brakes on eBay), people buy just the caliper+pads+mounting hardware and get rotors separately. This is determined by the distance between where the cable ends and where the lever pivots. According to this thread, its significantly lower for short pull than for long pull with some variation (it seems like under 30 mm is a cutoff for short pull to long pull if you're picking a lever out of the bin). Park Tool states that the distance from cable end to lever pivot is around 21 mm for short pull (around 42 for long pull lever), and with a 20 degree movement (think the cable end to lever pivot distance as a radius of a circle - with this radius, and the angle at which the lever bottoms out, you can calculate the total possible cable pulled), you pull about 7 mm of cable for short pull (versus 15 mm for a long pull lever). 

2) Remove the brakes, thoroughly clean the bosses and brakes with rubbing alcohol and regrease and reinstall them. The brakes should move freely on the bosses. I find that this helps, but I find that cleaning the bosses and replacing the V-brake itself is sometimes a better option -- its not very expensive, and sometimes the crud works itself into places that you won't be able to clean out. 

Normally, in freezing weather, this is caused by water freezing (and being helped in its task by grime, e.g. salt and dirt and stuff). Clean the bosses on the bike, inside and out with rubbing alcohol and a Q-tip (a.k.a. cotton swab) 

The threaded thinlines may be a better option since they give a bit more room (they're a bit thinner). Finally, a note on money: If you want to do this, note that you'll probably end up paying more than a similar bike on the market due to the fact that you're buying 1 of each part rather than a ton of each part like a complete manufacturer does. And you have the cost of your labor or LBS labor in putting it together. As for greases/lubes, note that their viscosity and properties change with temperature, so you may want to take that into consideration (e.g. regular old white lithium grease vs a low temperature one). 

From my perspective, it is indeed ridiculously dangerous - even on a fixie, your legs may be too weak to stop using just the drive train, or you may need to do an emergency stop which would be quicker if you used another brake like a front brake or just run out of skill one day. With a single speed non-fixie (i.e. freewheeling is allowed), you don't have a way to stop other than your feet (or face) if you don't have at least one brake. On a fixie however, the resisting of pedaling does make a rear brake considerably less useful than a front brake. Most brakes are probably 40-50 mm ish reach these days, though you need to check the particular brakes you're working with. And there's a good chance you'll be dealing with this multiple times in a given winter. Fenders may help with preventing grime to get in, but they're a bit of a hindrance if ride in snow since it gives somewhere to pack...