2) Rework the problem symptoms. If your problem is that you have four Powers, and one person has All Four Powers, well, why? What's the story you're trying to tell about this person? Does it have to be one person with all four powers? Could you have a gang of four or a Five-Person Band (WARNING: TV TROPES LINK) working in tandem? Could the powers be in artifacts and the character has to collect a series of MacGuffins instead of having innate abilities? 

The readers only know what you tell them. If you want the reader to realize your narrator isn't telling the truth, the truth must get to the reader around your narrator. The real question is: boring to the writer, boring to the reader, or boring to the other characters? 

That's not to say the villain is stupid, or one-dimensional, or his/her only motive is "I like to be eeeeeeevil." But if you are trying to create a character "who needs killin'," then don't give him or her any good characteristics. Your villain shouldn't be physically attractive, or a sharp dresser. (Military uniforms are more imposing than sharp.) S/he shouldn't get off darkly funny one-liners, or have a pet which is treated well, or spare anyone from harsh treatment. Your villain’s wants can be just about him/herself, or they can be about a nation or empire etc., or a religion/deity, but someone due for chunky salsa karma will have nothing for the audience to appreciate or identify with. Even if how the person is dressed is relevant, you can often say all the reader needs to know in a couple of words. Like, "Sally was modestly dressed and carrying a briefcase ...", or "Bob arrived looking more formal than was really appropriate to the occasion ..." might be quite sufficient. The exact color and style of their clothes might make no difference. 

If, for example, you picture Mr Jones as always being immaculately dressed in a formal business suit and carrying a walking stick, I'd mention that, at least once up front. Or at the other extreme, if you picture him attending a very formal event, like a wedding or a reception for the governor, wearing beat-up blue jeans and a cowboy hat, I'd mention that. But if you picture him wearing a business suit to his job as a lawyer, or wearing blue jeans when he's working in the yard, well, that's pretty much what the reader would expect, so it probably doesn't need to be mentioned. Or if an important point of the scene is that the heroine is looking incredibly beautiful and wildly sexy, going on at length about how just what and how much she is showing could help to build the mood. Make clear exactly why all the men can't take their eyes off of her, etc. A follow-up thought: If how a character is dressed is relevant to the story, you should convey this information as early in the scene as possible. If you do not reveal this early on, then when you DO reveal it, the reader has to backtrack in how he pictured the scene. Like is you say, "Sally arrived at the pig farm early in the morning and set to work cleaning out the manure from the pig stalls ...", the reader is going to immediately have an impression in his head of Sally wearing some grubby clothes suitable to such work. If five pages later you mention that Sally is wearing a formal ball gown which she has carefully managed to keep immaculately clean through this task, the reader is going to have to rethink his entire mental picture of the scene up to this point. That kind of backtracking is often the punch line of a joke, and it might work for a humor story, but anywhere else it would just be disconcerting and confusing.