"But you haven't seen her? You're sure?" the man persisted. "pretty, inviting": she's inviting us from the photograph. "Is she lost?" the bartender finally asked. "Sounds like she wants you to get lost, buddy," the bartender said, not unkindly. After a long moment, he approached the bartender. "Worried and a bit windblown": why is he worried? was he running? running from someone? In your piece, the character has no idea if the bird is male or female, or even real, so "it" is appropriate. The man didn't answer. The bartender went back to polishing glasses while the man stared out the window. 3) Remind the reader occasionally. If you want us to remember that Sadi keeps a poisonous snake as a pet, make the snake's entrance memorable, and then remind us every 40 pages or so that the snake is around. Have Sadi feed her, talk about her, let her out of her bottle to crawl around. Then in the big showdown 200 pages later, it won't be a surprise when the snake bites the bad guy, because we've been reminded that the snake exists. My point is that the fourth season of Sherlock was so inconsistent with everything else we'd seen in the previous three years that a large chunk of the online fandom has spent the last eight months trying to figure out What Really Happened, Because That Wasn't Real. Is it someone's fantasy? A mind palace vision? John or Sherlock is dying and hallucinating? Did reality separate at the end of Season Two? "shatteringly": to emphasize how tense the man is. "admitted": He didn't want to have to say that he didn't know. he's hoping she's okay, but she might not be. "tattered photograph, ten years old": He's held on to this for a LONG time. It's a last memento, it's the only link he has to this woman. Now, close your eyes and put yourself into the room. Engage all your senses — one at a time, if this is unfamiliar work for you. Start asking yourself these kinds of questions: I would only use the gendered pronoun if you know the gender of the animal in question. Lions have manes; lionesses don't. A calico or tortiseshell housecat is 99% guaranteed to be female, while an all-orange tabby housecat is 99% guaranteed to be male. Male robins have the bright red breast while female robins are brown. And so on. "wiping his palm": wiping off sweat? nervous? Abruptly the phone rang, shatteringly loud in the quiet bar.