Even so, you can certainly purchase whole dressed game hens, chickens, and near major holidays 25 pound turkeys, so the driving force is not really a repugnance for animal shaped food. EDIT: Another factor that would drive customers to demand whole animal food or unprocessed food would be fear of adulteration or substitution. A can of tinned meat might be horse instead of beef, but the entire cow standing there is pretty much a cow. In the US, these days, the national inspection and labeling rules are such that few to none worry much about a package of meat in the store being some other product besides what is stated, and wholesome. The soldiers and officers of all Confederate Armies were exempted from treason trials by the terms of Lee's surrender to Grant. They were allowed to go home unmolested as long as they ceased to make war on the US. All other CSA forces soon surrendered on the same terms and also were exempt from treason trials. Government officials were not exempt, and could have been tried for treason or other crimes. The official in charge of Andersonville Prison camp was executed for his actions there, as War Crimes. Jefferson Davis was imprisoned for about 2 years, but was let go on bail even before Johnson's pardon. Davis wanted a trial, but the US government decided it wasn't worth the fuss. Since most Americans no longer raise their own animals, or have to preserve meat for long periods because fresh meat is readily available, they no longer need to buy meat in such large quantities that an entire animal is required, so it is cut up for convenience. Wikipedia refers to this as a "precursor to the Special Relationship", which is I guess the point I'm trying to make. 100 years of this kind of tacit military alliance got the two sides used to thinking of themselves as allies (particularly the navies). When the US Navy surpassed the British, all the Brits really needed to do was make damn sure the US kept thinking the same way. The Liberal wing of the Republican party was actually instrumental during the 50's and 60's in getting Civil Rights legislation passed. There was essentially a coalition of moderate Democrats and Liberal Republicans that pushed through things like the Voting Rights Act. Things are much better these days, but in many ways its too late now. The Native "churches" I'm aware of are all heavily influenced by Christianity. The original religions are all but lost. Instead, they were made of cloth, and were washed between uses. People of middle-class or better means typically had a service for this purpose. Much like a milk service, the diaper service would daily bring you clean (cloth) diapers and take away the dirty ones to be washed. Perhaps this was a bit more like the milk delivery service in reverse. Most of the American possessions, up until quite recently (19th century or so) were treated as resources to be tapped (or "looted" if you prefer) by the owning Europeans. This includes not just South and Central America, but most of the British Caribbean possessions, which were run largely as sugar plantations, and today aren't noticeably better off than their neighbors who used to be French or Spanish possessions. Their initial governments were formed and operated for hundreds of years much like giant corporations, with the intent to ensure that power was concentrated into the hands of the few people at the top (typically Europeans), and to ensure that nothing changed that might jeopardize their steady extraction of wealth. The last elector to cast a vote for a presidential candidate of another party was Roger MacBride in '72, who pledged to vote Republican but instead voted for the Libertarians. (Incidentally making Tonie Nathan the first woman to ever receive an electoral vote) Following the recent discussion in the third US Presidental Debate about the size of the Navy, there actually seemed to be a good discussion buried in there. The thing is, it was never about the signs. As such there was a concerted effort to eradicate their culture, and convert the Indians to the European-American cultural package of English, Christianity, and agriculture. Particularly in the 19th and early 20th century there was a philosophy among Americans and Western Europeans that along with the benefits of having a more powerful and advanced culture came a responsibility to bring those benefits to the rest of the world that was clearly saddled with inferior cultures. (Some would argue this attitude persists largely unchanged today). This is just not a guy who believed that the people were helpless against some shadowy alternate power structure. Quite to the contrary, he believed strongly in the ultimate power of the electorate. I know the common narrative is to divide US foreign policy thought into two camps: Isolationist and Interventionist, but I've always found that an inadequate tool. This was obviously a bit of political gymnastics for the party that had initially freed the slaves, and created and nurtured the Constitutional Amendments that the various Civil Rights acts were trying to enforce. It also meant a loss of black support for the foreseeable future, as well as the entire liberal faction of the party. However, its really tough to argue against success, and the new party alignment certainly brought that.