To say 1=1 does not express identity because there is a spatial difference between the left and right is confusing the thing with the symbol that denotes it. The number one is identical with itself. Of course a serious issue arises over how symbols denote things, and there is much debate over this. Frege held that names are a kind of abbreviated definite description, but this is only one of many accounts of the meaning of names. Frege, Quine, Geach and Dummett are all worth studying on this subject. The SEP article on identity is a helpful introduction. There are plenty of contexts (intensional contexts) in which identity relations appear to violate the indiscernibility of identicals. For example, "Mary knows that George Orwell wrote 1984" might be true, while "Mary knows that Eric Blair wrote 1984" might be false (even though George Orwell = Eric Blair). In general what this means is that while a given identity relation might correspond to a purely extensional equivalence in a particular logic, there might be a more expressive logic in which that identity relation is not extensional. Classically, there is no difference. Identity is a two place predicate which has the value true if its arguments are numerically identical and false otherwise. One can write such a predicate as Identical(x,y) or one can write it as x=y. The latter is just 'syntactic sugar' that makes sentences easier to read, but it expresses the same thing. This is the way identity is employed in logic, in particular in predicate logic, and by extension in mathematics.                                                                      References Understood as: the semantic value of "nothing" is still something, this is true if and only if "nothing" has a semantic value. We know that it does; it's a function from open sentences to truth-values. So yes: the semantic value of "nothing" is something. Each of those x's that these existential quantifiers supply is a thing, a something, an object. Depending on the context, these objects can even be abstract (like numbers, predicates, points in 2D space, etc.). But the negated existential quantifiers ("there exists no x" = "it's not the case that there exists an x") themselves are not, at least in these particular sentences, being talked about, so they're not even treated as objects like those x's are. It appears that "nothing" is a subject in these sentences, i.e., a thing about which other things are said. But actually the semantic value of "nothing" (i.e., what "nothing" contributes to the meaning of the entire sentence) is not some object, but a function from sentences to truth-values. "Nothing", like "everything", "no one", "each day", "exactly one", and so on, is a generalized quantifier. Before getting to the particular cases (1–2), let's look at a standard way of giving the semantic value of "nothing": ⟨e,t⟩ is the type of intransitive verbs like "walks", "is red", and so on. The two types ⟨e⟩ and ⟨e,t⟩ are combined to give an expression of type ⟨t⟩, a boolean. The problem is that the concept horse should be a concept (a thing of type ⟨e,t⟩) and not an object (a thing of type ⟨e⟩), but because of Frege's commitment to (1), he's forced to say that the concept horse is actually an object and not a concept. From a formal logic point of view 1) is true and 2)-5) are all false. Yet it seems to me that 2)-5) are on different ontological levels when it comes to how 'false' they are Hilary Putnam discussed this in depth in his paper "Is Logic Empirical?", later republished as "The Logic of Quantum Mechanics.". In it he argued that, just as empirical physical results - relativity - forced us to abandon Euclidean geometry, so it is possible that the results of quantum mechanics will force us to abandon classical logic. My question is: Is there a formal way of classifying these falsehoods and has this been treated by any notable philosophers? There are three ways one might answer that question: Although Quantum logic is still an active field of study up to the present day, it is does not get much attention from most philosophers and had been abandoned completely by physicists. Those who do study the topic view it mainly as a mathematical tool for studying Quantum phenomena, not as some sort of fundamental logic to replace our current classical rules of logic. [(p and x) or (p and y)] is different from [p and (x or y)]. Arithmetization of syntax allows Gödel to show that statements about number theory are also statements in number theory. This allows him to construct self-referential statements about number theory in a simple way. This in turn allows him to show that Self-reference is inevitable, and that it is impossible to avoid self-reference when trying to construct complete formal axiomatic systems rich enough to describe arithmetic (And thus refuting Russell's logicist project).