Now it is correct to say that you should always (at least) call when you have explicit odds in your favor: this is immensely EV+. (let alone the implied odds and discussions about fold equity if you are the one pushing all in semi-bluffing your draws but I digress) If you have XY, there is one way to make "quad X" and C(3,2) ways to make "set Y". I also remember a great blog post / article which was showing the distribution of cards over billions of flops and you could clearly see that it wasn't a totally random distribution but I never found that blog post / article back : ( 72 / 2118760 * 1/17 + 6 / 2118760 *16/17 = 0.0000046642... No. They're not different than any other card still in the deck. Here are two different ways to arrive at that result... If you have XX the probability is actually higher, for you can make a hand with any Y (there are 12 Y left): If you have XY, there is also one way to make "quad Y" and C(3,2) ways to make "set X". The card removal effect is also used here to try to explain weird results for AIEV: So for example if you're, say, on the button with AK, the more people fold the more likely you are to catch an A or a K. Odds of 4:1 corresponds to a probability p = 0.20. So the card removal effect is very real, it's a topic of studies and there's definitely more to "Are folded cards significant in odds calcution?" than a simple "no". http://forumserver.twoplustwo.com/28/internet-poker/official-poker-site-data-analysis-discussion-thread-264915/ In game theory, poker is a game of "imperfect information" (as opposed to, say, chess which is a game of perfect information) and as soon as the first player either bets or fold, you have information. Not much information and very hard to exploit but it is still information. Importantly, this particular IO calculation assumes that you will win the entirety of what your opponent has left. This obviously won't always be the case. That's where your judgement comes in. "If I call now, how much more can I win from villain on future streets?". The part of the calculation regarding the opponents remaining stack is subjective.  IO describes how much you will win on future streets if you hit the hand you are drawing to. It's calculated similarly to EO except you add what your opponent has left (accounting for effective stack sizes), not including his current bet, to the current pot size. Total pot size (+opponents effective stack) : Amount we have to call. For example, current pot size is $50. Your opponent bets $50. Therefore, the current pot size is $100, and you must call $50. Opponent has effectively $50 left.  IO = $100 (+$50) : $50 = 3 : 1 To understand Implied Odds (IO) it's useful to clarify what It's counterpart is, Explicit Odds (EO).  Using these tools will help you decide whether to continue in a hand or not. Which is to say you should be using them every hand you ever play. It's worth noting that there exists a third paradigm of pot odds, and that is Reverse Implied Odds (RIO). These odds describe how much you will lose on future streets if you hit the hand you are drawing to. If you're already the favorite in the hand, then this applies to your opponent. It's wise to consider the possibility that the hand you're drawing to may not be best, even when you make it.  Before anyone speaks, no matter how many players there are the distribution is still totally random. Each card has, for example, exactly the same probability to be in anyone's hand. I also remember a great blog post / article which was showing the distribution of cards over billions of flops and you could clearly see that it wasn't a totally random distribution but I never found that blog post / article back : ( Odds of 4:1 corresponds to a probability p = 0.20. If you have XY, there is also one way to make "quad Y" and C(3,2) ways to make "set X". If you have XY, there is one way to make "quad X" and C(3,2) ways to make "set Y". So if you do not start with a pocket pair, you have: p = 6 / 2 118 760 (or approximately 0.000002831845) Here are two different ways to arrive at that result... The card removal effect is also used here to try to explain weird results for AIEV: So for example if you're, say, on the button with AK, the more people fold the more likely you are to catch an A or a K. The "card removal effect" is described here as this: "The Card removal effect, or the card bunching effect, describes the changes to opponent card ranges considering that other players have folded preflop." (it changes opponents' card ranges, and it of course also affects the flop/turn/river cards). In game theory, poker is a game of "imperfect information" (as opposed to, say, chess which is a game of perfect information) and as soon as the first player either bets or fold, you have information. Not much information and very hard to exploit but it is still information. Now it is correct to say that you should always (at least) call when you have explicit odds in your favor: this is immensely EV+. (let alone the implied odds and discussions about fold equity if you are the one pushing all in semi-bluffing your draws but I digress)