Out of these, Stack Overflow selects very strongly for individuals who are motivated by status and acceptance. You get immediate feedback on your contributions to the site, and it's very simple to find your standing in the community. Social contact is given through posts, comments, and the chat feature. Curiosity and Saving are fed through the vast wealth of knowledge the site accumulates. Power comes from the advanced abilities one gains due to their reputation. And there are even individuals who come only because the system is very well ordered and understood - it's easy to interface with the site because there are rules, and they are enforced. For particularly long comment threads I kinda want to know where the invisible comments are before clicking the "show all comments" and, frankly, I often don't want to re-read all the comments when I'm following up on a topic, just recent/new comments. I do comprehend the limited reſources with which you are permitted to perform your duties, however this particular tranſportable computing mechaniſm is not uncommon, indeed is has captured a ſigniﬁcant public intereﬅ, and there are many, like myſelf, who conceal one on our perſons both day and night. Unſatiſﬁed, I made another attempt, this time on a doſſier which I was certain deſerved the attention of other ætherheads. So I'm asking that SO implement full-contact moderation. Once a question gets 5 votes to close, and 5 subsequent votes to open, the question is locked until the affected parties meet in a brawl type setting, where they can duke it out. If we do not delete questions which are inappropriate for this site then people will understand that such questions still result in answers and reputation, and they will ask them more frequently than they already do. This will drop the signal to noise ratios, and the site would lose it's laser sharp focus. Experts would get fed up with the low signal to noise ratio and leave. Dear ſirs, I would tell you something of the diſappƣntment I suﬀered, were it not for the expectation that my ſoul, nay, my very being might forfeit were I to relive the account. This alone muﬆ ſuﬃce: The delightfully paﬆel uniprong ponies were not preſent and ambulating as expected. There may be implementation details to be worked out, but I think the idea is generally sound and wanted to open a discussion before officially making a feature request. It'll fit. It'll make sense. It'll allow the same amount of precision as always. How do you ask questions that get answers? I subscribe to a much shorter list, but a relatively reasonable list of 16 basic motivations for human activity can be found on Wikipedia. Several of these motivations may lead one to answer questions on Stack Overflow: The tally increaſed, but my deſire was leﬅ wanting. I beg you conſider my plea, and rectify this traveﬅy forthwith. Further, if we remove deletion we're going to have to fundamentally change how the site operates. Deletion removes reputation accrued to bad questions, so removing it allows yet another way to game reputation. Deletion removes the question from google search results, and for bad questions with no answers, people would end up here via google, and see that their question isn't answered here, simply because they used the same terminology as the person who wrote the bad question. This is bad branding. We've all seen, and most have participated in, more than one open/close war. Things are said. Feelings are hurt. It's very personal for many of us, and yet so impersonal due to the lack of face time with your accusers. Lastly, if a question lasted long enough to get several great answers, it's quite possible that it ended up in the data dump prior to deletion. You can get that information out of the data dump. Worst case, you post a message on meta asking that a 10k user give you the content so you can repost it on your site. Until then, though, it's critically important to maintain a very high signal to noise ratio, avoid rep gaming, and make sure we don't pollute search engine indices. Honorable mention (will get a T-shirt): This seems to have died down, at least for now (I wasn't greeted with even more upon checking the flag queue today). When you boil it down, we're really just unicorn yodelers. Factor in time zones, our day jobs, the urgency of whatever tasks the SE community team is otherwise working on (compounded if we need to get a dev involved), it might take a little while. Sites can be exceptionally good at doing certain things that we like sites to do, such as retaining new users and providing answers to questions that get at least a few up votes quickly. It would be nice if we could recognize this sort of community achievement as a special kind of badge that hangs on a special wall. If someone puts what they feel is an innocent joke in a post, presumably they've done so because they want people to laugh, not feel offended, and wouldn't mind the joke being removed if it were discovered to be potentially offensive. I like this because I far too often forget to vote on lengthy posts because the buttons escape my view. I want to wait for the test to finish to say for sure how much this is actually needed, but I suspect the impact is going to be far from marginal. Sometimes, we need to place restrictions such as a timed suspension on users that are creating continued disruptions in the community. This is never fun, but we do find some laughter in the creative things people call us. Once in a while some take the opportunity to reach out as an emissary of the site, typically by helping an open source project better utilize Stack Overflow. It's a bit of a trick, we don't want to prevent anyone from reading our sites, and even poorly written perl bots deserve a fighting chance in life. Still, we can be a little more picky about content we accept, especially when we have a much clearer picture about the recent behavior of the remote host. I'm not going to go into specifics that I don't yet have to offer, but it is a problem we're taking seriously.