Together with "certainty" [Gewissheit], which is objectivity: Why is that so? The reasons are spread out through his work, but essentially it is about will as a causality of freedom as different from a causality of nature (the will can form itself independently from nature). And only rational beings have the capacity of spontaneity, i.e. independence from the causality of nature, as rationality is defined as exactly the faculty to be spontaneous (see CPR A445|B473 ff. and A533|B561 ff.). You could say that iff one is rational, one has a will in the sense of this definition [Wille, i.e. not Willkür]. Stage one: Purely formal vs. about objects The first distinction is between purely formal "science" and something that has to do with some kind of particular material, therefore called material philosophy. His names for the purely formal philosophy is Logics, the science of inferences. Here, the 'content' is purely about the form of the relations between all possible objects of thinking, without including any particular content or material at all, therefore it is purely formal. As soon as these relations are dependent on the actual objects or material we are speaking about, we enter the realm of material philosophy: Here the two elements pointed out earlier are entailed as well: objective necessity and - because of the lack of reference to another end - generality/universality. 2) What are his main arguments for transcendental idealism? So, without any content that we can presuppose to determine the law that our maxim should accord with more concretely (otherwise the principle would not be necessary anymore, because of being conditioned), all that's left is that the subjective principle of the action, the maxim, has to be lawful in the most abstract of senses, i.e. have the form of a law as such, i.e. generality (universality, applies to every rational being) and necessity (unconditioned and not allowing for exceptions): Third step: Imperatives and law As I already - for reasons of better understanding - introduced above and should be clear considering the definition now, only the categorical imperative meets the requirements imposed by the concept of a law: TL;DR No, moral acts are definitely not beautiful for Kant. They are objects of respect (as consistent through all works on practical philosophy by Kant), which is to some extend similar, but actually more a kind of the sublime. By virtue of judging it as a case of morality, you exclude the mere reflection on the intuition that is kantian beauty simply because of the alteration of the object of reflection. That is beautiful which pleases in the mere judging (thus not by means of the sensation of sense nor in accordance with a concept of the understanding). From this it follows of itself that it must please without any interest. As I am tired of the scattering of side-problems of kantian philosophy that have to be seen in the light of the very idea behind kantian philosophy, I want to create a question covering the interpretational frameworks that are present here. But why does there have to be a law that is different from the laws of nature at all? This is somewhat clarified in the third section by another argument: Well, even some of the best contempory Kant-experts who did learn German to read him (i.e. Allison and presumably Wood) have major problems understanding the full meaning. So it can help, but it does not have to. It depends on the reader. And this is something independent from translations or native language. This now has two different layers: TL;DR: No, he did not! To be precise, things-in-themselves may be objects of thought, i.e. abstract concepts of the realm of logic, and therefore concepts of transcendental philosophy as logically necessary conditions of the possibility of experience. But they cannot be objects of knowledge, i.e. things that are particular objects of experience subsumed under concepts (i.e. at least the categories).