Note that, for a lot of people, these passport programs' main attraction was not just having a passport, but having a passport from a country whose citizens can travel to most Western world countries without a visa. St Kitts selling point was explicitly "facilitates you and your family's ease of travel throughout the world to over 100 countries visa free." 

Given your views expressed in #2, you will most likely disagree with left wing trying to paint GOP or libertarians as violating this; and might possibly agree - not sure - with right wing accusing hard left of this. 

Much of last decade, the overarching political goal was that of Sunnis - to re-establish Caliphate under the Caliph they choose. 

To clarify, this mostly means the right to sell at all (e.g. if you can sell to another Amish, you have the right, even if you aren't allowed to sell to non-Amish "English". This is somewhat similar to shares in Chinese companies - you as a Chinese citizen own them, but you can't freely sell them outside of China outright). The only condition is, you must be allowed to sell as opposed to gift - you get back goods equally valuable to the means of production you give up. 

The above point was meant as "options in a political sense". But it's also useful to him as individual. 

GOP wants the country to be the way USA was in 1950s, sans segregation/racism. 

Khairullah Khairkhwa was the interior minister under the Taliban. He helped found the Taliban in 1994. He was directly associated with Osama Bin Laden and Taliban Supreme Commander Mullah Muhammad Omar. Likely involved with militant training, he was also "a narcotics trafficker and probably used his position and influences to become one of the major opium drug lords in Western Afghanistan", and probably used profits from drugs to promote Taliban interests 

Which of the two countries do you think a random libertarian would prefer to live in, 1950s USA sans segregation/racism; or 2000s France? 

Islamists who wish to institute sharia but also like socialist economics (not all do, but many fit). They don't have a party per se, officially. 

Use the "bully pulpit" to influence public opinion. 

Signing statements, and especially executive orders. So far, SCOTUS didn't slap that down as violation of separation of powers. 

To view it another way, look at the stated ideal end goal (leaving aside that in reality the end state would differ from that end goal). 

I am also against any forms of racial discrimination, especially, Anti-Semitism. 

Are there any mechanisms in USA in place to prevent a person from voting twice by voting early by mail and then going and voting in person? 

This 100% in line with anything so far known about Trump, and definitely not an earth shattering revelation about his character or tactics (remember the kerfuffle about GOP nomination acceptance vs. 3d party run if he loses the primaries?). 

Also, people who had nothing to do with Bush Administration believed the same thing. A couple random quotes (please note that many predate Bush's election as President and can't even be blamed on "Bush told CIA to mislead every other dumb politician in USA and foreign leader" usual argument): 

If they did, was it justified under modern common-denominator definition of terrorism (namely, intentional attacks on civilians, with the goal of political change)? 

It's not like Democrats (as governing party, not as antiwar demonstrating individual voters) are terribly more peaceful compared to GOP. JFK was more of a hawk than Nixon, LBJ was deeply and fully committed to Vietnam War even if he didn't start it (he subscribed to Domino theory); Clinton bombed the crap out of Serbia and got US into Kosovo, and didn't exactly refrain from shooting cruise missiles at Sudan/Afghanistan; Obama's presidency didn't exactly shape like the peace-on-earth triumph some of his voters deeply hoped for either. 

The overall "fraud" / "steal election" narrative is part of motivating the base.