There are ways to do this without resorting to God. One example is Kant, with his famous categorical imperatives. His approach to making morality objective rests on idea of whether a course of action can be applied in any situation whatsoever. If so then, it is true in all cases, and it is (objectively) moral. It is true that neural networks and other machine learning algorithms learn from interacting with environment, but their purpose is to solve problems for which we do not know what the explicit rules are. Presumably in the context of machine ethics, we already know what the rules are, we are just trying to get an AI to follow them. Machine learning algorithms such as neural networks give probabilistic answers. They can learn from past data, but their prediction/recognition rates are never 100% accurate. In many real life applications, a 95% accuracy is considered a very good result. This might be good for some business applications, but consider a military system that manages to target enemy combatants 95% of the time, but accidentally targets innocent civilians 5% of the time. Would this be acceptable? Machine learning applications have already been shown to be prone to gender and racial bias, see this article for examples. (2) and (3) are why I mentioned above in my initial answer that "Using approximations or meta-heuristics to calculate probable values would be dangerous." In the placebo case you mentioned, it is possible to look at it in two ways: 

"The well-being of the group is simply the sum total of the interests of the all of its members." The physicalist/materialist world-view is based on the idea that only thing that exists are physical facts about the world. Note that John Rawls is not a defender of income redistribution or total equality in a given society. Rawls finds inequality in a society perfectly acceptable, as long as it benefits everyone, including those least advantaged. See Rawls's second principle of justice as fairness. For example, it is acceptable, and maybe even preferable for doctors to be paid more money than most other professions, since this would guarantee that talented people would choose to be doctors, therefore increasing the well being and health of society as whole. 

Since Kant wrote an essay titled Of the Injustice of Counterfeiting Books (1785) he may not concur. However, Kant did reject the notion of intellectual property, his defense of copyright is based on different considerations, see Pievatolo's Freedom, ownership and copyright: why does Kant reject the concept of intellectual property?: A somewhat more idiosyncratic use of "attribute" by Spinoza corresponds to what we would call "aspect" or "perspective", in which a substance is unfolded or under which it is considered. In particular, God and Nature are the same substance considered under different attributes (which is perhaps why we have an adequate knowledge of it). Here are some examples, again from Part II: I believe the Nietzsche's passage referred to is this one: 

Moreover, the “categorical imperatives” in ethics, including “do not kill”, invariably lead to “wrong” conclusions resulting in growing lists of exceptions or sophistic distinctions like the Thomist doctrine of double effect. The latter attempts to distinguish between forseeable harmful side effects of bringing about a good end, and harmful means of bringing about the same good end. The distinction turns on whether one merely foresees killing 1 person in the process of saving 5, or intends to kill the said 1 to save the said 5. Many see this as a distinction without a difference, along with its sister distinction between acts and omissions. Mackie in Ethics characterizes both as artificial, and explains how moral dilemmas undermine the idea of absolute commands in general: More recent renditions include YOLO (“you only live once”) "live fast, die young", and "we want the world and we want it now", courtesy of Jim Morrison. Horace himself was a Roman Epicurean, and many of his poems reflect the "carpe diem" take on Epicurean hedonism. But Epicurus was a guru of moderation in pleasures. Aristippus of Cyrene, on the other hand, perhaps the founder of hedonism, considered instant physical gratification preferable to intellectual pleasures exactly because it was more intense. There is a well established school of thought which holds that potential existence is also a kind of existence, and it carries moral value with it. In other words, it is not necessary for people to place themselves in two different time frames at once, they can argue from a single time frame, but acknowledge its potentialities in addition to actualities. The device of subjunctive mood and the use of counterfactuals you mention evolved precisely for such purposes. Felt discusses potentiality in the context of free will and responsibility in Impossible Worlds: 

Rebuttal: Don't do X and you won't be punished 

This is an English translation of the Latin motto suum cuique, alternatively translated as "to each their own" or "may all get their due". The phrase was popularized by Cicero in De Natura Deorum ("iustitia suum cuique distribuit", justice renders to everyone his due) and later codified in the Justinian Corpus of Civil Law:"Justice is a habit whereby a man renders to each one his due with constant and perpetual will". This is usually used more broadly and on a greater time scale than yours, but in its ethical application the idea is the same: decisions and actions should be judged based on information and context available at the time, not from the all-knowing perspective available with the benefit of hindsight. "No second guessing", "no Monday morning quarter backing" are lower brow expressions of this sentiment. There are some obvious situations where one can argue that we know what is best. Such as screening for known genetic diseases and aborting fetuses that have severe ones. But I do not see why utilitarianists would even want to avoid declaring this ethical, considering that it is openly discussed as sensible policy in the mainstream.