MIT's Open Courseware program has a lot of lectures on philosophy of language and linguistics. Some of the courses have full lecture notes, some of them have selected lecture notes and unfortunately some of them have no lecture notes. However, all of them list the syllabus for the class which includes the required readings, both papers and textbooks. 

There are obvious cases where it would be easy to say "you committed a morally impermissible act and that was morally wrong of you" but there are other cases, like your example with buying alcohol, where the act wasn't outright morally right or wrong, it was just a morally permissible action. 

In "Unrestricted Exportation and Some Morals for the Philosophy of Language", Kripke discusses unrestricted exportation in relation to the de dicto / de re distinction. In this paper he cites a few papers that also deal with (or are at least pertinent to) the subject such as Russell's "On Denoting', Quine's "Quantifier's and Propositional Attitudes, Dennett's "Beyond Belief", and Sosa's "Quantifiers, Beliefs, Sellars". 

Morally impermissible is something that is not obligatory or permissible. Many people would make the argument that as a moral agent, if you went and murdered somebody with no provocation or any sort of rational reasoning behind it, that would be a morally impermissible act. They would argue that you, as a moral agent who is capable of reasoning about the ethical implications of actions, have done something that is not allowed by any rational thought about ethics. You took somebody's rights to their life away, you committed a horrible act and you understood the harm in doing so, so that act is obviously impermissible. 

A primary resource that discusses the topics in that section would be The Seminar of Jacques Lacan: The Ethics of Psychoanalysis (Vol. Book VII). Additionally, Ecrits is probably Lacan's most important collection of writings that you should read if you are planning on understanding his work; it contains many of his writings including the seminar mentioned above. As you will see in the bibliographies, Zizek has written extensively on Lacan and is probably the most ubiquitous (for better or for worse) contemporary philosopher that writes on the topic. See his book Looking Awry: An Introduction to Jacques Lacan through Popular Culture. 

Morally permissible means that an action is not outright wrong. Some people make the argument that abortion is morally permissible, that is, it is not necessarily a "morally good" action to have an abortion but it is also not "morally bad". A large amount of people say that abortion in the case of incest or rape, or when having the child would have serious medical ramifications for the child or mother, is morally permissible. 

For linguistics, they also have classes on Introduction to linguistics, Syntax, as well as Semantics and Pragmatics. The textbooks and other suggested readings listed on the syllabus should point you in the right direction as well. The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy, which is a great resource for introductions to philosophical topics, has an article on the philosophy of linguistics and it has an exstensive bibiliography containing more references and resources. 

The authors that you mentioned are all authors that wrote primary sources on these topics, the textbooks and lectures I've provided are contemporary authors providing commentary and introductions to the primary material. The purpose is to give you a better understanding of what the ideas being presented are so that you can later go and study the primary papers yourself with the tools you need to understand what is being discussed. In this respect, these lectures and textbooks are a lot less difficult to read than the primary sources. 

A good place to start would be the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy's article Jacques Lacan as well as the Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy's article Jacques Lacan (1901—1981). The SEP article has a very comprehensive bibliography listing both primary and secondary literature relating to Lacan's ideas. The IEP article has an entire section devoted to Lacan's ideas about "subject" which starts by asserting: