This is the verse prohibiting Tawassul. 

They said: "O our father! Ask forgiveness (from Allah) for our sins, indeed we have been sinners." http://tanzil.net/#12:97 

It is clear that usual believers like us can not see the deeds of people. in the different hadith it is said the believers in this verse means the fourteen infallibles and they everyday see deeds of people. another verses says we should not call them dead, but they are alive: 

Because this question of angels means that other humans lived before Adam a.s. on earth unless they did not asked such question. 

Perhaps you think Allah (AWJ) created only this universe and created no humans unless you?! Yes, By Allah Indeed God created thousands of thousands of universes and thousands of thousands of Adams that you are at the end of those universes and Adams. 

Firstly Quran itself is the miracle of our times and contains many scientific miracles. but if one is not aware about the context of society at 1400 years ago in Arabia peninsula when Quran was appeared, it is not easy to understand how Quran is miracle of this era. there are different websites explaining some scientific miracles of Quran. 

Dua'a E Tawassul (Seeking Intercession) 

Anyway the best and easiest possible way of seeing a miracle by your own eyes is doing Tawassul to the Ahl ul Bayt. they are very merciful and answer you very soon. but a serious Tawassul with loving them is needed to they answer soon. leaving sin and obeying obeying them as well as Quran makes acceptance of dua and seeing miracle done by them much more sooner. 

According to Shia Islam the exact age of Earth is not mentioned but there are some Hadith that show the age of earth is millions or billions of years. 

Ineed Islam does not say earth is young or has small ages like 5000 or 1000. age of earth is not clearly mentioned as we know. InshaAllah Imam Mahdi a.s. comes soon and scientists can ask him. 

In a Hadith Imam Sadiq a.s. said to one of his companions: 

Are raffles haraam, even if they are used for fund raising purposes where the winner gets a trip go do an umrah? 

Does Islam have rules for this, is it considered disrespectful to refer to your granddad as granddad, or is it disrespectful to refer to your granddad via his real name? 

Is the quran supposed to be like this? i.e. you can only relate to those parts of the quran which you have experienced in your life? The other parts just end up going over your head as you can't relate, just as they do with a normal book, if you can't to certain parts of a book. 

I'm assuming they practised some sort of fighting technique which used swords. Does anyone know if this is true and what system they used? 

In the time of the prophet when the wars took place. How did the islamic soldiers fight? Did they just randomly swing their swords at their enemy or did they have some sort of fighting system which they practised? 

For example, I am part of 2 cultures. 1 culture considered it respectful to call people by their first name no matter who they are and what their age is. For example, in 1 of these cultures, it is perfectly respectable to call your granddad by his first name. 

Sunni view preferred with evidence from quran/hadith and/or fatwa. 

What I mean is, if a non muslim who hates islam and starts reading the quran, he will get a totally different meaning from the quran than a muslim who reads the quran.