Recall the formalization of the two readings: Note: My explanations presuppose a highly truth-functional approach to natural language semantics; I am aware that one could try to account for the two concepts in a completely different way, e.g. by cognitive semantics making use of more psychological evidence, and that there is a lot of criticism one could impose against such a bare truth-functional/set-theoretical/formal-logical account of meaning. I still think that they are not too useless especially when it comes to the actual meaning of very vague terminology; sticking to rather strictly defnied entities like functions, sets and truth values often helps to disambiguate between notions that are hard to capture concisely. As a general introduction, I would recommend you the Introduction to Semantics by T. E. Zimmermann & W. Sternefeld (2013). They have a very set-theoretical approach, but for formal semantics I guess this is a helpful introduction. They introduce the basic issues of semantics (lexical, structural and scope ambiguity, compositonality, truth values), explain how to compositionally derive the meaning of complex expressions with some focus on genealized quantifiers and a short excurs to logical types, an introduction to intensionality (not very extensive, but it's good in explaining why we need it and what possible words should be), a chapter on presuppositions (which is usually regarded a concern of pragmatics and therefore more of a bonus to the book, but they try to explain why most in the discussion of presupposition can actually be accounted for purely semantically) and in the end a wrap-up involving predicate logic, lambda expressions and problems of variable bindining, however that chapter is rather dense and probably not most well suited as a gentle introduction to such formal representations. The rest is, I'd say, well readable. The linguistic relation between the lexical items resembles (!) one of hypernymy and hyponymy: The word jacuzzi would be a hyponym to the word hot tub and the word hot tub would be a hypernym to the word jacuzzi - if one regarded "hot tub" as a word, which is not entirely accurate because it actually consists of two words, so this terminology which is defined on words doesn't apply here that nicely. A more straightforward example would be something like cat being a hyponym to animal and animal being a hypernym to cat (every cat is an animal, but not every animal is a cat). English has a somewhat unusual construction exemplified by sentences like the following: Copular clauses in English generally have a "Topic BE Focus" structure, rather than a "Focus BE Topic" structure. That is, the phrase that you're predicating something about precedes the copula; what you're predicating of that phrase follows the copula. In your example, you were predicating something about "the guy behind you", namely that you were mistaken as to his identity. You weren't predicating something about your wife (as you would have been if you had said "I thought you were behind me"). I have three questions about this construction, one synchronic, one diachronic, and one typological: In a similar vein, your example 2b would be fine in a scenario (a weird one, but bear with me) where the boy has learned a wrong meaning for the word "mother", and thinks it means "any woman whose hand one happens to be holding". Describing that case you could, I think, perfectly well say 2b. This is because what the boy is mistaken about is (the meaning of) "his mother", so that goes into the Topic position, while in 2a what he is mistaken about is the identity of "the woman whose hand he was holding". He had his car stolen. He had his house repossessed. He's had three books published. These are different from the causative have construction: e.g. (1) doesn't mean "He caused his car to be stolen". What this construction seems to do is line up the subject with an argument that could be called an "affectee", i.e. someone affected by the action; another term might be "beneficiary", but in the broad sense of a referent who is either advantaged or disadvantaged by the action. This raises the non-linguistic question, which I'm not sure how to answer, of why we cognitively frame cases of mistaken identity in this way rather than the reverse: after all, if you're wrong about the identity of X because you think it's Y, aren't you also wrong about the identity of Y? But that's not how we think about it. If you were asked "Whose identity were you mistaken about, in that scenario?" you would answer "The guy behind me", not "My wife". What are the semantics of this construction? What constraints are there on the semantic role of the subject and its relationship to the action of the verb? For example, one constraint seems to be that the subject should be aware of the action: He had his car stolen, but he didn't realize it sounds strange to me. Also, it seems like the action has to be agentive (though the agent is someone other than the subject): He had his key lost is obviously bad. When and how did this construction arise? Is it historically an extension of the causative have construction? What other languages have similar constructions, i.e. ones that line up the subject with an "affectee" or "beneficiary" argument, and what do these look like morphosyntactically? (The "benefactive pivot" construction of some Philippine languages seems to be one example.)