Additionally, the terms "left" and "right" are imprecise for any rigorous thinking. They are a kind of social shorthand that is really only useful for talking to people who generally understand the world the same as you. 

Is that it? What about violence? We often hear about extremism in the news through an association to political violence. Extremists are great candidates for radicalization. Radicalization is social and educational process that makes a person capable of extreme actions to support their views. 

This Resignation Letter is Not Required by Law Law does not require an outgoing senator to send a letter to anyone. I checked the federal Senate rules, federal statute, as well as the laws of Illinois and Kansas. I also checked the Kansas administrative regulations. None of these sources require a resigning senator to do anything. 

So the text of the Constitution specifies when citizenship matters. That the writers did not apply the concept of citizenship to all these other kinds of protections is evidence that it was not meant to be citizen-specific (according to the T.J. Law Review). 

In order to answer this question, I am going to quote the directive itself. All emphasis in the following quotes are mine. 

Requirements for different political offices are different. So you would need to look at the exact requirements for a political office to tell if it might theoretically be open to legal persons. For example, Article 2 of the US constitution says about the requirements of being the president: 

According to §108b StGB [German|English] (Bribing voters), selling or buying a vote is also a crime which is penalized with up to 5 years. 

Even just showing to someone how you voted can be illegal according to §107c StGB [German|English] (Violation of secrecy of elections) and could get you up to two years in prison. (To clarify as it was asked in a comment: It is of course not illegal to tell someone how you voted, but it is illegal to prove to someone how you voted). 

It is far more emotionally effective to single out isolated cases and use them as a stand-in for what is happening on a grander scale than just quoting statistics. 

The German criminal code also has the §166 which forbids to insult religious groups in a way which may cause civil unrest. In the light of the recent attack in Paris, this "blasphemy paragraph" is again matter of public discussion. There are both people who want to make it stricter as well as those who want to abolish it completely. 

•Religious offense toward Christ, Mohammad, God etc. 

That's why there are frequently demands for legislation to make lobbying more transparent. By making it clearer which politician gets influenced by whom, the whole political process which leads to a decision becomes more visible to the public, and politicians are motivated to listen to contrary viewpoints to avoid accusations of being influenced by just a single organization. 

So the text of the Constitution specifies when citizenship matters. That the writers did not apply the concept of citizenship to all these other kinds of protections is evidence that it was not meant to be citizen-specific (according to the T.J. Law Review). 

The second definition is somewhat more robust: a person isn't belief because of their belief, but because of how they maintain it. They are unwilling to compromise or change their beliefs, even in the face of evidence or reason. They are passionate about their beliefs, even in times when it is otherwise socially unacceptable. Anyone with a different view was the enemy. Their ideology explains everything of importance with no possibility of being wrong. 

Is that it? What about violence? We often hear about extremism in the news through an association to political violence. Extremists are great candidates for radicalization. Radicalization is social and educational process that makes a person capable of extreme actions to support their views. 

Some changes were rejected using another ordinance, but others became effective immediately. 

Question: Isn't this a case of breaking the separation of powers principle (or a conflict between the powers)? (since the Government changed a law without the Parliament being able to revert its effects) 

I think this restriction is also related to the following: 

This means that any favorable criminal laws changes cannot be reversed, even if the Parliament rejects the ordinance (of course, this applies to those having trials or serving time between the ordinance being issued and its rejection in the Parliament). 

At the end of January 2017, Romanian Government 

"dumb factor" - some people may think about testing them, thus resulting in injuries or death 

not really justified - number of murders by shooting within European Union is quite small (about 1,000 homicides per year at about 700M population, as opposed to about 30K in USA at about 300M population. So, there is small justification for need of such items 

(1) Whenever, between the time of the final judgment in a criminal case and the time the sentence is fully served, a law is enacted that stipulates a lighter penalty, the original sentencing shall be reduced to the special maximum of the new sentencing if the previous one exceeded that special maximum.