Candidates often drop out at this stage, or soon afterwards, because they have failed to win enough behind-the-scenes support. Of course, both the BBC and Oxford University are part of the British establishment, and for cultural reasons will tend to reflect the establishment consensus; but that is a different matter from being agencies under the control of the government of the day. Of course, people in countries whose politics are being criticised by the US government will not necessarily welcome such criticism. But the US government is free to say whatever it likes, and as a practical matter there is nothing any other nation can do to stop it. Among current office holders, there are two major types of reaction: Instead of comparing the BBC to agencies under direct government control, a better analogy would be a university. British universities receive most of their funding from central government; but the Prime Minister is unable to sack university professors at will, and the mere fact of being a professor at (say) Oxford University does not make a person an agent of the British government in any meaningful sense. 

Obviously, it is theoretically possible for a non-citizen to vote illegally, in California or any other US state. (1) the election is held partly for some other purpose; It is unusual for incumbent Presidents to lose re-election. (Since 1945, 8 incumbents have won and 3 have lost.) All else being equal, the opposition party has a better chance against a new candidate than an incumbent President. Obviously this works to the advantage of the opposition party, but a long period of single-party rule may be regarded as bad for the country as a whole. 

Penalties for violation include fines and/or imprisonment for up to one year. 

Can a nation organized and governed such as ours endure? That is the real question. Have we the nerve and the will? Can we carry through in an age where we will witness not only new breakthroughs in weapons of destruction — but also a race for mastery of the sky and the rain, the ocean and the tides, the far side of space and the inside of men's minds? (Interestingly, prior to World War One many US states allowed non-citizens to vote. The above federal law was passed in 1996.) This is a complex question, because there are no official membership cards for "the GOP establishment". It's a collection of individuals with their own beliefs and opinions, which they do not necessarily reveal to the public. 

On occasion, the US government intervenes in contentious internal issues relating to its closest allies. An example would be President Obama's remarks in the UK before the Brexit referendum, expressing opposition to the UK leaving the EU. 

Caveat to the above: I Am Not A Lawyer, corrections are welcome. The actual primaries Candidates need to demonstrate popular support, by winning primaries and caucuses across a wide range of states. This is a lengthy and expensive process, and the winning campaign usually has strong organisational and fundraising skills as well as a plausible candidate. 

The convention was disregarded by Franklin D Roosevelt, albeit under the exceptional circumstances of the Great Depression and Second World War. After Roosevelt's death, it was decided to amend the Constitution to formally prevent any future President from serving more than two terms. 

This is not so for the BBC. Even during the Second World War, the BBC maintained its editorial independence; this was a deliberate policy, as it was believed the BBC would be more trusted if it was seen to be independent rather than a direct mouthpiece for government. Whenever it wants to. Governments often avoid comment on purely internal affairs of other countries, such as election campaigns. But this is no more than a polite convention of diplomacy, and it has many exceptions. Experienced current or former state governors: John Kasich, Jeb Bush. (2) aliens are authorized to vote for such other purpose under a State constitution or statute or a local ordinance; and As such, conflict between President and Senate is not uncommon. Senators have traditionally been concerned to protect the status and authority of the Senate as an institution. Lyndon B Johnson (then Senate majority leader) said in 1959: 

or threats to use the power of the executive branch in retaliation: 

As a side note, when the USA wishes to alter the internal politics of another nation, it has been (and continues to be) willing to use much more forceful means than a polite request. Examples include Iraq 2003-present, Cuba 1958-present, Iran 1953-present, and the ongoing campaign of drone strikes. Barack Obama was nominated in 2008, despite having very little support from the party establishment; much of his funding was made up of small donations raised on the Internet. In this context, "attack" means political opposition: 

Who is the GOP Establishment (GOPE)? In general terms, we can define members of the GOPE as having seniority: They hold, or have held, positions of importance for a considerable length of time. Important sub-groups include: 

Open opposition to Trump: Bob Corker, Jeff Flake, John McCain, John Kasich 

Policy: Trump's policies might be described as populist-nationalist; his support of such ideas as a Muslim travel ban, border wall, massive spending on infrastructure, and limited engagement with other countries, is in conflict with traditional GOPE priorities.