They have also left their mark in popular culture - from Zen & the art of motobike maintenance, Yoda in Star Wars, the Beetles taking up with a guru, the films of Bruce Lee & Kung Fu the 70s TV serial. In high art through the paintings of Rothko and some of the short stories of Salinger. 

What we both know and see is theory-laden; there is theory that is natural to us - it's part of us, there is also theory that is inferred; we might say its super-natural being over and above that which is natural. But, this on the face of it, seems merely a speculation of my own. Ungrounded in any texts. How then should one theorise extension? What did Spinoza mean by it? How have other philosophers used it? It was apparently because that this notion was so reminiscent of the creative act in Genesis 'Let there be light' that motivated Hoyle to modify the notion of the Steady State universe to take into account Hubbles evidence; but accumulating theoretical and observational evidence pushed mainstream opinion decisively towards the Big Bang. Great question: I think Kant may do so, he takes a mid-point between Berkeleys pure idealism - all mind, and the materialists - all matter. Qualia for him come from the interaction of mind on matter. 

The entry metaphysics from SEP (Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy) also deals with space and time, see chapter 3.2. 

Descartes was educated in a college run by Jesuit priests. Here he received an in-depth training in scholastic philosophy. will not fit the high estimation of metaphysics by other participants of StackExchange Philosophy. Therefore I hope to learn now the arguments of the adherents of metaphysics. 

I cannot recognize any relation between both statements, not to indicate a logical derivation of one from the other. In my opinion, Leibniz' principle cannot be restated as "I Think Therefore I am". From this point of view one can easily answer the question raised in SEP about whether space and time are real. If one takes real in the sense of “existing independently from any observer” then the answer is: No, space and time are not real, because they depend on the choice of reference. But spacetime is real, because it is an absolute, not a relative concept. One could ask at this point: Can we close the discussion now? 

It's also probably worth recalling that metaphysics has several senses; and in the sense it might be used in ST, it's more akin Descartes notion of First Philosophy, taken by him, as tribute, from Aristotle - where it's understood one is looking at the basic (for him - first) principles of nature. It seems that they must be distinguished. For one thing, for simplicity I'm going to assume we have a fully coherent axiomatic description; its easy to imagine that there will be many theories and (most likely infinitely many) with either the same physical content, and inter-interpretable with each other (This could be concieved as a structuralist contexualisation of physical law). 

The argument that something cannot come out of nothing is a metaphysical one that goes back to at least Parmenides, if not earlier. In fact in the phenomenal world things always have beginnings and endings. For example, I have my hand open & then I close it: a fist has appeared and an open palm has disappeared, but of course what has remained constant between this, is my hand. The Isha Upanishad has something interesting to say about this: Although Quantum Mechanics differs dramatically from classical mechanics there are broad features that correspond from Classical to Quantum - as there should be - since Quantum Mechanics should converge towards Classical Mechanics as one takes plancks constant towards zero. This is the case for phase space - there is a quantum phase space. 

At least in his Physics, Aristotles classification of causes apply to change; he offers examples which aren't drawn from the physical world: a doctor who cures a patient. 

He notes, that in many cases his classification collapses - the formal and efficient, for example are often identical; and perhaps going by this we may find in a particular change a cause might not apply: the final purpose of doctoring a patient is to bring him to health, the efficient cause being the doctoring; but there does not appear, at first glance an obvious material cause. entropy is traditionally calculated microscopically and probabilistically; however semi-classical calculations attach entropy to black holes through macroscopic datum, thus ST by providing a microscopic explanation is reattaching the thermodynamics of black holes to traditional notions of thermodynamics - this is progress in a way. 3) Concerning your interesting example to explain light rays - microphysics - by the means of Aristotle's doctrine, my proposal is: 

But melting the statue and making a plate from the bronze terminates the object bronze statue and creates a new object bronze plate. On the other hand, the differential equations of QM do not deal with observable quantites like position or velocity, but with a certain function, named the psi-function. It took some time until Born proposed to consider the psi-function a probability. Hence 

will not fit the high estimation of metaphysics by other participants of StackExchange Philosophy. Therefore I hope to learn now the arguments of the adherents of metaphysics. To bring into play the indeterminism of quantum mechanics has not proved to be a solution. On one hand, freewill libertarians do not propagate that our decision are by chance. On the other hand, it seems that understanding how neuronal assemblies run, does not require to operate on the level of microphysics.