The reason is no doubt that, as in many other languages, the complementizer/conjunction introducing indirect speech comes from a neuter relative pronoun. The archaic/hypothetical construction was "I tell you that, that happened..." (meaning "I tell you that, which happened"), or "I tell you, what happened...". This neuter relative pronoun later acquired the characteristics of a conjunction, and the (hypothetical/potential) antecedent disappeared. But -d- plus -t- usually becomes -s-. He then proceeds to give a quotation from Plautus, where nepa is used metaphorically for an animal that could be either a kind of crab or a (water) scorpion. Consonant b becomes unvoiced and t may or may not turn into s (but verb stems on -b- are rare at any rate): Many verbs do not get a suffix at all, especially but not exclusively with consonant stems, but the vowel in the stem will be lengthened compensatorily, and sometimes changed qualitatively: făc-ĕ-re → archaic fe-fec-i (vowel changes) frang-ĕ-re → frac-t-us (nasal infix disappears) However, in many cases the suffix -t- has to come immediately after a consonant; in that case, many things can happen. This is perhaps unexpectedly not limited to consonant stems. Some verbs undergo reduplication, which is an artefact from proto- or pre-Latin, if I remember correctly. This, too, is most common with consonant stems. The vowel will often change in length and quality. tang-ĕ-re → te-tig-i (nasal infix disappears; vowel changes) spondē-re → spo-pond-i (apparently unique, based on Proto-Indo-European perfect) Neuter relative pronoun / conjunction-complementizer / neuter demonstrative pronoun: Mihi placet, quod fecisti. — "Me pleases, what you made." făc-ĕ-re → fēc-i (vowel changes) There is no real way to predict the perfect stem or the supine stem (past-participle stem) of a Latin verb; there are only probabilities. One normally learns the past stems of a verb along with its present stem and conjugation group if they are irregular. pell-ĕ-re → pĕ-pŭl-i (vowel changes) Nepida "water-scorpion-like" (apparently coined by Leach in 1818) comes from classical Latin nepa(s), meaning "scorpion" or "crab". The water scorpion or nepa is currently a genus under the family of nepidae, which in turn fall under the infraorder of nepomorpha; according to Wikipedia, it was so named or classified by Linnaeus himself in 1758. But none of these rules are remotely strict or consistently applied. And many verbs have several perfect stems that can be used interchangeably. Note that the first two words have the same root in each Indo-European branch—Germanic, Italic, and Greek. Note also that the conjunction in classical Latin is not normally used to introduce indirect speech, for which the accusativus cum infinitivo was used, but for other, related subordinate clauses. In Greek, hoti could introduce indirect speech or a causal subordinate clause; the a.c.i. was more common for indirect speech, though. In Latin, the various uses of quod can serve as a nice illustration. All the following constructions/meanings are possible: Adding /s/ is also quite frequent, especially with consonant stems. The resulting letter may be an x if the present stem ended on -c- or -g-. Mihi placet id, quod fecisti. — "Me pleases that, that you made." (i.e. "that, which") After p and c, it can come immediately after: Erravisti, quod fecisti. — "You have erred [with respect to the fact], that you have done [it]." (i.e. you have made a mistake with respect to doing this) pell-ĕ-re → pul-s-us (vowel changes) caed-ĕ-re → cĕ-cīd-i (vowel changes) The supine stem (past participle) is regularly (but by no means always) formed by adding -t- after the theme vowel, if present, where theme vowel -ē- changes into -i-. This -i-tus sometimes also happens with consonant stems. Supine stems are just as irregular and unpredictable as perfect stems, and many verbs even have two interchangeable supine stems. Latin nepa was borrowed from an African language (according to Festus, p. 163): % Dicit, quod fecisti templum. — "He says, that you have made the temple." (only in Mediaeval Latin, possibly Vulgar Latin) păr-ĕ/i-re → pe-pĕr-i (vowel changes) In a/the language of Africans, the star named "crab", or, as some would have it, "scorpion". Many verbs of the -i- conjugation have both -v-i and -i: The regular suffix to form the perfect stem is by adding -v- to the present stem, so after the theme vowel. This is very common, especially for verbs of the -a- conjugation, and also somewhat common for the -i- conjugation.