Shortly after Clement's Stromata, Hippolytus wrote his Commentary on Daniel. The work, although not extant in the original Greek, has been recovered from a combination of Patristic quotes (primarily catenas - collected verse-by-verse commentaries) and a Syriac translation. In one passage he writes: Although it is a popularly asserted that Christmas was borrowed from pagan culture, that idea does not coincide well with what we know about third century Christianity. (Many of the modern customs of Christmas were, no doubt, borrowed from the culture at various points, but the date itself does not appear to have been borrowed.) Instead, the date for Christmas likely stems from the date for Jesus' crucifixion, as strange as that may seem. This is due to an early tradition that Jesus was conceived on the say day he was crucified, which ultimately stems from a combination Jewish tradition about Biblical figures living exactly the number of years stated in the Bible, combined with philosophical ideas about completeness. Jesus' birth date, then, was set nine months after His crucifixion/conception date. In the west, where it was thought Jesus was crucified on Nissan 14 (March 25), Christmas became December 25. In the east, they used the 14th day of the Greek calendar instead of the Hebrew, putting the dates at April 6 and January 6 respectively. (See McGowan's article and the numerous sources he cites for additional information.) Clement then offers a couple different calculations as to the date - the 25th of Pachon [May 20] or the 24th or 25th of Pharmuthi [April 20 or 21]. Perhaps more notably for purposes of this answer, he also writes: The "eight days ... the week" clause has generally been thought to be an interpolation. However, Tom Schmidt has recently provided detailed analysis that suggests the date is original. His peer reviewed paper "Calculating December 25 as the Birth of Jesus in Hippolytus’ Canon and Chronicon" (Vigiliae Christianae, Volume 69, Issue 5, October 2015) provides further evidence that Hippolytus' writings support a December 25 date for Jesus' birth. However, I did find a couple of mentions in other places. The entry for Nimrod says: Others relate to Ham, son of Noah, the origin of the idols; others, to his son Canaan. They want Ham to be the same as Zoroaster, so famous among the ancients, and so little known by those of whom we speak. They attribute to Ham the invention of magic and the dangerous arts that it entails. They want Canaan to have spread superstition and the cult of false gods among his descendants, the Canaanites and Phoenicians, through whom it is easily communicated to all the world. Sanchoniathon gives us an almost complete theology of the Phoenicians; we see he says the false religion began in this country, almost as early as the world. But since those who speak of Ham and of Canaan have no positive evidence for their claim, one can put no backing on their report. Moreover it is a fact that Sanchoniathon is an author apparently made up by Porphyry who never existed. Summary It appears that Calmet believed that idol worship began with Terah or possibly his father, Nahor. It appears that the passage the OP refers to comes from Commentaire littéral sur tous les livres, but the passage is not expressing Calmet's view, but rather other scholars. Ultimately, the idea stems from the pagan philosopher Porphyry. Summary If you are looking for the first unambiguous evidence of a Christmas feast, it comes from a 354 almanac documenting the feast back to 336. If you are looking for what the evidence says about the actual origin of the feast, the answer is late third century. If evidence for the Epiphany feast counts, the date can be pushed back to back to the year 200, although that feast was originally primarily about Jesus' baptism (philosophical ideas of the time would say He was most likely baptized exactly 30 years after His birth, so there is some connection regardless). The earliest evidence for interest in determining Jesus' birthday also dates to around the year 200. Dictionnaire historique ... de la Bible Usually when someone cites Calmet, it is a reference to his 1722 Dictionnaire historique, critique, chronologique, géographique et littéral de la Bible, published under the English title Dictionary of the Holy Bible. I will use this English translation for my answer. It has some additions by an American author, but these are clearly marked in the text, so it remains clear what Calmet wrote originally.