Concerning the possibility of Truman being deceived concerning the nature of this target let's take a look at this quote from the page on the target selection: 

Roosevelt hired someone who was one of the premier scientists in his field, due to the fact that his scientific knowledge was of import to U.S. policy. Remember eugenics ws being practiced not just by the Germans, but the US as well: 

According to The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum site: 

There is also an unsupported entry on the wiki page: 

The target selection process had been going on for some time. A lot of documents are available and the discussion on narrowing down the city to be bombed can be read National Security Archive-George Washington University. This defines Hiroshima 

(Note this is a large pdf file (887 pgs), so be patient on loading.) 

It was considered a valid area of research: 

So bottom line is that there would be little or nothing militarily to gain by such a construction. 

There were even some hints that the Nazis made certain propaganda canpaigns against use of chemical weapons which involved WWI war veterans who suffered from gas attacks. 

Evidently "publish Nazi speeches" is different from just quoting Hitler or any other piece of Nazi propaganda. Definitely Hitler's speeches were not available in their full form to the general public. Maybe they were published in small numbers for internal party reading, which is totally different thing. 

I sometimes encounter accounts that the main reason why chemical weapons were not used in WWII was because initially they were invented by a Jew Fritz Haber, and as such Hitler expressed opinion that use of chemical weapons was inhumane and "Jewish" method of warfare. 

At the time no German tank could do anything to KV-2 and the only ways to combat them were either using anti-air guns or calling the bombers. 

p. 412 ‘Go along, for God’s sake!…’, Anonymous, p. 66 

How was Munich captured in WWII and how much time did it take? For example was it on a scale of three days? 

In Russian Empire for instance there were multiple bloody anti-Jewish pogroms. The only reason why the Jews were not killed by the non-Jewish population at the time was that the state mostly made efforts to protect the Jews or at least to limit the extent of hostilities. 

So, the change happened between 1958 and 1971. 

Did the US indeed expect that the explosion will destroy just one factory rather than the entire city? 

After all the blame for the atrocities possibly should lay on the German authorities who failed to destroy alcohol in time so to prevent those savages to take it: 

Judging from the pattern which the Nazis established in their dealings with different ethnic groups, it is reasonable to assume that the Nazis would attempt 

So this historian believes the shame over the revelation of the massacre at Katyn, as well as conditions in the camp, finally accumulated to the point where Yakov couldn't take it any more. 

If we look at the first part of the above mentioned diary article, it discusses the information concerning the weapon test. 

There is also an image/ chart on the site. It is also shown on the Nazi concentration camp badge, which has quite a bit of other info concerning these markings. 

Here is one specific chart concerning birth rates (pg 60, pdf pg 68): 

The minesweeping process of the time involved cutting loose the mines and then detonating them on the surface with gunfire.But again the bombing taking place might cover any detonations. (Image from wikipedia) 

All above quotes from wiki:Eugenics in the United States 

Seems like the wiki article you linked covers it fairly well: 

As to Churchill's discomfort, it is also discussed in sources such as Presidential Diversions: Presidents at Play... By Paul F. Boller, where it quotes Churchill, the next day during the lengthy classical performance put on by Stalin's musicians, as saying 

References: Wikipedia articles on BM-13, IL-2, Yak-3, Kliment Voroshilov tank (KV). 

As I understand, after the collapse, the point of view prevailed that Turkey has to be a national state rather than empire (the Russians do not understand it even now). Therefore, it did not really want to try to restore the empire, preferring to stay neutral. 

After the war and after the territorial changes resulting from this war, there was a massive "exchange of population". Germans were forced to move from new territories of Poland and Czechoslovakia to Germany. Poles were forced to move from Soviet Union to Poland. Ukrainians were forced to move from Poland to Soviet Union. All Germans from the new Kaliningrad region of Soviet Union (=former east Prussia) were moved to Germany. The numbers of people moved in each case were millions. At the time when this happened (the years immediately after WWII) there was no East and West Germany (as separate states. There were Russian, British, French and US occupation zones, but movement between them was possible). People who were moved were not resettled on some well defined territory. They were just scattered over Germany. (Same thing happened to other resettled people). Political organizations of those displaced Germans who demanded return existed in West Germany for long time, but I am not sure whether they still exist. (In Soviet Union and Communist Poland and Czechoslovakia, no political organizations independent of the government could legally exist).