Summary It's a common rule among certain, generally more conservative Christian groups, that card games should not be played, and the rule varies a lot in how strictly it is interpreted. It is also a rule which, like many such rules, has almost certainly been observed more strictly in the past than in the present. 

Apparently official Mormon doctrine does (or did?) prohibit playing card games with a standard 52-card deck (Rook is permitted): 

Thus each suit of 13 cards represents the 13 lunar months of the Earth year. Since the sidereal lunar month may be approximated to 28 days, each deck is equal to 364 days of the year. 

And in my examples, the Bible doesn't say anything about the square of 2 not being 4, nor that Neil Armstrong did not walk on the moon. 

This history of playing cards makes references to several places where card games were prohibited in or near churches--I see no reference to church members being prohibited from playing in other locations. 

I stress for Biblical reasons, because I'm not interested in the types of arguments that might be made based on the Fermi paradox, or other views that are equally valid among non-theists. Naturally, Biblical reasons are bound to coincide with naturalistic and/or philosophical reasons, and that's fine. I'm not looking for the absence of naturalistic/philosophical reasons; I'm looking for the existence of a Biblical basis. 

So even believing the Bible is inherently basing our beliefs on those who came before. 

The Bible authors "came before." So lets imagine that there's an imaginary Bible verse that says: 

Clearly not all Christian views need to have a Biblical basis. I'm a Christian, and I have the view that the square of 2 is 4, and that Neil Armstrong walked on the moon, however these view are not explained in the Bible. 

Catholics hold Tradition in high esteem, but (to my understanding), they believe that Tradition never conflicts with the Bible. 

This is discussed, from a Catholic perspective, at the Catholic Encyclopedia. Although it doesn't make any dogmatic assertions as to where Catholics believe hell is, it does reference a few scripture verses, and other opinions, which, if taken literally, may indicate a location for hell, but suggests the verses are likely only metaphore. One example: 

There is a lot of speculation, however, about "where" Hell is, and I suspect the most common beliefs are that: 

Ross is an Old Earth Creationist; that is, he believes in an old earth (billions of years), but that humanity was a "special creation", not evolved from lower life forms. 

Some groups may go so far as to prohibit all playing cards. 

The above quoted site is provided by That the World May Know Ministries, and offers a DVD series entitled Faith Lessons, featuring the founder Ray Vander Laan which offers documentary-style on-location Bible studies suitable for small groups. I believe the one that addresses this issue is Life and Ministry of the Messiah, or possibly Walk as Jesus Walked. It has been several years since I've watched these, and I don't have access to them now to confirm. 

When you think about it, this question is based on circular reasoning. 

The answer is quite simple: Scripture does not specify where Hell is. 

And to scope the question away from "My uncle is a TE, and believes this", please focus on Theistic Evolutionists which have published their views in a book, magazine, or journal (peer review not required; self-published blogs and the like discouraged). 

The LDS church has other scriptures they use, but again, these, at least in their view, never conflict with the Bible. 

More common is prohibiting the standard 52-card deck. Either because of its association with gambling, or the occult/astrology, apparently. 

Hell is a state of mind, and exists all around us wherever anyone suffers, and in the after life, it may be the same "physical" place as Heaven. 

Similarly, the whole deck of 52 cards represents the 52 weeks of the year. Therefore, the whole deck is also equal to 364 days of the year (the positivist calendar) with the four suits corresponding to the four seasons. 

There was a show on the History channel stating that some scholars believe Adam and Eve were alive with a third human, Lilith. Lilith disobeyed Adam and Eve, so God sent her to live on earth as a demon. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lilith#In_the_Bible 

http://www.bitterwaters.com/Lilith_in_Bible.html 

but there is also an external representation of God. For example: 

Should it be a representation of God as the spirit within (so we are focusing inside of our-self during prayer - closing out all the external), to the more external ambiguous God "in the sky", to a human form (to Jesus) or to something that is more like a "force field" (omnipresent)? 

It appears in today's (western) culture, people pray and "look up to the sky" or have a mental representation of talking with a human form of God (praying to the human Jesus). 

or maybe means activating the part of God already in us? 

I am confused about what it really means to activate God's power in my life, which I heard my pastor say. 

In the Bible, we find an internal representation of God, who is within us. For example: 

Question: During prayer, what should the mental representation of God be? 

Is this just Jewish mythology or should it be considered part of the religion? 

There are passages that make it sound like something actually comes into us (the Holy Ghost, I heard someone say) and actually changes real life situations...in other words things from from the meta-physical or spiritual world changing us and daily experiences. 

Is that true, or is it us just acting and thinking differently? 

What place does Lilith have in Christianity? Is she part of the devil, an evil angel, is she relevant today? 

How should a Christian view her? For example, Adam and Eve directly effect each of our lives right now, since eating from the tree of knowledge...is there something analogous to this with Lilith?