On a scale in which 2010 is 100, Chilean productivity increased from 43 to 47 between 1986 and 1990. This is typical productivity growth for most countries at the time. There is no particular evidence in these data that Pinochet had much effect on productivity. However, Chilean productivity grew sharply between 1994 and 1997. Which could be seen as a delayed response to his downfall in 1990 or could be unrelated/cyclical changes. While "celibacy syndrome" is a fantasy, there is a real problem of a declining birth-rate, low levels of immigration and an aging population. Convictions become "spent" depending on the sentence given. Cautions and non-custodial convictions become spent most quickly. Custodial sentences of over 2½ years never become spent. The age at which a crime was committed also affects when a conviction becomes spent. Some roles, such as "teacher" are exempt and all convictions and cautions must be disclosed. — source While it was widely reported in Western media, there has been little discussion of a decline in sexual activity among young adults in Japan. It is not considered a problem, as it does not exist and has not been reported to exist. And therefore no strategic steps have been planned or implemented to fight the syndrome. From an economic perspective, the lion's share (perhaps 90%+) of C corporations measured by revenues, income, assets, employees, or corporate taxes paid are publicly held companies that have to disclose their ownership structure in any case to a great extent under the securities laws (although disclosing the ownership structure of C-corporations that don't pay dividends isn't that important from a tax collection perspective because those corporations pay income tax at the entity level rather than the ownership level). There were about 1.6 million C corporations in the U.S., a category that does not have to report beneficial ownership to the IRS unless dividends are paid in the current year. About 1% of these are publicly held companies that make of the predominant economic share of the total. Only 819,000 of them have any taxable income (most of those without taxable income pay their taxable income to a shareholder-employee as a bonus each year which is reported to the IRS as wage and salary income), and all but about 200,000 either have no income tax due as a consequence of tax credits (with the balance paid as compensation to shareholder-employees in most cases), or have income that is due only in lower tax brackets for small corporations that are lower than the tax brackets for publicly held companies and individual income earners. History and sociology tells us that social classes predominantly arise from the scale of communities (i.e. how many people are involved in a particular community) and from the division of labor, and not from private ownership of productive resources. To the extent that any political theory says otherwise, it is empirically wrong. (1) Social classes exist in feudal systems in which all productive resources are owned by the government. It is really even more pervasive than that, because there are significant tax disincentives to create C-corporations except in cases of foreign ownership or publicly held companies, where C-corporations are the only permitted tax regime. For example, there are strong tax reasons for C-corporations not to own real estate, where the tax treatment of pass through entities who disclose their ownership to the IRS is much more favorable. There were 3,613,000 entities taxed under subchapter K who had to report their partners to the IRS. Thus, by referring to civic society, he is also indirectly alluding to the belief that immigrants undermine civil society. Civil society is a nuanced as complex concept, as the link explains, but can be summed up in the sense referred to here as the grass roots cultural and institutional base of values and communities that allow our political economy to function properly. Outsiders, in his view, threaten this underlying fabric of our society that makes everything else work. The OECD has productivity data (GDP per hour worked) going back to 1986, so it has data for the last 4 years of Pinochet's rule. In each of those years, productivity increased. On a scale in which 2010 is 100, Chilean productivity increased from 43 to 47 between 1986 and 1990. This is typical productivity growth for most countries at the time. There is no particular evidence in these data that Pinochet had much effect on productivity. However, Chilean productivity grew sharply between 1994 and 1997. Which could be seen as a delayed response to his downfall in 1990 or could be unrelated/cyclical changes. While it was widely reported in Western media, there has been little discussion of a decline in sexual activity among young adults in Japan. It is not considered a problem, as it does not exist and has not been reported to exist. And therefore no strategic steps have been planned or implemented to fight the syndrome. There does not appear to be much controversy regarding the application of this law to adult offenders. There is debate on how it should apply to juvenile offenders source