In some branches of philosophy a validity claim must be grounded in a "true, justified belief," around which a great thicket of qualifiers, definitions, and controversies has arisen. In scientific matters or legal cases, "evidence" conforms to various formal specifications, the possibility of falsification or replication, and ultimately some formalized, yet conditional consensus. Fourth, a physicist (can't remember which one) said that if we had only thought more carefully about the ambiguous definition of a "point" we would never have been surprised by quantum paradoxes. Our instinct is to think additively. A good corrective to this is information theory, in which knowledge increases by the elimination of "uncertainty." A Hegelian "negation of negation." 

First, a straight line is the "fastest speed." For this is simply another way of saying that it is the "shortest distance" between two points. So the speed of light "C" is physically the "straightest" line. We use it to define the meter. But in physical reality, the linear extension of light, if we may think of it as such, refracts in innumerable mediations. And does so universally through the "lens" of gravitation. 

But these are cases of "public" evidence, "experiential" confirmation, aiming at consensus. No such evidence can be offered for the existence of God. The existence of sacred texts, the testimony of believers, or witness of "miracles," are not instances that can be readily falsified or confirmed by repetition and collective experience. A "miracle" as Hume notes, is precisely that event which cannot be repeated, demonstrated to others, and thus confirmed as a "law of nature." Practicing scientists could care less, but are deeply offended that their own work may be open to such skeptical attack. This is a valid, Kantian sort of worry at least on the level of social consensus and stability. No truth? Then we all run wild? But if you actually read the scientists who are philosophically inclined, from Mach to Bohr you will see that "truths" have always been a problematic issue for science. And it is equally the case that many notorious philosophers from Heidegger to Derrida, who are deeply concerned with the operations of language, are by no means just spouting jargon and know far more mathematics and logic than you might think. 

Proponents of the steady state universe versus the expanding universe were about equally divided, with the discovery of background radiation tipping the balance. The Ptolemaic system and the Copernican system existed alongside one another for a time, both equally coherent and consistent with phenomena. I believe the "holographic model" of the universe recalculates general relativity with a dimension subtracted, but I may have that bolloxed up. In both cosmology and quantum theory three are a number of mathematically developed, competing theories awaiting some experimental framework. And in many cases, Occam's razor may become the sole distinction between equally plausible theories. 

You would presumably need some sort of internal "evidence" to justify a "belief." But justifying a personal belief in God is not the same as making a truth claim upon the beliefs of others, so the "evidence" required is very different. Fifth, To expand on the fourth point. We live in "three dimensional" volumes. Scare quotes because we should distrust our axiomatic concepts of "dimension."Two volumes intersect to form a plane. A plane is the intersection or "mutual elimination" of two volumes. A plane is the least thing we can see or imagine. A "line" is the intersection or "mutual limitation" of two planes.A point is the mutual limitation of two lines. And what is the intersection of two points? A circle? An "oscillation?" While Cort Ammon and others have given good definitional answers, these are more about the "nature of axiomatic systems," while I suspect what is wanted is more along the lines of, what is a straight line "really?" In this, I appear to disagree with both Cort Ammon and Rex Kerr, who are venturing, I believe, far outside the Kuhnian framework. Second, on our apparently spherical planet it came as a slow-moving shock to modern humans to discover that if you travel in a "straight line" away from, say, Lisbon, you will get further and further away. Eventually, when you are as far away as possible, you will find that you have returned to Lisbon! But from the "other side." The Lisbon your ships left returns as the "end of the straight line" backwards, in reverse. The non-Euclidean "straight line" or "great circle." The problem lies in "describe nature correctly." Correlation with phenomena is often complex and usually based on forthcoming predictive capacity. I think that if two distinct theories both correlate to the same phenomena they would logically be "reducible to on a another." The term is best applied in aesthetics to described movements in art and architecture postdating those styles dubbed "modern." It is also applied in Marxist theory, where it refers to a later stage of decentralized capitalist development and its cultural-institutional ramifications. One symptom of this stage is a world so dominated by commodities, copies, and representations that the idea of something "original" being represented slides into doubt. So, yes, this could include any idea of "foundational truths." From this genesis came a long line of anti-philosophical philosophers and "natural philosophers" also known as "scientists." But as Hegel himself said "you can't avoid metaphysics." The certainties of science quickly fall prey to skepticism. The smallest particle enters an infinite regress into smaller particles. Soon enough, physicist are struggling to define the "physical" and find themselves one again sucked into metaphysics. 

This is probably not the place to look for "anti-philosophical" arguments.I would only add that Kant, Hegel, and Heidegger are undoubtedly the philosophers most reviled by "scientific" or "analytical" philosophers, beginning with Moore and Russell. There is a lot of printed nonsense that travels under the name "postmodern," because philosophy and cultural theory do not have the same axiomatic and consensual filtering systems as "hard science." But would we really want them to? And while they may not think of their work this way, the "hard scientists" themselves are always chipping away in the ongoing effort to falsify today's "fundamental truths."