So it could be that the people referred to her as a sister of Aaron because of her link to the Priestly order, and her dedication and worship in the Temple, a similar disposition to Aaron. Hanafi: From Al-Hidayah fi Sharh Bidayat al-Mubtadi: 

A widow can remarry after her husband's death and after observing a waiting period (iddah). There is no Khula or Talaq, since they are given by the husband (who is dead), nor a need for Fask from a Judge etc. 

He goes on to narrate various narrations about who could have been the first to build Bait ul Muqadas, and mentions traditions about the following: (The dead body) of a person who had killed himself with a broad-headed arrow was brought before the Messenger of Allah (ﷺ), but he did not offer prayers for him. 

Quran 3:36 But when she delivered her, she said, "My Lord, I have delivered a female." And Allah was most knowing of what she delivered, "And the male is not like the female. And I have named her Mary, and I seek refuge for her in You and [for] her descendants from Satan, the expelled [from the mercy of Allah ]." From Expositor's Greek Testament: 

He replied: I was told (by Allah): We would not set right anything of yours which you damaged yourself. Allah mentions in the Quran, the people for whom funeral is not allowed: 

I understand that this is a valid interpretation among Christian scholars, though some may disagree with it: 

Tafsir Al Qurtubi narrates the following views present in Islamic tradition on the relation between Aaron and Mary: 

Now, regarding the funeral prayer for such a person: There exists a hadith which says that the Prophet didn't offer funeral for a person who had killed himself: 

Narrated Ibn Abbas: (My mother) Umu-l-Fadl heard me reciting "Wal Mursalati `Urfan" (77) and said, "O my son! By Allah, your recitation made me remember that it was the last Sura I heard from Allah's Messenger (ﷺ). He recited it in the Maghrib prayer. Sahih Bukhari Book 10, Hadith 157 

The scanty notices in the Gospels are (1) that she was a “cousin,” or more generally a “kinswoman,” of Elizabeth, and may, therefore, have been, by her parentage, wholly or in part of the daughters of Aaron. 

He (Tufail) again said: What is this that I see you wrapping up your hands? For details see Tafsir Ibn Kathir. 

Their slaughtered will be eaten, be they a man or woman, child or adult, free or enslaved, and we don't know of a difference of opinion on this. Regarding Salah, it should be performed in the strict manner ordained by the Prophet Muhammad(p.b.u.h) and only the prescribed verses should be recited at the prescribed times. Quran 3:37 So her Lord accepted her with good acceptance and caused her to grow in a good manner and put her in the care of Zechariah. Every time Zechariah entered upon her in the prayer chamber, he found with her provision. He said, "O Mary, from where is this [coming] to you?" She said, "It is from Allah . Indeed, Allah provides for whom He wills without account." 

Wikipedia on the Presentation of Mary: 

Any Quranic verses (and only Quranic verses) may be recited after the Fatiah and before the Rukuh(bowing down). There is no evidence for the Prophet reciting Hadith within the Salah so we don't do that. In matters of obligatory religious rituals and practices anything that the Prophet didn't do is considered an innovation(Bid'ah) and is sinful.