By this same ethical logic, isn't here a point at which the evil and violence committed against innocents (the holocaust, the massacre of the children in Syria, the Armenian genocide, Sandy hook) become so disgusting and irreversible that God should be held responsible for their occurrence? Doesn't he become guilty because of his inaction, just as the kindergarten teacher does? And doesn't this contradict the notion of divine omnibenevolence? So what happens if cheating becomes universal - that is if everyone starts sleeping with whomever they wanted to, regardless of relationship status? The concept of romantic relationship would loose its meaning altogether. One could then argue that given how much of our society is built around courtship and relationship status, this would be an overall bad thing. Per Hume's is-ought problem, most people consider ethical questions to be independent of empirical facts. So if an atheist holds that (a) there are no souls, and (b) killing is bad - then the only logical course of action for her is to be vegetarian. She can eat plant products, because eating plant products doesn't necessarily require killing the entire plant. But if she is to respect the value of life, she cannot eat any meat since killing a living creature would be unavoidable. In the placebo case you mentioned, it is possible to look at it in two ways: My question is, how do utilitarians avoid justifying such scenarios? Or would a utilitarian say that these scenarios are indeed justified? You can't say anything: A hardened consequentialist might simply bite the proverbial bullet and say that, yes indeed, a small amount of slave labor is justified for the greater good. This for example was one of the justifications that pro-slavery "intellectuals" in the American South advanced in the lead up to the American Civil war. Look at Rawls as the best expression of the kind of ethos implicit in the American legal system as it has developed over the last century. Not only do we not need substantive views about the nature of moral goodness, encoding those in law would be positively harmful, since it would license certain kinds of discrimination, such as wracked Europe during the wars on religion. You might argue the US constitution embodies a social contract position, since (at least some versions of) social contract theories say that you don't need a substantive ethical theory to serve as the basis of legality or political authority. Given this, isn't the reasonable thing to do simply to let everybody have whatever substantive moral theory they like, but not let any one of those theories become the basis of law? (2) clearly follows from (1), and yet (1) is a descriptive claim, and (2) a normative one. Alasdair MacIntyre is a famous critic of rights. See his book "After Virtue": edit: also generally marxist theorists are critical of human rights discourse, seeing it as a bourgeois ruse to deny equality to the proletariat. The best reason for asserting so bluntly that there are no such rights is indeed of precisely the same type as the best reason we have for asserting that there are no witches and the best reason we have for asserting that there are no unicorns: every attempt to believe that there are such rights has failed. (p. 69) In a deontological ethics, actions are themselves good or bad, regardless of their consequences: Torturing is bad, and it doesn't matter what reason the torturing is being performed for. Kant, with his categorical imperative says that for an action to be acceptable in one situation, it has to be acceptable in any situation. Since torture is not acceptable in some situations, it can never be acceptable no matter what the objective one hopes to achieve. However most people who consider themselves religious still consider murder to be a bad thing. Note that John Rawls is not a defender of income redistribution or total equality in a given society. Rawls finds inequality in a society perfectly acceptable, as long as it benefits everyone, including those least advantaged. See Rawls's second principle of justice as fairness. For example, it is acceptable, and maybe even preferable for doctors to be paid more money than most other professions, since this would guarantee that talented people would choose to be doctors, therefore increasing the well being and health of society as whole.