Some tricks like a bunny hop are easier on a hardtail (I think). 

Also have bikes called adventure. They are designed for all round use and many are also designed for touring (rack mounts and a little longer). They are typically steel. If you want to tour with a load then go with this as the above more race inspired bikes and will typically not come with rack mounts. This style of bike is not going to be as nimble nr fast as the above race inspired bikes. Salsa Fargo is an example. If you have the coin something like a Moot Routt 45. 

SPD is the format of the attachment from Shimano. They have a patent on SPD - if it includes the shape of the cleat I don't know. Even if so a patent does not stop copies. 

I like fixed as the front end is lighter and it does not move around. Carbon if you are willing to spend the money. I don't think you want a real wide tire. I would think like a 2.1 - preferably tubeless. If you start riding 2" pipe you may even drop down to like a 40mm and for that you buy a CX tire. You could even go with a mountain bike with proper tires. You don't need dual suspension. You don't even need single suspension. You are not going to get very good road performance with the upright position. And drop bars let you spread out upper body fatigue. Trials riders will ride hardtail. Great answer from Batman (+1) but I don't think the Gravel Plus is an optimal tire for the needs you state. One it does not come in a 26 but you did not state that in the original question. The Gravel Plus is a relatively light race inspired tire. I commute on cyclycross that I also ride on light trails and I was buying the most roady "cyclocross" I could find and was burning through them every 6 months because they are soft light race inspired tires and not designed to be run on the street. I finally figured out to look in touring / city with a bit of tread. 

In real life you push it and then back off. This is OK in a straight where you can skid and typically not fall. Into a corner it is more problematic as a skid can turn into a fall. Max braking is not typically the fastest way around a track. Also the weight of the wheel and tire will effect the performance. Even how easily it turns Angular_momentum. A lighter wheel and tire will be more nimble to turn. A lighter 29er might give you (a bit) or what you are looking for. In the end a different frame geometry may be what you need. I think you are putting too much on wheel size alone.