Epiphanes puts the origin of idolatry under Serag. The first idols were not, he said, than just paintings. Terah, father of Abraham introduced the use of figurines of metal, wooden, and stones. The Scripture tells us that Terah worshiped idols, as we show here after but we have no certain proof that neither he nor Sarug invented that pernicious custom. 

And in commentary on chapter 15, he says: 

Assuming that the person mentioned by the OP got the information directly from Calmet, it was probably this passage. It doesn't actually express Calmet's opinion, though, but could easily be misread to do so (i.e. thinking only the first line of the paragraph comes from Kircher/Ceneus.) 

Commentaire littéral sur tous les livres I also checked Calmet's other major work, Commentaire littéral sur tous les livres de l'Ancien et du Nouveau Testament. The volume on Genesis mentions idolatry a number of times, but not in connection with Ham as far as I can tell. In commentary on chapter 4, he writes: 

In his commentary on the Book of Wisdom, Calmet has a long essay on the origin of idolatry. The key paragraph starts: 

However it does not appear that this was done for theological reasons. 

Having said that, many churches provide financial assistance specifically aimed at Widows. Here are a couple of examples: 

The name 'anabaptist' (rebaptizers) was applied to the group by detractors, who would have considered infant baptism valid and seen the Anabaptists as baptizing 'a second time'. Members of the groups came to accept the name, and use it to this day. 

See: http://www.christianitytoday.com/history/issues/issue-28/1525-anabaptist-movement-begins.html 

Let's start by remembering that we are living in very different times from those of the New Testament. 1 Timothy is a letter written by one pastor to another, and not all of it is intended as commandments to the entire church in all places down the millenia. Some of it is Paul giving Timothy good advice for the present circumstances (Sometimes we can deduce universal principles from that, but that's a different matter). So asking whether any church is ministering to widows in the way specified should be a trivial and unimportant matter, and doesn't in any way make a statement about the church. You should also consider that nothing in 1 Timothy says that widows under the age of sixty shouldn't receive help in other ways if they need it. Let's also remember that providing financial assistance to the elderly is now the responsibility of the state, at least in the Western world.