Should we be worried? We don't know how to handle a situation like this. Any advice? 

4 weeks ago some weirdo shot at my balcony (probably for fun) with a gun used for practice. Anyway, the glass of my balcony door broke. At the same time my daughter of 6 was sitting just next to it, having her dinner. Of course that scared her a lot. My wife was at home at that time and took care of her immediately. I must mention that her social interactions haven't been affected that much (for example at school, her friends or her teachers see no difference in her behaviour whatsoever). 

Since then my daughter is generally scared to be alone. She wasn't before. Almost every night (she sleeps at 9pm), she wakes up at 3 or 4am (sometimes earlier) and comes to our bed and continues her sleep. She wasn't doing this before. Whenever something is suddenly heard (like the beep sound of the oven) in the house, she is startled. In general since then she is startled very easily. Respecting their thoughts and opinions is right, the same way you do with everyone you disagree with. But it's possible to respect them and still be the one in charge. 

Is he still teething? Babies tend to bite things as their teeth are coming through, as it helps with the utterly weird sensation of something forcing its way out from inside their jaw. 

The main thing is, it is not wrong for them to be annoyed at restrictions. You don't get angry at being challenged and demand that they be silent and "respect your authority". You simply exert that authority. The final point is that a 4-year old talking constantly, no matter how out-of-control it may seem, is neither unusual nor particularly troubling. "Never loses interest and continually switches to any random topic" sounds far more average to me than "pestering parents on a topic until they answer or you lose interest." 

Finally, work out whether you're doing this because you're worried about his development (which is what I've focused here), or because it's a source of stress for you to be dealing with him. If she wakes in the night, a quick squeeze of the bear makes it glow again, so she has control of the light. 

Then we let her back into the competitive world her brother and sister fought in - and she loves it. Try it - it takes the pressure off them for a wee while, and allows them to see what they can create. 

My youngest was at a disadvantage with Minecraft compared to her elder siblings - they already had strategic thinking and a competitive streak, but when she tried to play with them it was the same story you describe, Karl. Our youngest wanted a light so we got a teddy bear that glows gently for ten minutes before fading out and turning itself off. This was bright enough to keep her happy - she could cuddle it close, dim enough that it didn't disturb her sister, who was in the same room, and didn't require us to come and turn it off.