Allow me to introduce you to Libraries & Information Science: If you've taken a psychology class or two, you probably see the problem already: my intrinsic motivation was completely replaced by an extrinsic motivation. While there is debate among psychologists as to whether extrinsic rewards always drive out intrinsic motivation, few would agree that extrinsic rewards are better or more effective than intrinsic ones. We instinctively know that people perform better for love of the game than for a paycheck. When the extrinsic reward is a little number tacked to the end of your name, it seems even less likely to be effective. While researching motivation theory, I came across this paper. One paragraph in particular seems to sum up the Stack Overflow experience for me: For the purpose of question quality A/B tests, we're going to consider neutral questions as equivalent to bad questions. Since that divides questions roughly in half on Stack Overflow, tests will resolve more quickly. Our data team also reports that using this criteria, 73% of questions solidify into their good/not-good category within an hour. I've never visited the site myself and have no particular need to ask or answer questions there. (I do love libraries, but that's not really the point.) The above chart (visits per day for the last half year) comes from Quantcast, which has similar information about every site on the network. I'd like to draw your attention to a few details: We are definitely keeping stats this year. The wrap-up post includes some high-level stats. I'm also planning on publishing at least some of the queries on SEDE so that people can generate their own statistics. (Note that the results from the public data will be different than the statistics of hats awarded because of deleted posts and so on.) So how do I include this nugget of experience in my Careers profile? There's a noticeable increase in activity over the last couple of months. We can see real growth in the site, though it's not explosive.