When will this myth dies its long deserved death? It is based on the blind following of Sir Charles Oman's mistaken interpretation of French tactics, arising from a misunderstanding of contemporary accounts of the Battle of Maida. You all need to read A Reappraisal of Column Versus Line in the Peninsular War by James Arnold. 

Also if it ensues that the enemy does not march on Geisenfeld by my right, I can hold against 15,000 men if they attack me by my front or my left. I will maintain a precise co-ordination with M. the Marshal Duke of Auerstadt to inform him of everything which passes by this location. 

Update 2: Let me rephrase - The Mongols (and other steppe peoples such as Manchus and Turks) rode breeds of horse that average a bit under the modern 14 hands height limit for a pony. Let's say typically 13 to 15 hands. This is about one hand shorter than the height of a typical riding horse, of 14 to 16 hands. As fuel requirement generally goes as the cube of height, ceteris paribus, a horse/pony only 14/15 as high would require about 20% less feed. Make it 15% less to allow for cooler temperatures and a consequently faster metabolism for the breed. 

If no battle was being fought the men would often siesta for 2 hours after the (light) mid-day meal, as the overnight sleep allowance was typically only 5.5 to 6 hours. 

Another example is Operation Neptune as part of Overlord: the Normandy Invasion of June 1044. Surely the name of the Roman King Under the Sea is an apt name for the largest (or second largest, depending how you count Kublai's invasion of Japan) amphibious invasion in history, and Overlord seems also apt for the encompassing operation that included the airborne and logistics elements of the invasion as well. 

Brookshaw, Pvt. Benjamin A - At Krugersdorp, with Dickinson's column August 1901. 

Bleach, Pvt. Frank - died at the Hospital, Bloemfontein, of enteric fever, on 14th March 1901. 

Gaston, Pvt. E. - Died 28 January 1902 at Leeuw River North 

Update #2: Note also that the German submarines in World War 2 were fr the first 2 or 3 years much more effective than in World War 1, at least partially due to having broken the British and American maritime codes. 

As a former mentor of then Senator Harry Truman upon his arrival in Washington; FDR's Assistant President for much of WWII; a pre-convention favorite in 1944 to be FDR's running mate; and newly appointed Secretary of State; Jams Byrnes certainly wielded considerable influence with Truman during those summer months of 1945. However it is worthwhile to remember the slogan over Truman's desk for his entire presidency: "The Buck Stops Here". Truman accepted full responsibility for every decision from the Oval Office, and expected to make the final decision on all key government policies. 

Lieber attempts to clearly formulate the distinction between partisans - public enemies entitled to the full protection as prisoners of war when captured - and any other miscellaneous brigands and prowlers who were NOT public enemies and thus NOT entitled to such protections. 

As noted in the question, it was the subsequent English Kings who recognised the power of the longbow; 

If fighting both sides, the gun crew split so that a smaller number of men worked both guns. The ideal would be to have the guns working out of sequence so that one was being run out while the other was being sponged, wormed and loaded. This allowed men to swap between guns as they were needed (in effect having a full team for each gun), rather than having half the team working one gun and half the other. 

Finally, to address a comment on another answer, the ship's marines very often provided men for the guns. I believe that, traditionally, they manned the guns and carronades on the quarterdeck. However in some cases, such as on board the 74-gun HMS Goliath, they were used throughout the ship. The quarter bill (which shows the stations of every man in battle) for the Goliath, shows that every gun crew on the main and lower decks had 2 or 3 marines assigned to them. 

The increasing heavy losses of the Russian campaign forced Hitler to cancel his order exempting "last sons" of decimated families and fathers of large families from front line combat duty. Prisons and concentration camps were combed for men who could be used in penal combat units with the inducement of possible reinstatement of their civil rights. 

So it was easy to manufacture and everyone knew how to use it. The difference was that the English recognised its potential and, thanks to repeated practice, could produce archers bending bows of far greater power than their opponents could manage. 

With regard to the idea that ships of the line were "understaffed", it's worth bearing in mind that, in most cases, the gun crews made up 80-90% of the ship's crew. Also these were ships that, by modern standards, would be considered uncomfortably overcrowded as they were.