Argentina was left with only thorny choices: pay NML the $1.3 billion plus interest awarded by Judge Griesa; negotiate a settlement with the hedge fund; or stop paying the exchange bondholders. A payment due on June 30th to those exchange bondholders was missed. The grace period expires on July 30th, at which point Argentina will again be in default 

In much of the United States, there is a concept known as a "Right to Work" law. It simply says that unions may not require union membership as a precondition of working at a facility. It doesn't disallow the union, but it doesn't force it either. 

One major emphasis of his was that work weeks should be reduced in order to give less work to more people. The 35-hour French Work Week was, for Rifkin, a model of fairness, allowing people to have two jobs where needed or to maintain one and have leisure time. In his understanding of labor, the move from the 12 hour day to the 10 hour day to the 8 hour day was progress, in that leisure was a good in and of itself. By adding leisure to more people, overall benefit accrues to society. 

The background, from The Economist is summarized well here: 

Several examples exist of countries paying back large debts - but perhaps the best recent example is that of Latvia. During the economic downturn in 2008, Latvia was constrained by its currency peg to the Euro to pay off its debts at full value (meaning not by simply devaluing its currency). As a result, it took a hit of nearly 18% to its GDP - that's nearly a crippling 1/5 of its economy, gone. 

There is much more on the case from The Economist here, but the following quote is probably the most helpful: 

At the most basic level, Argentina needs the bond market more than the bond market needs Argentina. Argentina has, in the past, tried printing its way out of debt - but at the cost of ruinous inflation. By continuing to litigate, Argentina is seeking to reassure investors that their most recent default was not Argentina's fault, and that further lending should not be curtailed.