Now, let's look at the other stuff you said, without talking about the above mentioned problem. Consider: You make some plausible (and familiar) conclusions about how we could go about resolving the concept horse problem. It is, for example, an attractive proposal to say that 'horse' is both an object and a concept, depending on its syntactical role. As Frege says in that excerpt: we could say that horse is a concept (of type ⟨e,t⟩), but when it occurs in object positions, it is automatically converted to an object (of type ⟨e⟩).                                                                              §2 The truth of CH is a semantical matter and has no business in independence proofs. CH may be believed to be true by experts, for reasons I cannot hope to understand. Some might even believe that it has to be true, but whether CH is true or not, the important result here is that: if ZF is consistent, it is compatible both with CH and with its negation. Numbers are abstractions. They don't exist in the same way that, say, physical objects exist. You can give me two apples, but you can't just give me a two. That is indeed the case. Try not to let it get you down. First of all, complex numbers (and imaginary numbers) do appear in real-world phenomena; they have lots of practical applications. Fortunately, this doesn't hamper our ability to use the square root of 2; from a philosophical perspective, we can do this by adopting a position known as Fictionalism-- in short, we can treat numbers a fictional objects, and substituted them into formulas without making any ontological commitments as to their existence. As long as the substitution satisfies the constraints (which is to say, in a broader context, is adequate to the phenomena) we're golden. For why this is necessarily the case, see Agrippa's Trilemma. But now, on to the philosophical portion of the problem. That is to say: if we construe the grammar of the expression of sensation on the model of 'object and designation' the object drops out of consideration as irrelevant. As abstractions, they follow certain conceptual patterns. For positive integers, these abstractions are fairly intuitive; for other types of numbers (such as negative numbers, or rational numbers, or irrational numbers) they are less so. EDIT: I found an SEP article that specifically treats of Fictionalism in Mathematics; it is a nice reference for the more specific case. Yes, mathematics (and classical logic) are based upon beliefs and assumptions. Some of these are spelled out explicitly, as axioms. So, to answer your question: we don't have to rationalize that complex numbers exist. It doesn't matter if they exist or not. Now someone tells me that he knows what pain is only from his own case! --Suppose everyone had a box with something in it: we call it a "beetle". No one can look into anyone else's box, and everyone says he knows what a beetle is only by looking at his beetle. --Here it would be quite possible for everyone to have something different in his box. One might even imagine such a thing constantly changing. --But suppose the word "beetle" had a use in these people's language? --If so it would not be used as the name of a thing. The thing in the box has no place in the language-game at all; not even as a something: for the box might even be empty. --No, one can 'divide through' by the thing in the box; it cancels out, whatever it is.