Whatever it is that consciously observes brains and neural systems can never itself be directly observed. We tend to forget this perplexity, just as we forget that we can never see our own faces, which we so readily identify as ourselves. We can only see the reversed image and tip of the nose. You can observe neural patterns, but you can never observe whatever is observing this immediate world that those neural patterns are in. Definitely! There is a genre of works primarily in etymology, textual analysis, and media studies known as "primary orality." I tend to assume it implies not just an "object" but "another subject" or alter-ego or an alterity with some sort of intentionality. I have never seen it related per se to the problem of "other minds" in the analytic traditions, which itself seems to have lost popularity or perhaps acquired a new terminology while I wasn't looking. First, by what sort of evidence do you conclude that you are looking at thoughts when you are looking at neuronal patterns? There is a peculiar paradox here. If you look at a brain and neural system in a lab, you are apparently looking at the complete container of a person's consciousness. The entire world--every sensation, memory, and idea--was or is "in there." Among the great scholars in this field are Walter Ong and Eric Havelock, both contemporaries of and collaborators with Marshall McLuhan.The best starting text is "The Muse Learns to Write" by Havelock, brief and fascinating. Even if you want something more "cognitive-science" based, I believe these are essential works and an excellent platform for wherever this interest takes you. No matter what one thinks of dualism, to suggest that consciousness or mind is simply extended, divisible, and measurable is fantastically wrong. Interestingly, all of these thinkers, according to Havelock, were led into their studies by the shockingly powerful effects of radio in WWII, as utilized by Hitler, Churchill, FDR, and others of that period. I'm sorry I don't have to hand some references or arguments to cite, outside of the whole tradition of German idealism, but I am just starting to think about it myself. This says nothing about dualism or monism, but I do not think the identification of mind with brain states is so glaringly obvious. Nor is Descartes simply "refuted" without some act of physicalist faith. A physics that explains physicists is a long ways off. And were it accomplished, it could still be the work of a deceptive demon. And yet, strangely enough, that neural system and the world it generated are also "in here," in the world you are in. You would like to say that, by analogy, this world you are in is also "inside" a brain and neural system, your own. But which side of this mind-body ouroboros has priority? It is worth remembering that you can never be conscious and consciously observe your own brain and neural system. You can't get outside of it so that it is, in turn, inside the world it is supposedly generating. Moreover, there is a problem with the divisibility of those neural patterns. It is not just the problem of the infinite divisibility of matter. It is also the problem of what "goes between" the partitioned parts. What "keeps the parts apart"? The mind, apparently. Or is it the mind that is "kept apart" somehow by those objects? The problems only deepen if you turn away from computers and dots on screens, shut your eyes, and try to simply "divide up" your thoughts. How do you separate them without merging them in another thought? Can they really be separated? Are my vague understandings wildly incorrect? Do, for example, Descartes, Hume, or Kant deal in some fashion with "other minds?" Is it fair to assume that "other" and "other minds" are at least somewhat related concepts? Are there distinct differences? Are there any suggested readings that might help me sort it out? Postscript. I would add one more point on this intriguing subject. As is well known, Socrates, like Jesus and Buddha, did not write. His "wisdom tradition" traces its ancestry back to the intoxicated "voices" of the Delphic oracle and his daemonic "inner voice." Why? There is another reason, aside from devaluation of "representation," to discount the "written" voice. It is impossible for linguists and archeologists to translate ancient "writing" as pure visual symbols. There is no purely ideographic writing. The text must somehow be linked to a language that is linked to a "spoken" language for the "meanings" to be translated. If there is no link to voice, breath, or Pneuma, as with Linear A, then the language becomes truly "dead" and its meanings cannot be revived. The transmission of "ratios" and "rationality," especially in the Pythagorean traditions, is deeply based in "resonating" with "others."