Consider how a scene is painted in a movie. A movie director has to fill a fixed frame with a picture 100% of the time. They also have to fill every scene with sound 100% of the time. (Silence is significant in a movie. It means something. Silence is a sound, a deliberate sound.) The problem for a director is that the viewer is free to look at any part of the screen at any time. In order to make sure that the viewer pays attention to the right part of the screen the director needs to induce the viewer to look at a certain part of the screen. They can do this with various cinematic techniques, such as contrast, close ups, movement (the human eye is drawn to movement, which is why we use flashing lights on emergency vehicles), sound cues (a baby's cry makes you look at the baby in the shot), short depth of field, and pull focus. This does not mean that everything that communicates is art, of course. Nor does it mean that the best art appeals to the widest audience. But good art appeals to a substantial audience, at least, an audience large enough to live on. Most of us, of course, don't have either the vision or the craft to pull that off. But my inclination is that if you have the vision, it will come through in any honest work you do. Therefore, focus on the craft, aim to write popular stories, and let the vision come through if it is there. Of course, not all art is appreciated in its day. Sometimes even the most effective art is stymied by the whims of fashion and its greatness is only recognized after the artist is no longer around to make a living on it. But we should not exaggerate this. Most good art is appreciated in its day. Most good artists find a way to express their vision within the limits of the current taste. That is part of the craft of art. If you can complete your story idea, you will probably find the impetus to continue. If you can't, continuing is not likely to reveal the complete idea to you (though it is always possible that it will). What I have concluded, from many years of critique groups sessions, is that a lot of writers are, consciously or not, trying to write a scene as they imagine it being acted in a movie. But this usually does not work. (And it is worth noting that when books are made into movies, much of the dialogue is usually changed, because movie dialogue just works differently, principally because you have an actor to act the conversation, and thus supply much of the meaning with action and expressions.)