Therefore if forcing someone to do haram is haram, then forcing someone to do something (even if it is halal) should be haram, because someone who has been forced to do something will always reject and hate it! So you would make someone hate to do something halal and might guide him to haram! So forcing should be replaced by gentleness. And harming and forcing is against the asked kindness towards women in the Hadith mentioned above. See also here In first place the necessary information is about you as I assume that your fiancé is a Muslim, else it would be pointless asking this on a Q&A-Site about Islam: The Sister of the wife and her descendants are woman who are haram to marry simultaneously to the actual wife. If the man divorced his wife or she died he can marry either her sister or her niece. In fact you may have pleasure without penetration as we are taught by ahadith like: 

A Muslim can't in any case have a Muslim slave (it's prohibited), only if she/he converted to Islam -later-: he can only marry a slave woman if she became free as the mulk al-yamyn (right hands possessing) is considered to be a stronger relationship than a marriage: this means a Muslim could never marry his own slave but someone else's slave therefore if he wants to marry her he should set her free first! But this also means he can have intercourse with a slave woman -even one who converted to Islam while he is her master- as she is mulk al-yamyn. As a mulk al-yamyn could be considered -as hard as it sounds for us today- as "not having a free will". Note that according to an interpretation of (4:25) mentioned in tafsir al-Qurtubi on (5:5) it is not allowed to marry a slave woman from the people of the book. 

As is this question needs some additional information: 

The rule that the general meaning of the words are used to derive a ruling, not the specific reason(s) for revelation is generally accepted by the majority of established scholars, with the known exception of al-Muzani and Abu Thawr, followers of the Shafi'i school of jurisprudence. 

Based on all of the above, the rule is that it is permitted for a man to marry up to four wives. 

Both the bride and groom must be specified publicly. Both the bride and groom must be pleased with one another. A qualified wali conducts the marriage on behalf of the bride. The marriage contract must be public and witnessed by two qualified Muslim men. If any condition is not fulfilled, this does not automatically invalidate the marriage contract. It is required at this stage to consult a scholar on how to rectify the situation, and to check if another marriage contract is required. For example, the lack of two witnesses may be offset by a publicly announced marriage (according to Malik, Al-Zuhri, and Ibn Taymiyyah). In regards to the wife having the choice to reject her husband, there is no verse in Qur'an or hadith that I am aware of that specifies ability or deny or reject what one may not desire. The only verses I am aware of are about getting what one desires (and more): Another example is in Al-Ma'idah 5:32 where Allah narrates the story of the sons of Adam, where one kills another to marry his sister, then Allah tells us that it was prescribed upon Bani Isra'īl a specific extrapolation of the act on Judgment Day (whoever kills a soul unless for a soul or for corruption, it is as if he had slain mankind entirely). Note that the verse mentions the specific reasons, and a relevant extrapolation for accountability in front of Allah, but the earthly ruling of punishment remains to be the execution of the murderer. is a reason for revelation, but the ruling applies whether the condition exists or not. There are other references similar to the ones above that resulted in the ruling of four being accepted as the maximum for Muslim men, except for the Prophet ﷺ, who was instructed to keep his wives while adding some restrictions on whom he could marry, and a condition for his wives that they would be eligible for re-marriage after his death. From this hadith in Sahih Al-Bukhari #5127 about nikah prior to Islam, one can see that the word nikah can be used as marriage alone, intercourse alone, or both.