I am not aware of a hadith which mentions a certain/specific punishment if you miss a salat, I am aware though of the hadith which says:: 

I have read of this salat online but I can not find a Hadith that mentions it. What or is there any Hadith mentioning this salat, and what is the authenticity of the Hadith? Is this salat a Bid'ah? 

it is definitely more affective/harmful on Shaytaan then metal 

First of all Fardh means obligatory, so when you enter the masjid and the Obligatory is in progress than you must, must, must join the obligatory salaat. Outside of this you can make the sunnahs or not make them, if you do not make them, especially the confirmed sunnah's you have not sinned but you just missed out on making a sunnah prayer and gaining more reward. 

For further reading see this (it is in Arabic). 

Note: when we talk about abandoning salat altogether, we mean the Fard Salawat. 

And that is by making Dhuhr and Asr together, making it eight Rak'at, and making Maghrib and Isha' together making it seven Rak'ats, source. 

The wisdom behind this is that by rising the index finger in salat, it is harmful to Shaytaan in the sense that he is being humiliated and what he invites to. Ibn Ummar mentioned when he raised his finger in salat he said that the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him said): 

Yes. Imams often and regularly break up surat similarly when reciting in tarawih. 

What the masjid is doing is not wrong, as there is clear precedent in the sunnah to delay the night prayer: 

So while I wouldn't say that it should be delayed, it is a recommendable action: Given that all the time spent waiting for a delayed prayer counts as being in prayer, it does benefit you to pray thus. 

Both methods are valid. In Arabic, a final vowel of a word is typically dropped when you stop on it, but pronounced if you continue. In the case of "Muhammad", it ends with a tanwin kasra, which is the vowel "i" (kasra) pronounced with nunation "n" (tanwin); so far as Arabic is concerned it's still a vowel even with the "n" sound. Similarly, "Ibrahim" ends with a fatha, which is the vowel "a". 

However, given that many of the hadiths in question, despite their authenticity, are not clearly dated, it is hard to know which of these obligations were in place before the first masjid was built (i.e. before the Hijra), and which of these obligations were only established afterwards. 

On a related note, you may also find reciters will merge the tanwin with the waw if they join the first two lines, so it would effectively be pronounced "…Muhammadiwwa…" rather than "…Muhammadin wa…" (i.e. with double the length of the "w" sound while dropping the "n" sound completely). This too is valid. 

It is also reported that the prophet preferred to delay the night prayer, but refrained from doing so (regularly) because it would cause too much hardship on the ummah. 

There are numerous well-known obligations to prayer, as established throughout the hadith literature, including rulings on the form of prayer, the daily number of prayers, praying in congregation, and where and when such prayers are to be done. 

For example, the well-known hadith of the man who prayed badly is often referenced to describe what is mandatory in regards to the form of the prayer. The timing of this hadith, however, is likely after the Hijrah as it is narrated as taking place in the masjid itself ("Allah's Messenger (sallallahu 'alaihi wa sallam) entered the mosque and a person followed him...") While the man himself clearly did not know the proper form, it is not clear whether this form was commonly known or mandated previously.