Only later the ghettos were sealed under various pretexts, mostly being claims of epidemics or need to protect the Jews from the non-Jewish population. 

The danger that the disintegration process could spread to other regions. For example, dangerous separatist processes were also observed in Tatarstan in 1990s when they adopted a constitution that claimed priority of Tatarstan laws before federal laws. 

In Mari El 6% belong to Mari native religion. 

Notice also the following. Germans used various legal tricks against the Jews, sometimes reaching the desired effect even without explicit racist legislation. 

Austria is prohibited from joining Germany by the Allies of WWII. Austria has no right to do so. It was a condition for the removal of the allied occupation. 

The only railroad towards South Dagestan crosses Chechnya. Before the first war the passenger trains were often assaulted when passing Chechnya. 

So what is the reality. Was swastika ever a Slavic symbol before WWII? 

But the main reason for capturing this region was, I think, making a tunnel towards Cristian Georgia to help it against Turkey after Georgians appealed to the Russian Tsar for incorporation of their lands into Russian Empire. 

In North Ossetia-Alania, 29% belong to Ossetian native faith (Ætsæg Din). In South Ossetia it is also practised. Ossetian hunt god Æfsati is pictured below. 

However, one good example of Christian knights serving a Muslim ruler is this one 

There are a number of references to European mercenaries serving in various Muslim armies, but in most cases it is unclear whether any of them were knights and many of the examples are after the start of the Crusades. 

I’m wondering if the formation of Free French Forces destined for North Africa had anything to do with the lack of French fighter pilots in the Battle of Britain. However, given that the RAF had more planes than pilots, that surviving French pilots had invaluable combat experience (as did the Poles and Czechs), and that the fall of Britain would have been catastrophic for the allies, surely the Battle of Britain had to take priority over anything else? 

In fact, there was no guarantee even that a Christian ruler could trust a fellow Christian not to join forces with a Muslim army - note the career of Roussel of Bailleul whose treachery (first abandoning a Byzantine army to join a Muslim force in defeating his former ally and then later setting up an independent state) eventually led to his capture by the Seljuks and execution by the Byzantines (1077). 

I am curious about the emphasized information, how long did it take to travel, for example between Berlin and Vienna for a diplomat? What mode of travel was likely taken by a diplomat? It seems to be a high-ranking position, so maybe they took the convenient (but not fastest) mode of transportation. I imagine it was very difficult to conduct diplomacy when it takes days (or weeks?) to send diplomats and get feedback. 

During the Napoleonic Wars (especially towards the end), France and most of its allies (e.g. Kingdom of Italy, Duchy of Warsaw, Kingdom of Spain) are absolute monarchies. However, they seemed to genuinely claim that they were revolutionary forces fighting a revolutionary wars. 

How did the governmental or societal structure in the First French Empire and its allied states significantly differ from their enemies, that allows them to claim to be revolutionary? 

I was reading the Wikipedia entry for the War of the Bavarian Succession, and it said (my emphasis):