A history of the development of the Trademark Act since the Lanham Act of 1946 (pp 56) notes that Section 43(a) of the Act protects both registered and unregistered trademarks (the latter "registered" as it were under common rather than statute law) and this was confirmed in Joshua Meier Co. v. Albany Novelty Manufacturing Co. (236 F.2d 144 (2d Cir. 1956)). My thinking is that this proof of protection subject to the defendant having actual notice of the claim of common law trademark protection, would have motivated much wider use of the ™ and ℠ symbols. The Oxford English Dictionary attests the use of cock-tail as a mixed drink from 1809 in W. Irving's Knickerbockers: 3 An agent or contractor for unloading coal ships: a contractor. Obs The U.S. Army officially designated just five divisions as motorized infantry in World War Two, and only for the period 1942-3 (The 5th was a phantom, part of USFAG for the D-Day deception): One note - it is probably better to sink vessels in the canal locks, turning them into sunken hulks, rather that the locks themselves. Several such sinkings would disable the locks for some time with a far better success rate than directly attacking the canal infrastructure. Note that this sense has a separate etymology from that associated with crimping wire From Wikipedia on the Dunlap Broadside (my emphasis). Military forces that neglect this, such as the Austro-Hungarian Infantry in 1866, rapidly deteriorate under even the mildest of combat stresses: Going further back, we find How To Mix Drinks, or The Bon-Vivant's Companion, published 1862, complete with numerous popular cocktails from the age of Lincoln and the Civil War: I can find no evidence of mechanized infantry divisions in the U.S. order of battle for World War two. This is what I expected. Armoured personnel carriers were new and expensive throughout World War Two, and for all nations their use was generally limited to the (third) infantry regiment of armoured divisions, and to the reconnaissance and heavy weapons support platoons and companies of other divisions. However not all schools of formal portraiture were in agreement, as witness the Dutch painters of the 17th century: Any attempt to approach Panama through the South Pacific is almost 3,000 miles longer, with consequent additional fuel requirements, plus the additional danger of being spotted wandering through Polynesia and Micro-/Mela-nesia while being hunted. However, I am unable to determine the extent to which these units were truly motorized. Typically they would have been assigned to Armoured Corps, where their extra mobility would be most useful. This map of the North Pacific from Tokyo to Panama (red x's) shows a likely route from Japan to Panama that attempts to stay away from U.S. (and friendly)possessions. The busy sea and air routes from Vancouver and San Diego (and thus also San Francisco and Los Angeles) to Pearl are enclosed by the black lines. Note the distance, and thus time, spent east of Pearl. In the terminology of the time, a fair copy was the (error and correction free) copy made, for distribution, after all drafts were complete. Update: The claim is made below that the US Navy was unappreciative of aircraft carriers prior to Dec. 7, 1941. I submit this as evidence to the contrary (from Wkipedia, my emphasis). The Canal is 8400 miles from Tokyo, compared to 4000 miles for Pearl Harbour. The Japanese carriers are stated of having a range of 10,000 miles at a cruising speed of about 16 knots, but remember that drag varies as the square of speed. Under battle conditions at speeds approaching 30 knots range would have shrunk to barely a quarter of that.