In addition, kids learn by repetition. As I recall from Wreck-It Ralph, things got bopped a lot. Its no surprise that a small child would pick up on the bopping over, say, the nice moral of the story. The four year olds I've known couldn't pay attention long enough (and probably didn't care enough) to follow the whole story of an hour and a half movie. They probably can't pick up on little intricacies and all the other little details that makes stories interesting to adults. They remember the big things and the things that happened a lot. For example, I can't remember all the details of the Looney Toons I watched growing up. But I do remember Wile E. Coyote getting nailed by countless anvils, boulders, etc. 

As far as taking it a bit too far, you have to remember that while 11 year olds are old enough to reason with and in many ways act like small adults, they aren't adults. Their brains haven't matured like yours and mine. They don't have nearly the amount of life experience we do. But they are at least (and probably more so) as susceptible to getting "caught up in the moment" as we are. And that's when the body slams happen. When we start doing things like that we (hopefully) have a red flag or three fly up and say "woah, slow down chief". We (at least partially) got that from experience, by screwing up and learning from our mistakes. Kids haven't made those mistakes yet and don't have that automatic warning system built in. To sum up, they are just being kids and want to have fun doing exciting things. And they haven't messed up enough yet to know when actions are potentially going do lead to undesirable consequences. Also, as adults, we have the mental capabilities to separate reality from fantasy. We know that bullets and body slams hurt. We also know that pro wrestling is staged. Kids don't fully grasp that. And even when they sorta do, they think "well, I just saw two huge guys jump on each other and no one got hurt. I can do that too." They (and sometimes adults too) overestimate their abilities and underestimate the potential damage. And then reality usually takes effect and administers nasty surprises to everyone involved. So I tell you all that in case this might work. It would allow your son a space to say "ENOUGH", but since she would also get one, that she too would want respected, she may see the barrier clearly enough to back off when he tries to walk away from her. Items I bought that I recommend for the kids to stock in their tent are fidget toys (not spinners, there is a while range out there), chew toys (dishwasher safe, so doesn't matter who used it last and yes, frustrated 6 year olds love to chew, remember chewing your pens/pencils or kids who did? Same idea, only safer since it's silicone, better for teeth & health), squeeze toys (the type for frustration) and other similar items. I have items in a big bin, many identical items so every kid can pick something to chew, squeeze and so on. They can choose items from that for their tents to help them calm themselves, including simple things, like we made water bottles together with oil, water & food color, we also made some with glitter or other things. Those calm down bottles have all kinds of tutorials online. I would recommend gluing the caps in place. Believe me, if you do those, just glue it. You would thank me for that tip if you knew the misfortune I had with a toddler and one of those. ;) Now, there are some biological things you may have forgotten, missed or maybe not realized. One notable one is that there really are 6 year molars & teething, even at this age, is an ornery business many times, much like it was at a year old. This is why I am not really convinced babies are having pain per se when teething. I have had kids old enough to talk well teeth molars & asked & they are not feeling pain according to them, yet they are ornery, not sleeping the same, not acting the same, etc. This would also explain why pain relievers were never of any help to us when babies were teething. 

Well firstly I will admit that reading it, the way it's worded is a little concerning to me. You seem to set a stage where a child was awesome, as in past tense. And then it seems you perceive that he changed dramatically nearly immediately from your explanation. Humans aren't wired like that. We do not have drastic personality shifts for no reason. 

Your son is going through a change right now. He is obviously having something happen. I also can tell you that before I had sons, I didn't know that so much emotion was involved in the ages 5-7. I just didn't know. I had no idea boys cried as much as they do either. Some of what he does that may seem exaggerated & over the top may well be quite normal. I am not suggesting that everything you stated it, just that some of it I am sure is.