in which pulling the shirt is included. 

However, you could delay selecting the specific player to take a given shot in the sequence until it is time to actually take that shot. 

The batsman can only be Run Out in this situation if it is attempting to score by running between the creases. If no such attempt is made, the batsman is Stumped instead (Law 39.1, Out Stumped and Law 38.2.b, Batsman not Run Out). 

an official saw the offence but played advantage for it, so play is not stopped 

Systems exist to shorten the writing needed. For example, in one possible system 

As for why any given instance of shirt-pulling or other apparent foul is not penalised, there are many possible reasons: 

and the aforementioned Law 20, Dead ball reinforcing the statement that 

Minor penalties may also be washed put automatically if a delayed penalty leads to a goal by the non-offending team, but this is an artifact of the normal rule applying to delayed penalties. 

20.6.1.1 it will not count in the over if the striker has not had an opportunity to play it. 

The umpire calls and signals dead ball. It does not count as a ball in the over, as provided by Law 17, The over saying 

an official saw the offence but an earlier offence was under advantage, and hence took precedence 

In the case of a player falling forward, a tackle requires that some part besides the hand or foot of the player in possession has touched the ground (or any part of that player or the ball has touched an object or ground outside the field). Since the player is still making forward progress, every inch of territory gained until the down has actually ended must be counted. 

an official saw the offence but determined it to not have affected play 

Beyond that, referees develop an experience that helps them remember offences long enough to get through the match. They also have two assistants recording everything as well, so if anything is not recalled, the three can confirm details of the event. 

Rule 15.1, page 25 of the NHL rulebook makes clear that 

Note also in the same Law, with similar emphasis added, 

Law 20, Dead ball provides that 

A bowler muffing their run-up is not common, but will typically only occur once or twice in a one day international innings, if at all. 

A caution can only be given for one of six reasons, and a suspension for one of seven reasons. That reduces the amount required to remember; an offence is in one of just thirteen categories.