If he begins engaging in "self play" he has discovered a new "toy" as it were. The sensations he feels are not the same as the sexual sensations an older boy would have, but he has now discovered a new feeling that he is experimenting with and figuring out. If that occurs, please don't punish him, just encourage that certain activities are done in private (like going potty) and so if he needs to explore he should do that when he is alone and in private (like his bedroom or the bathroom). Then, try not to worry about it too much. Good luck. In viewing a question about nose-picking, I was considering other habits and how the solutions applied to those habits. What does one do if the habit is hair chewing? Lip chewing? Nail biting? . . . Are there any universal remedies? I actually tried to have a convo about it with hubby and sister and she managed to convince the rest of the family I have a control issue because I think Alice should be allowed to open her own gifts and choose not to play with those gifts right away with her cousins. She is pretty consistently a parent that cares more about taking the easiest route over the best route (in terms of lessons for her kids) I'm sure in most situations a convo would work well. The first thing I would consider would be a discussion if you haven't had one with him already. This discussion should take place at any time when you can take your time with him and when it is not inspired by finding him in the act of humping your brother's legs. The fact that he is changing the subject is a sign he is embarassed and/or confused. He may not fully understand what he is doing and why. First of all, as a former teacher, in regard to the chaperoning situation I would say, When you are the chaperone your rule rules. Before going, everyone should be clear about what the rules and expectations are, but "when in Rome" applies here. If you use corporal punishment (which, based on other postings here I doubt, but if you do, make sure other parents know it before they agree to send their child with you). Then, deal with it how you deal with it. I have found that in general, the same is true of my daughter. Of course there have been times she has need redirecting, correction or support while she suffered the consequences of a choice, but generally I don't need to do A LOT of correcting and usually what is needed is pretty mild. Most kids will try lying ONCE or TWICE, they will test the boundaries (and, I haven't hit puberty with her yet, which may change my answer), but the resources on the matter, I've relied on and would recommend are: I Do NOT WANT ideas for PUNISHMENTS please - no suggestions of spanking or smacking . . . A couple of kids recently moved into the neighborhood and they are great kids that my daughter is having a really good time with. Rules at their house are pretty lax - they can go all over the neighborhood (as far as three blocks) on their bikes and even visit other houses while mom doesn't actually know where they are at. You can greatly minimize your need to use punishments and increase the likelihood your child will look to you for guidance (even in their teen years) by staying connected to your kids through quality time, mutual respect through offering age-appropriate choices and responsibility and LISTENING, LISTENING, LISTENING. It is also extremely important to give your child a sense of value in the family by asking them to contribute as soon as they are able. He probably feels bad that he hurt you, but doesn't want to be forced to express the bad feelings. Sorry, when you really mean it, can actually be really hard for a lot of people to say (one of the reasons I am not a proponent of forced apologies or eye-contact). I am going to assume you have considered what your children are actually capable since you are comparing behavior at home with behavior out of the home and saying they can do what you are expecting while at home. @ChristineGordon offers the prerequisite "preparations" that help kids be successful because it sets them up for success in the first place. If the behavior is still a problem, here is a natural consequence that will speak volumes. This is how I dealt with it I personally try to model the idea that everyone is different and does things differently. "Well that mommy has a different rule than I do." Period. I might privately discuss it later with my child so she understands what I value that makes the rules for me different (at six, she definitely gets this, at three it was a little tougher, but not as much as one might think). Obviously, with the cousins, I have to be careful to explain without getting critical. I actually asked, and still ask, mine to "rate" her ouch. I don't coo and say, "Oh no" or get upset myself, I simply ask, "How bad is it and what would you like?" Her options are: she doesn't need anything but to dust off and get back to her game/play, to be given a hug and kiss, to be held for a little longer - or to get some "recovery time to herself, or that we are going to need more help. Needing more help can mean a band-aid, kisses from another relative too, or a doctor if needed. In the past, she hasn't been allowed to be on her own - usually I'm working on the garden, or in the garage (with the door open) and at least hearing things if not seeing them. I get concerned when things suddenly become quiet (which is why I insist she tell me before going inside to any of the other houses). However, she is starting to want to go visit the others at other times too (when I am inside) so I'm trying to figure out where to draw the line (the dog thing is truly of concern to me - a woman was killed here not long ago, I keep mace near always etc etc. but is not of concern to the other parents)