The parallel with the first statement that the IEP makes and finds so daring I find quite startling. Given the possibility of one parallel, are there not likely to be more? Hence one also needs to take into account, the intellectual and cultural dominance of the western episteme: after all, I am writing this in the Roman alphabet, which presupposes a western or Western-inflected education; which will then carries with it, incidentally, an understanding of a Western world-view, or philosophy. To pass judgement on the cultural practises of a different culture doesn't neccessarily imply that one should withhold judgement altogether but that one should learn a little, or more. 

All things are full of gods. (De Anima) One could play a numbers game and say - a certain mass of people, over such and such a period of time and situated in geographical proximity, thus having a life in common cannot but help produce poetry - but this does not allow one to point to such and such a poet and say that she is a good poet, or such and such a work and say that this is a good poem. The Kantian notion of the observer being implicated in the observed had ramifications in the philosophy of quantum physics aka the copenhagen interpretation. His revitalisation of the idea of Aristotelean categories was significant enough that the founders of Category Theory (in mathematics) named their discipline after it. (Although not traditionally counted as a continental philosopher, as he is not a modern one) Liebniz ideas on the relativity of space by way of Mach influenced Einstein. The etymology of Evil is revealing: 

Fanons philosophy of the Native was crucial in the theoretical discourse of the anti-colonial movement (as amplified by Sartre). He was taught by Aime Cesaire a left-leaning poet from Martinique who studied in France and a founder of the 'negritude' movement which included Leopold Senghor, president of Senegal. 

This discovery was made accidentally while Schmidt was learning about the history of the Haya via their oral tradition. He was led to a tree which was said to rest on the spot of an ancestral furnace used to forge steel. A group of elders were later tasked with the challenge of recreating the forges. 

Thus also all geometrical principles, e.g. that in a triangle two sides together of a triangle are always greater than the third, are never derived from general concepts of line and triangle, but rather are derived from intuition, and indeed are derived with apodictic certainty. 

I've seen this in quite a few places, I'm just wondering if it's a cultural myth, or whether it actually has a basis in fact. 

With the birth of modern algebra, and the invention of new mathematical structures, say for simplicity - groups, each of which internally had a notion of addition (you could add two elements of a group to get a third, and in fact this characterises that group), and an external notion of addition (you could add two different groups together to get a third, you also had the existance of an identity & an associative rule, which is why its called addition). Another is loosening the axiom of extensionality, so that sets with exactly the same elements are not the same, but merely indiscernable (in Liebnizs terminology), or in tradtional mathematical terminology - isomorphic. This route is more fully developed in the topos-theoretic version of set theory or ETCS. Further, seeing that ETCS is a specialised topos, one can consider toposes themselves to be a generalised set theory, and it is noticeable that in the category of toposes that the terminal object is Set - which is telling for the foundational aspect of ZFC. But also, that the forcing construction introduced by Cohen takes a geometric form here - one can consider the Cohen topos which uses the topology of double negation - this is the construction that Godel/Gentzen used to embed classical logic into intuitionistic logic to model forcing. 'Badiou employs two different regimes: being/the ontological/set theory and appearing/logic/category theory.' For example, say one was interested in poetry - how then would pass judgement on how good or bad Chinese poetry actually is? For surely that requires fluency of the Chinese language, and this is difficult to acquire. The idea that the celestial bodies, in their daily course, make full circles and thus pass also beneath the earth – from Anaximander’s viewpoint – is so self-evident to us that it is hard to understand how daring its introduction was. That the celestial bodies make full circles is not something he could have observed, but a conclusion he must have drawn Elusive, allusive - like the play of light and shadow on water stilled for a moment - permenance out of impermenance; and the other, around. This raises the possibility, given that Gauss is generally given the credit for discovering non-Euclidean geometry (though Bolyai and Lobachevsky published first) that he was directly influenced by Kantian concepts; this reading definitely goes against almost all secondary literature I've seen - for example Bardi himself repeats this, as does Deutsch; however when one actually turns to the primary literature and examines the section in question where Kant touches on concepts of space (The Transcendental Aesthetic - A25), one finds: