Allah's will, as you guess is about Allah's choices. He is the creator of this whole system (universe etc). He determines the rules, he has the power to interfere anything, thus you can't change what he wants or wills. 

Just like that, if you want respect, you have to do what is needed (you have to vote). Allah just says in that verse, he has the power to reject the result. But also he keeps his promising. He promises that, if you do what is needed, he will make its done. But, be careful, he also warns that, if you reject the Allah's part in that success, he will take it away from you and he has the power to do that. Wa alaikum salam. No, Satan is a djinn. 

Now think, if you can't decide which one to choose, why would be punished? You may think that if there is a thing called Allah's will and you can't exceed it, then your stealing choice should be actually Allah's choice. But, the system doesn't work like that. Its still your choice and you have the responsibility. How? How about Allah's will? In this case, Allah is the creator of the voting system, the determiner of the candidates and the one who punishes not to vote. He is very powerful, so you can't escape from punishment. Allah makes a promise that there will be always good candidates and bad candidates, he also teaches you how to differentiate them. 

Angels are created from light, while djinns are created from smokeless fire. 

According to this example, Allah has the power to change the rules of the voting system, to put just bad candidates, or not accept the result of the voting. That's Allah's will (k체lli irade). You can do nothing in that case except vote for one of the bad ones. But when you look at the what has happened for years, he keeps his promising. You can't change the candidates, that's your will's limit. But you can choose whichever you want. 

[ Allah ] said, "What prevented you from prostrating when I commanded you?" [Satan] said, "I am better than him. You created me from fire and created him from clay." (Surat Al-'A`r훮f 7/12) 

Allah has set a seal upon their hearts and upon their hearing, and over their vision is a veil. And for them is a great punishment. (Surat Al-Baqarah 2/6-7) 

Angels don't have free will, thus are not capable to antagonise (resist) Allah's orders. They have to obey by their nature. Djinn and Mankind have free will and choice. 

My point is, this is not a mistake, it just a way of talk. Its more like Allah says in some verses "We did...". There is no multiple gods and Allah points in that sentence to himself (not he, but whatever). As in this sentence Allah uses "royal we (meaning me)", in your question he uses generalization. In that moment, there are probably thousands (maybe millions) of angels and there is 1 djinn. Should Allah say "I said to the angels and Iblees, ..."? He might had, but this way is not a mistake. 

Someone can claim that he is a non-believer because Allah made him so according to these verses. This is the same problem with any verse in this kind and to understand them you have to understand the difference between will types. 

Creature's will is about human's or djinn's will. When you have an option, you can choose either bad one, or good one. You can choose to steal, or to kill, or not. We will be judged by Allah in the Judgement Day and we will be rewarded or punished for our actions in this world. 

I think it is about K체lli Irade(Allah's will) and C체zi Irade(slight will, creature's will). Lets take a look at another 2 verses: 

For example there is a class with 30 students. 28 of them are very successful and 2 of them are just average. If you claim that this class is successful, would it wrong? This is called generalization. Think about an election. There are 4 candidates. You are the voter. What are your options? You can either give your vote to 1 of them, you can give empty vote, or you can choose to not vote. Now, you know that 2 of the candidates are corrupted, other 1 of them looks like good and you are not sure about the last one. The corrupted ones gave you promises to give you money if you choose them. The good looking one gives promises about hard-working but good management. Now, choosing which one depends on your slight will. You can choose one of the corrupted ones to gain money in the short term, but then you will suffer from bad management. You can choose the good looking one, you may complain about hard-working in the short term, but you would have a just management. You can give empty vote, then you would have no right to complain or to be proud of. You can choose to not vote, to protest the system. You choose, and then you get the consequences.