I think that the 2011-2014 period is easily explainable given that the 2010 Senate seats were mostly Republican prior to that election. Not much room to grow. The 2012 election was a relatively good one for Democrats but with limited opportunities. The 2014 election was the only one that was both good for Republicans and had significant opportunities to switch Senate seats from Democrat to Republican. 

Senate class of 2012 Another issue relates to how the Senate elections work. Terms are for six years, with roughly a third up for election every two years. All House seats are up every two years. So 2012 was a weak Republican year, as was 2006. As a result, the majority of seats that year were and are held by Democrats. 2010 was a good Republican year, as was 2004. So many House seats which held Democrats elected in 2008 or 2006 flipped in 2010. But the Senate seats had already flipped in 2004, limiting gains in 2010. Republicans did gain in 2014, turning back more seats than they lost in 2008. But that still doesn't entirely offset the 2012 class. 

Congressional districts are more concentrated. Many of them consist only of urban areas. For example, there are something like fourteen congressional districts in New York City and all but one are controlled by Democrats. Many urban districts are overwhelmingly controlled by Democrats, who get 80% or 90% of the vote. Republican districts are usually more balanced. 

A bigger problem is the loss of old Democratic gerrymanders. For example, North Carolina went from majority Democrats in the House to majority Republicans. Some of that is the new Republican gerrymander, but some of that is the loss of the old gerrymander which had been done by the Democrats. Cook has North Carolina at R+3, which suggests something like a seven to six split in the Republicans' favor. Perhaps eight to five if you consider the varying concentrations. But in 2009, the Democrats controlled the state delegation. 

Gerrymandering Increased concentration of Democrats in particular areas has the effect of wasting their votes. In places like New York City, there's no fix for this without making ridiculous districts or eliminating geographic districts. They want to put the New York City Democrats with Republicans in the Buffalo suburbs, but that would make for ridiculous districts. 

Notice how in congressional districts, the Democrats are most concentrated; while in states, the Republicans are. This gives Democrats something of an advantage in the Senate while Republicans have an advantage in the House. Also note that congressional districts are more partisan than states are. 

Other than a coincidence of names and the nominal role of presiding officer, the two Speakers (US/UK) have little in common. The UK Speaker of the House of Commons is closer to the US Parliamentarian of the Senate, who advises the presiding officer of the Senate and makes certain decisions related to reconciling budgets with the House. In the US, the presiding officers are not non-partisan (the Senate rotates, frequently among rather junior members). 

Another point of confusion is that in the UK, the Prime Minister is the consensus choice of the governing coalition. I.e. the other members of parliament choose the Prime Minister. In the US, the President is directly elected, so the President is not necessarily the choice of the Representatives or Senators even if of the same party. And of course, calling Donald Trump a Republican is itself questionable. He has more experience as a Democrat and gets many of his ideas from Democrats.