The short answer is, there are no laws formulated for linguistics that could be analogous to some of the laws of physics that would be constant through time and space. The last attempt at this were the sound change laws in the 19th century and those do not take us very far. 

The closest linguistics (in its broadest sense) comes to this is a search for universals. There are many debates about what is and can be universal in linguistics - most of them happening in the realm of syntax (with some phonetics). But even the most formal of these universals (as represented by Universal Grammar) do not claim the status of a 'law' with the same predictive modeling power as laws of thermodynamics. The 'laws' you propose have been formulated but they could never achieve the status of invariant principles let alone something which you could build predictive models on (despite computational attempts at such a thing). The principal problem with them is that they are formulated with the assumption that 'meaning' is something that 'words' have in the same way you see in the dictionary. But meaning cannot be described statically in this way. It is a process that includes a complex networks of usage patterns that are constantly shifting. They are sufficiently stable to allow for communication but not stable or discrete enough to enable prediction or even a foundation for some sort of a retrospective model. However, some basic universal semantic processes could be formulated relatively easily: In semantics, universals are viewed with suspicion. Perhaps the most stark statement of universality would be the semantic primes theory which posits certain core meanings that are shared by all languages - based on empirical research of a large (but still limited) sample. In Arabic the word for “human being of either sex” is ʼinsān, from the same root as nisāʼ “women”. The usual word for “male human being” is rajul. 

PS. These comments refer to the first picture; the second one was added later. Latin vir, Sanskrit vīra-, Avestan vīra-, Old Irish fer, Lithuanian výras, Gothic wair, all mean “man” and all derive from Indo-European *wīro- (or *uiH-ro). In my professional field (Indo-Iranian studies) Brugmann's law is universally accepted as a basic sound law. The exceptions (all laws have exceptions) can mostly be explained by paradigmatic leveling. See for example: Hoffmann/Forssman, Avestische Laut- und Flexionslehre, p. 61. Who wrote the wikipedia article? 

The Luvian etc. forms look more like Skt vasu-, Av. vohu- and their cognates, IE *uesu-. Or to stay with living languages: Russian has a very complex system of cases, but has lost all conjugated forms of the verb except the present indicative active. Modern Greek, on the other hand, has a pruned-down system of cases, but a very well preserved verbal system (active and middle voice, aorist vs imperfect, subjunctive etc.). Which has been “better” at preserving PIE features? Applying this to your specific question about pronouns, those things may or may not relate. In Romance languages, anyway, the whole masculine and neutral genders of Latin collapsed into what is called the masculine gender, but is perhaps closer to Latin's neutral. Since the context is informal, they may call each other informal pronouns (você and its popular contraction cê). It would be more respectful of both to use formal pronouns, but it is optional. 

One is that a stratified society has different degrees of formal education for different people. There consequently is a tendency for the upper layers of such society to speak a different "sociolect" than the lower layers. 

The other is that people speak in different registers in different contexts. Anyone, from a beggar to a Supreme Court justice, speaks differently when in court than when among friends in an informal context. To take into account the comments below, Spanish Alemaña derives from Latin Alemannia, either through Frankish -> Old French -> Spanish or through Frankish -> Iberian Romance -> Spanish. The Arabic word must be a borrowing from Iberian Romance or Spanish (because a literate borrowing from Latin would result in word similar to Germania, which was the Classic Latin most common name for the region and its people), and the Turkish word must be a borrowing from Arabic (because if they acquired the word via Eastern Europe instead, they would most likely borrow from either German Deustcheland, Greek Γερμανία, or some slavic language, in which case it would ressemble something like Njemačka).