In recent years, a massive amount of attention in linguistics has been devoted to the variation within language varieties of grammatical structures caused by semantic and discourse-pragmatic factors, such as DOM and split ergativity. However, it seems that less crosslinguistic work has been done on differential adjective-noun order. I did some Google Scholaring, but only found a creolistics paper suggesting the historical origins of differential adjective-noun order, but not much else. Dixon, R. M. W. (2002). Australian languages: Their nature and development (Vol. 1). Cambridge University Press. The short answer is that there's no exact answer. There is no clear cross-linguistic definition of what a 'word' is, and therefore no real distinction between syntax and morphology. Indeed, there are calls to unify the study of grammar into morphosyntax instead of using the traditional syntax-morphology distinction. Haspelmath (2011) writes: 'Instead of a subdivision of the grammar of sign combinations into morphology and syntax, we can just work with a unified domain of morphosyntax'. I was pretty surprised when looking at data from my field methods class, because it seemed that the intricacies of adjective-noun order in the language I'm studying (which is Tibeto-Burman) were very similar to French. The words for pretty, big and fat in the language are prenominal while most other adjectives are postnominal. 張三的死很突然 (Zhangsan-possessive death very sudden) The other major concept that needs review is the head. The head of a phrase doesn't have a precise, necessary-and-sufficient-conditions definition, but it does have a bundle of common properties that sometimes, though not always, coincide. In general, the head is the only element that always appears the kind of phrase it heads (except in really special cases like ellipsis), it gets to 'choose' (subcategorise for) its dependents other than adjuncts, and it governs its dependents. I think the most important part is this sentence: Givón, T. (2009). The genesis of syntactic complexity: Diachrony, ontogeny, neuro-cognition, evolution. John Benjamins Publishing. Conjunction (warning: less reliable test, must always be used with other tests): He is the founder [of the Church of England] and [of KFC]. Pro-form substitution: I'm talking about the Church of England itself, not the founder [thereof]. Syntactic behaviour, on the other hand, is typically related to syntactic pivots: in clause linkage, which participant serves to link different clauses together? In a nominative-accusative language like English, the pivot is typically nominative, i.e. A and S can serve as the pivot. In a syntactically ergative-accusative language, the pivot is typically absolutive, i.e. S or P. Compare English and Dyirbal, the classic example of a syntactically ergative langauge: (2) Restrictions on type: *The latest research on dieting always warns people about the dangers at sleeping late. ('Dangers' requires 'of', not 'at') Compare: I tied my shoelaces (at noon). In any event, though linguists frequently disagree on which constituent in a phrase is the head, one thing is clear: In an endocentric constituent, it is always the head that determines the syntactic category of the phrase it heads, and thus a P cannot head a VP. (Note, however, that not all theories require all phrases to be endocentric.) *張三的死很忽然 (Zhangsan-possessive death very suddenly) The sentences on the left are known as indirect speech, and the ones on the right are known as direct speech. This is a more general phenomenon; the matrix clause need not be a command (as in your examples), but can also be - in fact, are more commonly - statements, as I'll illustrate in the examples below. However, in the context of ergativity, I think 'syntactic behaviour' is easier to tell. You can think of it as behaviour other morphological ergativity, which is usually realised as overt coding on core arguments using case morphemes. (4) Restrictions on position: *Of too little sleep, the latest research on dieting always warns people about the dangers. In French, the recipient of demander ('ask') is dative: As a side note, in Classical Chinese, adjectives and nouns can act as transitive verbs, indicating another flexibiltiy in position, but not in Modern Chinese: Compare: I tied my shoelaces in the washroom at school during recess. lemontree has given an excellent answer. I agree with her that you should take another look at the basics, and I think you'd benefit from a quick review of two major concepts: constituency and heads. I'll give a quick summary of two concepts - please consider this a supplement to lemon's answer. :) I suspect this is not what you're looking for - your tags suggest you are looking for a theoretical treatment within a Chomskyan framework - but I think we don't really need to look for a synchronic explanation when a good diachronic one exists. Haspelmath, M. (2011). The indeterminacy of word segmentation and the nature of morphology and syntax. Folia Linguistica, 45(1), 31-80. The primary difference between the two lies in deixis, which is a pragmatic concept. In direct and indirect speech, we 'point' to the same entities, but from different angles, and therefore need different deictics. Conjunction: He is [the founder of] and [the head of] the Church. (See, I told you the conjunction test is less reliable :P) A note on terminology: the word 'imperative' is usually used to refer to the syntactic, often formal mood. So for the third sentence, just calling it a 'command' would avoid confusion.