On September 25, 1939, Stalin suggested to German ambassador the exchange of Lithuania for areas near Lublin and east of Warsaw. (Weinberg, p. 59) Wikipedia says (without providing a reference), that in course of Operation Barbarossa Germany captured 1.3 mln km2 until the end of 1941 plus a maximum of 0.65 mln km2 later. That would be a total of 1.95 mln km2. Additional fact was that the Hitler's proposition was soon mirrored. Stalin proposed to send troops to "help" Poland against Germany. This was similarly rejected, as it would lead to Poland becoming a Soviet satellite state (as predicted by Poland; again Lyons). A widely cited figure is "500,000 sq mi of Russian territory" occupied by Nazi Germany, but it does not seem plausible because of the imprecise choice of wording. Properly, this should be divided by Soviet land area as of 22 June 1941, but I've been unable to find this figure. I substitute the 1991 figure, which is only a little bit lower. 

I wouldn't expect this situation to repeat quite often. 

Germany was at the time under a totalitarian regime. One of the main characteristics of such is that while there might be some authorities besides the master one, and they might have some unaligned thoughts, it is a major political error for them to reveal themselves before they are ready to win their case. And they can win only via true power - either a powerful organization (like an army, a big trade union, or a secret police) or a large mob ready to start riots. 

Errors happen (we're human), and one such major political errors in Germany was this: Further considering scenario of a Soviet-Polish war, Poland had no illusions that Germans could and would stop themselves before "securing the rights of German minority in the failing Polish state much troubled by the current war" as it seems was customary at the time. Even if Poland entered that scenario as an independent state, the predicted outcome would be it would end as either German or Soviet satellite. 

The stated reason for the exchange was the public "explanation" of Soviet invasion, which tied it with protection of minorities (Ukrainians or Belorussians, the ethnicities prominently present in Soviet Union) and there were no such in the Lublin area or Warsaw area. (Marples, p. 108) 

6. Convenient for the Allies Paying tribute to the skill of your opponent is a classic tactic if you need to distract attention from your own shortcomings. It was a technique used by the British in the disastrous run of defeats in France, Norway, Greece, Crete and North Africa. Even after the war France remained second only to Britain in terms of imperial possessions. Her soft power (though in decline) remained substantial throughout the 20th century. The role and importance of the French language throughout Europe shouldn't be underestimated. A paper prepared for the USAF in 1994 sums this doctrine up: I accept that militarily the threat to Australia was over in 1944, so the question is how was it politically & diplomatically possible, not how was it possible militarily. 

The same democratic German government was also breaching the limits on the size and scope of its armed forces, with the British and French turning a blind eye. 

Frank Welsh's mammoth history of Australia, Great Southern Land notes that 

You ask which treaties have defined Germany's loss of these territories. Wikipedia's German-Polish 1990 treaty article lists the key ones: It seems unlikely those British histories are doing much more than point scoring with the benefit of hindsight so what is the true story behind the French delay? Was there a technical reason? Was France really the junior partner, unable to move first? Why didn't the two allies ensure their declarations of war were timed together? 

Secondly De Gaulle had diligently courted Stalin between 1943 and 1945 and, while they had nothing like a friendship or alliance, it meant that Moscow wasn't unwilling to accommodate the French at the top table (especially if they could be used against the Americans, see above). Climate in Britain & France Which brings us to the political and social climate in France. Not only was there instability at the political level but there was also a range of other problems. More than any other country in Europe France had been left exhausted by World War One. The currency had been left weak. The declining birth rate was a source of constant concern, so much so that prime minister Briand stated "Our birth rate dictates the foreign policy I make". These were France's so-called "hollow years". In the face of a resurgent Germany French solutions included accommodation/appeasement, turning away from Europe and towards empire, retreating behind the Maginot line. Confronting Germany depended heavily on a network of alliances, including at various times Britain, Russia and the smaller European nations. But these alliances were all problematic and burdened by mutual suspicion.