Though that seems a stretch, this is exactly the kind of teaching that goes on in anger management courses, and you'd be amazed at the change in folks that take the teaching to heart. Someone can go from road rage to "it's not about me personally" in less than a few seconds. 

Karl's suggestion was a very good one. Al-Anon is free and easily accessible. It will put into perspective your role as his spouse and the mother of his child, and your power over his alcoholism. It will help you to establish clear, reasonable boundaries, which helps everyone (including him). 

Bedtime routine was in the big bed. Reading, cuddling, etc. then time to move to their beds. No muss, no fuss, no cajoling, no asking for water, etc, 

Things which will make doctors (and should make you) more concerned: 

In this article, a mom who had doubtful physicians stated 

Your precious daughter will, one day, say she hates you. Almost all kids say it at one time or another. Part of your job is to give her the tools she needs to recognize the steps she goes through before that pops out of her mouth. 

Your son likes picking out his clothes. I can't see that as a gender-defining issue. One of my (now married) sons had such a great eye for arranging flowers in the most interesting and imaginative ways that I would sometimes send him to the garden with a pair of clippers and a free hand (something my other children didn't get (blush)! 

If after reading the article, you still feel that the doctors aren't taking things seriously enough, please take your son to another pediatrician or the ER. In many scenarios, it's the squeaky wheel that gets the grease. Never be afraid to be a squeaky wheel if you're genuinely concerned. Good doctors would rather have patients who tell them of their concerns (so that they can meet the parent's expectations and gain their trust) than that a patient hold back for fear of being a "bad patient". 

You can't force your doctors to act more concerned than they are, but you can ask them questions, which they should take time to answer. If you don't have confidence in your doctor(s), it's always appropriate to seek another opinion. Also, the ER is there for you and your son; they cannot (in the US) refuse to see your son. (A professional secret - in the US, at any rate - if there are multiple ER visits, you'll likely get to see a specialist sooner.) 

If you want to leave him for your sake, but still want him in your daughter's life, leave him. How he reacts to this is not under your control. 

You are between a rock and a hard place, you really are. Look carefully and fearlessly (it's only a look after all) at both the rock and the hard place, then decide on which you want to land. In either case, never stop trying to mitigate the effect of her father's abusive behavior on her. Words hurt more than beatings. 

Doctors see diarrhea all the time, and it is - fortunately or unfortunately - less concerning to them, because, again, they see it all the time, and by a large margin, the cause is relatively benign and the children get better mostly without much in the way of medical treatment (home treatment often suffices) or with a course of antibiotics if cultures come back positive. It might help you to know that: 

Nothing about his actions is under your control, and you will never make him better or worse. 

Read up on causes of diarrhea in kids. The more you know, the better you can address your concerns with your son's doctors. Asking informed questions (e.g. "Is diarrhea at this age and to this degree dangerous? Can this be non-infectious? How long do you wait before deciding to do a work-up?") is more likely to be answered in a manner you find helpful than just worrying that they're missing something.