What else permits to quality him as "proto-Ukrainian"? Only the fact modern Ukrainians like him. 

Ask you teacher. High school teachers in Warsaw, Vilnius and Minsk will give you 3 different answers: all of them count him as "theirs". (Ukrainians usually don't. But a famous monument to him stands in the center of Lviv). 

The distinction between Poles, Ukrainians, Belorussians and Lithuanians was established only AFTER the final partition of Rzeczpospolita in 1795. Actually much later. 

https://sureshemre.wordpress.com/2014/01/18/on-the-late-adoption-of-the-printing-press-in-the-ottoman-empire/ 

Conversion of a country at that time meant conversion of the leader (prince, king). After that Christianity was usually enforced on the rest of population, but this always took some time. 

The leadership of the Soviets changed with time between Mensheviks and Bolsheviks, and various Anarchists played an important role. 

Pagan believers exist in Europe even now. But if you are asking of the last country which became officially Christian, this was the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, the grand duke Jogaila converted to Christianity (Catholicism) in 1387. (Some earlier grand dukes converted earlier but then relapsed). After the Grand Duke conversion, Christianity was forced on all population, but of course this was a long process. Some pagan communities remained on the European territory of the Russian empire till 19s century. 

Let me add to the previous answer: printing press penetrated Islamic lands very soon after its invention, but for long time it was not used by Muslims. It was used by Jews and Christians in Islamic lands for their own needs, until 18th century. Even after that, Ottoman printing houses published only 142 books in more than a centiry between 1726 and 1838. You can still buy beautiful 19th century hand-written books in the antique book shops in Istambul. Islamic culture was reluctant to take any innovations from non-Muslims. Source: 

Religion? Danylo was probably brought up Greek-Orthodox. But they say he converted to Catholicism. Is he a "proto-Pole" because of that?