Finally, Jesus' did not "mix" the natures - Traditionally the hypostatic union says he was fully God and fully man - but there is never a suggestion that the two natures were combined into one essence. This is why Scripture tended to speak of "tithes and offerings" as separate categories. Economies of Scale also allow institutions to respond to large crises (disasters, famine, endemic social issues) that individuals cannot. Implicit in scale is waste, fraud, and abuse (yes, Mr. Baker, I'm talking about you!), but the hope is that more often than not the economy of scale can outweigh the lapses. Furthermore the creeds are very clear that he was begotten not made, which precisely is there to address the whole subordinationism debate. Basically, the creeds work out in more precise detail how it is that the Son is not subordinate to the Father, by nature of his eternal begottenness. Some view this as Christ preaching to the Angels - but there is never a suggestion that Angels need atonement. This isn't to say they are perfect, nor that they aren't fallen, but we just have no biblical information about this. "Some are, no doubt. The sensualist, I'll allow ye, begins by pursuing a real pleasure, though a small one. His sin is the less. But the time comes on when, though the pleasure becomes less and less and the craving fiercer and fiercer, and though he knows that joy can never come that way, yet he prefers to joy the mere fondling of unappeasable lust and would not have it taken from him. He'd fight to the death to keep it. He'd like well to be able to scratch: but even when he can scratch no more he'd rather itch than not." Contrast this with mere "pleasure" when Lewis writes in Chapter 9: In contrast, here God is clearly not revealed in his full glory. Remember that when the three visitors came to see Abraham, they were disguised. When the angel came to visit Samson's father, he was disguised. When there was the fourth in the furnace, shining brightly as a 'son of God,' he too could have been considered to be disguised. Ham moved South and became the father of the African peoples. As a practical matter, the case for "Mother God" tends to be made only by the more liberal wings of churches. Shem moved west and became the father of the White European peoples John 1:1,14 is the classic proof text of the eternality of the Son. Historically, the answer to the race issue has been the Table of Nations in Genesis 10. Most importantly, Jesus himself says that God is spirit. When speaking to the woman at the well (John 4:24), He says: God the Father, then, having historically not being understood as incarnated (the converse of this being the heresy of patripassianism), would be Spirit. So first off, this story of Jacob "struggling with God" (in Hebrew Isra - el) is one that has puzzled people for years. There is little agreement amongst scholars about what this means. Some interpret this is a vision, others as a theophany, and still others suggest that it was simply a metaphor for the striving and struggling that Jacob had been doing all along. This idea has a long history behind it, and can help expand one one's mind about the fullness of God, whilest still communicating a useful image - at least by understanding what he isn't, it affords space for what he is - namely loving - while not limiting him either. Indeed, the early heresies centered around whether or not we would have physical form ourselves in the resurrection, because we would only be spirit. Indeed, Gnostics and Docetists taught that Jesus had to only "appear" to be physical, because they understood matter to be evil, and hence incarnation and 'taking one form' to be beneath God. The thing you are adding - that somehow Jesus' incarnation is applicable to all humanity is the part that makes no sense. The burden would be on you to prove that. Question 2: Ministering to Fallen Angels Question 1: Are humans somehow above Angels? As he says in The Weight of Glory (again): Psalm 8 is very clear - Man is lower than Angel. Put another way, even our good deeds in and of themselves do not curry favor with God. Any works we do are done as signs of the fact that we appreciate what God has done for us (John 14:12) and they are outflows of that appreciation. Our works do nothing except signify the transformation that has already occurred.