So Leona, although tanky, isn't really an option because her damage is so ignorable. Same applies to champions like Soraka etc. Her spell vamp combined with the high burst makes her very hard to kill quickly. This also gives her a lot of sustainability through leeching health from minions. Without the ability to nuke her down easily, she can try to escape using her shroud/ult/summoner spells. She has innate spell vamp through her passive Twin Disciplines The move speed has to take into consideration: My personal item priorities are: Her mobility using via Shadow Dance You are never going to escape from her, especially if she has a slow. She can also use it to bink to escape by targeting minions. This, along with her Twilight shroud make her a very tricky champion to kill and a champion almost impossible to escape from. Ranged AD - Life steal! Either Doran's blade or (better - vampiric scepter) Non ranged - Regrowth pendent > Philosophers stone AP ranged - Regrowth pendent > Philosophers stone Pushing wins games Pushing is what wins games, not killing. Killing just makes the job of pushing easier. It is perfectly possible to push with the entire enemy not dying once. Edit: To clarify, I mean when a team mate is globally visible (nidalee trap) and walks into a bush where you are standing. Try to get the gp/10 quints on too. They help a lot, plus they are cheap (1k IP each) Akali can gank pretty freely as there aren't really any 'safe zones' you can run to, i.e. behind your tower line on normal matches. This leads up to her snowballing pretty quickly as she is just fantastic at picking off roaming enemies. Currently (the end of Season 1) - the only option you have is to start a new account in the same region as your friend. There is no way to transfer your account from one region to another. This may change in the future†, however I'd imagine that it would incur a charge in the form of Riot Points. The only skills that don't benefit fully from spell vamp are area of effect (AoE), which apply only 1/3 of the spell vamp effect. The Dominion is map is designed to be played offensively I tend to find myself preferring champions with high mobility (Poppy, Evelynn, Singed etc) and I am interested in roaming. No point roaming with a slow champion. (I don't want a list of viable roamers, I roam with Poppy and she isn't recommended) Pushing also gives you map control, towers are a defensive checkpoint and champions won't want to push too far in fear of getting ganked. I pick Sivir a fair amount and get called a noob, people queue jump. Ok she offers a lot less than a lot of champions in team fights, but she had great escape mechanisms and unrivalled pushing. Source: http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/Damage_over_time More champions play 'glass cannon' builds than on Summoners Rift This is perfect for juking in the middle of the map, and perfect for protecting her when she is defending a turret. Always make sure your team has some sort of pusher. A good technique is to backdoor. Just tell your team to be defensive during a team fight, so it is 4v5 (and a tower on your side) whilst you teleport up to an enemy tower, and later in the game, its probably going to fall VERY quickly. Make sure you don't overpush and flee if you see the enemy coming back to gank you. Akali is one of the best 1v1 champions in the game. Her mark of the assassin just gives her enormous burst, even at early levels. I try to buy a purple ward for drake, its more expensive, but it counters better. (Actually this should be the junglers job, but make sure you do it if they don't) Glass cannon champions tend to be easy prey for Akali. A lot of builds are base around kiting and mobility. Kiting just doesn't work on her because of her ultimate and she has HUGE burst which will bring down any squishy champions pretty rapidly. Is is pretty hard to counter Akali because of her different damage types. Getting the balance of defense, mobility and offensive items is hard enough. Dominion involves a lot of 1v1 fights First off, nearly every champion can solo top with the right masteries/runes and first item. With the remade Twisted Treeline map, laning can be very tricky as they are very vulnerable to ganks, especially due to there being no wards allowed on the map any more. If a team mate walks into the brush I am standing in, just after walking onto a Nidalee trap for example, can the enemy then see me too? Are there any techniques I can use to lane as safely as possible, without falling behind my opponent's experience and gold? Recommended top lane champs for me are: The first item has to bring you sustain, it really depends on your champion but usually recommended: Akali has huge advantages in her skill set that allow her to excel in Dominion. 09-13-2010, 11:40 AM All of the feedback is always greatly appreciated. We are definitely paying attention. Unfortunately, right now it's just not possible from a technical standpoint to transfer any account content, between two servers, or even on one server. It's something we're thinking about for the future, but we can't be sure if or when it will be available yet.