Then, it seems that there are situations where the death penalty is just, but once someone is captured those situations are rare. We shouldn't administer the death penalty for the sake of killing someone, instead we should first have a (just) goal for which the death penalty is the only option to achieve it. Constructing an Ethical System Deviations from Moral Intuitions Socrates does this by asking his interlocutor a series of questions (e.g., about different virtuous people) to draw out some intuition, and lead that intuition to more general statements until there is something prescriptive (e.g., whether Virtue can be taught). Acquinas in Summa Theologica does not lay out rules. Instead, he asks himself a series of questions about a single topic. From the answers to those questions, one can come away with a prescriptive answer. CS Lewis in Mere Christianity uses as the underpinning of all his logic that in figuring out how other humans work, we have as ourselves the first example. He then takes intuition about what we know about ourselves to extrapolate to other people. Those are just three examples, but I could keep going. It seems then that as a practical matter, the problem you pose of having a complicated ethical framework that doesn't pass some basic (by the author's own criteria) sanity check at the end of its construction is generally not an issue, as philosophers build ethical systems bit-by-bit, testing whether what they've said makes sense along the way, checking that the most basic issues are handled in the beginning. This actually makes more sense to me, especially 'absurdism'. Is it about the entirely arbitrary acts of a man, and he himself gives them meaning, or none at all, if he choses to or not? Its often taken as canonical in existentialist literature. Indeed can language induce neuroses? One could imagine several interesting but unethical experiments to test this proposition. Given, that we know of no aliens; its an absurd fallacy to declare that aliens will be pure rational beings. Looking around the this world given how the life-sphere (I mean animals as well humans) is dominated by the emotional, passionate & irrational as well as reason. As this is the only grounds from which we can concieve of aliens - its likely that they will have both these drives - reason & emotion. Epicurianism is a philosophy attuned to contentment, it can degenerate into hedonism. Interestingly enough Epicurus is a follower of Democritus - a founder of the ancient school of atomism. Having said this, a certain theological position identifies God with Logos - reason. This seems as wrong-headed as the purely rational alien. If God exists - then he is far more mysterious than some rule-enacting bureaucract. I've read Camus 'Outsider' twice. And have seen it acted out in the theatre. What things a group punishes with the death penalty will therefore depend on, for example, how capable the authorities are at retaining prisoners. Deviations from Moral Intuitions Constructing an Ethical System Most philosophers I've read alternate between appeals to intuition and laying down specific rules: Socrates does this by asking his interlocutor a series of questions (e.g., about different virtuous people) to draw out some intuition, and lead that intuition to more general statements until there is something prescriptive (e.g., whether Virtue can be taught). Acquinas in Summa Theologica does not lay out rules. Instead, he asks himself a series of questions about a single topic. From the answers to those questions, one can come away with a prescriptive answer. CS Lewis in Mere Christianity uses as the underpinning of all his logic that in figuring out how other humans work, we have as ourselves the first example. He then takes intuition about what we know about ourselves to extrapolate to other people. Those are just three examples, but I could keep going. It seems then that as a practical matter, the problem you pose of having a complicated ethical framework that doesn't pass some basic (by the author's own criteria) sanity check at the end of its construction is generally not an issue, as philosophers build ethical systems bit-by-bit, testing whether what they've said makes sense along the way, checking that the most basic issues are handled in the beginning.