Couple the dangers of the mission with the difficulties of destroying, or even significantly damaging, the locks and gates of the canal, and the chances of the attack being successful are very low. 

However, I am unable to determine the extent to which these units were truly motorized. Typically they would have been assigned to Armoured Corps, where their extra mobility would be most useful. 

There were also three light division, designated respectively as Alpine (the 10th), (mule-)Pack (the 71st), and Truck (the 89th). The last appears to have been a fully motorized division, but deployed to Le Havre only on 21 January, 1945 and saw only relatively light action. It did participate in the overrun of Buchenwald on 4 April 1945. 

Hitler's goal was a pure Aryan Germany that stretched from the Rhine in the west to the Dvina-Dnieper rivers in the east. With the purification of this greater Germany complete the plains of Poland, Ukraine and Belarus would be repopulated with German farmers that would breed like rabbits (as they had between the wars) an make the Third Reich a thousand-year power, just like in the campaign posters. 

Additionally, between the wars the importance of airpower in deciding naval battles was increasingly recognized as of importance. Older destroyers without the capability of mounting A_A guns, and other modern armament, were often retired rather than moth-balled as not worth the expense of the latter. It was the surprisingly effective role of airpower in sinking the Bismarck that finally convinced the sceptics on both sides that the North Atlantic would be a battle of submarines against ASW vessels, rather than of surface fleet raiders eluding chasers. 

Full transcript of the judgements can be found for most defendants (including Rudolf Hess and Walther Funk). 

The deadlines themselves had to be approved by the legislatures of both countries, and the timing differences may simply reflect the different lengths of time allowed for debate. A minimum time, probably 24 or 48 hours, would have to have been allowed after the presentation of the deadline to Germany, in case it actually wished to comply with the presented deadlines. 

Update #4: The double whammy of losing the French Navy as an ally in the Mediterranean, and of the German U-boats being able to base in the Bay of Biscay and Brittany area, was completely unexpected. No pre-war planning in the Admiralty could have been expected to foresee such a rapid fall of France. 

Update #3: It was less about the number of destroyers available in 1939-40, as the much greater effectiveness of the Luftwaffe and Kriegsmarine in sinking them than was anticpated. In one letter to Roosevelt inquiring after the destroyers, Churchill noted that in the preceding ten days the Royal navy had had 11 destroyers sunk in the English Channel, and then precedes to list them. 

Under terms of the surrender, the Vichy government was only allowed to maintain an internal army of 95,000 (all ranks) plus a gendarmerie of 60,000 and an anti-aircraft force of 10,000. There were an additional 145,000 or so Vichy forces in Algeria, Morocco and the Levant, making a total force under arms of barely 300,000. 

There are international agreements on the definition of POW dating back to the Lieber Code declared by Lincoln in 1862 

In the Allied favour the key battle/campaign would be that of the merchant marine convoys in the North Atlantic through the dark days of 1941 and 1942. The British never realized that the Germans had broken the merchant marine codes in the mid 1930's, so it was only with the help of ENIGMA intelligence that sufficient convoys got through to keep Britain afloat as it were. 

Update: Australia's Statute of Westminster Adoption Act 1942 explicitly states that five provisions of the Westminster Act (sections two, three, four, five, and six) 

Still from that source (page 356), Casualties in Crete a month later were 1,700 killed, 2,000 wounded, and 12,000 POW. 

All in all, I find it no coincidence that the Navy carriers spent as much time as possible at sea instead of Pearl, especially as tensions with Japan increased. 

Since some 2,000,000 soldiers had been captured by the Germans in the spring 1940 campaign and retained under the treaty terms as forced labour, it is difficult to see how the Vichy forces were ever even comparable to the forces fielded by France in 1940. 

Update The Court seems to have found only Count IV without extenuating circumstance to be a Capital Offense; the others apparently regarded as Non-Capital Offenses 

Update comparison of Royal Navy between October 1918 and September 1939: 

Where the German Army relied on horse-drawn logistical support for the entire war, most likely due to the extreme scarcity of valuable gasoline and diesel fuel, the Allied armies were much more mobile due to being able to relocate support troops, supplies and headquarters units forward much more quickly. This can be seen in the speed of the Allied advance across France after Avranches and Falais. 

So with a treaty in hand that established those modified borders, and granted access to oil from the Caucasus, Hitler would have actually been satisfied with the victory. There was no next victim planned. 

The U.S. Army officially designated just five divisions as motorized infantry in World War Two, and only for the period 1942-3 (The 5th was a phantom, part of USFAG for the D-Day deception):