There are three common objections. One might suggest that the memory is unreliable, and hence reject premise 1). One can argue, contra premise 3), that conscious states (empirical ones, we are not talking about the "soul" here) can function as the permanent baseline in lieu of the external things. Kant could reply, I suppose, that this is highly implausible due to general obscurity of introspection (and Wittgenstein would agree). But on Berkeley's view, the "external things", including clocks, are subject's mental states too, esse est percipi. So Kant's refutation falls short of its intended target. Finally, the "permanence", if established at all, is only of relative quality, flashing mental time stamps would suffice for establishing the temporal order too. See SEP discussion for more details. A recent defense of the argument is in Refutation of Idealism and the Distinction between Phenomena and Noumena by Edmundts in the Cambridge Companion to Kant's Critique of Pure Reason. One could, and Rosenberg discusses such options in his book, try to find a third source of justification, tertium quid as he calls it in Latin. Husserl's phenomenological intuition is an example, but Rosenberg considers such a solution disappointing. What he describes as strategy K is to change the concept of justification. Instead of justifying the content of a principle theoretically, by providing an argument for it, one can give a logical argument that the principle has some meta-property, making it practically reasonable for us to adopt it. This is not specific to space and time or Kant, whatever mental schemes or categories are used to synthesize perceptions they can not keep up with evolving scientific descriptions. If categories are "conditions of the possibility of knowledge" how is it possible that scientific knowledge eventually violates conditions of its possibility? Here is Dicker's reconstruction of the Refutation argument: Pragmatism even allows Peirce to offer hypothetical metaphysics, which connects his remote noumena to the acting/reacting reality of everyday encounters, see Haack's "Extreme Scholastic Realism:" Its Relevance to Philosophy of Science Today. It posits actions/processes at the core of experienced reality (Secondness), objects are viewed as their conceptual derivatives, and it construes "generals", relations and laws (Thirdness), as manifested in the patterns of actions/reactions. It is they that are the fundamental reality for Peirce:"All that Hume attacked I defend, namely, law as a reality", this is why he calls his realism "of extreme stripe". This relational ontology might raise concerns familiar from dealing with Platonic froms, infinite regress on relations of relations, etc. But for Peirce only some generals are real, which ones is for empirical science to hypothesize and confirm in action, it is not a business of a priori Platonic contemplation with its pure mathematical largesse. Permanence is required as a baseline for establishing temporal order among past experiences. Conscious states can not play this role, "this permanent something cannot be something in me, for the very reason that my existence in time is itself determined by this permanent something". The empirical "soul", or self, is a collection of appearances arranged in time, the metaphysical soul, along with the immateriality arguments, is dispatched in the Second Paralogism, see What are the problems with the argument for the mind-body dualism from immateriality of thoughts? The noumenal self is moot to the kind of "metaphysical" idealism that Kant is dealing with here. The entire argument concerns the realm of appearances, in space and time, we are talking about realism vs idealism about appearances, the noumena are out of the picture. Time itself can not supply the permanence either, for "time by itself is not perceived... Hence it follows that consciousness in time is necessarily connected also with the existence of things without me". The word 'humanistic' is not used in the strict sense of the word you looked up here. What is meant is more 'human-oriented' or something like this. This formulation of the Categorical Imperative is actually called the Humanity Formula: I've heard two versions of this anecdote about Kant's ethics: Is it true that Kant would say these things? If so, what's his reasoning? Furthermore, if you read the context, this post not only claims the other formulation is more humanistic, it also claims it's less formalistic. Which means: But proofs like this aren't intuitive for most people. The other formulation gives a much more intuitive proof (and to have an easy proof I'll not take into account lying for the other's sake): Now it becomes more clear what the author means: the first formulation (the one I quoted) can easily be used in some kind of (perfect) world model: it's very technical and focuses on logical soundness. The second formulation however is geared more toward 'daily use' and gives a somewhat more practical idea, something we can actually try to use. But Peirce also rejected Kant's identification of things in themselves with noumena. Pihlström in Peircean Scholastic Realism and Transcendental Arguments argues that Peirce can be understood as naturalizing and pragmatizing Kantian transcendental arguments, and his noumena are projections of "pure reason" downgraded to fallible human knowledge. Due to Kantian scruples Peirce can not adopt a metaphysical realism with already conceptualized world "grasped" by the mind (he rejects what is now called the myth of the Given). On the other hand, he wants a robust notion of truth answerable to independent and demystified reality. The result is a dual picture of reality, first as non-conceptual and encountered through action and reaction (pragmatism), and second as conceptualized through such encounters but only "at the end of inquiry". The inquiry may involve multiple human generations, and potentially even non-human beings, and may never be achieved in actuality, Peirce defends reality of possibilia. The truth is identified with this "final opinion", hence it is not a correspondent truth in any traditional sense. And it is this final opinion that hosts the noumena: I've heard two versions of this anecdote about Kant's ethics: The word 'humanistic' is not used in the strict sense of the word you looked up here. What is meant is more 'human-oriented' or something like this. This formulation of the Categorical Imperative is actually called the Humanity Formula: Is it true that Kant would say these things? If so, what's his reasoning? Furthermore, if you read the context, this post not only claims the other formulation is more humanistic, it also claims it's less formalistic. Which means: Now it becomes more clear what the author means: the first formulation (the one I quoted) can easily be used in some kind of (perfect) world model: it's very technical and focuses on logical soundness. The second formulation however is geared more toward 'daily use' and gives a somewhat more practical idea, something we can actually try to use. First of all, the post technically doesn't claim that formulation is humanistic. It only claims it's more humanistic than 'the other', which you didn't quote, but here it is: