It depends on which theory you are referring to. Similarly the fact that string theory is based on non testable claims at its core should not be a problem so long as the whole theory can be used to create models that make empirical predictions. The problem for string theory is that it does not even provide any testable models so far (it looks more like a framework of possible theories with too much parameters to tell which is the right one for our universe), but as far as I know that's more a technical limitation than a principled one. Perhaps we should wait to see if this research program is fruitful or not. So in my view the main objection to your interpretation of QM is this: it is a speculation which actually solves no known philosophical problem. Finally, the main problem to solve in QM is not really that wave-function describe systems rather than individual states. It is the problem of the correspondence between the model and empirical measurement. Transposed to your metaphysical theory, the problem is: when does the "collapse" occur? As your metaphysics does not really answer the question, it does not solve the measurement problem per se, and you have to fall back on a standard solution to complete your theory (either spontaneous collapse, or maybe in your case some form of dualism, with consciousness provoking the collapse? However these theories have other problems of their own...). In any case it's certainly not the only lesson to draw. After all, there is also cosmological time, and perhaps there is a priviledged frame of reference, that of the CMB. If quantum mechanics is non-local, maybe that means something for time too, we don't know yet. The right tool to know if string theory is science would be indeed a demarcation criteria. Such a criteria can be used toward creationism as well as string theory to sort out metaphysics from science. This is a thoughtful idea, however I think there are strong objections against it in the final analysis. Something is absolute and doesn't depend on the referential: the clock hypothesis, which says that a clock measures the (frame independent) space-time interval along its path. That looks pretty much like an absolute notion of time (since obviously, clock are not meant to measure distances). Arguably this is what the concept of time refers to in relativity. Multiverses are invoked in cosmology to explain the fine tuning of physical constants. The idea is that different universes have different values for physical constants, and we live inside one where the constants are appropriate for life to arise. Following that kind of theory, all universes could be "next" to each other, in a sense, or universes could be generated inside other universes in black holes (and inherit their constants with slight variations). Note that these theories are very speculative. It's not even clear that they have testable consequences. However the idea that universes are "next" to each others is a bit misleading if "next" means spatial proximity, because the notion of spatial proximity only makes sense inside a universe, not between universes. Different universes do not necessarily share the same space, so your question might not even make sense. This point is not fatal for your metaphysics. Perhaps having complex coefficients assigned to possible configurations is an efficient way to compress a system state. But as noted by Jobemark in his answer, the wave-function would not be a particularly efficient way to store a state, to the contrary: the wave-function of the universe assigns a coefficient to any possible configuration of the universe, whereas a classical universe would have only one configuration, which is much more simple. All these are meaningful questions which connects science with a broader, big picture of the world, and opinions and intuitions diverge strongly on these topics, even among scientists themselves, so science doesn't have the last word on this. It's a matter of interpreting what science tells us. That's why we are arguing. One advantage of string theory is that it fits very nicely with other physical theories. Some philosophers would argue that non-empirical criteria should count, and actually always counted in science: explanatory power, fruitfulness, unification with other theories, simplicity... This is up for debate but you're right that this is a debate about the demarcation between science and metaphysics. The problem is that we have no uncontroversial criteria today. We want science to be more empirical than metaphysics, which is why criteria of testability or refutability were often invoked, e.g. by Popper. But all scientific theories have untestable claims at their core (such as the principle of inertia in Newtonian physics, which requires an inertial frame of reference to be meaningful, but then it is circular). They have empirical consequences only when all axioms of the theory are taken together to create models, and this requires practical knowledge or auxilliary hypothesis that are external to the theory to map empirical data with theoretical models. Even then it is always possible to invoke an ad-hoc hypothesis to save the theory from experimental failure (for example, planet Vulcan was invoked to save newtonian physics). Space and time are distinct concepts. The fact that relativity makes of time the fourth dimension doesn't mean that space and time are not treated distinctly, as you observe yourself. The metric of relativity makes it clear that one dimension receives a special treatment, in any referential. This is what the concept of time, as opposed to space, subsumes, and the concept remains open to inquiry.