It's perfectly possible for wrong answers to get upvotes - downvotes are necessary to provide a counterbalance, IMO. Yes, I may have already written or upvoted the correct answer - but I still want to be able to say that a given answer is just plain wrong. It's even better now that you can click on the aggregate to get the separate upvotes/downvotes tally. 

Personally I've been in favour of raising the cost of downvotes rather than removing it. That's a lot easier to read (IMO) than: Podcast 70 suggests that you'll be able to supply a regular expression to match employers against. That should be flexible enough to do what you need. Personally I'd like a few other bits of markdown to be available in comments, but I know Jeff wants to discourage more significant comments - it ends up leading to discussion rather than Q&A. Personally I like discussion, but it's Jeff's prerogative :) Clicking that button -- or skip having the button and just do this when selecting a site (h/t animuson♦) -- would insert the contents of the other site's on-topic page into the dialogue window (with a scroll bar, obviously), similarly to how candidate duplicates are shown. There's already room, even, so we don't need to make the dialogue box bigger. If I then choose another site, then it should automatically switch to showing the new site's info. (If I'm groping around for a site I probably need this information, after all.) If there's nothing to show (e.g. for a per-site meta), then nothing changes. 

I agree; this takes a lot of space away from stuff I'd much rather see (more of the regular notifications). It's especially annoying when it covers up new notifications. 

As a moderator I could, in especially-dire cases, undelete the post, downvote, and then delete it again, but that feels like an abuse of the mod powers, plus it clobbers the deletion attribution, plus this doesn't help 10kers at all. Search comments Often enough to be frustrating, I remember either seeing or making a comment that I'd like to find again -- a helpful reference, a well-written comment that I'd like to use as a template, something involving weaponized unicorns that made me laugh out loud, whatever. If I know who posted it I can painstakingly dig through the "actions" tab from a profile, or I suppose I could try to find it with the LIKE operator in SEDE (if it's old enough). But why not make that easier? Keeps spammers from being able to send their employers a link to a public post so they can collect their bounties. (I've been told that spammers need to be able to prove they were successful.) 

Most of this is a duplicate, but one part of your question isn't so I'll address that: It's also peculiar that a notification about badge progress -- that is, stuff about a badge I don't have yet -- is much much bigger than the notification of a badge I actually earned. 

I stood in a recent, popular election (19 candidates), and I couldn't help noticing that I wasn't the only candidate who had that answer post ready within an hour or two of the list being finalized. I suspect that I wasn't the only one who was preparing answers in advance, based on the voting and a little guesswork. While you might argue that anticipating the need and being ready is a good trait for a moderator to have, I'd prefer that candidates be able to just answer the questions on meta at the same time they post their nominations on the election page, if they want to. Let's make it easier for candidates and voters. 

Yes, people can build this themselves, using the "projects" or "about me" areas, but this is meant to (a) make it easier and (b) plant the idea. (People can do this in other ways, but how many think to do it?) 

The clue I want to plant is: stuff happens on meta that affects you; please participate there at least occasionally. 

A lot of times moderators instead just look for a moderator on the other site to ask. That can be inefficient, and we've been told not to do that. Can we make it easier for us all to RTFM and maybe cut down on that? 

We'd need a UI element for "I wanna flag some comments together", one for "I'm done; submit that" (also cancel), and something in between to choose the comments. For the "something in between", maybe it's just the flag control but in this mode it turns them red or something so the user can see what's in the group and then it all resets when the user submits the flag or aborts. Or maybe it's a new flag type on posts that brings up the comments in the flag dialogue for selection. Y'all have people who are way better at UI design than I am; these are just some initial thoughts.