But whoever kills a believer intentionally - his recompense is Hell, wherein he will abide eternally, and Allah has become angry with him and has cursed him and has prepared for him a great punishment. (93) 

But I assume it is better to mention that according to the holy Quran, 

or even we can pay attention to the following verse (Surah al-Nisa:94) which could be related with the issue of Takfir (excommunication) Or for instance there is another narration from Imam Muhammad al Baqer (a.s.): 

Based on what I researched, I did not find any related matter regarding that. And it seems (canonically & logically) it is not considered as a haram practice to transliterate Arabic in English in common situations. Because the intention of the person(s) who is transliterating the texts in English, could be solely made the reader understand concerning the pronunciation of the phrases. Well done, you inquired either a nice or significant matter. As you yourself mentioned in the last part of your question(s), doing this practice (attending a Muslim woman marries a non-Muslim man) would directly or indirectly indicate that you (the Muslim who attends in the mentioned wedding) is supporting and confirming the practice of that Muslim woman. Then Moslems should observe the mentioned issue and do not attend in such wedding. Unfortunately, nowadays as you can see in many Islamic societies, there are many men(particularly young boys) who remove(cut) their eyebrows like ladies. As a result, commonly, their faces somewhat changes likes girls. So, I was wondering what its ruling is according to Shi'ite scholars? 

Or for instance, it has narrated from Imam Ali (peace be upon him) that Said: 

On the other hand, rationally (and even canonically) it is Wajib (mandatory) for us to defend ourselves. (of course by observing some points…). Even according to a Hadith from Imam Ali (a.s.): 

As a rule, working for the places whose works/activities are Haram, is Haram. Totally you must work at the company or other places which their acts are permissible (not to be Haram). 

According to Shia Islam (and likewise I think Sunni Islam) it is not considered as a haram act as @goldPseudo mentioned in his comment as he said “Most interpretations of Islam don't outright forbid eating with the left-hand,…” of course perhaps it can be counted as makruh act, but it would be permissible at least according to often sects as much as it is inferred from different Muslims. 

Eventually, I assume the best person who can recognize that if this is a Halal work or not, is yourself, by paying attention to the base of that job. The response is that touching the Holy Qur'an through cellphones is not considered as a haram practice. Since it would be touched indirectly. In truth, that is the light/glass of the mobile phone that you touch, not the real Quran. Therefore we cannot call it Shirk. On the whole, it is considered as a negative act which Muslims ought to observe it. And as you mentioned, Moslems ought to be honest in their dealings with others. In the war between Iran and Iraq (some years ago), Iraq attacked Iran. As you probably know, Iraq is an Islamic country, then shall we say Iran ought not defend itself because the soldiers of Iraq were Muslims? (and allowed them to kill themselves?)