Tower Aggro The enemy towers are dangerous. They have lots of health, armor, and a powerful attack that can quickly decimate low-level heroes. It's important, then, to know how the turret picks its target. The current metagame theory is that teams with a jungler > teams without, so by playing a strong jungler (assuming you aren't overestimating your skill) will give you the best odds, as an early game lead can be hard to overcome. Executions also don't show up on the "Team Kills" tally, though they do appear under a champion's deaths. Shen Shen is probably up in the top 3 with Amumu and Rammus when it comes to tanks (in my mind at least). If you can learn to correctly handle his Energy (which can be a little tricky to get the hang of at first), a good Shen player can be phenomenal. He's got a damage shield, an AoE Taunt, and a global ult / ally savior mechanic. One thing to note is that you don't want to build dodge on Shen - build armor/MR and health instead: it makes his passive come up more often and for more damage. Beyond that, everything else is automatic. If you die or use recall, you'll refresh your sighstones for sure. Conversely, there are some champions who do not do well in a solo lane - these tend to be support champions like Soraka, Sona, or Janna who perform much better with a partner to buff/shield/heal. These champions usually go to the bottom lane to ensure that they are in a 2 vs. 2 situation. Alistar I'll grant you that Alistar's hard to play optimally, but when he is, the bull's a force to be reckoned with. Two hard CCs (neither affected by Merc Treads). Triumphant Roar makes him an excellent pusher, and his Ultimate and high base health make you an excellent damage soak. Additionally, little of his power comes from items; Pulverize + Headbutt is really good even without any bonus from AP. Yorick and Alistar both have low cooldown skills that heal them in some way. Which gives you sustain to endure his combo chain. As far as I'm understanding it Spirit Visage seem to affect all healing sources of every kind (spell vamp, regeneration, Lifesteal, ect) EXCEPT those that come from outside sources. So - If your healing in any way from something YOU did, yes it applies, but not from something a teammate has done. second edit: If a champion out of range is targeted using the portraits on the left, you will walk to that champion to cast your spell\ability. Do not be discouraged, do your best to ignore the flaming that will inevitably occur, and simply learn from your mistakes and try again. Good Luck! I would say yes to all of those questions if I'm understanding the discussion on the wiki about it properly. From time to time I see a MASSIVE (at least 800 range diameter) blue octagon (or hexagon, it's gone too quick to be sure) on champions. It's gone in about 2-3 seconds everytime, too quickly for me to screenshot it by the time I realize it's there. I'll keep trying though. A good Aatrox will make good use of his escapes, and short of using the assistance of a good gank, he may be hard to kill. The trick is catching him while his abilites are on CD as they tend to be moderatly long. Couple of months ago I made an Excel file crossing data from League of Legends Wikia and other sources. Unfortunately is not updated with latest 2/3 champions added and probably therefore latest 2/3 patches. I will update my answer later, in the meanwhile, but this could be a good start, these are the data I have, ordered by speed. I studied some videos of Alistar roaming and trained to fullfill this role quite successfully in some ranked games. But are there any alternatives to Alistar? Which characteristics should have been evaluated before choosing a champion for this role? There tons of good guides, divided by champion. Each guide is voted by community so you can immediately distinguish between useful and garbage. And in addition every guide is linked to a patch version, so you know if they are outdated. Yes, enemy team in range see the graphical effect of Sona heal ability, even when it affects invisible allies. In addition you can check builds for League Of Legends at Moba Fire and another useful source of tips on specific champion styles and builds is of course the official forum NA or EU. Now fixed with all champions and last patches: One for all: Leaguecraft. I practically learned play League of Legends keeping that site on my browser and playing LoL in window mode. I just read a post on Elementz's blog that explained how meta game has changed in League Of Legends and how important is today the role of roamer.