This question's context is grounded in the recent history of the 2009 Honduran constitutional crisis that both parties, the State Department, the President, and it seems ultimately the Library of Congress weighed in on. You can read all about it here in Wikipedia 

The government does not grant entitlements. The mechanism for that could be amendment or Constitutional Convention or revolution, and is expressly mentioned in 39 of the states' constitutions. 

Ari Fleisher had this interesting Tweet to share on his own research: link 

The government does not grant entitlements. 

Question is in three parts about enemy combatants: 

In Iraq, Iran partnered with Sadr and the Madhi army to fight Sunnis and the US. See link 

Article 4, section 4 of the Constitution does allow for this: 

Yemen--Proxy war Saudi Arabia and Iran Yemen's own refugee camps have become compromised. Telegraph states 

At the time he was sworn in, Lincoln's "approval rating" can be estimated by examining wintertime Republican losses in local elections in Brooklyn, Cincinnati, Cleveland and St. Louis, and state elections in Connecticut, Massachusetts and Rhode Island; by the observations of Henry Adams (of the presidential Adamses) that "not a third of the House" supported him; and by the published reckoning of the New York Herald that only 1 million of the 4.7 million who voted in November were still with him. All these indications put his support in the nation at about 25 percent — roughly equivalent to the lowest approval ratings recorded by modern-day polling. 

No funding under this program may be used to fund administrator salaries, merit-based financial aid, or the construction of non-academic buildings like stadiums and student centers. The cleanest possibility here is that by refusing to take the oath, the President-elect renders himself "unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office". The VP will notify Congress, and become Acting President. He will stay Acting President for the entire 4-year term, and then be eligible for a single extra term as President. 

This may straddle the line between politics and history at this point, but if we didn't have the 22nd Amendment, which limits Presidents to two terms, could Bill Clinton have won a third term? This is specifically addressed in the Presidental Succession Act (US Code Title 3, Chapter 1, § 19) (emphasis mine) Federal judges have this power, because of Article VI of the US Consitution wihch reads (in part): 1 One other thing worth noting is that any solution which ends up with a new or acting President from a different political party than the President-elect will run afoul of the spirit of the 12th Amendment which was specifically created to ensure that the President and the VP (his successor) came from the same party, instead of being antagonistic (as per the original Constitution). While there may not be any direct answers there, if it came before the Supreme Court, they would probably base at least part of their decision on the intent of the 12th. 

The reason that the VP succeeds the President is that only the President is impeached and convicted. The impeachment does not include the Vice-President or his cabinet officials. Source: https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/07/11/press-gaggle-principal-deputy-press-secretary-sarah-sanders-7112017 

Do they collaborate with other news networks when projecting the winner or do they project the winner independently? For example, CNN projected the winner, do ABC News or NBC also project it? 

It's reported that The New York Times already had gotten the emails and Trump Jr. published the emails to preempt their publication. As the NYT mentions in an article: 

Reduction of a sentence is not technically considered pardoning. A President can pardon someone who hasn't be charged. Pardons make an individual immune to any conviction in future. 

The President-elect would not be recognised as a President since they did not inaugurate. Since it isn't technically a real office, the President-elect wouldn't have legally binding power. 

So, in this circumstance, it is a better move for him to do that. 

Basically, he resigned due to violating the Logan Act and causing embarrassment to the Trump administration. The Logan Act specifically states: 

As this article by Politico mentions, the administration didn't file the necessary paperwork for many of the nominees to make the nominations formal.