For truly, I say to you, until heaven and earth pass away, not an iota, not a dot, will pass from the Law until all is accomplished. Matthew 5:18 ESV Another one isn't really sarcasm, but it does strike me as a bit humorous. It's from the gospel of John, which is held to have been written by John, and He seems to refer to Himself as "the other disciple". Indeed, even though the ceremonial laws of the temple do not apply directly to us today, the story of the Creation, the Exodus, the Fall, God's grace to Hannah and Rebekah, and many other things all reveal God to us. Adam was hiding from an omniscient God. He had never felt the need to hide from God before. The question helped Adam understand and confess what he had done. "I'm hiding... I've never hid before... this is the consequences of my sinful choice..." Adam even had a choice of whether to answer or not. For many deceivers have gone out into the world, those who do not confess the coming of Jesus Christ in the flesh. Such a one is the deceiver and the antichrist. 2 John 1:7 ESV We can have confidence that as God has delivered His people in the past, He can do so today. Since God has answered prayers in the past, He will answer prayers today. Since God saw the affliction of His people in Egypt, He will see the affliction of His people today. Since God executed justice in the past, He will certainly do so today. In the case of the Quran, it was actually claimed to be delivered to Muhammad by an angel of God. God's Word gives us a very specific warning about such a claim. The Quran contradicts the Bible and presents another gospel. Gaining information is not the only reason for asking questions. Asking questions is a very powerful teaching device--not because the teacher does not know the answer, but because in the answering of the questions the students learn. The Word of God Cannot Be Changed Paul wrote to the Romans points out that some of the believers were taking communion in an unworthy manner. He then notes that this results in judgment, and then states that this is why some people were sick and some had even died. In Protestant Christianity, it is understood that Mary was a virgin until the birth of Jesus, but not after. John seems to make sure we understand that he won the race to the tomb! :) Furthermore, a principle in Luke 6:45 is that a person's words reveals the heart of that person. I am astonished that you are so quickly deserting him who called you in the grace of Christ and are turning to a different gospel— 7 not that there is another one, but there are some who trouble you and want to distort the gospel of Christ. 8 But even if we or an angel from heaven should preach to you a gospel contrary to the one we preached to you, let him be accursed. 9 As we have said before, so now I say again: If anyone is preaching to you a gospel contrary to the one you received, let him be accursed. Galatians 1:6-9 ESV The Quran's Affirmation of the Bible As the Quran (as well as the Bible) affirms, God's Word cannot be changed. So, Jesus appears to have had four brothers, namely James, Joseph, Simon and Judas. It also indicates that Jesus had sisters, but it does not give a specific number. The Bible is God's Word--and God's Word cannot be changed. Therefore, we must conclude that the Quran is not the Word of God, and that is why Christians do not accept it as such. If you accept what the Bible says about itself, specifically that it is "God-breathed" (2 Timothy 3:16) and that its authors were "carried along by the Holy Spirit" (2 Peter 1:21) as they wrote, then it follows that we would want as accurate a translation as possible. I would also suggest the Analytical-Literal Translation of the New Testament. We basically used it as the answer key when we were translating Greek. Recite what has been revealed to thee of the Book of thy Lord; no man can change His words. Apart from Him, thou wilt find no refuge. S. 18:27 Arberry Also, the Old Testament is not merely a bunch of rules. On the contrary, it is filled with stories of God's faithfulness, God's ways, God's purposes, God's power, God's mercy, God's justice, God's plan, and God's heart. So, is there any specific projection of when Bible translation into all the languages of the world (~6,000) will be complete? In response to the question of whether he had eaten of the fruit, Adam blames Eve and even tries to implicate God in it, since He brought her to him. He had a chance to take responsibility, but he failed in that and reverted to the blame game. Now, it is true that there are minor copyist errors in the original manuscripts from which translations are made. However, I have personally cataloged every variant in the first eight chapters of John and looked into this issue a fair amount, and I can confidently assert that the variances do not have any significant impact on the meaning of the text.