The British, realizing the vulnerability of the Gulf coast, sailed away from New Orleans to American-occupied Spanish-owned Mobile Bay. The Second Battle of Fort Bowyer (February 7-12, 1815) was the last land battle between the British and Americans.* It was the beginning of a British campaign to take Mobile from the Americans. Despite Jackson's boast that "ten thousand men cannot take it," the fort surrendered to the British after a five-day siege. With Fort Bowyer captured, the British prepared to march on Mobile itself. They postponed their attack upon receiving news of the Treaty of Ghent, and they withdrew from the area altogether when they learned that the American Senate had ratified the treaty on February 16. The War of 1812 had six official endings: one for at land and five for at sea. The Treaty of Ghent states: "All hostilities both by sea and land shall cease as soon as this Treaty shall have been ratified by both parties as hereinafter mentioned." The American Senate ratified the treaty on February 16th, 1815, making this the earliest defensible date for the end of the war. If the river is a barrier, you can be hemmed in against it. If your enemy is the one hemmed in, they also have a defense on at least one side, preventing you from surrounding them. If your enemy has notice of your approach and are on your side of the river, they can cross the river first, and then use verse 4 against you. If your enemy is on the far side of the river, and they have notice of your approach, they can deny your attack. If they don't have time to cross, they can use the river as a defense against encirclement (verse 3). If you meet the enemy as they begin to cross, they may halt their crossing, preventing the attack. They may fire at you from the far shore. If you let only as much of the enemy force as you can handily defeat, cross the river, you can easily defeat them while the reinforcements attempt to cross to their comrades. This is a form of "divide and conquer." Yes, they did. Not all, but a very many, especially the more veteran soldiers. I don't have time to get sources together, but will when I do. Reasons were varied. These three verses are generally thought to be supportive of one another. Others believed that an enemy soldier could sneak up behind, in hand-to-hand combat, and use the leverage of the helmets front lip with the strap and break the neck using the back edge. Having worn a 'steel pot' in my earliest army time, I will say the number one thing about it, by far is it is heavier than any other hat I ever wore on my head. When running, whether or not the chin strap was properly fastened, that pot would rock forward and back and side to side, taking my head with it, such that I was forced to use a hand to keep it in place regardless of the strap! Now, considering that the original strap was just a strip of some material that was itchy and scratchy, I can easily understand why soldiers wouldn't want it done up. Even the later straps, like I used, made of nylon and cotton webbing, would be quite the sweat magnet and end up very rough. The British, realizing the vulnerability of the Gulf coast, sailed away from New Orleans to American-occupied Spanish-owned Mobile Bay. The Second Battle of Fort Bowyer (February 7-12, 1815) was the last land battle between the British and Americans.* It was the beginning of a British campaign to take Mobile from the Americans. Despite Jackson's boast that "ten thousand men cannot take it," the fort surrendered to the British after a five-day siege. The War of 1812 had six official endings: one for at land and five for at sea. The Treaty of Ghent states: "All hostilities both by sea and land shall cease as soon as this Treaty shall have been ratified by both parties as hereinafter mentioned." The American Senate ratified the treaty on February 16th, 1815, making this the earliest defensible date for the end of the war. Of course, why had Denmark-Norway signed this treaty with Russia in the first place? Well, that certainly had something to do with power. It's an issue of ultimate versus proximate causes. * There were some isolated skirmishes between American forces and British-allied Native Americans after peace had been declared, but these were of less significance. Some believed that being close to over-pressure events (artillery, etc) could cause a head injury with the large helmet being force up and the tough leather strap breaking the neck. This was supported by more than one army regiment actually giving written orders to their men to not buckle up. If your enemy has notice of your approach and are on your side of the river, they can cross the river first, and then use verse 4 against you. If your enemy is on the far side of the river, and they have notice of your approach, they can deny your attack. If they don't have time to cross, they can use the river as a defense against encirclement (verse 3). Yes, they did. Not all, but a very many, especially the more veteran soldiers. I don't have time to get sources together, but will when I do. Reasons were varied. Finally, one of the biggest reasons, directly related to the weight (did I say it is VERY heavy?) was that a soldier would want to remove it whenever and wherever possible, as soon as possible. Figuring that soldiers, even those in the front lines, spend most of their time not actually fighting, but standing, sitting, waiting, marching, being trucked here and there, would tire of constantly doing and undoing the pain in the ass d-ring connections.