Unfortunately, we cannot ask Hitler about that and he didn't leave any written notices about his reasons. So every answer to that question is a speculation and I've seen a number of such speculations. The only war participant where it is hard to say anything are the United States. They had economical reasons to participate but it is unclear whether the USA would have found a different pretense to join the war had Germany not declared unlimited submarine warfare and thus hurt US trade directly. Poland was worried that Germany would again discuss this border after reunification. So the Treaty on the Final Settlement with Respect to Germany from 1990-09-12 once again states explicitly that Germany recognizes its existing border to Poland (German text of the treaty, see Artikel 1, (2)). But even this treaty doesn't describe the border - it simply refers to the existing border because at that point this border was simply a fact. 1 The citation is to : Gannon, Robert, "What Really Sank the Titanic," Popular Science, vol. 246, no. 2 (February 1995), pp. 49-55. The RFA article is an interview with one of the researchers who starts out skeptical. I don't know the bias of RFA but the interview is unsettling. I could have quoted more, but the quotes above were sufficient to unnerve me. Although Quayle is the punch lines of many jokes, he had served with distinction, and had been elected with significant margins; those are strong positives for a Vice Presidential Candidate. I need to finish with the same disclaimer - I'm not taking a position on international relations; I'm not qualified. I'm trying to boil down the Wikipedia page into something a bit more understandable. Implicitly Britain acknowledges Chinese rule over Tibet. That means that both of the countries involved agreed that Tibet was part of China. In short the man had the ability to deliver votes, the ability to deliver votes from a key constituency, and some experience to bring to the ticket. He wasn't an entirely irrational choice given what was known at the time. Theoretically, wars are still supposed to be declared. To quote the Hague Convention III of 1907: Of course there is also a different approach to the whole situation: in addition to the "official" reasons each country had its own interests. Especially France despite being invaded by Germany cannot claim that the war was forced upon them: the French were looking for a chance to take back Alsace-Lorraine ever since their defeat in the Franco-Prussian war. So France would have happily declared war on Germany hadn't Germany done so first, it's beyond doubt that France wouldn't have stayed neutral. The only war participant where it is hard to say anything are the United States. They had economical reasons to participate but it is unclear whether the USA would have found a different pretense to join the war had Germany not declared unlimited submarine warfare and thus hurt US trade directly. 1) The German government didn't define any borders in the Warsaw Treaty, it didn't have any possibility to do that. It merely accepted that the already existing border is the western border of Poland. Changing the current border line was not possible.