In short, I don't think any kind of perceived recognition is the primary reason for close voting, as the majority of the close votes I've seen are on questions that actually need to be closed. Unless this changes dramatically, I don't see any reason to change what little recognition/blame people do get for voting to close. Yes, moderators can change your profile picture if we need to. Before the recent feature change that allowed users to upload a picture directly, we could edit a user's email address to temporarily force Gravatar to generate a default image. Now that users can directly upload a picture, moderators have the ability to change this setting on other user's profile as well. If you see a NSFW picture being used as an avatar, flag one of their posts for moderator attention and we'll take a look. I mean to change it, not just to look at NSFW pics. The question doesn't show up at the top of the results, and this is even after I added the feature-request and reputation-graph tags to my question. Would it be possible to increase the weight of title text in searches (maybe just on Meta)? I know that this is fundamentally user error, but it seems like placing exact title matches at the very top of search results could alleviate some of these duplicates. 

I think you need to try to understand that having quality standards is what makes Stack Exchange sites better than competing sites like Yahoo! Answers. The communities have a say in what goes into the FAQ, they make the content, and they elect the moderators. If there's a specific question that gets closed that shouldn't be, the community has the power to override even a moderator's decision and reopen it. 

Another improvement would be to directly show the edit diff there, not just the post itself. This would make it quicker to see what the edit actually changed. A dedicated interface for reviewing edits would be far more effective, and we already have one for the suggested edits, so all the needed parts should already be there. There are certainly ways to abuse editing and avoid these flags, but I think we can rely on the community to notice users that abuse this on a large scale. 

This is the one mechanism that is not primarily used for the reputation denial. But it is still a confusing mechanism that doesn't really serve any useful purpose. I don't think anyone would miss it if it were simply removed. A failed migration like that is very confusing to the user asking the question in the first place, and also unnecessary work for the moderators of both sites, as they have to coordinate to clear the migration history and delete the migrated question. 

From this data a citation looking something like the following should be generated: The guidelines from SE used to be that we moderators should wait for 24 hours and not immediately delete the account. This is supposed to give the users some time to reconsider, as the request for deletion is often made during some heated dispute. And deletion is not reversible, SE developers can piece together most parts of a deleted account, but that is a manual and incomplete process. Make the minor edit detection automatic, not a checkbox The determination which edits are minor should be entirely automated, avoiding the additional clutter of an extra checkbox on the edit page. I think it should be possible to define a few simple rules that determine whether an edit is minor. Some changes would be confusing, changing reputation levels independent from the design for example could easily confuse users as they can't easily tell if a site has beta reputation levels or graduated ones. 

Would it be possible to increase the weight of title text in searches (maybe just on Meta)? I know that this is fundamentally user error, but it seems like placing exact title matches at the very top of search results could alleviate some of these duplicates. 

That's what closing is. You can revise it using the tips from the comments, then five votes from the community (or one from a moderator) will reopen your question. 

In short, I don't think any kind of perceived recognition is the primary reason for close voting, as the majority of the close votes I've seen are on questions that actually need to be closed. Unless this changes dramatically, I don't see any reason to change what little recognition/blame people do get for voting to close. 

Link-only answers shouldn't get an automatic delete vote. If they should, then this could be scripted. When you go to /review the note under Low Quality Posts says "Identify, then improve or delete low-quality posts." You always have the option to improve the post by clicking 'Edit' instead of delete. 

(Also: downvotes are still quite rare on Stack Overflow, so I'd say about 90% of the time, when you see a score, it is pure upvotes.) There is no such method at this time, but I have been in contact with Google about this matter, and they are aware of our request. It's possibly something we could do on demand (as @hmemcpy notes), but as an "always displayed" it is a non-starter. 

edit: they have a simple link sharing method now, but it's only for whitelisted providers. We are whitelisted for the time being. 

EDIT: Jarrod implemented displaying total up/down votes today. This is currently deployed to meta and will be deployed to other sites in the evening PST later today. Simply click on the vote number itself to show up/down vote totals. Requires 1000 rep. 

So to display it on every post would incur 2 vote table queries * number of visible questions / answers. Our DB is fast, but the vote table is pretty massive, and not doing a query is always faster than doing it..