Interestingly, in Old English, presuppositionally 'marked' yes/no questions could still be introduced by the wh+Q-word hw+aether (a direct ancestor of our present-day whether) that could be transparently analyzed as the wh+Q- operator (spelt hw- at the time) plus a determiner, either, that introduced a proposition with the canonical structure of a positive statement (as in E. Closs Traugott's example [HES, p. 73] Hwaether ge nu secan gold on treowum? = 'Is it (really) true, or false (as I believe), that you now seek gold in trees?'), which made the logical structure of all OE questions, both polarity-focused and non-polarity-focused, look more uniform than it seems in Modern English (although, of course, we still have whether, possibly followed by or not, introducing 'indirect' polarity questions with the syntactic SVX form of statements (= propositions). 

Sentence (5) would require just overt V-Raising of usando into the Infl head immediately above, but, if that is how it is derived, something must explain why usando must rise in (5) but not in (1), and the derivation of (1-4) might prove more complex than it seems. 

The reason why presumably no human language has an interrogative word like whon? meaning what-on (< on what?, after 'P-stranding', a very rare feature of English) is that, as Katz & Postal in their (1964) book argued, a) the wh+Q- morpheme behaves as an interrogative determiner, b) what wh+Q- 'determines' is necessarily a (pro)nominal element (i.e., it cannot be a 'predicate', say a preposition - or a verb, for that matter), and c) what the wh+Q- operator correspondingly 'questions' is the identity of a) a human individual, as in who (approximately analysable as the surface form of *wh+he), or b) a non-human individual or substance, as in what (approximately the surface form of *wh+it), or c) a time interval, as in when (the surface form of *wh+en), or d) a place, as in where (< wh+ere), or e) a way of doing things - as in how (roughly, < *wh+(s)o)), or,finally, f) a reason for doing things, as in why (< wh+y), basically. In sum: what can carry an interrogative wh+Q- determiner is, at bottom, an NP/DP or an equivalent pro-form (which may happen to be a 'bound morpheme') denoting an 'entity' (an 'object' in Frege's sense), and, since a preposition does not denote an 'object', it cannot carry a wh+Q operator. (In this, I fully agree with Eleshar's answer above). Note that the (informal) Logical Forms of Who wrote Hamlet?, When was Shakespeare born? Where was Shakespeare born?, etc. are, respectively, Which x, x = a human being, Wrote (x, Hamlet), Which x, x = an interval of time, Was Born (Shakespeare, at/in x), and Which x, x = a place, Was Born (Shakespeare, in x)]. 

Well, of course, syntactically they are adjuncts (i.e., not subjects or complements), but, semantically, they unquestionably express 'time' and 'duration' circumstances, and, in principle, you could perfectly well claim that they also 'discharge' roles, in this case TIME and DURATION, perhaps. 

The former view (although defended, in the 1920’s and 30’s by no less a grammarian than Jespersen) was considered absolutely untenable for many syntactic and semantic reasons I cannot review here. There, thus, remained the latter option, i.e., that S was simply an expansion of the VP (and, ultimately, of the finite verb). 

1) Why should it be 'economical' to make a 'copy' of Y if the 'original' Y is already there (in the object {X, Y}) and whatever the computational system may have had to do to Y (possibly nil, if 'no tampering' holds, a highly dubious hypothesis) has already been done to it when the {X, Y} object was formed at the previous 'external Merge' stage? Or, in other words, why doesn't 'internal Merge' violate Economy? 

Although such subordinate gerunds must allow passivisation and, therefore, be at least two-place, it is clear that they need not be ‘transitive’ in the strict sense of taking direct objects, because dyadic verbs taking prepositional, instead of direct object complements (e.g., look at x), can also receive passive interpretations after need, etc. (cf.The ignition needs looking at). The appropriate descriptive generalisation, then, seems to be that gerunds of ‘active’ (= non-stative) two-place verbs can receive passive interpretations when they complement verbs like need or deserve.