which is not a terribly convenient way to express the same thing, but it is still equivalent so long as we list all Scots, and no person (or thing) which is not a Scot. The ∀ symbol is more powerful in this way — it allows us to express a notion Especially in the last case, ∀ allows us to potentially express something which is true about a collection which is infinite, or whose extent we do not yet know. But even so, the way in which it behaves is very much like a logical 'AND' of the same property, across all of the objects in the "domain of discourse". What systems of inference rules (i.e. what formal systems of logic) seem to be robust to the Liar Paradox? But predicate logic also involves things called "quantifiers", which are written " ∀ " and " ∃ ". They're called the "universal quantifier" and the "existential quantifier", and have some sort of connection to sentences starting with every X, any X, some X, and no X, where X is some noun like "person", "pie", and so-on. How do we use them to describe statements like "No true Scot adds anything to their porridge", "One of the people in this room is a murderer", or "I'm the one and only Elvis Presley"? A novel or unusual experience may change elements of the inner structure or chemical balance of the brain, and thereby influence how things are perceived, but they do not consist themselves of propositions upon which logic may be brought to bear — and to be seen to fail. It is the conceptions — the way in which one fits one's experiences into a framework of experience in order to make sense of the world — with which one may attempt to reason logically, so the qualia in themselves cannot necessitate a change in one's logical mode of reasoning. They may motivate a change in how one theorizes about the world — the assumptions and hypotheses that one entertains, the questions that one regards as interesting — but this is different from changing what one considers to be the structure of a logical argument. Logic is just the way that one tries to combine ideas to extract the consequences of those ideas, in a way which preserves the truth of those ideas — and we have so far found that, in practise, one can change the ideas with which one reasons without changing the logic with which one tries to reason about them. What we mean by the size depends on what we want from structure Infinities in mathematics are a notorious source of counter-intuitive results. The reason why is because our intuitions are built upon structure; and cardinality — the most primitive notion of the "size" of a collection — ignores many forms of structure which we consider important. All A are B: ∀x: (x:A) ⇒ (x:B) or "I am Elvis Presley, and anyone who is not me is not Elvis Presley". We can simplify this logically (albeit at the cost of making it slightly perverse phrasing in normal speech) by taking the contrapositive in the second part: Expanding on my comment concerning the apparent source of absurdity in the Gentle Murder Paradox, I think that the apparent absurdity of the Gentle Muyrder Paradox arises from the transgressive behaviour premised in "you will kill someone", and that this is unavoidable. I'd argue that in this case, propositions have multidimensional value — social acceptability/transgressiveness, in addition to truth/falsehood (where "OBx" simply transforms the social value of x to a logical value regarding social normatives) — and that it also arises because there is a sense in which social obligations can hold with greater or lesser force.