The origin of Islam, and the relationship between it and Judaism is easily researchable. Here's a good place to start: http://www.allaboutreligion.org/origin-of-islam.htm 

The Bible gives no mention of human ancestors, and specifically states in the Genesis account that God created Adam and Eve rather than that they evolved from a proto-human ancestor, so the answer to "Is there Biblical Evidence" is "no". 

As for individual technological advancement, Scripture is silent. On general, it's how we choose to use technology that can be addressed Scripturally. The same computer that can be used to steal or view pornography can be used to share medical knowledge and save lives. The technology is neither good not evil in and of itself. 

From http://www.equip.org/articles/eyewitness-to-jesus-amazing-new-manuscript-evidence-about-the-origin-of-the-gospels/ 

Assuming that God is who the Bible claims He is (a core assumption of Christianity), then He is all-knowing... 

According to the rules of this site, anyone can call themselves a Christian, and we act as if that is the case. So for the purposes of this site, yes. 

Then yes, Biblical advice can absolutely help an unbeliever. In addition to pointing to God, and Christ as savior, the Bible is chock full of wisdom that is applicable to daily life. If God loves us (as the Bible says He does), then He will give us good advice, and instructions that are for our own good. His wisdom is good, regardless of whether not an individual believes it. 

The Bible says nothing directly about technological advancement. It neither condemns nor condones. The closest you could come to a Biblical statement is the story of the Tower of Babel, in which mankind advances and God intervenes to set us back a bit, for the sole purpose of restraining us. (verses 6-8 below) 

The question is whether or not they will choose to follow Biblical advice and apply it. Plenty of people will reject even the best advice, if it comes from a source they don't agree with. 

9 Therefore is the name of it called Babel; because the Lord did there confound the language of all the earth: and from thence did the Lord scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earth. 

N/A. "If so" clearly isn't the case. The Bible is essential to Christianity today. The events described in it happened thousands of years ago, and if we didn't have this Book of history, recorded exactly the way God intended, and preserved to the present day, we'd have no solid foundation for our faith. We'd have a million different views on God (as we do today) without the one source of Truth that the Scriptures provide, as a plumb-line against which to measure the truth of the various teachings. 

Being born of water refers to natural birth, which everyone goes through and being born of the spirit refers to the gift of the Holy Spirit imparted at the time of salvation. 

2 And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar; and they dwelt there. 

Christianity sprang from Judaism, and Judaism and Islam share common roots. All three are known as "Abrahamic religions" because they trace their history to the covenant God made with Abraham in the Hebrew Bible. All of the events you listed were from before Abraham. 

I suspect that many who reject the theory do so for the same reasons. 

Assuming again, that the Bible is God's word, given to us by His divine inspiration, and preserved through time (again, a core assumption of Christianity)... 

All are covered on the page I linked to. 

6 And the Lord said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language; and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do. 

4 And they said, Go to, let us build us a city and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven; and let us make us a name, lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth. 

As for "playing God", that isn't a good fit for the site because the definition of "playing God" is different for different people and groups. I will go no further than to say that clearly, the Bible is not opposed to medicine and following medical guidelines to save and protect lives. For example, many of the Old Testament laws were designed to protect the people from disease. 

Also, while less specific, faithfacts says... 

Not only this, but the first-century fragment is from Mark’s Gospel. Before the discovery of this fragment, the oldest manuscript that had Mark in it was P45, from the early third century (c. AD 200–250). This new fragment would predate that by 100 to 150 years. 

I don't know about evidences of others calling them the four Gospels (not sure that's exactly what your last sentence is asking), but there is first century manuscript evidence for at least some of the Gospels. 

Whether the tradition started at the time of Moses, with those who were actually in the wilderness with him, or if the authorship was attributed to him later, the argument still remains that Mosaic authorship had been accepted by those who were much closer in time to the actual events than the later critics.