The gods would hear my plea and send the help that I'd been waiting for all along. The help that would revive the flame that almost died inside me. 

I've written a couple of short stories. I'm really satisfied with some of them, and I would like to turn them into full-length novels. They were meant to be short stories from the beginning, but I feel I can still add more stuff to them (e.g. some part needed more details, and I didn't develop the characters enough). I'm asking this because I wrote a novel with 40K words, but somehow I feel it would sell more, or at least be more like a "novel" if I add stuff until it's 50K (I checked on Amazon and most best-sellers are 60K+). Now, the stuff I'm adding isn't entirely unnecessary: they fix some plot holes and add some background to the characters. Still, the novel reads just fine with the 40K. 

Can it be enjoyable to date a girl/boy who doesn't talk? 

The whole thing sounded a bit strange. How had she gotten my number anyway? I didn't know anyone called Maria. Is it a bad idea to turn a short story into a full-length novel? (Is there any author who has been doing this?) 

A is the hero, B is the heroine and C is the girl who is in love with A (the plot isn't that cliched. I'm just trying to simplify here). 

If the answer is no, well, then go on. 

Is it really necessary to add things like "I thought, I wondered, etc," in first-person narrative? 

I'm writing a novel with the following structure (I'm not very sure what's the technical term): 

My morning classes had just ended, and I was eating at the university's cafeteria / Two days had passed after the incident in the Forensics Department. My morning classes had just ended and I was eating at the university's cafeteria... Chapter Three (based on the POV of Character B) Have you faced this dilemma before? Which option you practice, and why you think it's better than the other? 

So I don't think you can code or design a novel. You can only write a novel. The closest thing to what you are describing are surreal novels. I recommend you The Wind Up Bird Chronicles by Haruki Murakami. In the novel, he breaks many standard plot devices and things get pretty surreal (naked women appear out of nowhere and wells act as passage to the realm of dreams). But somehow he does all this without making you feel anything supernatural has happened. And even stranger, he makes you feel as if everything were connected. Some people also label this magical realism. Chapter Two (based on the POV of Character A): A hears about B for the first time 

The first place I decided to visit was the Forensics Department / I decided to visit the Forensics Department in February, as soon as the semester began... For instance, If I write a novel which has the following: 

I'll finish the editing a bit faster. So the question actually is: Do you want to write a novel that MOST people would like? (PS: If you write the novel and many people like it, then I retract what I said.) 

Well, in the example, the story is totally made up, and I haven't read or heard any story with the same plot (maybe someone has written something similar). Sometimes I find my self wondering if the events in my novels are 'realistic enough.' I aware that they don't need to happen in real life, but I want the reader to think: oh yeah, this could happen in real life.