5 For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many. There is more in the original article, but in summary, the Biblical argument is based on both the meaning of the original Greek word, and also from evidence inferred, but not directly stated in Scripture. The same goes with phony worship. In fact, idolatry angers God, again and again in Scripture we see this. The opposite of anger is joy, so, it seems to me that our proper worship must bring him joy. Even if that's not specifically stated, it seems strongly implied. Suffering increases faith, encourages reliance on God, and destroys pride. In short, pain makes you stronger and better. It refines us as a fire refines fine metals: 13 But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved. There's an article here that goes into depth, but in short, a lie is a lie is a lie. Suggested reading: http://www.learnthebible.org/convictions.html The "Modern Gospel" as he calls it, is one of life enhancement. Sinners are promised that God can heal their broken marriage, fix their drug problems, alcohol problems, and so forth. The "Modern Gospel" is, according to Comfort, a misguided attempt to make Christianity appealing by showing how much better the Christian life is than that of the unsaved. 34 And Jesus saith unto them, How many loaves have ye? And they said, Seven, and a few little fishes. On the other hand, worship and sacrifice do not please Him if offered with the wrong motivation, heart, and love. He is more interested in our love, obedience, and faith than in the "things" we give. Offerings are meaningless in and of themselves. If we go by direct statement, no, the Bible never explicitly states women should serve in active combat. However, as Affable points out, there are plenty of things Scripture doesn't condemn directly that we can assume are wrong by using principles based on extrapolation of direct statements and precedent, in a legal sense. And since the question asked "or precedent", here's one: There's a very common teaching on what's called "soul ties". 9 Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted, and shall kill you: and ye shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake. Also, the book of Job is a pretty good example of someone that God loves, suffering because God allowed it. We are reminded in that story that God is sovereign, and that He allows suffering for His purposes. After several searches through various translations, I was unable to find any verse that specifically states that our worship brings God "joy". However, this doesn't necessarily mean that it doesn't bring Him joy. The overwhelming weight of Scripture implies that our worship (more specifically, our proper worship) pleases Him. 45 Who then is a faithful and wise servant, whom his lord hath made ruler over his household, to give them meat in due season? There is no specific Biblical precedent for such a claim - at least not in your example. But there is also no Biblical reason to refute such a claim, either. (Unless the claim is a direct contradiction of clear Biblical teaching.) 10 And then shall many be offended, and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another. That said, I think the rest of this answer falls in that line between the two. 27 For as the lightning cometh out of the east, and shineth even unto the west; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be. One possible explanation for the reaction is a a gut reaction to what's perceived as a violation of our first amendment rights by those who are working to remove all references to Christianity in public places. That's more of a political issue, however, and I don't want to expand on it here, other than to say that this is one reason she may have said it's anti-Christian. For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witness, blasphemies: There is definitely precedent: As Christians, we should be following the example set by Christ, who gave thanks before feeding the multitudes in Matthew 14:19-21 and Matthew 15:34-36. He also did so in Luke 24:30. Telling a Nazi soldier that there are no Jews hidden in your attic is not a white lie, but a deliberate choice between the lesser of two evils. From The Origin of Sunday and Wednesday Evening Services However, the Bible DOES say that what we say is important for many reasons. To list just the first two: The rest of the teaching expands on the proper use of the Law, particularly the The pedagogical use (although he doesn't use that term in the teaching), which is to show sinners what sin is, to show them that they are, indeed, sinners, and show them their need of a Savior, and allow repentance. Without the Law, He argues (as does the Apostle Paul), sinners don't even know what sin is. How can they repent, if they don't know what sin is? Lying to save your own skin never qualifies as a "white lie" either. The Bible doesn't directly address "swear words" as we use the term. When the Bible has the word "swear", it is usually a translation of a word meaning "take an oath". 29 He told them this parable: “Look at the fig tree and all the trees. 30 When they sprout leaves, you can see for yourselves and know that summer is near. 31 Even so, when you see these things happening, you know that the kingdom of God is near. 4 Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth: 19 Then shalt thou be pleased with the sacrifices of righteousness, with burnt offering and whole burnt offering: then shall they offer bullocks upon thine altar.