First, to answer the specific question "What is a continuation bet?" If you are the aggressor preflop and then are the first to bet on the flop, the bet you made on the flop is a "Continuation Bet." It is called this because had the initiative preflop and are now continuing your aggression postflop. Continuation bets aren't only made on the flop. If you raised the flop and then bet the turn, you've made a continuation bet on the turn. That is all that a continuation bet is -- the questions of what its purpose is and when to do it are much harder to answer. 

There is a special circumstance which commonly arises in poker that might seem like a reason to bet, but really is just a combination of #1 and #2. That is to force your opponent to surrender his equity in the pot, especially when neither of you have anything. This is one of the most common reasons to make a continuation bet. Consider: Assuming your opponent doesn't have an Ace, you both have garbage hands. Even though both of you have garbage hands, you still both have a certain ammount of equity in the pot. How much depends on your opponent's actual holding. For the sake of argument, let's suppose he has 6h5h. You have the best hand for now, but he has about 6 outs, not counting any redraws. According to the rule of 2 & 4, he has about 25% Equity in this pot, leaving you with 75% equity. If you bet and he folds, he surrenders that Equity to you. If the pot is $100 right now, he is essentially giving you $25 by folding. For Value: A bet for value is made when you want a call from a worse hand. To Force An Incorrect Fold: Akin to bluffing, this kind of bet is made when you want your opponent to fold their hand when, if they could see your hand, they would not fold. To Force Your Opponent To Surrender Their Equity In The Hand: See below for an explanation. Almost every bet in poker has either a Value or Bluff component to it, or both. Since you can never have perfect knowledge about your opponents' holdings unless they show their hands down, many times when you bet for Value you also want a few folds as well, and vice versa. 

In order to answer that question why you do it, I think it's best if we first start by thinking about why we make bets in poker to begin with. There are really only 3 reasons to bet in poker: You have KTo on the Button in a No-Limit Holdem game where everybody has 100 BB stacks. One player opens for a limp, and you raise on the button to 5x the BB. The blinds fold, and the limper calls. The flop come A72, rainbow. Your opponent checks to you, and you are confident that he has a very weak hand. What should you do? From this we can see that given the fact that we never have perfect information our opponents' holdings, every bet we make in poker has some Value and/or some Bluff component in it. Especially in cases where the opponent's range is heavily weighted toward hands that have no absolute value, we also gain by forcing them to surrender their equity. Those cases are classic examples of when a continuation bet should be made.