There are also verses where "the book" is used in the same way that "the prophethood" is used, i.e. as a more general concept, e.g. verses 29:27 and 57:26. 

God may change the rules and this is clear from Quran. You can ask the same question regarding the rules sent to Moses and Jews and the Islamic rules that are narrated in Quran. Sometimes some extra rules are added to the laws as a punishment that makes the laws harder (because people have disobeyed God). Other times the situation changes so the rule also needs to change. None of this means that the rules were not right or just at the time they were given. If a verse comes later and changes a law it is not problematic or inconsistent. An explicit example is change of Qibla. Historical athentecity Muslims believe that there has been no error in Quran as revealed to the prophet and that prophet made no mistake in exactly presenting it to the people as it was revealed to him. During the time of the prophet, he was present and was the main reference for Quran. There wasn't a compiled written copy during his time. I assume that this is not the part you are asking about. Your question is about how well what was stated by the prophet is preserved from his time up to today. In short, I haven't seen any philosophical or theological argument saying God preserves Quran which is not stated by Jews also. After him the history becomes a little bit complicated. Scholars agree that Ali (PBUH), unarguably the closest person to the prophet and the fourth Sunni Caliph and first Shia Imam, had a created a written copy by 6 moths after the prophet's death. But that was a private copy. The main reference for Quran among people were the people who memorized the whole Quran. 

This is also a weak argument to me. God can guide whomever he want however he wants. He doesn't need to follow what some people might think he should. 

On the other hand there are verses that mention "books" like verses 2:285, 4:136, 66:12, and 98:3. There are also verses where "the book" is mentioned in addition to other books like Torah and Injil e.g. verses 3:3, 3:48, 5:110, 3:184. The negative one is the love of Potiphar's wife towards Prophet Joseph which is narrated extensively in the middle part of the sura Yosuf starting at verse 12:23. Regarding the verse 2:106. If you look at the context, in that part Quran is talking about the people of the book, verses 2:105-106 are as follows: So, [O Muhammad], We have only made Qur'an easy in the Arabic language that you may give good tidings thereby to the righteous and warn thereby a hostile people. Another very important thing is that understanding Quran in next stage after language, needs a clear heart. So anyone which can read Quran in Arabic does not mean that he/she understands it well. Please see [56:79] But why Arabic? I have 3 experiences, Arabic, Persian and English. But the Persian and English translation does not have any effect on my heart! you say why? because the translated one is no longer in it's original harmonic provided by God and also consider you want to drink water and compare drinking with a glass or with a plate and a spoon. The water is same but the structure which keeps the water is very important. In same way, I think Arabic structure and grammar can traverse more information and feel with always fresh optimized words and sentence length. Please see also [19:97] 

This, however, does not explicitly endorse the existence of aliens there. We can only argue like this: Since the most distinguishing feature of earth is life, other earths may have some form of life too. 

Some scholars understand from the following verse that there exist seven earths as well: 

Islahi writes in his exegesis of Surah Jathiyah (see page 7): "The Qur’an is a bearer of warning and glad tidings for this Day [of Judgement]. It says that the manner in which people wake up from sleep,...,in the same manner mankind will be made to rise one day from their graves." For detailed article see Belief in the Hereafter In short, the surah has been revealed thus to preserve the direction of discourse. 

Yes, what they taught was not magic. It is evident from the words of the verse you quoted: It mentions two thing joined by conjunction 'and': Other similar translations are: The referenced article further mentions: It is God who created the seven heavens and the same number of earths. 65:12 witchcraft i.e. magic that which was sent down to Harut and Marut Grammatically speaking, the two things being joined by coordinating conjunction 'and' should have some difference. This rule is usually phrased by Arabic grammarians as: