Moreover, the attempts at the battlefield victory were so costly, that the Western allies did not even consider it an option by the start of WW2. 

Nixon is guilty A private citizen is a subject to impeachment The Belknap episode (a Secretary of War resigned and was nevertheless impeached by Representatives but acquitted by Senate) created a precedent of 8 (eight) 

A greenhouse requires glass (or, these days, plastic). This is fairly expensive, especially 90 years ago, especially in Russia. They make sense when land is scarce and any measure to improve its productivity pays. 

Despite the general perception of "German efficiency", the 3d Reich was far from efficient, in part due to Hitler's tendency to encourage competition by giving the same task to several people. One example is the existence of the Waffen-SS, which grew from three regiments to over 38 divisions (another being Luftwaffe Field Divisions). 

Since history is commonly used to justify politics, it is extremely prone to ideological biases. You cannot trust even the primary sources - things written by the event participants. E.g., if you read the Soviet press on 1941 June 20, you will learn that the main war monger is Churchill, and if you read it on 1941 June 25, you will learn that the main war monger is Hitler. 

Given the totalitarian nature of the SU, information on such a blatant ethnic discrimination was not officially confirmed (duh!) and spreading it, in fact, could land one in jail. This accounts for the lack of "official sources". 

Thus by the time of Watergate it was a well established law that a private citizen cannot be impeached, so it was extraordinary unlikely that a 2/3 majority of Senate would vote "yes" on the second hurdle above. 

Q2: Is the sources for the text reliable? 

So why weren't early cars more aerodynamic? Well, here I can only speculate. First of all, a Model T's top speed was 40-45 mph, so the benefit of aerodynamics was limited. Secondly the roads were not good enough to allow that top speed anyway. And thirdly, as seen above, they probably thought aerodynamic cars was harder to make than was the case, and this means they didn't even try. The first company to use wind tunnels to try to make an aerodynamic car was allegedly Chrysler in 1930, which resulted in the 1934 Chrysler Airflow. 

No. Felix Goldberg in his answer explains well why it isn't reliable. In fact the claimed sources generally don't seem to exist. Also in one case it's claimed to be a speech, in another an interview, which casts further doubt on the text. 

He would probably have realized that they were more aerodynamic than a T-Ford. He would however likely been very surprised by the aerodynamics. For example, the main aerodynamic trick today is to make cars wedge-shaped. As seen from the cars linked above, the thinking a 100 years ago was that cars needed to be teardrop shaped or oval to be aerodynamic. That a wedge also works is somewhat counter-intuitive. 

Q1: Did Gorbachev betray his voters who voted for a return to Leninist ideals? 

As for the implied question of why they didn't do as badly as they did later (and earlier) the answer is that the 50's and early 60's in the Soviet Union was a period that saw: 

So whoever decided to wrote the original article was probably a dedicated anti-democratic communist, and decided to change the headline to something more controversial. Therefore, at a minimum we can conclude that the article as a whole isn't reliable, and that the claim that he wanted to destroy communism probably is falsified.