They would have learned Latin and Greek and learned the classical structures for writing speeches, such as Eulogy or Apologia. The Gettysburg Address is an example of a Eulogy. 

Mitt Romney is not a declared candidate for president. The length after a declaration to the presidency is always roughly 18 months, but the portion of campaigns after declaration have been going on a few months longer recently as well. The earliest declared candidacy in recent memory is Hillary Clinton in the 2008 campaign. She declared in late January 2007, so if she had won the primary, she would have been declared for a total of around 21 months. 

The most important difference is the way the creators of books, speeches and historical accounts view the people that will read it. According to Dominic Strinati in "An Introduction to Theories of Popular Culture" there are three ways to divide art by its audience: folk art, high art and popular culture. In the late 19th century, art movements started to address art to be created for the "peasants" or the "volk." The early 20th century included many disputes about mass media creating low brow mass culture. 

Reference: Judith S. Trent. Political Campaign Communication. Principles and Practice. 5th Edition. 

For clarity: I'm asking because I was able to uncover a lot of material that seems to suggest that the usage became quite common later in the 19th century, although this seems unusual to me for the 18th century. I am interested obviously how a term with a long history of usage by white Americans could be transferred to American Indians, that's not part of this of question. 

Columbia appears in the poetry of African-American Phillis Wheatley in 1776 during the revolutionary war: 

These predictable Surfacing activities include: building political organization, fundraising, many kinds of speaking arrangements, awareness raising of the candidate, especially in a attempt to capture the attention of the media, conducting opinion polls to assess visibility and help devise candidate position on issues and platform, and creating campaign blueprints. In this stage, the candidate conducts polls and raises funds to attempt to find out if they have a possibility to win. In the news, you will often see someone like Mitt Romney say he is never considering running one day and the next say he might be running. This is the reason. The Surfacing stage is often used in small or local elections, but due to the costs and time of continuous campaigning that is limited to only higher office. In other words, the local mayor is not always campaigning, even though they use the same strategy.