"As a user, I want any personal information I give (Company) to remain private and secure." 

This, I think, is the crux of your problem. Look into (and have your Development Manager look into) the 100% Utilization Fallacy. Did you complete your Sprint's stories? Yes. Did you provide value to your customer? No. 

There are so very many things wrong with that statement, from a Scrum perspective. I'll go through them in order. Epics are not estimated. They are far too large and nebulous to estimate accurately, so attempting to do so does nothing but give a false sense of schedule-security. Honestly, I'm not sure I'm seeing the problem. The primary purpose of a Scrum burndown chart is to measure and predict velocity, is it not? In which case, while the chart might not be pretty if most of the tasks are burned down in the last couple days, it's still going to be just as useful. As far as velocity planning in concerned, what happens day-to-day doesn't really matter - it's only the velocity for the full sprint that is important. The purpose of the Daily Scrum meeting is for the team to share with their team mates progress of work and planning for that day. And it is tightly time boxed. So, the entire focus should be on the Sprint backlog and on the people who are doing the work. 

There are 4 more items in the Nokia Test. However, you can go as far as your team finds it practical to do so. Designate a Product Owner, even if part-time: In Agile/Scrum teams, the concept of a self-organizing team and the notion that "the team owns all the stories, individuals don’t" is turning out to be difficult to communicate. I have seen lots of articles and many pages of text explaining this. 

Send some of your key people for Scrum training. Team size: Looks like you have 18 people. This is too large a team for good communication and collaboration. Try to split this into two teams. While splitting the teams, make them into feature teams, not component teams. Ideally, designate a Scrum Master and a Product Owner for each team. However, you may be able to work with a common Scrum Master for both teams as well as a common Product Owner. Avoid having sub-teams. Individual Development Team members may have specialized skills and areas of focus, but accountability belongs to the Development Team as a whole. This may be a slow process. But work towards this. Now to answer your specific question: 

Whoever is testing it, should do it within the iteration: 

Did you complete your Sprint's stories? Yes. Did you provide value to your customer? No. 

When a user attempts to contact a developer directly, simply instruct the developer to say "Thank you for bringing this to us. However, as per company procedure, I am not allowed to work on anything without it going through the Product Owner first. Please contact at [email/phone] with this issue if you wish it to be worked on." "As a user, I want any personal information I give (Company) to remain private and secure." 

Regarding having the stories burn down before they're accepted, I would caution against it. What if the validation fails? Would the story get burned back up again? Now that would make the chart hard to read! Alternately, you could bake it into your Definition of Done (see this answer). Note that the DoD is not a user story, task, nor epic in and of itself - it is a part of the acceptance criteria for stories. If your DoD contains sufficient security as a requirement, and you have a story that doesn't yet have that security, then the story cannot be considered as 'Done' (and thus burned down) until it meets the DoD requirements. 

It is not clear why you tagged it Scrum. Please refer to the Scrum Guide. "Self-organizing" does not mean uncontrolled You said: 

The purpose of the Daily Scrum meeting is for the team to share with their team mates progress of work and planning for that day. And it is tightly time boxed. So, the entire focus should be on the Sprint backlog and on the people who are doing the work. I believe your development team is grossly exceeding their bounds on the pretext of "Self-organizing". To cite a small example, the stakeholders now have to wait for, say, nine months to see the first demo of the project, instead of every two weeks. Good luck with your transition! Feel free to come back and ask additional questions here on PMSE. As pointed out by CodeGnome, velocity is always going to be a range. However, if you find that your velocity fluctuates a lot, here are some things to check and suggestions for improvement: 

Designate a Product Owner, even if part-time: There are 4 more items in the Nokia Test. However, you can go as far as your team finds it practical to do so. 

From Mike Cohn's blog on the Daily Scrum Meeting - ...many teams enforce a rule in which only those who are committed are allowed to talk during the daily scrum meeting. All team members are required to attend scrum meetings. Since both the ScrumMaster and product owner are committed team members, they are expected to attend and participate. Anyone else (for example, a departmental VP, a salesperson or a developer from another project) is allowed to attend, but is there only to listen. This makes scrum meetings an excellent way for a Scrum team to disseminate information -- if you're interested in hearing where things are at, attend that day's meeting.