There are a few high concentrations of "leveled" souls in the game, which can speed up your collection of grand-level souls. If you're level 39 or higher during the quest The Break of Dawn, all the Corrupted Shades in the temple will have Grand Souls. The magic anomalies you encounter during the Mage's Guild questline also carry soul gems and have leveled souls for trapping - being level 23 should cause them to create grand souls. 

Put the space core on the pedestal, and make an offering of 8 refined moonstone (moonstone ore might also be acceptable) and an iron helmet. Pull the lever, and out pops a shiny new helmet. It looks like you can pick up the Space Core again when this is finished, so it is not consumed in the process. 

Searching the UESP for the items may help you understand which quests these items belong to. For instance the Elder Scroll can be sold to the librarian at the College of Winterhold (Urag gro-Shub). The Gauldur Amulet Fragment and the Ivory Dragon Claw are part of the quest Forbidden Legend. 

Sneak skill gains are related to use of the skill, and major gains from backstabbing. Sneak attack sleeping enemies (Draugr are easy to find and frequently napping in their crypts). 

If you're farming low-quality souls to enchant junk items for skill increases, I'd follow a river and soul-trap mudcrabs - they're plentiful and easy to kill. Buying small soul gems (common or smaller) from court wizards ensures you'll always have a supply. Warlord Gathrik is the boss of Ironbind Barrow, and depending on your level, he may appear as a dragon priest, although he may also be a Draugr Deathlord instead. Leveling a skill gives you an amount of XP equivalent to the new level of the skill. The speed at which skill levels help you gain character levels is proportional to your current skill level - there's a certain amount of "character experience" you gain per skill experience level gained. Dwarven constructs (spiders, spheres, etc) have no souls or cannot be soul trapped. However, they sometimes carry soul gems, and these are occasionally already full. Summoned creatures can't be soul trapped, which is a change from previous Elder Scrolls games. 

Another factor that occurs to me is that gear is important - depending on at what point you max these trees, you might get a significant boost from alchemy, enchanting, and blacksmithing. If you hadn't invested in crafting skills by the time you were in the 30's or 40's, you've still got significant gains to be gotten from making/improving your own equipment. As I mentioned, your damage is based on your weapon damage, so being able to up that cheaply with blacksmithing is also a clear plus. Any time you can level this skill, you should think about doing so. 

Once you've got a fair bit of gold and the skills to make some decent gear, go run the assassin guild questline to get Shadowmere and the guild's torture room, which you can only buy once you've gotten to the end. You can abuse the torture victims to level your offensive skills. 

You can also level this easily with skill trainers, as money paid to them for skill training ends up in their inventory. Pay them to rank up a skill, and then pickpocket the gold back. Some skill trainers are also followers (the Companions come to mind immediately), so you can do a little of both if you so desire. There are a bunch of Atronach Forge recipies, I suggest consulting the UESP for the full list. Most of these powers are racial bonuses (including Battle Cry, which means you were playing as a Nord), which means your selection of race determines your "starting power." 

Crafting Skills: Smithing/Enchanting/Speech/Alchemy 

Since you're dealing with Alchemy, the amount of skill experience you gain is tied to the value of the items you create. If you want the fastest skill experience gains, craft the most expensive potions you can, regardless of their effects. For this, I'd recommend acquiring Giant Toes and mix them with Blue Mountain Flowers and Blue Butterfly Wings. Instead, you want to start by getting your 1-handed, archery, and light armor skills up. This isn't as challenging as it seems, since at early levels enemies aren't that difficult to dispatch. Draugr crypts are good for this sort of thing - once you know how to spot "active" Draugr, you can hit them before they wake to get a very high damage guaranteed stealth hit, which levels your Stealth and weapon skills very quickly. The UESP article on leveling has the formulae for this: To quickload, use F9 on the PC. (For reference, F5 is quicksave on the PC) There's an extensive list of powers and how to get them on the UESP site. 

From here you've got a lot of options, and what you tackle next mainly depends on what strikes your fancy. 

It's really, really hard to play as a ranged character in Skyrim, since it's pretty difficult to keep foes at range for any length of time. There are some Paralyze spells later in Alteration, but in general you should plan on being able to survive in a melee for at least a little while. A few levels in... Once you've gotten a few levels under your belt, head over to Riften and begin the Thieves' Guild questline. I don't recommend completing it until you're pretty significantly leveled (the quest rewards are level dependent), but you can at least start it to get some base gear for efficient thieving. The vendors and quest givers in the guild hideout are also quite useful for low-level thieves.