Teenage boys and men are wired to find teenage girls beautiful. Here's the other side of the medal: What applies to your daughter would also apply to your teenage son, if you had one. If you saw him looking at girls in a way you thought inappropriate, again, you'd have to discuss it with him. 

Why? Because if he's so intent on your success, it's highly unlikely that he'll just throw you out of his house and leave you stranded without support (apart from it being illegal - you're still a minor, and your parents must finance your Erstausbildung). 

Looking at beautiful girls is probably something most teenage boys feel compelled to do, but there's some ways to do it that are respectless and demeaning, and others that won't hurt anybody, and you can start teaching that to small children already, when they point at people who fascinate them. You don't have to punish them for finding someone else fascinating, but you should explain to them that there's different ways to express that fascination, some being more acceptable than others. 

If I were you, I'd start compiling evidence that you're correct in warning him of the dangers to himself. I'd leave the legal side of this to the sidelines - tell him he's possibly creating child pornography as defined by the law, so he knows he's doing something that can be considered illegal (depending on where you live) and might get him into legal trouble. But I'd focus on the dangers to his social standing and self-esteem, which he obviously hasn't thought through. Ask him what he'll do when someone who doesn't like him gets hold of a nude picture of him and posts it for everyone at his school to see. Discuss with him how his pictures might get in the hands of someone besides his friends. Explain that he can't possibly keep control of a picture he sends to somebody else. Then show him examples of what you mean - there are enough news articles about people losing control of such situations that it shouldn't be hard. There's also a nice movie about this, but it's a german production ("Homevideo") and I don't think it has been translated into english. 

If he's convinced that his behaviour won't lead to problems, maybe you could provoke a small one, in the safe environment of your family, to show him that what he's doing has consequences he will have to deal with sooner or later. Printing out one of the nude pictures and giving it to him as a physical object, asking him whether he'd want to show it to his mom, or his sisters, or his grandparents etc might start a thought-process going. You could also ask him whether he thinks you've only printed out a single copy, and how he can ever know there aren't more copies. Make him realize that this is exactly what happened once he sent that image to his friends - he has no idea what happened to it. Don't threaten to send the picture to other people, but make sure he understands that this is what might happen anyway because you're not the only one with a copy of that image, and he has basically no clue who else has a copy on their phone by now. If he gets angry at you for taking one of his pictures, use that to show him that while he didn't want it to get into your hands, it still got there - because he lost control of it. If his phone has access protection and he doesn't want to give it up to you, that's another starting point for a discussion: Obviously there are things on there he doesn't want you to see - so again, you can discuss with him how he decides who gets to see what. For example, what happens if one of the parents of the friends who received his nudes has a similar conversation with their child and gets to see his nude picture? What if that parent then confronts your wife and you with that picture... lots of good ways to make consequences more real here. 

You should probably not involve yourself directly. 

Now imagine what that does. He's sharing these nude pictures with some of his friends (?), not thinking too much except that it is exciting, and suddenly you come along with all these reasons why he is doing something really stupid. Add to it the fact that he's possibly embarassed about it if you've actually seen these pictures. 

What you can do is talk to your daughter. Ask her how the attention of the boys makes her feel. If you think it's inappropriate, discuss this with her. If she asks how to handle it, suggest different avenues of action and discuss them with her. Make sure she knows where to draw the line (which she must define herself - you can't do it for her) and then defends that line when someone crosses it. That requires self-confidence, so anything you do to boost her self-confidence is a step in the right direction (and taking care of problems for her doesn't help to build self-confidence at all).