The "restrictions" you're saying you've got on your account do not match up with what Steam call a "limited account" - it is probably worth contacting Steam support to discuss the issues you're having with the Steam store. This only seems to work if you specifically exit the game, rather than let it close when you restart your computer. In the lower section of that new window, you should see something like "System Variables". Scroll through to find the one called "PATH". You could probably create a user variable for this instead if you wanted Install Flash for Other Browsers Here's how you modify the 'Path' environmental variable; There are four methods of earning Snow Globe cards: Select your operating system, for example "Windows 7/Vista/XP/2008/2003" This window is displayed while the update is installed or verification process is running to provide feedback to you (the user) that something is actually happening, rather than staying completely silent, leading you to think that the application hasn't started. If you wish to use Steam on your mobile device you should stick with the official Steam for mobiles application, which will allow you to stay signed in on your home computer while logged in on your mobile device. Update: the developers are saying they fixed it. If you feel your game will become a classic later on you can hold on to the manuals and sell them again in 15 years for collectors :) If you trust Steam, have permanent Internet and don't care about your game boxes, then no, there isn't anything good to do with them. If you already have an eBay account you can offer the game boxes there (just don't provide the serial numbers), other than that I wouldn't bother. This is just a guess, though... if you want to know for sure, I suppose you can monitor the Steam process at the moment it is launched (e.g. with a network analyzer and some process monitor such as sysinternals). Unfortunately, this doesn't always work. Edit As of the latest Steam / Civilization versions, this problem has been fixed. Launching the game regularly from Steam opens only the Civilization-specific selection window, and right-clicking that menu and creating a specific DirectX-11 link will create a shortcut that shows no DirectX-selection menus. If you ever find yourself without Internet access for a prolonged period of time (for instance, if you join a shipping company), single-player games can still be installed from their boxes. Verifying the game is legit (DRM). Verifying the game is up-to-date. Verifying the requirements for the game (e.g. directx) are still met. Although (3) should theoretically only be checked on the first run, I'm pretty sure it's actually checked on every run - I saw a few games that always show a brief "installing directx" line even after the first run. Maybe it is done to verify no hardware or software changes were made to the system that can break the game.