Basically, most of Trump's nominees are still awaiting to clear the respective Senate committees. The campaign site states this as the reason: 

So, Flynn is still considered a private citizen before he took office on Jan 20. Thus, it's a violation of the Logan Act. Update - WH Statement According to the White House spokesperson Sean Spicer, Trump seemed to have requested the resignation of Flynn due to a "trust issue". 

As this article by Politico mentions, the administration didn't file the necessary paperwork for many of the nominees to make the nominations formal. 

Lastly, this's the graphic that's "shared widely on Reddit": 

Should the Supreme Court have more than 3 vacancies, it will not be able to conduct business. 

The White House spokesperson also read a short statement from Trump that emphasised on Trump Jr.'s "transparency". 

But it's also due to the fact that he travels more than his predecessors: 

The same article also states that he can place a different running mate in other states: 

So, this caused embarrassment for the Trump administration since they misled the public. Reduction of a sentence is not technically considered pardoning. A President can pardon someone who hasn't be charged. Pardons make an individual immune to any conviction in future. As all high government officials require the consent of the Senate, would it be possible for a opposition-held Senate to continuously reject the nominations by the President? Non-opinionated answers with sources are appreciated. As he stated in his resignation letter: When doing some research, I found out that: Basically, he resigned due to violating the Logan Act and causing embarrassment to the Trump administration. The Logan Act specifically states: 

What's the difference between an executive order and a presidential memorandum? 

As stated in a Presidential Memorandum: Nowhere in the Constitution does it require the President to undergo any kind of medical examination to qualify for office. 

Pro Choice: People on the pro-choice side of the argument see pregnancy as a women's health issue. A woman has a fundamental right to make civil and medical decisions regarding her own body and her own life, and since pregnancy is inherently a medical condition with serious medical and social implications, neither doctors nor the government may withhold treatment to terminate an unwanted or potentially dangerous pregnancy. Extremist pro-choice activists believe that a woman should have the right to make this decision at any time for any reason, while more moderate pro-choicers believe that there should be some limitations. Others may be morally opposed to abortion, but nonetheless believe that the government cannot take away a woman's right to choose. I'm no fan of Comcast or Time Warner Cable. There's a reason that people continually vote them as the worst company in America. But the point is that it's not like they just had this brilliant idea a couple of years ago to use their monopoly powers to put the screws to content providers like Google and Netflix. They've been trying to do that since the 1990's. They're the same evil, greedy mega-corporations they've always been. And yet, here you are, reading this post on your browser or your phone, for the same price that you're paying for all the other tabs and applications you have open right now. As stated in a Presidential Memorandum: 

The campaign site states this as the reason: If so, does it require the approval of other countries in the trade deal or can the US just rejoin it by (maybe) issuing another Executive Order? 

Basically, by doing this, it will allow him to claim that he is transparent with the meeting which is the reason he mentioned on Twitter when he released the emails. He stated that he wants to be "totally transparent" and that is the reason he released the full chain of emails, as seen below. 

Basically, most of Trump's nominees are still awaiting to clear the respective Senate committees. As this article by Politico mentions, the administration didn't file the necessary paperwork for many of the nominees to make the nominations formal. Even the Vice-President Mike Pence defended him: Apparently yes. According to this article by Bustle, his travel cost would exceed Obama's by a huge margin. The same article also states that he can place a different running mate in other states: