The "abstraction" your child is currently developing in regard to understanding time, is referred to as "Symbolic function" and is a part of Piaget's theory regarding cognitive development. Symbolic Function and Theory of Mind are very closely intermingled, but there is a very slight difference in that Theory of Mind is specifically about what the child knows compared to others. The idea of Theory of Mind is more recent than Piaget's work, but, as I understand it (though I am not an expert here) it could be considered a part of symbolic function. The Betty Hardwick Center describes symbolic function quite nicely here. Basically, it is the ability to understand that when a cat leaves the room, it is still a cat in existence, just in another room (Schrodinger's Cat excluded). For children without at least the beginnings of symbolic function remembering what did happen today and sorting it from other memories is very difficult). As a "bonus," something I started doing with my daughter at dinner at around this age was something a friend introduced to me as "highlights, lowlights" She asked her kids about the best parts and worst parts of their day every day at bedtime. I don't think focusing on the worst part is really a productive thing to do at this age (though I would recommend it for Middle School) so I only asked for the highlights (and I asked at dinner instead of bed but that part isn't really important). Choosing a "favorite" is also abstract, but identifying your favorite to your son and then asking him his, is a good exercise in communication and connection between you later on and a good habit to get into now. He is likely to pick your favorite as his favorite at first, but eventually when you ask "What was your favorite part of your day today?" you'll start getting real answers and once in awhile, he might even say, "Right now with you." and that is always a nice thing. The articles I read included that research is showing that between grades 1 and 3, children that were redshirted have a lower likelihood of receiving "negative feedback from teachers about their academic performance or conduct in class (Cromwell, 1998; West, Meek, & Hurst, 2000) and need less special education intervention than classmates who were retained as kindergartners for a second year (Kundert et al., 1995; May et al., 1995). However, there is also evidence that some first- through third-graders who were redshirted as children required greater use of special education services than their non-redshirted and non-retained classmates (Graue & DiPerna, in press; May et al., 1995). However, this may be because children with delays might be more likely to be redshirted in the first place. Cause and effect relationships have not been established scientifically and may not be able to be established. The National Center for Education Statistics reports that academic redshirting occurs at the rate of about 9% per year among kindergarten-age children. Redshirting is also more common in affluent communities and for children attending private schools. According to NCES, boys are more often redshirted than girls, and children born in the latter half of the year are more likely to be redshirted than those born earlier. Redshirting may be a response to demands for a higher level of school readiness. An Alarmingly high percentage of teachers indicate that half of their students lacked important skills, including "following directions" and the ability to "work independently". As mentioned above, it is now common for schools to expect thier kinder students to already know their letters and numbers one - ten (some of the schools near where I taught preschool expected 1-50). 20 years ago these academic skills were taught in the kindergarten and were not expected at entrance. Be assertive about finding out what the school expects of entering kindergartners and the school's suggestions on how you can help your youngster to be prepared. That it isn't really about the noise as much as it is about knowing where you are or what you are doing. If that is the case, maybe going in and giving one light kiss on your way to your own bed would be a nice way of communicating that information to her. "I'm going to bed now, but I'll just be in my bedroom after this point." If she isn't awake, she might still pick up on the cue sub-consciously and feel more secure. If she is awake, she is getting the info she needs to feel more comfortable and fall asleep anyway? Might be worth asking her what she thinks of the idea at least.