Some translates the word samaa' to heaven, while others translate it to universe (see Muhammed Asad). 

The prophet is the one that would explain for those who would "quarrel about anything", as you see in the verse. Today we cannot directly ask the prophet to explain what certain verses meant or how to act in certain situations. But if we look at the hadiths, with the Quran we can draw different conclusions according to the situation, time and context. 

In the end I guess the answer to the question lies in the verse 3:66 (after the one you quoted): "but why do you argue about something which is unknown to you? [52] Yet God knows [it], whereas you do not know" 

In arabic that is more a metaphor, as explained in the tafsirs: 

My answer will be based on this: In a country where there are few muslims, 1 - 10%, how should one vote? Can one vote for a non muslim president? 

Conslusion We don't know if she continued to rule as a queen, or received a higher political position by Solomon. 

This might be a bit off topic but as we know morocco as a musilm country: Quoting: 

The answer here would depend on many factors I'd say. 

Is it likely that the sana'a manuscript was an accepted reading of the Quran? 

Allah does not impose upon any soul a duty but to the extent of its ability 

Conslusion As I said, Islam doesn't teach any kind of hatred or murder. About the movie: "Schindler's list". What happened that time is one the most saddest event in our history as humans. 

If the manuscript was or is accepted, then the conclusion could be drawn that it indeed was an angel who called, not Jesus. But I also think that by accepting it, it would force us to rethink lots of things that we use while deriving conclusions. 

My question is a bit broad and opinion based so I think I first have to add some of my research and analyzes in order for you to answer. I am not looking for an absolute answer, but more a "good guess" or speculations. 

About your statement: "I got to know that the movie was banned in a lot of Muslim majority countries just because it was too sympathetic to Jews" Could you provide a list of countries or reference to this? 

If anyone has sources claiming her to continue to rule as a queen, please inform me. 

First we must look at the variables: 

Therefore I also think the odds are low that these verses addressed atheists. But that doesn't mean one cannot use the same argument when talking with an atheist, for instance; "how comes you don't believe in God when you didn't exist a while ago, but now you do and so on...!", i.e 2:28... 

In short, yes a muslim can vote for a non muslim governor/president. 

In the Sana'a script, the wording differs a lot while the message still is the same. 

But considering her being a political figure wouldn't been surprising because she once was the Queen of her people, therefore a good strategy would of course be to let her keep a higher position to rule her people, within and under the laws of Solomon. But this is only speculations. 

In my opinion (and the vast majority), yes there are good claims that one should. If one analyses Islam deeply, you would find it a logical fallacy to ignore the hadiths or the sunnah of the prophet. Now, I do not in any way state that you aren't following the sunnah or the hadiths. But as the question tends to lean towards that understanding I just feel it should be answered more in detail. 

The differences found in the Sana'a manuscript, seems generally to be the same, however it seems other words are used more frequently and some words are added/deleted. For instance: 

"The Messenger of Allah (saw) said: 'By the One in whose Hand is my soul! You will not enter Paradise until you believe, and you will not (truly) believe until you love one another. Shall I not tell you of something which, if you do it, you will love one another? Spread peace among yourselves.'" 

The answer might be a bit big but I really think it is necessary in this case. Much more could be said, I guess a book could be written about the subject. 

Allah does not charge a soul except [with that within] its capacity 

This is what we read today (in Hafs): 

For a detailed answer continue to read: 

More could also be read in the tafsir of razi (arabic)