A year back, Harvard professor Sugata Bose released a biography of the Indian leader Subhas Chandra Bose which claimed to lay all speculation regarding his death to rest. However, last week, a veteran journalist Anuj Dhar released a book which claims to show documents obtained from India's government to prove that the evidence points to exactly the other direction. According to Dhar, documents obtained using the Right to Information Act show that the famous freedom fighter, who was popularly known as "Netaji" (leader) in India, had actually escaped to Soviet Russia in 1945, and that the news of the plane crash was a subterfuge that allowed Bose to escape. The Government of India's last inquiry also supports Dhar's claim. India's government itself seems to have an ambiguous stance on this matter. Refer to Gandhi's speech at prayer meeting on June 4, 1947 From another letter by Gandhi on June 2, 1947 Why is it that historians are not able to agree on someone's disappearance over 65 years after it occurred? And why has this great disappearance mystery, about such a famous and controversial Indian leader, not received much attention from historians? 

However, I am not sure that Gandhi was as vehemently opposed to partition as it is generally believed. Had the partition plan not had Gandhi's passive support, it would surely have been vetoed by the Congress, since Gandhi was still its unquestionable leader. It appears that he acquiesced to the partition plan only to avoid communal tension. As an example of the huge trust placed on the British officers, the Indian Air Force continued to have a British head till 1954, before the Indian Air Marshal Subroto Mukherjee took over[1]. The Indian Navy also had British heads until 1958, as mentioned in wikipedia[2]. While I have only examples from India, I am assuming that this was true also for other British colonies. 

Update I went through the preview of Dhar's book given on Amazon. It claims India's government responsible for intentionally sabotaging its own inquiry into Bose's disappearance. Dhar himself is fighting a judicial battle in Delhi Hight Court over the government's refusal to show some documents related to Bose's disappearance. 

Gandhi never called publicly for India's partition. Before the announcement of the partition plan (known as Mountbatten plan), he had said India could only be divided over his "dead body". But after the plan was announced, he urged all Indians to accept it (without explicitly supporting partition). But to say that Gandhi did not have enough influence in the Congress is, in my opinion, completely wrong. All Congress leaders, Nehru and Patel included, had sided with Gandhi for over 20 years in all internal and external conflicts. His hold over the Congress machinery was made even stronger by the fact that most state Congress leaders were "Gandhian" leaders -- leaders who had been mentored personally by Gandhi himself, and had always stood by his ideology (Example: Prafulla Ghosh in Bengal, Morarji Desai in Bombay, Rajagopalachari in Madras, etc). He had explicit veto powers over the decision of the Congress Working Committee (see Pant resolution). Had Gandhi publicly said that he opposed partition, it is hard to believe that the Congress could have gone against his public stance. I will be grateful for your replies. Gandhi accepted partition, but deeply deplored the communal violence that was taking place at that time. In fact, he had been scheduled to leave for a "peace march" to Lahore from Delhi, but was killed just four days before he could begin the march. He had also pleaded before the Government of India to try and maintain friendly relations with the Government of Pakistan.