Also remember that your wife's priorities will change with pregnancy and giving birth. Her children will become the centre of her life and you will take second position after the children. This is a normal biological function of motherhood. 

Interesting question. Although infants do play with parents and siblings, most do not initiate interactive play until around three years of age. Solitary play is what babies do. LINK 

Many children learn to read by memorisation and thinking or believing they can read is half the battle. It is scary for kids to think about reading and I found my best success came from telling them that they had been reading -- even if it was memorised from reading the same story over and over. Letting your child use a finger to follow along, or showing your child your finger as you read is a tool that works wonders. 

I think you have to be careful of food battles. My mum and nanny used this method and it worked for our family. My own daughter doesn't have this issue. This is perfectly normal, though unpleasant. Sure, there are many great ideas. Playing at this age is about teaching, bonding -- encouraging your child. 

Infants are interested in other people and learn to recognize primary caregivers. Most infants: Can be comforted by a familiar adult Respond positively to touch Interact best when in an alert state or in an inactive and attentive state Benefit from short, frequent interactions more than long, infrequent ones Smile and show pleasure in response to social stimulation There are methods that can help reluctant children and the daycare may already know about them or could implement them. These aids include: schedules, pictures and pic symbols, music, asking questions and allowing a yes or no answer -- which may include a nod or head shake. (Example: "Do you want juice or water?") Child points and selects. "You chose the juice. Here is the juice." When the child gets comfortable, the teacher can make a 'mistake'. The child then has to let the person know that she got water instead of juice. (This is not about denial of what the child needs or wants. It is about soft encouragement to get a message across.) 

If your child is speaking the same language at both home and school: You can also be firm and say no. You do not need to raise your voice, but you can gently and firmly move him to another seat. I prefer redirection because he is playing, probably not trying to be naughty. 

9 months to 12 months As they near age one, imitation and self-regulation gain importance. Most babies can: Feed themselves finger foods Hold a cup with two hands and drink with assistance Hold out arms and legs while being dressed Mimic simple actions Show anxiety when separated from primary caregiver 

As you child matures and has a few words and is able to point or grab for a wanted item, this is the time to allow them to make choices. 

At 3, while I understand your concerns, I think there is plenty of time to make the transition to school easier. Have you spoken to the daycare? You do not want them pressuring your child to speak.