The actual success of physics is founded on these principles; the historical success is that the fact that these principles are simple enough to be easily mathematised, which lent them a weight of authority inherited from the apparent certainty of Euclid's work. The fact that they were easily mathematisable also allowed them to be easily verified in cases of interest, such as the orbits of moons and planets and the ability to calculate the tides. As these applications were surprising at the time, the success seemed remarkable and a standard to achieve in the future. 

This is an analogue of a material world which is rich in complexity and information, where one may approximate the physics as closely as you like, but where there is no final theory and no particular reason why refinements of the theory should look superficially much like one another. 

This is analogous to a material universe in which the laws are very simple: if one used the right techniques, one could eventually obtain a law of nature which never needed correcting — although you wouldn't actually know that it would never need correcting. 

A better response might be to say that "zero" is not the same as "infinity" on the level of tigers or birds, but only for other physical phenomena, such as matter in the universe. (This would already indicate that the two concepts of zero and infinity are meaningfully different, and that what we're talking about is not mathematics, but physics proper.) Perhaps it is only a meaningful way of describing things on the quantum mechanical level. But here it is no better: why are there not infinitely massive balls of neutrons and protons and electrons popping out of vaccuum — not just a handful with some probability, but infinitely many, all the time, because "nothing is the same as everything"? Sure, it would crush the universe to a tiny speck under the instantaneous emergence of black holes all over the place; but this just gives us a way to see that it isn't happening, not of explaining why it doesn't if somehow "zero" equals "infinity". The problem is that even if you restrict yourself to "the quantum mechanical scale", saying that "zero equals infinity" doesn't allow you to describe features of the physical world with enough precision to explain why at any moment we aren't consumed by black holes. 

Position #2 is potentially non-scientific depending on how it is presented. But to determine whether or not it is scientific, we must ask some questions which make it even a candidate for scientific consideration, the most important of which is this: What is a god? 

It seems to me that the problem with mathematising biology is that it would be akin to studying number theory having only random samples of numbers on the order of 1024 or larger to deal from expressed as a string of 1s. Any two are going to seem different; the probability that you will notice that you've seen the same number before will diminish rapidly with the size of the number concerned; and relationships between them apart from relative size will not be easy to formulate. It would be difficult to find out about prime numbers, for example, if one could never reliably obtain the same number twice, let alone any number less than a trillion. So it is unsurprising that biology appears to lack (or if we take 'biology' to be the human activity of studying living systems and their components, actually does lack) so-called universal laws, because it is difficult to isolate anything whose behaviour is regular enough that it possibly could give rise to one — and it is also unclear that in a complex system, that the regular behaviour of such simple subsystems could be evident in the behaviour of the whole. Any such regularity (one might imagine the conservation of energy in the form of sunlight and chemical potential as an example) might simply be deferred to chemistry or physics. 

"Atheism" is a lack of belief in deities. As such, it can come about in two ways. 

I don't think there's any realistic possibility of coming to an accurate answer without having met any technologically advanced civilizations which developed independently of ours. The best we can do is think of what factors would affect the chances of having developed similar models of physics. 

If x is a Liouville number, then not only is it irrational, but it is transcendental: it is not the solution to any polynomial equation over the integers. And yet it will look very, very much like a rational number, because by definition you can find rational approximations ni / di which are not only as close as you like (which you can do with any real number), but in fact you can find approximations for which there is very little room for improvement without using a much, much larger denominator D ≫ di . Thus when looking for approximations to the number, you can get very close while being subtly wrong, and without insight as to where the value comes from, little improvement is likely. 

What happens is at each step, the set of material elements is replaced by either the power-set of its previous contents, or by any one of the elements of the power-set. In particular, at any point in time, all objects in the universe might disappear leaving nothing behind, and the universe may stay that way for any length of time, only to eventually produce non-empty sets of potentially exponentially growing size. We may suppose that these are all of the dynamics (can we?): while one can derive empirical probabilities of various transitions from any given history of such a universe, we may suppose that the histories are of a sort that cannot be described well even by randomised theories of finite size, simply by supposing that the dynamics are adversarial to any given ensemble of theories that you might propose.