Meaning he wanted to protect the Jews in his country, and didn't call them Jews though he know they were Jews. This statement really meant: "You can dream about it, I will neither send you a Moroccan or Jew". Also, this is well known by the Moroccans. 

If we would translate it as most traditional mufassiron (Quranic commentators), then the given verse wouldn't refer to the expansion of the universe: 

Womens inheritance Even though there are some (minority) scholars who think that a woman might have the same amount of inheritance as the men, it is clearly that by these steps of interpretation, a woman will have the same amount of inheritance as men. Womens right to travel alone We already have opinions that a woman may travel alone if safe. Clearly with these methods, there would be no doubt that a woman may travel completely alone. Eating with right hand Now this is not in the Quran, but applying these methods to the ahadith would derive that what hand one eats with, clearly has to do with cultural manners and hygienic circumstances applied in a certain time (stage #3), by the methods at stage #4, one would say that it doesn't matter which hand you eat with today (if its hygienic at least). This list could go on. But clearly these methods would as most affect the matters regarding fiqh and how to live your life, it seems not to be much related on questions regarding creed or belief. 

It is mentioned in the Wikipedia article that: 

(Notice some interpret it as surrender as muslims) 

The story continues to mention that she converted: 

But yet, they did not believe in other things as in the resurrection of the dead, which is mentioned many times in the Quran; "shall we be ressurected after we have become bones?" or: 

Anyway, some verses that addressed the polytheist, could be argued to also address atheists: 

No, Islam isn't and a muslim shouldn't be. We believe there are good people and bad people in every nation, but we should do our best to all people. 

Now, in your case it seems you live in a muslim majority country (Indonesia). So that would be a very hugh factor in the answer. But I am not going to answer in according to that, because I do not live there and I don't know many important factors that is needed for an answer. 

In the tafsir of Tabari of the verse 3:67 he states the following about the word muslim: 

Qurtubi (in arabic) also adds some more explanation about the term. 

Scenario 2 Let say there are no muslim candidates, and there is a racist partiy or party that really might make life harder for muslim and other miniorites, then you should (or must) vote on the "normal party", which stands for democratic values and treat all as equal. Because if you don't do that, the racist party will earn a higher vote rate, even though you don't vote at all. And if they win, you will be indirectly a reason why life becomes harder for muslims/other miniorites. 

The small group of people that today explain verses like these argue that this really mean to follow the message and not really the messenger. But that statement is fast thrown away if you read through "and those in authority from among you". It's clear that it's talking about a person with authority. 

I do not think anybody would say that they wouldn't follow the Prophet if he was here and could explain things to them, or if he ordered/forbidden something that the Muslims would be against that, I don't think that. But I do understand that many feel that, because of he isn't here and really cannot explain things, some would throw away the sunnah (which are derived from hadiths). I also think this is done of fear and ignorance.