I'm unsure about the achievements button (which also has an unrecognizable graphic — is that a bar chart? What does this have to do with achievements?) since I don't know yet what use that list is. 

Linkify “Contact Us” in the text? 

Linkify “flag them” like (or instead of?) “flag it” below. “the rules” → “all the rules”. Saying that new users don't have to know any rule won't go well. 

I don't think that boasting here sets the right tone. The link to the inbox, which I use very often, is about 35 pixels wide and awkwardly located in a middling location. 

The link to the list of sites, which I use very occasionally, is about 140 pixels wide and in a nice accessible location near the left margin (though for some reason not flush left). 

The inbox also suffers from being an unrecognizable graphic (how about making this a mailbox? or an envelope?) when there are no unread messages, though I suppose users will quickly get used to its location. 

Copy editing You're using hyphens as a clause-separating punctuation. These should be em dashes. Please make the inbox button wider. It really needs to be wider than the site list since it's more useful, at least when there are unread messages. 

If I can edit it (an answer rather than a comment, and I have the rep on that site) I sometimes will. If it's a comment and I was going to comment anyway, I may include a "btw, it was her answer, not his" or "btw, I'm she, not he" but then again I may not. When it's a comment, I usually don't do anything. 

All four of those can and should go. Not in a year, either - the minute you see them. Waiting a year to delete them would be wrong. The other extreme, an answer that says nothing more than "here" or "read this" or "please read" and is a link, I will not just downvote but flag as not an answer, and I don't care whether it's the definitive documentation from the owner of the technology, another question on the same SE site, or just a blog you wrote yourself. The first is not good because you have no idea why you are being told this. The second is not good because the reader first reads the vague or misleading sentence and has to go back and fix it when they hit the edit. 

I understand that comment deletion cannot be undone. But that is true whether a moderator does it or a group of 10Ks does. And comments are designed to be ephemeral. If there really is a problem, let's get it tackled. You are under no obligation to answer comments. If it is rude or non constructive, flag it. Moderators know what to do if someone is consistently getting their comments flagged. But the most important behavior change is not to engage, not to rebut. Specifically, do not In contrast, comments like "actually I don't think that's possible" or "here's a related question that isn't a duplicate but might help you" (on a question) or "this answer is obsolete and does not work with the latest version" (on an answer) should NEVER be deleted and should not become answers either. There's no doubt the poor question should be closed. One argument is that it should be closed for not showing a minimal understanding, it can't be answered as-is, and the user should be taught that this isn't acceptable asking here on the SE network. Consider editing your answer to cover areas the commenter says you aren't covering, or to explain why you're not covering them. If the commenter has misunderstood something you wrote, see if you can reword it; other people might also misunderstand it. Remove your own comments if they were only for one person who has clearly read them. You can also flag a comment as obsolete - say it points out a typo and you've corrected it - which helps to keep the question clean. The link to the list of sites, which I use very occasionally, is about 140 pixels wide and in a nice accessible location near the left margin (though for some reason not flush left). I'm unsure about the achievements button (which also has an unrecognizable graphic — is that a bar chart? What does this have to do with achievements?) since I don't know yet what use that list is. Copy editing You're using hyphens as a clause-separating punctuation. These should be em dashes. 

On a similar note, the inbox has a worse contrast than the achievement list. I see the reputation thingy tick away with three characters (soon 4) in bright green that seems poised to assault me, while the inbox is usually a lonesome digit and is in a darkish shade of red that seems to try to stay lurking in its dark alley. Please make the inbox button wider. It really needs to be wider than the site list since it's more useful, at least when there are unread messages. The page tag is all over the map. There are many questions where it means a web page, often a Facebook page. Sometimes it means scrolling through a long text. Sometimes it means virtual memory. Glancing at the questions, there seems to be some other relevant tag, most of the time (html, php, facebook, memory, …). The questions in this tag don't look markedly worse than average (just perhaps a tad badly tagged). All in all, page looks like a prime candidate for burnination.