Why doesn't this work? Let's look at things a bit more in context (of Mark): 

Ultimate Authority Applying the Rule of Faith is much more tricky since it depends on what you consider the "ultimate authority". Sola Scriptura adherents, for example, consider the Bible to be the ultimate authority; 

Yes, Jesus might have been anointed twice or four times. But if we use just the tiniest amount of common sense, it seems pretty obvious that being anointed with a $3million oil was not a common event. Therefore, it's extremely safe to assume that this was really simply one event. 

Finally, is the word "joy" a bad translation of the original Greek there? Or should we expect intense happiness (per the meaning of the word in English)? 

If we look at the four gospels, we see Jesus crucified, buried, and resurrected four separate times. The events leading up to his death are similar including four last suppers, four records of trial, etc. 

And it seems that joy is something we can attain by having the Holy Spirit in our lives: 

Essentially, the Rule of Faith is the ultimate authority that is used to measure doctrines, practices, or beliefs (or other items in Christianity). 

So, in essence, the verse is saying that if ever two of you agree on the earth about any practice, every deed, any question that they are requesting, it will be given. 

If there is a difference, I'm seeking a mainline protestant viewpoint and exegesis of this text 

Now, we can presume that he did all of these events multiple times, or we can (rightly) move forward with the understanding that these records are four viewpoints of the same events. 

Furthermore, we should pray continuously for something we want! We see this in the parable of the widow and the unjust judge. The widow constantly bothers the judge and he finally relents even though he is neither godly nor just. He basically says "Fine, you can have it, go away." 

Note that Wikipedia mentions that this could be two separate events, but it is commonly accepted to be one event, shared among the gospels. 

The word pantos is pretty self-explanatory, if you simply accept that it means "each thing, all, or every". The word pragmatos is a bit more interesting, though: 

Theophilus was the person addressed in both the Gospel of Luke and in the Acts of the Apostles (ie "Luke" and "Acts"). The identity of Theophilus is unknown. Per Wikipedia there are multiple possible options: 

Matthew 16:24 (NIV) Then Jesus said to his disciples, “Whoever wants to be my disciple must deny themselves and take up their cross and follow me. 

However, if we look at the dictionary, joy seems to mean "happiness". 

Regula Fidei A quick definition: 

What we do know, however, is that Theophilus, in the original Greek, means "friend of God", "loved by God", or "loving God". This was a common name back then, but it was also an honorary title used among the academics of the day. 

All commentaries come from a certain doctrinal standpoint. Often, a commentary (as others have mentioned) will note their doctrinal standpoint, but sometimes they will not. In these cases, it's most important to examine the Bible and Divine traditions to see if the commentary contradicts anything within the Bible or Divine traditions. If it does, then clearly the commentary should be avoided. 

Thieves = the devil and his angels 

Rahab was a prostitute, and says as much. 

Is this "right?" Remember, this is a psalm - an ancient song of the Hebrews. I suspect many a future scholar will puzzle over, say, the misogynistic lyrics of Eminem or many like-minded rappers. Psalms express the feelings of the writer, NOT THEOLOGICAL RULES FOR YOUR BEHAVIOR. (Although, it is often argued that the feelings reflected in the Psalms should be that of a mature Christian.) 

Put another way, it is much like Paul's admonition in Phillippians, where he says he doesn't care whether Christ is preached out of selfish ambitions or good ones, as long as Christ is preached 

Jesus' point here is not that there is another name under heaven by which men can be saved, but rather that just because someone is 'not part of the group' doesn't mean they can't be a follower of Christ. In other words, it could be a support for the notion that Jesus is more important than the Institution that proclaims him. 

Jerusalem = the heavenly city of peace from which Adam fell 

The morrow = after the Resurrection 

Does God's word "Dust to dust" leave any exception? 

Though we are save by the blood of Christ and are born again in Christ, we are still living in the world where Satan rules. 

The eunuch asked Philip, “Tell me, please, who is the prophet talking about, himself or someone else?” Then Philip began with that very passage of Scripture and told him the good news about Jesus. 

From these verses, we can deduce that "All must die once (or at least once) and return to dust". 

How do theologians explain this contradiction? 

Prayer is the appointed means for obtaining what we need. Pray; pray often; make a business of prayer, and be serious and earnest in it. Ask, as a beggar asks alms. Ask, as a traveller asks the way. Seek, as for a thing of value that we have lost; or as the merchantman that seeks goodly pearls. Knock, as he that desires to enter into the house knocks at the door. Sin has shut and barred the door against us; by prayer we knock. Whatever you pray for, according to the promise, shall be given you... 

“You can enter God’s Kingdom only through the narrow gate. The highway to hell is broad, and its gate is wide for the many who choose that way. But the gateway to life is very narrow and the road is difficult, and only a few ever find it. 

Genesis 19 called the two men as angels. However, as the language here is vague, it seems the two angels were also the Lord(or Lords). For they said "we are going to destroy this place" and then later the Bible says "God destroyed the cities".