The Council of Florence defined, and the First Vatican Council (Pastor Æternus cap. 4) reiterated, that Regarding "bad popes" and such bad "popes" that they are not even popes, see this article: Many of us remember how, before the liturgical reform due to the Second Vatican Council, the celebrant and the faithful knelt at the end of each Mass to recite the prayer to Our Lady and one to St. Michael the Archangel. We report the text of this latter because it is a beautiful prayer which can be fruitfully recited by all: 

The Church never condemned Ockham's theories, although Ockham was excommunicated for leaving Avignon without permission. Yes, it's the annual Pontifical Yearkbook. Here's the Vatican press release about the publication of the 2017 edition. "Bad Popes" Bad popes would be those who do not live up to their aforementioned duties. cf. ch. 6 article 1 of Mother of the Saviour and Our Interior Life by Fr. Réginald Garrigou-Lagrange, O.P., or the Catholic Encyclopedia article "Devotion to the Blessed Virgin Mary," § "The Age of the Fathers" Schismatics/heretics have said this. For example, the Collyridians sacrificed κολλυρίδας ("bread cakes") to her, and St. Epiphanius (d. 403) denounced this as mariolatry: 

W. Turner writes in the old Catholic Encyclopedia "Ockham" entry: 

Finally, coming back to himself, giving a light but energetic touch of the hand, he arose. He was seen to start toward his private study. His consort followed him with care and anxiety. They said to him: Holy Father, do you not feel well? Do you have need of something? He responded: Nothing, nothing. After half an hour he called for the Secretary of the Congregation of Rites and, holding out a sheet of paper, enjoined that it be printed and reach all the Ordinaries of the world. What did it contain? The prayer that we recite at the end of the Mass together with the congregation, with the supplication to Mary and the fiery invocation to the Prince of the celestial militias, imploring God to cast Satan into hell. It appears that 1 Thessalonians 2:14-16 is widely regarded as an interpolation - see for example, An Introduction to the New Testament, pp 166, 463, by Raymond E. Brown. Its polemic against the Jews is quite at odds with Paul's usual treatment of the Jews and the fact that he, himself, was a proud Jew. It is consistent with late first-century condemnation of the Jews. The wrath of God is considered an unmistakeable allusion to the destruction of the Temple in Jerusalem in 70 CE, and the death of so many at Roman hands. 

I can scarcely disagree with Affable Geek when he says everyone had an agenda. I am also very much in agreement with his assessment of Tacitus, Flavius Josephus and later Christian "historians." Therefore, I do not propose to reiterate the reasons those historians can not be regarded as entirely reliable. Over a period of centuries, the Catholic Church began to take control of the wedding and began to provide the sacrament of marriage. Taking the lead of Augustine (354-430), the Church developed the sacramental understanding of matrimony. James A. Brundage says, in Law, Sex, and Christian Society in Medieval Europe page 236, Gratian [the 12th-century "Father of canon law"] held that it was consummation that turned marriage into a sacrament, thereby making it indissoluble. 

On the part of the Church, however, there is mercy which looks to the conversion of the wanderer, wherefore she condemns not at once, but "after the first and second admonition," as the Apostle directs: after that, if he is yet stubborn, the Church no longer hoping for his conversion, looks to the salvation of others, by excommunicating him and separating him from the Church, and furthermore delivers him to the secular tribunal to be exterminated thereby from the world by death. For Jerome commenting on Gal. 5:9, "A little leaven," says: "Cut off the decayed flesh, expel the mangy sheep from the fold, lest the whole house, the whole paste, the whole body, the whole flock, burn, perish, rot, die. Arius was but one spark in Alexandria, but as that spark was not at once put out, the whole earth was laid waste by its flame." It is also a myth that only the clergy had access to Holy Scripture. Although wealthy medievals certainly had more elaborate Books of Hours, some poorer literate medievals carried around simpler ones, too, reading them throughout the day. See this video and this one (and these, too) for an introduction to Books of Hours and this website for pictures of medieval Books of Hours. If anyone should like to recall me or anyone else who has turned away from the obedience of the false Pope and his friends, let him try to defend his Constitutions and sermons, and show that they agree with Holy Scripture, or that a Pope cannot fall into the wickedness of heresy, or let him show by holy authorities or manifest reasons that one who knows the Pope to be a notorious heretic is obliged to obey him. Let him not, however, adduce the great number of his adherents, nor base his arguments on reproaches, because those who try to arm themselves with great numbers of lies, reproaches, threats, and false calumnies, show that they are void of truth and reason. Therefore let none believe that I mean to turn away from the recognized truth because of the great number of those in favor of the pseudo-Pope, or because of proofs that are common to heretics and to orthodox men, because I prefer Holy Scripture to a man unlearned in holy science, and I have a higher esteem for the doctrine of the Fathers who reign with Christ than for the tradition of men dwelling in this mortal life.