US healthcare, in particular, is a bit like that. It's good but it is extremely expensive compared to healthcare in similar countries with no obvious benefits in terms of outcomes (you can cherry pick a few statistics to make it look better but there are really no large differences, e.g. in life expectancy). And it does appear in national statistics at the level it is paid for so that is a not-insignificant part of what the US “produces”. 

As another, completely different example, let's consider the Soviet Union and its satellite states. They exported virtually no recognizable consumer products to the West and had a lot of difficulties being competitive or getting what they needed from the global market but they still produced something. In spite of all its problems, the SU industrialized Russia and became much more productive than traditional non-industrialized societies. Given its (relatively) large population, it did in fact produce quite a lot and manage to hold an arms race with the US for a few decades (before ultimately collapsing, obviously). 

The main reason is that the European Union (and before that the European Communities) was intended by its architects to bring about ever tighter integration, possibly all the way to a federal state. Seemingly technical measures like the customs union and common market were not only or mainly intended at boosting economic output but at fostering understanding between people “from below”. 

Finally, the balance of trade is yet another thing and it's closely connected to currency exchange rates. The US does export many things (not necessarily to China) but that does not mean it will have a trade surplus. In fact, the US has a large trade deficit but that's not because it does not export anything, let alone because it does not produce anything, that's mostly because China holds large amounts of dollars and keeps its products cheap that way. 

All this might sound counterintuitive and anticlimactic but it's a fact that low-productivity services that have to be sourced locally are a large part of what the US currently produces. And because other sectors (from agriculture up) are extremely productive, those services are valued higher and everybody can be richer than in an economy without such productivity. 

You remarked somewhere that it seems that many US people are simply selling and reselling goods produced elsewhere and to an extent, it's completely true not only of the US but also of all other advanced economies (but they are also cleaning, cooking meals and selling houses). Furthermore, because these sectors are labor-intensive and have a low productivity, they represent an even bigger share of the workforce. 

Aside from arguments trying to rationalize making poor people's life even harder or wish the problem away and pretend it would disappear or does not really matter, there are at least a couple of practical answers: 

Now, for the Commission (not the whole EU), this document released by the Directorate-General for Human Resources and Security indicates that roughly 20000 people (out of the 33000 working there) are civil servants (counted as Official AD, Official AST and Official AST/SC in the chart). The rest are temporary employees, contractors (especially for support functions like IT), national civil servants or experts (e.g. référendaires at the Court of Justice are not required to be civil servants, which gives judges complete freedom to hire whoever they want). 

And as a matter of fact, as @DVK remarked in a comment, the US does still produce many cars, only for itself. So products for local consumption (including food!) would be another part of what the US produces, and quite efficiently so. 

Germany is a mirror example. Its economy has many problems, it has not seen any impressive growth or productivity gains of late but it's still quite successful at exporting some high-end tech products and because its main trading partners are locked in the euro, it can easily maintain a large trade surplus. None of this is directly connected to the size of the economy as a whole or the wealth of the country.