At every level of football there are (sportsmanship) forfeit rules in place for teams that try to create an infinite loop of events. Sometimes these things are done with the most malicious expectations. An example is a team is losing, so they have their offensive line jump and hit d-line. Over and over. Even if the defense accepts these penalties a referee can deem the situation unsportsmanlike and simply warn the offense. After three such times (if that) any crew I worked on would go over to the coach and warn them about their unsportsmanlike behavior and possible forfeit. If it happened on next play an ultimatum would be issued and then after that game would be forfeited. 

So going back to the blackjack example it would be like saying you will always hit on 16 but after 1 hour your odds of winning on 16 is 40% per hand. The time factor is a big deal for teams with more talent. They don't want to shoot themselves early in the game when they know they have a better than 50% chance of winning every drive. A team that lacks talent could definitely use a higher scoring deviation to increase its odds though. 

Now if the play is a staple of your offense your team may just give it a nickname. One of the schools I was at simply called this "pro-right/left chuck or dive". The players knew the play call based on the nickname. I actually remember the FB coming over to me asking me if he should motion on the "chuck or dive". Which then we went over several scenarios on when he should or shouldn't motion and it was basically his option... unless he saw the not motion hand signal. 

Really in football you have two factors around this analysis that is almost impossible to control. Fatigue and emotion. These are real things. 

During a football game if you are on the wrong end of a few of these situational outcomes early in the game your team is behind the 8-ball. So if you find yourself down 28-7 at half instead of 14-7 based on two fourth down fails your game plan for the second half is much more limited. The defense knowing that you have to pass more is at an advantage. 

A small football team (11 on 11) would need at least 35 players to function. This is usually the case in semi-pro leagues I have been involved in - which are nothing but regional clubs that play each other. There are several leagues like this in the midwest. There are "tryouts" but usually anyone is accepted at a practice given they don't get in the way. Some teams just need warm bodies for a scrimmage.