and in the sec following section on Pillage, Plunder and Ransom: (my emphasis) In that circumstance, if I were the French king I think I would lend money to various English factions to get them started on transporting my unwanted mercenaries to England. Oh! Wait! Isn't that exactly what various French kings actually did? More details and ranks are available on Wikipedia From Book 3 of Caesar's Gallic Wars, Chapters 4 through 6: Your question is underpinned by a key misunderstanding of the course of an ancient or medieval battle: the slaughter occurs in the pursuit (or endgame if you will), not what might be termed the battle proper (or midgame). The Mongol achieved this through the use of a small horse of great endurance, lightweight armour designed mostly for protection against arrows, and many scores of arrows for each of their mounted archers. An extensive command and control system of flags directed troop movements, and a sophisticated logistical network kept the archers continually supplied with fresh arrows without weighting them down. So while a specific value for the percentage of arrows that can be reused during a battle is unavailable, some simple calculations regarding maximum troop coverage of ground during a charge (at the trot/canter and then gallop, coupled with the inherent inaccuracy of bows used essentially as artillery, suggests that perhaps 90% of arrows fired fell harmlessly to the ground (or deflected with minimal damage from armour)and that most of these could be reused as soon as collected. Seals were less about verification of identity, and more about verification of non-tampering. As with all significant documents today, the presence (and seals or signatures) of witnesses was the most important aspect of identity- and authentication-verification. Placing the author's/authorizer's seal at the bottom of the written text was more about preventing after-the-fact tampering, and in-transit reading. As an example: When on June 15, 1815, Ney and his one-horse cart caught up to the Grande Armee in Charleroi, Napoleon had to signal to Generals Reille and D'Erlon that Ney had Imperial authority as the Left Wing commander. He solved this dilemma neatly by giving Ney command of the Imperial Guard Red Lancers (with the direction to "use them gently"). There could be no doubt about Ney's authority while he was escorted by such an esteemed regiment. During the European Medieval Period infantry was nearly always either a conscripted levy or mercenaries; only the latter would have the discipline, training, and experience to withstand the morale shock of a heavy cavalry charge. Consequently the end-game exploit of a heavy cavalry charge moves up in the order, and can be executed very early in an attempt to either immediately rout the opponent, or gain an advantageous position for one's own archers. It is this arrogance on the part of the French knights, understandable in other circumstances, that leads to the English victories at Crecy, Poitiers, and Agincourt due to premature charges. The Peace of Westphalia included a ratification of independence of both Netherlands and Switzerland. No-one the Mongols fought, except themselves, could cope with this combination until their forces fragmented to a size that could be surrounded and overwhelmed by sheer numbers. As a consequence of the Battle of Pavia in 1525, suzerainty over Northern Italy(which had long been under French influence though technically part of the HRE) was transferred from Hapsburg Austria to Hapsburg Spain, transferring it out of the HRE. Charlemagne in particular created a pattern of Stem Duchies (and Marches) throughout the empire. These were to become substantial regional power bases for the respective ducal dynasties, but tempered by a universally acknowledged concept of an over-riding royal authority, and vassalage. Dozens of books, articles and offprints can be found on the famous Italian Condottierri in even the most cursory Google search. Best known for the staged bloodless battles of their later days, they originated as true mercenaries rather than fantastic stage troupes (sic). This worked pretty much as illustrated in the early scenes of the movie Frozen, it's fairy-tale setting not withstanding. They do what they were ordered; and, making a sudden sally from all the gates [of the camp], leave the enemy the means neither of knowing what was taking place, nor of collecting themselves. Fortune thus taking a turn, [our men] surround on every side, and slay those who had entertained the hope of gaining the camp and having killed more than the third part of an army of more than 30,000 men (which number of the barbarians it appeared certain had come up to our camp), put to flight the rest when panic-stricken, and do not suffer them to halt even upon the higher grounds.