Yes we do. It's called being civically responsible by being informed, engaged and participating by speaking about the issues, and, most importantly, voting. The same mechanism is at work here. If the Russians want to openly support Trump, they are free to do so, but as many or more people (who maybe feel that Russian interests might be detrimental to US interests) would react to that in the opposite direction vs what they want or intend (Russia/Putin loves Trump? Good enough for me!). Instead, they manipulated the elections and information circulating during the elections, but hid that they were doing it. When Iraq asked their kind-of friends, the USA, about our stance on the disputes, the USA responded that it was none of our business, and we had no interest in interfering with their dispute (instead of "we don't take a stance, but you better work it out peacefully"). Saddam seemed to take this as a wink-wink approval and indication that we wouldn't interfere. In a redux of his invasion of Iran to try and grab oil fields, he did the same with the much weaker Kuwait. Another example is when corporations create phony front organizations to propagate their propaganda. Cigarette companies, previously, and now fossil fuel companies pay people to set up phony "think tanks" and to try and obfuscate actual facts and science. It's not as though they actually believe the propaganda - the tobacco industry, back in the 60s, had scientific research of their own that showed how horrible smoking is for human health, and yet they denied it for decades, aided and abetted by their own network of "skeptics" and contrary "scientists." We know that Exxon/Mobile had internally-funded research done that concluded the climate change was real. Wikipedia: War Powers Resolution Both of those documents were written by the same Legislative attorney, FYI. This is similar to China being recognized as THE China, and Taiwan being recognized as, well, something different. Mainland China always gets very upset when officials from Taiwan are met or dealt with, because they consider that nation to be illegitimate, in their official stance. The system essentially provided "free" healthcare to some, with insurance and those who could pay making up the difference. I once lost coverage right after a major, scheduled surgery. I received bills for over $10,000 in total. You know what was shocking? I called the hospital up and they told me they'd take 70% off if I paid one lump sum. Now, in other settings people would call that a fleecing or a scam (that's a steep interest rate for financing, if you consider that all finance charges), but the 70% was clearly for not only the finance charges, but people who didn't pay at all (Emergency rooms all have signs saying they will treat you regardless of your ability to pay). This problem has diminished some, due to the expansion of Medicaid, but it's still there. As to what we got out of it? Public Relations That is a sound argument. But it was just as sound in 2013 [when Trump decried action in Syria]. Trump’s real motivation seems to be the fact that babies were “choked out” and that he saw it on TV. And it is this apparent fact that should give everyone — supporters and critics alike — the most cause for concern. Obamacare my have changed that some (it bumped payments for one year to try and increase acceptance rates). Still, Medicaid is not as widely accepted. This sentence describes the difference (emphasis mine) Medicaid — and Medicaid expansion — are specifically set up for the poor, and Nevada has about 600,000 people utilizing it. Of the state’s 2.9 million residents, about 11% remain without any healthcare coverage. However, what happens if Trump can't run for a second term? What happens to his campaign funds if he is impeached (and actually removed), resigns, or dies in office? I would extrapolate from this that Clinton will have a hard time (if not an impossible one) getting a security clearance again, but that's not a concern for the President. Since rule changes can be filibustered the same as any other vote, cloture can be required on them. The bolded section means that cloture on rule changes needs the full 2/3 supermajority, rather than the lesser 3/5 one. This is an attempt to protect the rules from constant editing. However, it's important to realize that this only affects cloture votes on rule changes. It does not affect votes on rule changes themselves (if no one filibusters and thus requires cloture), nor does it explicitly prevent alternative means of altering the rules which don't require cloture. This means that all Presidential elections happen during the last few months of the previous President's term, and the inauguration happens on the last day of the their term (which is also the first day of the new term). As my editorial (rather than personal) opinion, I think the last two are fairly clearly in the "not applicable here" category. The second one is probably in that category, since the material was not generally exposed (such as happened with Snowden). All the (healthy!) controversy should be on whether the "clearly intentional and willful mishandling" should apply or not, as your question asks. Possibility 1: The Democrats voted against to be obstructionist. Given that the Democrats couldn't block the bill itself, it's possible that they were just looking for any opportunity to shoot down a Republican initiative. Since this one ran afoul of the Byrd Rule, it was possible for them to get it stricken from the bill.