That is the reason to choose the appropriate tag. If you (for example) tag a Drupal question with php, it is probable you will get less answers than when you also add drupal, or any related tags. I agree that having ios-sdk-4.3 and ios4.3 (or ios-4.3) is completely useless, as the version of the SDK is named after the version of iOS for which the SDK is thought for. Those tags should be renamed to be more uniform, and avoid having ios-4.3, ios4-2, and ios32. It would also help not having tags for iOS 4.1 and 4.2, and just use a tag for iOS 4. The effect of adding relevant tags is to make the question visible to more users, who are then the users who can reply to the question. This doesn't automatically means more answers, as you could ask a question that needs to be understood before to be answered, or requires that somebody tests what you are reporting. Actually, the tag for .Net questions is .net, while for network-related questions there is networking. I would expect the question is referring to bugs when: The questions tagged net should be retagged using one of the other tags. It needs to be manually done, as it is first needed to read the question to understand if it is a question about networks, or about .NET. Once the questions are re-tagged, net could be made a synonym of networking, which already has network as synonym, or blacklisted to avoid it gets used from users that confuses it with .net or networking (as suggested by agf). yes-no is used for different purposes: from boolean fields, to dialog boxes, GUI elements, yes/no questions, and boolean settings. It is used with too many purposes to be useful, and in most of the cases knowing that the question is, for example, about yes/no questions rather than other type of questions is not relevant. I noticed there are two tags that seem similar: design, and so-design. Version tags are useful, but they should be used when the question is specific for that version, not for saying "I am using version X." On the English Language and Usage Stack Exchange site, I can edit question tags without editing the question body (I can edit the question wrote by another user). When the tag wiki doesn't exist, and you are creating it, it's really Community♦ that creates an empty tag wiki, to which is then added your proposed edit, when it gets approved. I see there are 52 questions tagged all-sites, which seems used for saying that the issue is for all the sites. Actually, not all the questions using that tag are shopping questions; there are questions that are about alternative methods for doing something (or alternative code to use). For sure, there are some questions that are not so good, and that could be closed, even if they are not shopping questions. In most of the cases, there is a place to report bugs for a framework, and that is the place where to report bugs. There isn't any reason you can retag a question simply for the fact you answered, or you are going to answer it. I normally edit a question I am going to answer, if it needs to be edited; one action doesn't exclude the other. On Drupal Answers, questions that are about a module are closed as off-topic, and the user is suggested to report the bug on Drupal.org, in the issue queue for the module containing the bug; if there is already a bug report open for that module, the OP sometimes get a link to the bug report already open. This is possible because in the Help Center, in the section about the topics of the site, we explicitly said bug reports are off-topic. We consider a question like "The X module is throwing a warning about a not defined variable in a module hook; what should I do?" as off-topic, since Drupal modules are supposed not to throw PHP warnings, and there is nothing that can be done, if not fixing the module code; that is only possible by opening a issue report for that module. Is the tag still relevant? It doesn't seem it describes something that actually exist, or an actual concept. Should the tag be removed? What you see in the history of a tag wiki is the creator of the tag wiki. You can only suggest edits for the tag wiki, with the reputation you have. If the tag wiki didn't exist before, then the Community user creates it for you. Looking in SO, I see a "Featured" tab under "Questions," but that tab lists all the questions for which has been offered a bounty. Where are the questions tagged featured shown?