New edit: On the evening of Friday September the 4th, after a phone conference with the prime minister of Hungary and apparently with the approval of the German government, the Austrian chancellor indicated that Austria and Germany are ready to let at least some refugees leave Hungary and enter Austria on the way to Germany. Institutions The main institutions are: Going through them one by one: Basically, the way this works at the moment is that, because the EU has a “single market”, it also handles negotiations on trade agreements with other countries. Should the UK leave, it could immediately join the negotiation and/or enter any trade agreement on its own. So the UK could easily become a party to the TTIP or any other similar agreement that could follow it, either together with the EU and the US or bilaterally with one or the other (although, in practice, it would probably wait to have sorted out a new relationship with the EU, which could take years in itself). 

France therefore cannot apply restrictions to Bulgarian and Romanian citizens per se and cannot require them to apply for a permit to work in France anymore. But it can still ask EU citizens (from all member states) to leave under certain conditions. Also note that when it happens, EU citizens are not detained or forcibly removed like non-EU citizens regularly are; they are asked to leave and sometimes given a bit of cash to pay for their trip (there have also been media reports of “camps” being “evacuated” or destroyed by the police but that's an internal police matter based on building regulations, zoning, laws against trespassing and loitering, etc. but not directly on residency requirements). 

By contrast, the rights to visit for less than three months or to reside as a worker or a family member are more extensive. They can only be restricted (e.g. by denying entry or actually detaining and deporting someone) on grounds of “public policy, public security or public health”. It might sound a bit vague but that's a very stringent test, narrowly interpreted by the court. It could for example be the case of someone found guilty of a serious crime and under a deportation order. Another complex issue is the working language of the EU itself. There are political reasons why it cannot explicitly proclaim English to be the sole working language but it's not so far from it in practice. Apart from some small corners of the EU bureaucracy (e.g. the court and the legal service of the Commission, which traditionally work in French), English is already used a lot. 

If you don't qualify for either of those, you're left with point (b) and it comes with a big caveat: you should not “become a burden on the social assistance system”. In practice, it means you must have resources above the level to qualify for welfare benefits in the host country. That's the legal basis for France's treatment of Romas, for the requirements to get residence cards in Spain or Portugal, for Belgium expelling EU citizens, etc. Here is a graph with a quick overview of the scores in each category: Those in favour of a break with the EU often paint a rosy picture in which the UK is able to get what it wants and maintain unfettered access to the single market while sceptics tend to assume that the EU cannot offer to renege on some core principle like the freedom of movement for persons but at this stage it's mostly guesswork (and possibly quite a bit of bluff/wishful thinking on both sides). 

The first problem for Hungary is that it's extremely difficult to secure a land border, humanely and cost-effectively. The US has poured a lot of money into securing its border with Mexico, which often runs through very hostile terrain and yet hasn't made it completely impassable. Spain has built a huge fence on the tiny border around its exclaves in Morocco and that hasn't actually stopped people from crossing so that it had to resort to aggressive (and illegal) police tactics to push them back (to fix ideas, the Ceuta Border fence is 6-metre high but only 8.4 km long, secured by hundreds of police, with cameras and watch-posts; Hungary has 175 km of border with Serbia and already built a 3.5 m fence behind rows of barbwire). 

One situation in which it could happen is when a MEP is found guilty of a crime. For that to happen, the authorities of the country where the procedure takes place first have to ask the parliament to drop the MEP immunity. And the extent of the parliamentary immunity also depends on the rules of the national parliament, so again might differ from one MEP to the next! You can find a brief Q&A on this on the website of the parliament.