Sentence (1) could be derived by leaving everything in situ (= zero displacements, maximal economy) and if so should be the optimal ‘solution’ and, presumably, the ‘unmarked’ version of the question. [Alternatively, of course, (1) would involve at least (Aux)V-Raising into Foc preceded by earlier (Aux)V-raising from Mod into T and lower (Aux)V-to-Infl raisings of usando, estado and haber into the respective Infl heads just above them, but if that is the mechanism by which verbal inflections and other features are ‘checked’, ‘licensed’ or whatever, then all other sentences (2-6) would also involve such displacements and we may as well disregard all such moves for the purpose of establishing which of (1-6) are more or less ‘economical’ and which unmarked/marked]. 

Obviously, in cases like Greg Lee's above, a non-finite clause introduced by the 'complementizers' with or without simply cannot be controlled, because 'Control', as defined in GB, P&P and subsequent Chomskian metatheory, does not apply to 'referential' NP/DPs like the onlookers, which, by definition, must be autonomous in reference (recall Principle C of Binding Theory), but, assuming you are interested only in non-finite predications containing PRO subjects, the answer is still No, non-finite adverbial clauses do not have to be 'controlled', because their PRO subject can - if only in exceptional cases - be arbitrary in reference, as in e.g. PRO Talking about serious matters now, what do you think of Trump's attitude towards Russia and Putin? Of course, in all the examples you provide in your question (and you could have added predications apparently consisting only of PPs, NPs, etc.), PRO subjects are controlled, and they are controlled by the subject of the 'main clause', but there is no choice: such PROs cannot be controlled by NP/DPs in any other position, because 'control' requires c-command and no NP/DP can c-command a detached adjunct from any lower position than that of subject. As to whether Green with envy, Bound in leather, etc. could be analysed other than as bare (or 'small', 'reduced', 'verbless' etc.) 'clauses' (i.e.,'predications'), I agree with you that, from a Chomskian perspective, they cannot, but, even if, according to some other grammatical metatheory, they could be considered detached 'predicative' APs (PPs, NPs, etc.), instead of 'clauses', the fact would remain that green, bound, etc. are 'open', one-place 'predicates', and, unless a 'predicate' has a 'subject' argument, it is, by definition, 'unsaturated' and uninterpretable (in the sense that any unvalued variable makes the value of the function undefinable). Hence, even if other grammatical metatheories are entitled to object to 'empty' categories like Chomsky's PRO, they still have to say somehow that the 'external' argument of green, bound, etc. (or its theta-role) is 'discharged' ('satisfied', 'saturated',... you name it) by the entity referred to by the subject of the main clause, which makes such alternative solutions and Chomsky's original one mere notational variants of each other at best! (i.e., provided the alternative solutions represent co-reference, c-command restrictions, and other principles of Control Theory in terms comparable in rigor and accuracy to Chomsky's own). 

As far as I can see, that, by itself, is an unsurmountable difficulty, but there is more: then, DG will need 'correspondence rules' to 'link' syntactic to semantic terms, and, to my knowledge, those have not been developed either. Much the same happens with (dictionary)'verbs' like drink that can apparently be used either intransitively (= 'with an implicit argument?'), as in He drinks (daily/too much), or transitively, as in He drinks only beer. In this case, the difference in meaning is more notorious, which points to the existence of two different lexemes (= two homophonous verbs drink1 and drink2), but let's apply a couple of 'zeugma tests' anyway and see whether the results corroborate that intuition. 

In closing, I would like to expand my critical remarks by elaborating on a simple, but powerful (I hope) would-be conceptual argument against Dependency Grammar as programmatically presented in its foundational manifestos. It goes, more or less, as follows: 

You do not account for wh-movement by just drawing an arc between What and buy in What did he say he wanted to buy?, nor explain the ungrammaticality of '*Who did you say that wanted the job?' by not drawing any arc between who and wanted, nor account for the twofold dependency between the subject He and the two verbs has and playing in He has been playing the guitar by drawing a couple of arcs between He and -s and play, nor predict the binding phenomena by drawing another arc between He and himself in He promised Tom to do it himself or omitting it between He and him in He promised him to do it himself, etc. 

I therefore recently asked in a very large English language forum whether the 'passive gerund' construction was possible with polyadic/multi-predicate gerunds like appointing, comparing, giving, making, offering, persuading, sending, etc. in cases like (1-10) or not and the unanimous answer of all the British and American speakers who replied was 'no', with the possible exception of example (7), which some - to their surprise - found more acceptable than the rest: 

Now, in English, a standard test for the complements/attributes of verbs like seem is that they can be replaced by so. Hence, in a dialogue between A and B, A might remark It seems that they hate each other and B might, in case s/he agreed, say (Yes,) So it seems, or, in case B did not agree, s/he might reply It seems so, and perhaps add but [I know that] they do not [really hate each other]. In any case, however, what is left in situ/raised into the Focus position at the front of the clause is not the subject, which remains it in both cases, but the pro-form so standing for the that clause in complement of V position.