Conclusion Go re-read the summary. You love her, and you merely want to help her avoid the pitfalls of life in this world that will hurt her, or prevent her from reaching her capacity as an adult. This time provides a breather before she becomes a full teenager, and launches herself into the world. Use it to gently guide her thoughts and feelings, and she will develop the relationship skills you value. There is no need to punish her for what she's written in a private journal, but now that you've awoken to the reality of your little girl growing up and changing, put careful thought into how you can best guide her into paths of growth and happiness. 

So there's no real need to snoop. If you felt she was in specific danger, and she's already completely lost your trust and respect, then you might have a compelling need to discover information she may be hiding. 

Parental snooping Others have addressed this, and so I feel like I should as well. 

At this age, depending on how you've raised her, it's unlikely that anything serious will develop. She's just barely exploring her thoughts and feelings - in fact even writing down the words "I love [so and so]" may seem terribly exciting for her, and she might not actually be acting on these feelings. 

He already joins group activities like sports, swimming etc., so he also gets in contact with other children. Hormone therapy The only working solution here at this stage would be a hormone therapy, which suppresses the production of urine during the night (if I am not mistaken) and therefore reduces the urge to urinate. Our 7 year-old son has a 6 year-old girl friend and the 2 were really very close friends - one heart and one soul. 

candidates remark: sure I don't want to decide for him which friends to choose, but I see which children he likes and which might fit to him 

Children do have to develop the hormonal processes which make them wake up if they need to urinate during their sleep. Some do earlier, some do later, but you definitely can not "teach" them to wake up in the night! That's why a solution with a sensor in his pants which gives an alarm to wake him up will most probably not make sense yet. 

For our problems with encopresis and enuresis, which do last for years already, we consulted a doctor, specialized in this topic and still are in regular contact with her. 

(EDIT) 2 years later the situation has not changed. He is about 8.5 years now and still needs a diaper each night. To avoid an "overload" of the diaper, we wake him up and send him to the toilet once per night between midnight and 2 AM. That way, we can avoid the bed getting wet regularly and reduces the laundry dramatically. It is still difficult to wake him up, but he has become used to it and is cooperative most times (and only rarely reacts angrily). 

Home Behavior is something you can directly influence. As long as you're working together to keep an eye on behavior, attention, and your daughter's progress, it's much simpler to deal with problems that may arise. Figuring out what works and what doesn't, and sharing what you've found effective at home, will help the teacher figure out what tools or techniques they can use in the classroom to keep her learning. Parenting a Child with AD/HD http://www.help4adhd.org/en/living/parenting/WWK2 

Not Paying Attention? Improve Listening Skills in ADHD Children at Home and School http://www.additudemag.com/adhd/article/5934-2.html (classroom) http://www.additudemag.com/adhd/article/5934-3.html (home) 

Concentrate on positive statements and praise. Kids with attention problems get used to constantly being told that they are bad at paying attention. Since they really are trying and just can't do as well as expected, this can lead to a lot of self-blame and low self-esteem. Finding opportunities to praise even the littlest successes -- once we learned about this strategy, I can't say it's completely turned my son's life around, but his bouts of crying over how he's "stupid" and "the worst" and "can't do anything right" have significantly decreased. 

I have had very few conversations with my son about the Importance Of Focusing and How To Pay Attention. In retrospect, the majority of them were probably pretty insulting, because it's stuff that he knows almost instinctively -- if you don't listen to your parent or teacher, you'll miss important information (including, occasionally, "it's time to eat dessert, come here if you want some!"), so listening is important. He just wasn't able to pay attention well. He tended to be more receptive when I instead led with, "I know you have a hard time paying attention, and I appreciate it so much when you are focused." Such talks aren't useful when he's tired, being reprimanded for not paying attention, or interested in doing something else and therefore not really listening -- we save it for quiet time before bed or something like that. 

I've found that those suggestion are useful for neurotypical children, too. Any child can benefit from making activities interesting and engaging, redirecting bad behavior instead of reprimanding, having an organized schedule and structured life -- I find the advice to be useful for all three of my children, not just the one officially diagnosed as ADHD. 

I know a number of parents with AD(H)D children, including myself. Some of our children are medicated, some aren't. Indeed, at such a young age it's highly unusual for medication to be recommended -- instead, there are a variety of suggestions for behavioral interventions. ADD/ADHD Parenting Tips: Helping Children and Teens with Attention Deficit Disorder http://www.helpguide.org/articles/add-adhd/attention-deficit-disorder-adhd-parenting-tips.htm#helping