In "Union 1.0," once a workplace voted to organize, it effectively becomes a monopoly, requiring anyone who wishes to work at that facility subsidize the union. My wife, for example, as a teacher, can in many states, be required to financially support the NEA, even if they are promoting things that are exactly contrary to what she and I believe. Right to work does not compel such union subsidies, meaning that my wife would not, say, have to quit her job on principle. She could simply choose not to support the union. As such, the union has to not overreach, serving that useful check. 

This very question was at the heart of Jeremy Rifkin's The End of Work. Way back in the mid-90s, already, he was noticing that low-skilled work in particular was being mechanized to the point where large numbers of people would be without work. 

Almost every major financial institution has a clause that says their disputes will be meditated and judged by the laws of the United States (e.g. New York) or the United Kingdom (e.g. London). While Argentina could try going to London, the actors are aware of each other, and nobody will want to lend to a country that doesn't abide by international norms. 

(3) Social classes exist in the Roman Catholic hierarchy and Vatican City whose functional members are sworn to poverty, and all wealth is corporately owned by the church entity. 

(2) Social classes exist in military in which all productive resources are owned by the government. Indeed, class hierarchy distinctions are a defining feature of military organizations. 

The New York Times mentions this quote in a November 21, 2016 story about "White Nationalism". The original interview is available in audio form here. 

As part of the race to the bottom, disclosure of ownership requirement have almost completely vanished (or was never imposed in the first place) for both business entities and trusts. 

(6) Social classes exist in every Communist regime that has ever been, with a first order distinction between party members and people who are not party members, and further distinctions on up the line. 

It is really even more pervasive than that, because there are significant tax disincentives to create C-corporations except in cases of foreign ownership or publicly held companies, where C-corporations are the only permitted tax regime. For example, there are strong tax reasons for C-corporations not to own real estate, where the tax treatment of pass through entities who disclose their ownership to the IRS is much more favorable. 

Yes, Standard of Living correlates with higher education, because the latter is included in the measurement of the former. 

The report pointed to expanding unemployment benefits as the program that gets the next biggest bang for the buck. That's because, although the unemployed are already getting checks, they need to spend the money. For every dollar spent here, the economy would see a return of $1.64, Zandi said. 

The calculation of the stimulative impact of the minimum wage, however, must also account for the offsetting shift from employers. [...] The minimum-wage multiplier is between [...] (.53 to .74) 

There are several measures of Standard of Living. One is created for evaluating quality of life in OECD countries. You can run your own comparisons on the data here, and change the weight placed on each variable. You will notice little fluctuation, especially with those nations that have low education scores. 

A similar study found (quite possibly the same one) a much smaller multiplier in regard to a federal minimum wage increase. (Full Text)