Leaving another comment to point out that I deleted my comment is a bad idea. Post all relevant code. Assume that Select isn't broken. Be engaged in your post, and when people come up with questions, update your post to answer those questions. Some of the comments are borderline, but overall the problem is that you're being told something by the community ("Hey, post the code we need to see."), but you haven't responded to them. You haven't provided that code, and to top it off, you're jumping to the conclusion that it must be a problem in .NET. then it will stay around... for a while. In the long run, all comments are eventually useless, so don't expect to put good information into a comment, it should be in an answer. There are two reasons for deleting comments that I can see: should show up in place of the comment I deleted. We need a better method of deleting comments. Whether that's being able to select a large swath of comments at once (click and drag?), or to nuke all comments and then selectively undelete the ones that could stay, I don't know. What I do know is that the current method is unsustainable if the argument is that some comments should stick around. The hope here is that this name is immediately incongruous to flaggers looking for the "destructive" flag, while still close enough to "useless" (particularly with the subtext) to serve that purpose. The flag to use is "Rude or abusive". They are, after all, rude. Additionally, in an answer on the post about the "longer" in "No longer needed," Shog9 said that's part of why "longer" is in the name "No longer needed": Now, the question was poorly asked (and downvoted and closed), but that doesn't mean that comment is useful or appropriate. On SO recently a poorly-asked question received this comment: But "No longer needed" seems like...underkill. :-) (And inaccurate, as has been noted before.) I hesitate to flag it as "Rude or abusive" (it's rude; it's not abusive), even though the name says "or abusive," because that seems like overkill. Trust the moderators to handle the flag appropriately (e.g., if it's just rude and not abusive, not to hit the poster with a disproportionate penalty). Also, I wouldn't say that removing comments you made in the heat of an argument is "dishonest" in the first place. It's happened to me a couple of times that I removed things I said after a good night's sleep. When that happens, it's arguably a good thing. Thomas,Could you review your example.Since i think the String phone in first code snippet should be public.!!!! It was closed because it was a crap question with zero specific detail, or previous research. Fears of comment spam can be mitigated by limiting the tool to 2k+ users. Also, it's not like comment spam wasn't possible before. Many comments become noise over time. At the same time, some comments add valuable information to the question or answer and should be preserved permanently. Why not emphasize that more clearly, and leave figuring out what needs to happen to the team. Otherwise the complaint will be watered down by just another round of well-meant ideas from us Meta users, and discussion that will lead nowhere. Don't worry: deleting your own comments doesn't get you off the hook if you wrote something really, really bad. Moderators can still see deleted comments. If you have a serious complaint about a comment that was deleted, flag for moderator attention and they will look into it. The change would create added incentive to incorporate important information into questions and answers. Ctrl + Alt + 8 and Ctrl + Alt + 9. @3ventic, in the comments, says that for his (Finnish?) layout, it's even a triple: Because of this, I often end up pasting raw URLs into comments instead of making them look nice and fancy using linkified text. If they do not turn their comment into an answer, and it's your question, it is perfectly within your rights to use the commenter's input and self-answer your question with the solution. If you feel really "cheap" about your answer, you can always make it Community Wiki. There's been plenty of discussion and dozens of suggestions on how to make comments tidier / more limited / self-cleaning / auto-expiring. The option of hiding non-upvoted comments after 30 days has even been brought into play by Jeff himself if I remember correctly, and I think that's the way it's showed to non-logged-in users already. The comment you started will get posted while you leave the page. Discussions, requests for clarification etc. would clean themselves up automatically after four to six weeks. Only the stuff that someone wants to actively preserve remains. It's MUCH easier for us to just deal with individual flags. @PaddedCell Just flag appropriately in a way that won't leave broken remnants of a conversation. It's much faster for us to go through them that way rather than digging through a user's entire timeline. Each individual flag we receive is ideally actionable with a few (or single) click. There is the argument that "if you see a comment you don't like, respond to it". But how realistic is a hand-crafted response to every rude comment that floats around?