This was because the fine wasn't a particularly immediate punishment. Losing a couple dollars over the course of a week had extremely minimal impact on their ability to be comfortable day-to-day (they still were fed, clothed, and sheltered), and by the time it did have an impact the next time they wanted to buy themselves a treat or toy, they couldn't remember why they didn't have enough money. There was no connection between "I yelled at my mom" and "I can't afford Pokemon cards", so the punishment was ultimately useless for changing their behavior. Intervening in somebody else's parenting is often interpreted as stepping in to discipline, but can also take a positive aspect: thanking the toddler for returning the toy ("Thank you, Child is glad to have that back! I'm sure he'll let you play with it soon"), and a brief thanks to the mother ("I appreciate you helping out in that situation"). If this is her first child, she's still learning about this whole parenting thing, too. Getting positive reinforcement from other parents is a nice thing, and it can proactively send a message about what boundaries you're establishing for your own children. Playgroups can be about parental bonding just as much as giving small children a chance to play together. If it's a situation where a replacement item is needed, then they're responsible for the price of that item. If I've bought cupcakes for everyone but only one child ate them all, then that child needs to pay up -- if they wanted to get five cupcakes, they would have had to buy five cupcakes from the store. When my son broke his younger brother's toy in a fit of anger, they had to go to the store together to buy a replacement. The cost to them was dependent on what restitution needed to be made (high-end cookies are expensive, a dinner mint is not). I wouldn't perceive this as a lack of trust, necessarily. Rather, he is checking that you fulfill his request. I imagine that there are times you refuse unreasonable requests (such as too many sweets or staying up late), and so he's trying to learn what you will and won't do for him. Fidgets are small toys or gadgets that can be twiddled, poked, and/or clicked. The idea was explained to me as giving fingers something to do that doesn't take much brain power, allowing an ADHD child to concentrate better by channeling their distraction into the fidget so they can listen to the teacher better. An additional thought is to enroll them in a dance class. Look for low-pressure, short lessons once a week that focus on movement and expression, giving them a space for their dance. It sounds a little counterintuitive (they should be dancing more?!?), but an "official" outlet means you can remind them that dancing that vigorously is for classtime, not the grocery store (e.g.). I used to fine them for other stuff, charging a quarter or dollar for miscellaneous misbehavior like rudeness, failing to listen, fighting with a sibling... but it was ineffective. Sure, I was saving money on allowance, but I didn't see any noticeable improvement in behavior. It's reasonable to set some limits on their behavior in public if they're significantly negatively impacting other people. I don't personally feel that children need to be completely silent, but I also think reasonable limits on volume and behavior are appropriate. Edited to add: I'm also realizing (from other comments and from considering my toddler's behavior) that part of it is imitating parenting. For example, if you tell him, "Let's go into this room," do you look to see that he's following? He's decided that's an expected part of the process, and therefore watches you! Earlier this afternoon I was filling a sippy cup for my son, and he said "Oh, good job, mommy," (the same inflection I use towards him!) and patted me on the shoulder when I handed him the cup.