I'm parsing some baseball data, so I need to be able to appropriately award saves, blown saves, holds, etc. In doing so, I came across some examples that I'm unsure how to handle. My intuition: 1) No, because there is no other pitcher eligible to receive the win. Hence, it's not truly a save situation, and Billy can't be charged with a blown save. 2) Yes, because Billy could be assigned the win, thus Charlie would have entered in a save situation. Therefore, he would be charged with a blown save. 3) No, it doesn't make any sense for a pitcher to get a hold and the pitcher that relieves him gets a win when their team does not surrender their lead. Example 1: Suppose Adam is the starter and he leaves the game after 4 innings and his team is leading by a run. Billy comes in and pitches into the 8th, when he gives up the tying run. Is Billy charged with a blown save? Here is a hypothetical example only for double double type of what I'm looking for: Brazil just lost 1-7 to Germany in 2014 World Cup. What is the biggest loss ever among the top 4 teams in a world cup (that is biggest lost in the semifinals, 3rd place match or the final match)? Did this game have the biggest margin of victory? What game had the most goals? Percentage of each of the above categories is how often that category was part of double doubles. Of course a complete answer would have the same kind of percentage breakdown for all double types. A double consists of a player accumulating double digit number in one of the following categories per game: points, assists, rebounds, steals, and blocked shots. Achieving 2, 3, 4, or 5 doubles in a game is called double double, triple double, quadruple double, and quintuple double, respectively. What is the percentage breakdown of each category for each of the 5 double types in the NBA? In other words, the percentage of a category for a given double type is the ratio of number of double that include that category to the number of all doubles. I'm parsing some baseball data, so I need to be able to appropriately award saves, blown saves, holds, etc. In doing so, I came across some examples that I'm unsure how to handle. Example 2: Suppose pitcher Adam is the starter and he leaves the game after 4 innings and his team is leading by a run. Billy comes in and pitches a scoreless 5th and 6th. The score is unchanged when Charlie comes in in the 7th, and allows the tying run. Is Charlie charged with a blown save? Example 3: Suppose pitcher Adam is the starter and he leaves the game after 4 innings and his team is leading by a run. Billy comes in and pitches a scoreless 5th. The score is unchanged when Charlie comes in in the 6th, and he pitches a scoreless 6th, 7th, and 8th. It is still a 1 run game when David comes in in the 9th, and records a scoreless 9th. Could the official scorer determine that Charlie deserves the win (hence David gets a save), while Billy gets a hold? My intuition: 1) No, because there is no other pitcher eligible to receive the win. Hence, it's not truly a save situation, and Billy can't be charged with a blown save. 2) Yes, because Billy could be assigned the win, thus Charlie would have entered in a save situation. Therefore, he would be charged with a blown save. 3) No, it doesn't make any sense for a pitcher to get a hold and the pitcher that relieves him gets a win when their team does not surrender their lead.