Originality of stories from Qur'an: Most of the stories from Qur'an are borrowed from the Bible with incomplete accounts and many times twisted. Years are not mentioned. There is no sequence. Names are also confusing. Example, Qur'an has no mention of the names of Cain and Abel and also who was the elder or who was the evil one. Sacrifice for forgiveness of sin was not commanded prior to the time of Moses. Animal sacrifice was commanded as a Sin Offering through Moses. While Jesus was on Earth, God's will was to listen and follow him. After Jesus died on the Cross, God's will was to believe in the Cross. After Jesus ascended to heaven God's will was to establish the church. Now, God's will for us is to wait faithfully until Christ returns. God's divine plan is revealed one by one with the course of time. Therefore, Christians should always go in line with the Will of God and the Divine Plan. God also reveals His truth according to His timeline. God foresaw that many will be destroyed by His wrath: God had the foreknowledge of how He must purify the world by flood but there is a bigger judgement ahead. While God knew that many will be saved through Christ's sacrifice, He also knew that still many more will be destroyed by His wrath; He knew that many will go to Hell by rejecting Jesus Christ. God was ready for all the outcome, both the salvation of few and the destruction of many, and was ready to pay the price. Dialogue with Trypho: A good book which defends the early Christian Faith and theology. Trinity concept is well explained here. Note: Only the NT Canons are regarded as Divinely Inspired by God. Other books like the ones mentioned here may or may not be inspired by God. Even, how the Book of Revelation was selected instead of The Apocalypse of Peter in the NT Canon is also something which we don't really understand. Didache: A book which explains the ordinances of the early Christian church. Method of Baptism is well described. Did the Qur'an fall from the sky? NO How many years Qur'an took to complete? Approximately 23 years. 100 years later it was put into written form. The answer may vary among the Christians. It depends on how much we understand and accept God's Divine Plan. Epistles of Clement: This epistle was included in many of the oldest surviving copies of NT. Prerequisite: Before giving a straight answer, we need to deal with the canonization of the Bible which is a subject of endless debate. Therefore, let us assume that the Bible in this context means the complete Bible including the Apocryphal Books as well. Still there are some authentic books which are of far less importance, written by the Church Fathers, but I don't think they are worth mentioning. The Kingdom of God or Heaven literally means the Realm where God dwells. How many authors Bible has? Approximately 40 men. All from different times and places with different languages but were writing in harmony to each other. Conclusion: As mentioned, these books are not equivalent to the NT Canons but are very close. There is no need of reading them because they speak the same thing what the Canons are saying. They are useful only to defend the authenticity of the NT Canons and to know the early Christian Faith. We have no right to question God our creator God has a plan for everything. We cannot say that even the movements of a tiny living creature is planned by God but, on a Bigger scale, God plans everything.