If so, then we can have an object that alters "in some mental respect without altering in some physical respect" in some appropriate sense of not altering the physical state (probably relative to other possible worlds, since in this world the physical is in flux). Philosophers have discussed the question of personal identity of humans, including humans uploaded to hypothetical computers; but are there any notable discussions of the problems of personal identity of a future strong artificial intelligence (outside the context of uploaded minds)? And as for the feeling of certainty: I sometimes say to myself, “I am sure it’s . . . o’clock”, and in a more or less confident tone of voice, and so on. If you ask me the reason for this certainty, I have none. That said, Turing continues the above quote with the following: I am curious as to why so often non-philosophers, but nevertheless intelligent people who are supposed to know something about the nature of computation, insist there is nothing in their inner experience which cannot be reproduced/simulated by a Turing machine. [A shameless plug warning] However, while I find that kind of speculation attractive, I believe the thought experiments he employs to argue for the principle of organizational invariance are not convincing - and I argue for it in Yet Another Objection to Fading and Dancing Qualia. Can't one explain these cases with failure of memory rather than absence of consciousness? how would you eliminate that possibility? and the class of effectively computable functions (p. 15) (note that effectively does not mean efficiently): I wonder if such a zombie could conclude cogito ergo sum since I believe Descartes really meant (inner) experience entails existence, and that the purpose of I in that statement is simply to point out that first person, direct inner witnessing, rather than some concept of a self. Finally, as to the question of how consciousness "stimulates the behavior of living beings"-- this is largely, but not universally, accepted; there are some who argue that consciousness is purely epiphenomenal, and has no causal role in behavior. Now, superficially, this appears to say absolutely nothing. There may be a philosophical thought lurking behind the surface here somewhere, but you're going to have to draw it out for us. If the question remains "What do you think of the view of consciousness stated in the quote above?" my answer is "Not much." There's not much more us guys here can offer, until you refine the question. Since you are asking about the nature of consciousness, and not bliss or existence, we can bracket those parts for now, which leaves us with: The short answer, for the vast majority of Western philosophers, is "it doesn't." All sentient beings, by definition, possess consciousness, but this does not mean that they all partake of (the same) consciousness, or that consciousness as such pervades all conscious beings. What's more, for many philosophers-- let's say Husserl, and those that follow him-- each individual consciousness is radically unknowable by any other consciousness. There is literally no way that anyone else can have direct access to my thoughts. Furthermore, for many philosophers-- let's say those influenced by Freud, to begin with-- no individual consciousness is completely transparent to itself. In other words, there is literally no way that I can be fully aware of the contents of my own consciousness. In the third sense, Aquinas sometimes used the Latin word species instead of the Latin forma: Both Descartes and Malebranche were influenced by Augustine, so it should come as no big surprise that there are similarities in their views concerning the body and soul. Like Anaxagoras and Aristotle, Augustine presents another version of the sui generis argument, maintaining that the soul must be distinct in nature from that which is represented in consciousness. Augustine's argument appeals to the fact that sensation must be adequately suited to "spiritual vision" (visio spiritalis), as opposed to "bodily vision" (visio corporalis), in order for it to be intelligible: What is particularly interesting about this is that it demonstrates continuity with the ideas of Anaxagoras, Aristotle and Augustine that the mind has a certain nature which is incompatible with the objects of perception. Therefore, according to the philosophy of Aquinas, there must be an adaptation from the physical to the phantasm and finally to the intelligible species. He supports this idea with the argument that intelligible species have to have the same mode of existence as the human intellect: This first response is kind of trivial, because not all continuities are adequate for the tasks at hand. A magnetic field, for example, most likely lacks the necessary articulation which would be required to serve as a information medium. Putnam's second argument is more interesting: In his work, The Principles of Psychology, James makes the following comments: The form which inheres in the mind. (See: IV Sententia d. 49, q. 2, a. 1.) In addition to that, Augustine also presents arguments for convincing people that images of objects are formed in the mind (De Trinitate, 11.2.3). One such argument draws the reader's attention to consider the nature of afterimages, and in the same section he also presents a double-vision argument. This latter argument is illustrated with the idea of a candle seen as double when the convergence of the eyes does not correctly fall upon the object observed: