You give several examples where conservative position seems to be "in favor of restriction of good", but with one notable exception (gay marriage), none of those examples are a good fit - two of the prominent ones (pro-life and anti-euthiasia positions) for conservatives are about protection of life which takes precedence over any other freedoms, and are no more about restricting goods than a position that murder should be illegal is about restricting "freedom to commit crime". Immigration isn't about restricting freedom either; but about balancing different freedoms (freedom of people wishing to enter the country as expression of their freedom of association; vs. freedom of people already citizens of the country, as expression of their freedom of association AND freedom of property). They were all smart and insightful people, and as such they surely anticipated that people in politics would surely tend to organize into "factions". “Saddam’s goal … is to achieve the lifting of U.N. sanctions while retaining and enhancing Iraq’s weapons of mass destruction programs. We cannot, we must not and we will not let him succeed.” — Madeline Albright, 1998, Clinton's Secretary of State. The later gets translated into political pressure on legislature 

There's just a lot more Sunnis than Shia. Attacks require resources. 

Having said that, there is absolutely no legitimate excuse[1] for a government official to set up a private email server for their work. Anyone in that position ought to just use corporate (government in this case) email, the way 99% of the American workforce who emails do - there's just zero reason not to. 

First of all, libertarians don't support EITHER side here. Most of them want marriage equality via the means of turning marriage into a private contract between consenting adults, with ZERO involvement by the state. 

Violation of the Freedom Of Information Act (FOIA) 

If Puerto Rico votes to become USA's 51st state, what effect (if any) would it have on Spanish being the primary official language? Other things aside, Saddam HAD in the past developed and actually used (against Kurds in Iraq) chemical weapons. 

More importantly, commission of a crime is not contingent on intentions. If I go, and with good intentions, commit a crime, I would still get arrested and convicted (although in some cases, intentions might impact on the sentencing, they do not impact on the verdict). 

Let's group these together into larger themes: As such, should he decide to do a "loser" move by pre-emptively cutting off "Not accepting" tactic, it will hurt him with his base's engagement and morale. Set the tone for national conversation. Asked if they believe the news media is "exaggerating the problems with the Trump Administration because they are uncomfortable and threatened with the kind of change Trump represents," 89% of Republicans agreed. Overall, the figure falls to 53%, with just 21% of Democrats buying in to the "fake news" claims.