Because of these severe consequences I usually avoid locking altogether and try to deal with the problem in other ways. Locking just has far too severe side-effects for my taste, I don't want to prevent anyone from voting or answering just because there is an edit-war on the post. http://eutils.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/eutils/efetch.fcgi?db=pubmed&id=22522933&rettype=xml 

Nobody reads the second page of answers anyway. If having that many answers is so harmful that we currently punish all users, even those that posted excellent answers early, then we should simply add a hard limit to the number of answers. Questions with multiple pages of answers are very problematic and time-consuming to moderate, the later answers tend to be rather crappy or duplicate answers, and not enough people see and moderate them because they are on the second or third page. 

This is the one mechanism that is not primarily used for the reputation denial. But it is still a confusing mechanism that doesn't really serve any useful purpose. I don't think anyone would miss it if it were simply removed. 

This would make it easier to spot the problematic posts, as not everybody has to review every post. It would minimize the duplication of effort and make the whole process more efficient. This would not only make sure that users have a chance to reconsider the deletion, but it would also help against mistakes by moderators when deleting accounts. As the recovery of a deleted account is a rather involved procedure, I think it would be worth it to try to minimize the chance of this being necessary. A failed migration like that is very confusing to the user asking the question in the first place, and also unnecessary work for the moderators of both sites, as they have to coordinate to clear the migration history and delete the migrated question. But that is not how it is used most of the time. If a user that is completely new to SE would look at CW posts, I strongly doubt that they could make any sense of why certain posts are CW. There is nothing "wiki" or "community" about those posts, and that is because in most cases CW is misused as a reputation denial mechanism. And while part of this misuse is by the communities, a very large part is actually by SE itself. There are several automatic conversions to community wiki, and most of them are misusing CW for the reputation denial side-effect. .. then we have a pretty clear picture. It's not that I don't trust the judgement of any individual moderator, I just want more sanity where network wide destruction of an account is the result. Notice, the amount of work users have to do in order to keep it out isn't commensurate with the amount we actually block, but this particular wave that you're mentioning is in fact changing that perception, even though it's not the case. My job here is to make them not-so-long. I'm working on it. To clear up any ambiguity, here's the choices you have, and when you might consider using them. 

What if the system was made smarter, much smarter, and made the same decisions that Jon / Shog / I make when deciding if invalidation is in order? What if moderators were only tasked with edge cases the system found to be exceptional in order to decide what (if any) action the system should take? Larger rings, someone with a penchant for revenge down-voting, and more - that's what needs to get pushed to the moderators so they know about it.