The amount of belly-aching this would cause alone makes it a very expensive thing to implement. People get very attached to even their most tiny creations. In the case of comments on an extremely high signal-to-noise platform, those creations are unfortunately not likely to last very long. I see your point about how this could help to teach in a just-in-time way, but I'm pretty confident that would be in an underwhelming minority of cases. 

... parse HTML with INTERCAL .... .... more proper answer goodness .... 

Edit the question to fix anything that you can. It's rare that missing information is the only thing wrong with a question. Show the user through action that we take ownership as a community in all of the content that we curate. 

If you're posting that much code in an attempt to get clarification, you probably feel like you've figured out what the OP wants. Unless you're really sure you've figured it out, it's better to just use comments. This remains a problem that we want to solve, but the solution I've come up with and those in comments just have too many potential pitfalls. The biggest problem is comment moderation tools aren't that great, and opening them up earlier, or lifting the rep barrier altogether just opens up the door to too much potential abuse. 

Still, we need to see them. If a post: 

Most people would just start screaming at the wall, or, worse, each other. If the answer to that is yes, then: As far as moderation goes, a post either is or is not an answer. If it is not an answer, it will be removed. Note, it doesn't have to be correct, it just has to be something that doesn't raise more questions than it addresses. Anything else I fear is going to require a hard look at our comment system and the tools available to moderate them (which, quite frankly, stink). I really think we should be looking at ways to reduce the amount of work comments create. While your idea would work, I feel very awkward about the ask involved with putting them through /review. If you don't have the time, inclination or patience to help the person, then avoid commenting altogether. As Yannis points out, this doesn't say anything bad about you. Just use your flags and votes and contribute positively on other questions. 

Just try not to feel the need, or at least resist the urge to jab the author of the question for asking a poor question. Remember, leaving a comment to help a new user is supposed to be just that - help, not a whitewashed way to show your dislike for the question that they asked. So, this is a scenario we do handle. Additionally, if enough comments by the same user get flagged, I believe a comment ban come into play. So, in your first scenario, Alice will only see the comment by Charlie♦ (assuming he deleted within an hour of posting the comment and that the comment was for Alice). 

Additionally, deleted comments (and their history) are only visible to moderators and staff. Now, you seem to be concerned about the ability to script a commenting bot of some sort - this is not an issue because comments are rate limited. We only allow commenting every 5 seconds. 

When an answer is deleted, only comment notifications to the OP left by the deleting moderator within that last hour will remain in the inbox. Since notifications are cleared after the answer was deleted, commenting on a deleted answer would indeed keep the notification, which is reasonable as only moderators can comment on deleted posts and users can see their own deleted posts. This helps with teaching new users as well as the OP. 

Frankly, seeing "That's not what comments are for" brought to my mind the question - what are they for then? Other users cannot see either deleted comments nor comment history. Yes, we do check if the logged in user has the permissions to comment on the server side. Instead of just the OP seeing why an edit occurred, others benefit from explicitly seeing both that a post was edits and why it was edited (and implicitly how it was improved).