You mentioned that he has a stuffed puppy. You can make the puppy a character in imaginary adventures and let him soothe the puppy, or celebrate/laugh with, be sad with/for as well (or, at least, praise his actions when he makes attempts in those directions.) This should help him when these situations come up spontaneously in family members and friends. 

Please allow me to go on a bit about ODD since it sounds like a possibility. ODD kids often: are very bright, get angry, argue with adults, refuse to obey requests/rules, deliberately annoy others, accuse others of their own mistakes or bad behavior (trust me on this one: they lie and are good at it), are susceptible to/easily annoyed by others, are resentful, are often rancorous/revengeful, don't think that they act in an oppositional way, but rather they believe it is a problem of others and that others make unreasonable demands of them. 

1-2-3-Magic: Effective Discipline for Children 2-12 by Thomas W Phelan PhD is a great resource for effective discipline without anger. In my opinion, it's the best method out there. My children's pediatrician gave it to me, and I used it with my headstrong children. My father was a tyrant (honestly) and I was never taught effective parenting skills. I had nothing to fall back on (I didn't want to be like my father). This book was a lifesaver for me. 

One of the most helpful ways to teach your child to read is through phonics and the identification of phonemes - simple letter blends like go, see and at. But to do this, you need to know about phonemic awareness. You can do this when you read, but also as you are talk to your child. (“I like these socks. Sssssocksss. The ’s’ makes a ’ssss’ sound.” When you read, do it for some words, concentrating on only a few letters at a time, showing him the letters.) 

If she says "because I don't love Daddy anymore" (very common for all kids at some age or another), don't react as your inner child. You're an adult. The answer is, "Daddy still loves you and will always love you, but (he) really wants to know why you don't love (him)." It may be minor ("he doesn't let me have chocolate milk at lunch") or serious ("he scares me when he gets mad"). If she comes out with something insightful, the response is praise for being brave enough to identify something so threatening ("scary"). 

When that time comes, you'll probably reflect on earlier times and think, what did I do wrong? Everyone goes through some degree of that. The key is to have an answer that is acceptable to the future you. 

Learning socialization is quite possible with a smaller group. Eight is plenty to have some diversity; you may want to find out how much diversity there actually is of course in both schools, of course. 

What we don't want to do is simply tell him "You have to listen to your teacher"; that doesn't give him why, for one thing, and relies on his respect for us and/or parental authority that we prefer not to rely on unless absolutely necessary. A good answer will help us give him the tools to deal with someone in authority without expecting him to become a compliant sheep, and the reasons to understand why it might be necessary or appropriate. 

This clashes with the general discipline model, though; certainly teachers expect that if they tell a student something, he does it, no questions or "talking back", and to a large extent that's seen as necessary. Even in a Montessori classroom, that's still the expectation, and not one we can really do a lot about (other than choose a different school, I suppose). 

Teacher to student ratio of 1:8 is a reasonable ratio at 3; at 2.5 I'd say it's even a little low. 2.5 year olds want - need - attention from adults, and it can be difficult in a larger class to get that attention. In my state (Illinois), 1:8 would be the maximum ratio allowed at 2.5; while you could have more than 8 kids in a class, you'd need more teachers.