As for weapons, it's part business as usual. 

Next up hardware wise was rangefinder. 

China seems to be doing some of that, especially in Africa. 

The odds of "correct" horse posture is 1 in 3 (remember Washington DC count above?), so all the "confirmations" of the rule are just statistical flukes that our brain are trying to make a pattern out of. 

Augustus Saint-Gaudens, one of the most famous sculptors of his day, had 1 equestrian statue match the "code" and another one that did not. 

As far as Gettysburg - which seems to be the origin of the myth: 

It wasn't as simple as "13 against 4" as the question states. 

Line abreast is sailing side by side, the line being perpendicular to direction of the motion (it's not an exclusively naval term - the formation exists for land forces and aviation as well). 

A historian for the U.S. Army Center of Military History also dismissed the story as a myth. 

From http://www.snopes.com/military/statue.asp: 

Second of all, Russia (or rather USSR) had no motivation. USA's main geopolitical goal is to safeguard seabourne trade routes; and to prevent strong competitors from arising and commanding great sets of resources ala Japan's goal in WW2. 

It's unclear what you mean by "good enough reason to use them"? 

A separate investigation also reveals a negative: http://www.straightdope.com/columns/read/1093/in-statues-does-the-number-of-feet-the-horse-has-off-the-ground-indicate-the-fate-of-the-rider 

Yeah, a US Army infantryman today is trained and able to kill an enemy with a bayonet, an entrenching tool, a combat knife, or a pencil or toothpick if need be. But in a random infantry-on-infantry battle, how many enemy casualties are inflicted by toothpicks, how many by bayonets/knives, and how many by bullets? 

The entire order of battle was significantly less lopsided than the ratio above indicates. Even leaving aside ship quality, the quantity was (from Wiki) 

Tilly was born February 1559; and Pappenheim May 29, 1594, making them ~35 years apart (Making Tilly 72 in 1631, and Pappenheim 37). 

A very important example of the officer experience was that Japanese concentrated their fire, extremely effectively using their shot weight parity and rate of fire advantage. 

TL;DR: No such code, but most equestrian statues at Gettysburg happen to match it by chance. 

I wasn't able to find great cites for this, but many popular accounts credit Count of Tilly's dramatic loss to Gustav Adolph of Sweden at Battle of Breitenfeld to the fact that his second in command Graf Pappenheim leading the heavy Black Cuirassiers prematurely - and against orders - attacked Gustav's flank (being routed in the process), which in turn freed Gustav's cavalry to go after and capture Imperial artillery.