Leave the court for a break is not expected during tennis matches even if the previous set was very long. 

Italian Serie A the player will be disqualifie after the 5th yellow cards (since last tournaments it was at the 4th). The second disqualification will be at the 10th yellow cards, then at the 14th, then at the 17th, then at the 19th, then every yellow card collected in that tournament (see the art 19 comma 9 and the box in the image below in italian language) 

So the player that score the goal (number 3) is in a regular position for offside rule because the last defender is over (number 2). 

I view that Alzain Tareq took part in the Kazan 2015 swim championship at age of 10! 

Top players position (32 for Grand Slam Tournaments) are determined by official rankings then other players who enter directly in the main draw are drawn. 

Is it possible for a libero to score points during a volleyball match? 

I know in Spain Real Madrid Castilla, Real Madrid's second team, play in the same league system as the first team. Are there other countries in which the same situation occurs, and if so which ones? 

Wikipedia has insert Gabon in the Group A of qualified teams: The host nation team will also be drawn into a group and will play games against those in that group; however, these matches will only be considered as friendlies and not counted for the standings. 

It can happened that a very long match is interrupped by the umpire because of the hours (see Isner-Mahut match details) 

An athlete shall not be disqualified if he (a) is pushed or forced by another person to step or run outside his lane or on or inside the kerb or line marking the applicable border So the runner who goes out of his lane will be disqualified, while the impeded runner will not be disqualified. 

So is it possible that the 33rd players (if all the first 32 take part to the Grand Slam) is raffled to play the first round versus draw numer 1. 

4x100m relay are composed by 4 runners that run approximately 100m each. To avoid that a faster athlete run a longer section are imposed limits for the passage of the baton. 

To be precise this particular case is not treated but the regulation is clear, and is it often possible to view the striker to arrange the mark area with the shoe to make it easier for the shot 

This new rule give duplicate points only for the last race of the season, so: 

I can add that all pit to car radio transmissions must be open and accessible to both the FIA and broadcasters. 

What are, if they exists, any historical reason why there is not draw in the main US sports (NBA, NFL, NHL, MLB)? 

I know that draw is possible in NFL, but this events is so rare that I think is it possible to consider it a sport with "no draw" 

When: suggested by ITF in 2001, experimental in 2002, it becames a rule from the year 2003 source 

In the main draw there are also free slot assigned by tournaments directors (Wild Cards) and for qualifing. Tennis players that do not enter directly in the main draw for rankings can play the qualification. The qualification draws are managed in the same way. 

If a javelin "slips" on landing and does not stick cleanly into the field, how is the throw measured? 

draw for the first 6 matches (first round); rankings after first round; second round determined by rankings (1vs2, 3vs4, 5vs6, 7vs8, 9vs10, 11vs12) rankings after second round; third round determined by updated rankings (1vs2, 3vs4, 5vs6, 7vs8, 9vs10, 11vs12) For your need maybe you can: