I say "usually chosen" because I've seen some odd behavior when a 2-handed weapon is equipped. In some situations, it will pick the 2-handed weapon over other slots with items that have lower levels. Others have reported corner cases where different items are chosen, but I've not been able to nail down why this occurs or how to predict it. Auriel also explains this in a 4-part lore series titled "The Creation of Sanctuary" Tyrael: To escape the Eternal Conflict, a group of renegade angels and demons came together and created a hidden paradise for themselves. They called this world Sanctuary. Once the recruits have finished raising the catapult, they'll follow you around for a while. It doesn't matter if they die past this point. They've got crazy health though, compared to how easy they go down during the event. I once watched one tank an arcane enchanted plagued champion pack for longer than my Templar... Most of the other follower/artisan quests come to some kind of resolution (even if it is pretty much non-interactive and tangential to the game), but I don't remember this one ever going anywhere. Is there more dialog with Shen that I haven't seen where he achieves his goal? If this isn't resolved through dialog, does Dirgest's jewel exist within the game? If so, what happens if you manage to find it? Is Dirgest at all important in the overall lore of the series, or is he just a macguffin for Shen to be seeking? The primary attack stats of the followers can easily be tested by swapping in specific stat boosting equipment, but you don't need to do that as the game clearly tells you when you mouse over their stats in their equipment menu that they are as follows: Books are always bound to certain potential locations. Some are bound to random dungeon locations so whether you will find some of them is random because it is determined by whether those randomly available locations are generated for you. Also, how many books are present to be picked up in a particular area is also random so if there are more books available for an area than the game generates places to pick them up, it is likely that you may not find all of them. I had to visit Old Tristram/Road 3 or 4 times to get all the books there (picking up 1 or 2 at a time). You will need to log into the auction house through Diablo 3 by signing into Diablo 3 and clicking Auction House from the left-hand side of the character selection screen. In the top-right corner of the auction house, you can access the real-money auction house. To buy, in the buy tab, find something you want to buy using the search in the auction house, click on it and place a bid. To sell, in the sell tab, select the item in your inventory and set bidding criteria. Use the Auctions tab to view the status of your auctions. View the Auction House FAQ for more. I did a run through with a new character, noting when each of the conversations became available. This was compiled by listening to each conversation as soon as they became available. Some of these conversations are only available after having heard previous conversations and the specific dependencies are as of yet undetermined. As all the followers appear before you after you defeat the final boss, almost all of their conversations are available until the end of the game, but there are a few that can be missed so I'll mark those with a +. Many of the conversations will unlock only after having heard other previous conversations, but will not become available until the point specified. Also, some of the follower conversations may be hidden if they are not following you, but by having them follow you, you can get a complete list (without the extras). Adria stops talking to you after you start Heart of Sin in act III and by then any conversations not heard have certainly been missed. Tyrael: To escape the Eternal Conflict, a group of renegade angels and demons came together and created a hidden paradise for themselves. They called this world Sanctuary. I say "usually chosen" because I've seen some odd behavior when a 2-handed weapon is equipped. In some situations, it will pick the 2-handed weapon over other slots with items that have lower levels. Others have reported corner cases where different items are chosen, but I've not been able to nail down why this occurs or how to predict it. You also can't sort the recommendation list, even though the "Buyout" column seems like it responds to being clicked on. I find it somewhat useful to look at this list just to determine where my lowest required level item is so that I can target a search to replace the item in that slot, but otherwise it is pretty useless. Alternatively, you could go to "The Legacy of Cain," quest stage "Explore Cellar" - play the quest until you get to the checkpoint at the Cathedral. Every time I've been to this level, there's been a chandelier with 4 zombies (2 that die when you drop it, and two who have a sliver of life left) right by the entrance: Does the shrine of enlightenment increase the xp gained from: WTS [something] 100k c/o pst with offers [someting] 200k c/o going once EDIT: When I say DoT, I mean during the time that the spell is on a monster, and not a DoT affect that stays after the spell was finished casting. I equipped my DH with a 1-handed bows, then I wanted to equip a stronger 2-handed bow. When I hovered over the bow the game showed a -56.1 change in damage if equipped, however when I equipped it, my damage went from 439.4 to 452.77, so it's obvious that the "hover over tool tip" was wrong. The same goes for the different Acts in Inferno, what MP levels are equivalent between the different Acts. When the 2-handed bow is equipped: What is the source for this preference of 1-handed weapons over 2-handed? The set of skills (active & passive) that are chosen: I've seen several times that people offer goods for sale on the Diablo 3 trade chat and add the letters "co" or "c/o" what do they mean by it? When the 1-handed bow is equipped: