I TAKE the liberty of drawing the especial attention of Your Excellency to the information contained in the enclosed report, our informant being in a particularly good position to know the intentions of the F端hrer and of his principal lieutenants. His new declarations may be summed up as follows: (1) M. Beck's speech will in no way alter the situation. The F端hrer is determined to secure the return of Danzig to Germany, as well as the reunion of East Prussia to the Reich. (2) The F端hrer is patient and cautious, and will not tackle the question in a direct way, for he knows that in future France and Britain would not give way, and that the coalition which he would have to confront would be too strong. He will go on manoeuvring until his time comes. (3) The F端hrer will come to an understanding to this effect with Russia. The day will come when he attains his aims by these means, without the Allies "having any reason, or even any intention, to intervene." It may be that we shall witness a fourth partition of Poland. In any case, "we shall soon see that something is brewing in the East." (4) The equivocal attitude of Japan has contributed to Herr Hitler's orientation towards the U.S.S.R. (5) When the Polish question has once been settled, and Germany's military supremacy definitely assured, Germany will be in a position to come to a conference. ... In my opinion, he may hope to draw advantage from it in three different ways: (1) By arriving at a more or less tacit agreement with the U.S.S.R. which would assure him of the benevolent neutrality of that country in the event of a conflict, perhaps even of her complicity in a partition of Poland. (2) By bringing, through the mere threat of a better understanding with the U.S.S.R., pressure simultaneously to bear on Japan and on Poland, in order to induce the former to sign a military alliance, and the latter to agree to the concessions he is asking for. (3) By bringing the Western Powers, under the threat of collusion between Germany and Russia, to accept certain Soviet demands to which Poland and Rumania would be opposed, and thus to sow discord among the Allies. 

Ford being a famous respected industrialist and infamous anti semite, who had long ago captured the worlds imagination. Kennedy being one of the wealthiest and successful men in the United States would latter achieve infamy and political death when he favorable compared the Nazi Party to the American Democratic party (of which he was a leader). Lindberg being perhaps the most famous American ever, and one of the most respected who speeches still can be listened too and found persuasive in why the US should stay out of that war. The pro German, and anti war FDR critics were outspoken and influential. Even stronger though than the pro German faction was the symbiotic Isolationist faction. Not to be confused with pacifism, America's brand of Isolationism as first outlined by Washington in 1789 proposed the US not getting involved in European wars, but did not suggest America should refrain from conducting her own wars to protect her interests. These two beliefs (1)Isolationist from European entanglements, and (2) those who favored Nazi Germany; worked together because for Germany's purposes an truly isolationist United States was sufficient to its needs. 

So wide spread was the mutilation of Japanese soldiers that twice the Army Chief of staff had to order directives against the practice. 

Aid numbers used - U.S. Foreign Aid to Israel: Total Aid(1949-Present) 

Here is a newspaper article from Nevada Daily Mail (see second column under "Sign of Nervousness") which talks about Roosevelt receiving a letter opener made out of the forearm bone of a Japanese soldier and he responds that "that's the kind of gift I like receiving". 

**Robert Caro Pulitzer Prize-winning biographer and historian on Lyndon Baines Johnson ** 

Toward the end of the war, as allied convoy tactics became more sophisticated U-boats deck guns became less effective, more dangerous and were eventually left unmanned. 

Long Answer: To give your buddy the benefit of the doubt. The Union did refuse to assist the Confederate States with their war debt. The Union further refused to pay reparations for slaves freed. Also of coarse the Union refused to cover any of the former CSA's war debt all of which were significant hits to the former Confederate States and the citizens in those states who financed the insurection. Furthermore as the former confederate states were reincorporated into the Union, they did participate in paying for the Unions debt, as it took 30+ years for the Union to pay down their debt and all that time former Confederate states were contributing to the federal income. So while I would say your buddy was mostly wrong, I could see how such a claim might be justified. While it's arguable not accurate, what is accurate is the citizens of the insurrection states who financed succession paid a huge financial burden.