Some philosophers argued that certain concepts are undefinable. The most famous instance is G. E. Moore's claim that the moral term "good" is undefinable. (See his so called open-question argument for more details). 

This is why Kant employes a deduction. Kant's "deduction" is not used in the modern sense, but in a way used in German legal language at the time. Here Deduktion meant a proof of the quid iuris (the matter of the law) in opposition to the quid facti (the matter of the fact). As Kant's argument does not involve the rule of law in a literal sense, the analogy that he tries to convey is about a legitimate source of justification not concerned with establishing matters of fact. 

Soc. In both cases you define the subject matter of each of the two arts? The argument in TD runs as follows: 

Soc. But that, Theaetetus, was not the point of my question: we wanted to know not the subjects, nor yet the number of the arts or sciences, for we were not going to count them, but we wanted to know the nature of knowledge in the abstract. Am I not right? Soc. Perhaps nothing. I will endeavour, however, to explain what I believe to be my meaning: When you speak of cobbling, you mean the art or science of making shoes? 

Williams (1973) casually asserts that Soc. And when you speak of carpentering, you mean the art of making wooden implements? 

So, saying that "a philosophical position is true" is to argue that there are some compelling evidential reasons for the set of claims entailed by that position. Since you posted in a philosophy forum, I take it that you are not interested (only) in the empirical question pertaining to psychology. 

[2] The best thing that can be defended about the relationship between believing and believing the truth is that if a person believes p, has the concept of truth, and considers whether p is true, that person cannot believe p and fail to believe that p is true. 

Yes, according to verificationism such a statement is meaningful. To see this we can look at the writings of A.J. Ayer, who after all propagated the kind of verificationism you refer to. 

Does this change your evaluation that overriding is possible? Probably not. However, in general it may be possible to construct a case such that the epistemic justification is weaken so much (and the pragmatic justification is strong enough) to produce a tradeoff where an override is possible. 

The logical positivists hardly subscribed to verificationism, but your question is about verificationism, not about logical positivists, so that's a minor quibble. (What does "in time" mean here? According to what time scale?) In any case, the answer is: Taking cue from similar ideas by earlier writers, the essay questions the role that authorial intent can play in the interpretation of texts. Interestingly enough, it seems that in the history of philosophy the situation was actually reversed, as DV was maintained by many central figures in philosophy (Thomas Aquinas, Descartes, Locke, ...). Although a minority position these days, there are quite important names who defended (some forms of) DV. Among them are Roderick Chisholm, Jerry Fodor and Bas Van Fraassen. Particularly the latter draws heavily from the pragmatist's toolbox, which was arguably the only tradition where DV was more or less accepted.