Saddam becomes our ally by the "the enemy of my enemy is my friend" trope, but he's already armed with Soviet equipment, and we're not interested in completely re-arming him from scratch with US equipment, so we supply him with technology for chemical weapons programs and battlefield intel. Saddam holds those big advantages, but Iran basically throws enough bodies at him to stalemate that war. 

To answer the question, no, one probably can't put assets into a blind trust managed by one's own adult children. I don't believe anyone has ever actually tried that, but it would probably fail if they did. 

Even if Congress and the Courts robustly interpreted the Act (which they don't) to try and reign in presidential use of force, the letter of that law states that the president must notify Congress within 48 hours of committing armed forces to military action, and forbids the forces from remaining for more than 60 days without specific authorization for use of military force. But, what to do? They're stuck with him, if the voters choose, right? Well, with these revelations, not so much. If these allegations are true, most people generally consider that to be behavior not meeting the standards of a public servant, so they would have an opening to expel him if they want. By advertising that he'd think Moore is unfit, and that they'd probably expel him, it sends a message to Alabama Republican voters (the strong majority in that state) who might find the accusations against Moore credible. That message is (not an actual quote, BTW)- So, we have that duty, and we blew it, collectively, if you feel that the outcome is one where an unfit person is going to take office. Too late for buyers remorse after the fact. We had about 15 months to send any unfit candidates packing. That should be plenty of time to figure it out. The Use of Blind Trusts by Federal Officials 

In 1953, for reasons that aren't especially relevant to the question, the USA overthrew the Iranian Prime Minister Mossadeq and installed their own puppet regime with the Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, who was already the monarch, but with less power under the previously parliamentary government, as a full-fledged ruling dictator. 

So, the GOP could get the kind of person they always wanted for that seat. They can push back on accusations that they are the kinds of misogynists who would not believe (without extraordinary proof) women who accuse powerful white men of abuse or harassment. They can claim the mantle of taking the most pro-woman actions possible for the situation. And because of these side issues, people are going to help, not oppose them, in getting their more favored (by the party and leadership) person into that seat. 

Iran still has their military armed with US equipment, Iraq still has theirs armed with Soviet equipment, but Iran is now at odds with the USA, and is in an adversarial relationship. They are no longer supported by the USA. Similarly, North Korea only enjoys limited recognition from the USA and a few other nations (to be clear, this means only the USA and a few other nations have relationships and recognition that are this limited with North Korea. Most of the world has a greater degree of recognition). The USA does not have any formal diplomatic relations or recognition of them as a legitimate regime, and while the United States haven't formally made declarations to that effect (that I'm aware of), they essentially deal with and treat South Korea as the legitimate government on that peninsula. If that were not in place, the War Powers Act, which, ironically, was meant to set boundaries on the Executive Branch use of military force, would still allow for this action, in all probability. Within the USA, the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Terrorists is so broad as to be a rubber-stamp for any action by the president. It was a source of concern for the opposition party and certain segments of the population from the very start, and after the end of the Bush administration, when Obama had those sweeping powers, the questioning of those broad powers gained more momentum as previous supporters suddenly found it to be troubling. 

Financial Assets and Conflict of Interest Regulation in the Executive Branch Congressional Research Service The decline came with the First Gulf War. Saddam, by this time, had built his military, on paper (#s of troops, #s of tanks, quality of tanks), into top-notch military power, and certainly the strongest in the region. Kuwait had a lot of oil, and not much of a military. He decided to claim there were disputed territories that just happened to be rich oilfields. He also claimed that Kuwait was basically drilling horizontally (slant drilling) into Iraq oilfields at the border and engaged in vigorous saber-rattling about the dispute. 

Everyone in the region, especially the Saudis, freaked at the idea and reality of the strongest military in the area being able to just invade and grab oil and wealth, so the USA responded with the First Gulf War. 

Add to that somewhat schoolyard-ish name calling at the UN by President Trump, and one can see why North Korea feels that the USA does not acknowledge them as a nation-state. Saddam decides it would be a good and convenient time to grab some oil fields.