and so forth. For every ordinal α, we define α+1 := α ∪ {α}. Where cardinals express the size of a set, such as {a,b,c}, the ordinals describe the order type of a sequence, such as (a,b,c). This only becomes important when you have infinitely long sequences, however. 

Finally, the idea that we should even concieve of it as "knowledge" is perhaps misguided. What is significant is not that it is knowledge which one might consider abstractly, but that it colours how one sees the world whether or not one even has access to it as information or an idea per se. So perhaps it might be better termed as a paraconception: not quite ideation, but related to it and taking place alongside it. The reason why this is important is that they aren't capturing any difference of size at all — after ω, all of the ordinals that I've described to you thus far have exactly the same number of elements, when we describe the size of a set by cardinality. The ordinal numbers are clearly capturing a lot of information about structure, in that there are many limit ordinals which only come after infinitely long sequences of successive iterations, e.g. as 8ω2+3ω comes only after the entire sequence 8ω2+2ω+1, 8ω2+2ω+2, 8ω2+2ω+3, ... but if you allow yourself to consider ways of matching up elements in a way which does not preserve the order of the elements, you can match the elements of all of these "polynomials" of ω with each other. ∃x (Dx) & ∀x∀y[(Dx & Dy) ⇒ x=y] — premise ∃x (Dx) — conjunctive elimination Dd — by exemplar a=d ⇒ Da — by modus ponens, substitution rule of equality, etc. ∀x∀y [(Dx & Dy) ⇒ x=y] — conjunctive elimination (Dd & Da) ⇒ a=d — universal instantiation, twice Da ⇒ a=d — modus ponens (applying premise 3) and conditional introduction, etc. Da ⇔ a=d — biconditional introduction ∀y (Dy ⇔ y=d) — universal generalization &exists;x ∀y (Dy ⇔ y=x) — existential introduction (ii) ⇔ (iii) — essentially by de Morgan's Law, involving some existential/universal quantifier juggling. These two concepts are different when it comes to infinite collections, and illustrates why it is important to consider what structures you wish to be recognised as different, so that those differences are preserved throughout your analysis, when you wish to consider concepts such as infinity in mathematics. 

Consider first, numbers involving one "conceptual shift" as alluded to in the quotation by Hofstadter. You may well complain that while there least can manifestly be 300 of something (e.g. markings of hollow circles), the best of our knowledge there can never be measurably 10300 of anything. Let's grant for the sake of argument that the latter claim is true. All this means is precisely what is implicitly taught to students of physics in secondary school: that we have mathematical models of the world which, because they are simple, fail to capture complications which are inherent in the world. Just as we contemplate perfectly rigid spherical cows falling in vacuum under the influence of a perfectly uniform gravitational field, we can concieve of a number of objects which is so large that we cannot actually imagine concretely what such a collection of objects would even look like, and which are unlikely ever to represent phenomena that we will ever encounter. The reason for both is because of the simple formulation of the models in both cases: Newtonian mechanics on the one hand, arithmetic on the other. 

The notion of piling on layers of conceptual shifts, as suggested by Michael Dorfman in the comments to his own answer, is akin to Knuth's up-arrow notation. But the crux of this, and even of our familiar Indo-Arabic numeral system, is that we only deal with numbers through representations of them (even if those representations are through visual images of objects such as apples). A googol is, in very ruggedly practical terms, unimaginably large (in that a googol of objects is not something you can really imagine), and a googolplex is unimaginably larger than that (in that it is not really possible to imagine how many boxes of a googol objects each would suffice to make a googolplex). But the fact that we can represent them by 10102 and 1010102 means we can still talk about them, and somehow conceive of the numbers abstractly. 

which, using de Morgan's Law, gives us Some A are B: ∃x: (x:A) & (x:B); A possible obstacle.    Consider the classic proof by contradiction of the fact that the square-root of 2 is irrational. Let 

"Some X" statements are existential statements. This is true whether or not we're talking about some X having a property, or some X lacking a property. Why? In this case, it's right there in the language. If we say "some X are P", we are saying Here is a sketch of how to prove the equivalence of these four formulae.