On the other hand we are encouraged to face our brothers and sisters and in general our fellow men with a smiling face (if we can), according to ahadith like here in sunan at-Tirmidhi (which you also may find in al-adab al-mufrad of Imam al-Bukhari). 

Therefore some other scholar with a rather orthodox view, say saying the niyyah or speaking it out is bid'ah. But as I've said before as long as it helps you to concentrate on what you want to do there's no harm in doing it, once it is too complex as shown in my example above it is meaningless, too long and can create doubts, as if you said 'asr instead of dhor you might stop your prayer or redo your niyyah, but in fact in your mind you already have chosen the correct prayer and made the correct niyyah, but did a simple mistake while speaking it out. 

And she can pray in the way she finds ease at if she can sit, while sitting, if she needs to lay down then this way or on her side if necessary -for instance she is sitting in the wrong direction and has nobody to help- she can even pray without facing the qiblah. 

In these three (95577, 11774 and 21536) fatwas from islamqa the author or mufti tries to proove that covering the face is the correct view of Islam. However one could find ahadith and Quran rulings that clearly oppose this view or at least don't support it. I'd like to add that instead of starting with a sahih narration or a Quran verse the argumentation there often starts from a statement of scholars and later quotes of more or less sane narrations and interpretations of given Quran verses, which add to the verses and narrations things they don't clearly say! 

He also quoted this hadith (see also these versions 1,2,3,4). Then he asked: 

But on the other hand many other scholars have statements quoting that leaving the hands aside is their preference among them imam a-Shafi'i, there's even a statement of al-Laith ibn Sa'ad rejecting that putting the right hand on the left hand is sunnah! It is also known that the sahabi Abdullah ibn az-Zubair never performed putting the right hand on the left and used to take away or decollate the hands of a praying people if he saw them doing so (according to al-Khateeb al-Baghdadi in his tarikh)! 

I guess you refer to this hadith which is quoted in Sunan ibn Majah, Sunan an-Nasa-i, Jami' at-Tirmidhi, Musnad Ahmad and Mustadrak al-Hakim: 

On the contrary we are asked to concentrate and focus... 

A more difficult case is if you have been imam in a prayer, should the people who prayed behind you in congregation also re-do their prayers? The majority of scholars say no, only the imam needs to re-do his prayers based on this hadith. 

Imam al-Manawy in his comment on al-Jami' as-Saghir of Imam As-Suyuti explained it shortly (may translation take it carefully): 

The Hanafis make a distinction whether it is difficult to wash off the color or not, but the strongest opinion in their madhab is still the same as the majority! 

This shows only the majority madhhab view or follows the description of Sayyid Sabiq's fiqh as-Sunnah, where he also quotes that hanafis perform three additional takbirat at the first rak'a (p.150 Volume on supererogatory prayers)! 

Some say women shouldn't go to the mosque to perform them and even use expressions like haram or makruh (see for example this fatwa in Arabic) because the say this follows the idea of following the Janaza which is prohibited.