In the villager case you have two possibilities, one is better to use with Spigot, second with Forge. Wynncraft and a lot other servers use Spigot-like way (even though they have their own version of server for sure!), when keeping the villager and just catching your actions. When such an action is detected (your click), it is cancelled and custom action is fired instead. Then, it can "talk" or do other things. This thing is maintained by customization of server. Most known and used is Spigot and Forge. Spigot focuses on only server-side changes (aka popularly called "plugins"), Forge can manage similar, but also extensively uses client modifications as well (aka "mods"). You can also try to use some Multiverse/Multiworld mod/plugin, allowing you to have more than one map. Then each of those maps will have their own seed (so you can then use seed-based tools to replenish the map, too) and you will be good to go with different maps. However probably for the /tell etc commands you will need to use permissions (and yes, you can disable permission to chat on per-world basis, too, however that is kinda brutal and not player friendly...) , if there is no feature in that plugin for this, too. Another example: You want to summon 4 zombies surrounding the player when he enters the centre of the room. Then you need (aside from commands checking when he enters the area - or redstone): PS: Since 1.9 version, you can use chained commandblocks with ease, therefore it is really easy to use multiple commands that will execute just after each other, just by pressing one initial button. They are compact and can fulfill multiple tasks really easy. Forge aproach might do the same, but it can do one more thing - simply remove the villager and replace it with custom one (which can, but does not need to look same), with custom actions, custom trades, custom GUIs etc. Then it depends fully on how the villager is supposed to be by new code. Another possible solution can be with WorldGuard plugin, then you don't need to have separate world ( but it still be better) , only defined region. Then you can use flags (example): There is one big difference between those though - On spigot server, anyone can join with vanilla clients, but if you want to join Forge server, you need to have installed same mods as the server, so you have all added/modified thingies. So, let's say you have 4 player party and you want to face them some equal mob challenge. This command will summon one mob for every player which will be targeted(for example everybody in "arena", so on some coordinates with some range): But needed thing is that you create its own map for the "event", so players will be on separate map (So you need some Multiverse plugin). The plus side of this is that players will be ABLE to chat, but only with people on same map - so it is possibly to make team events or so, still maintaining that the "main" chat will be totally separated from them. Wiki: Execute, Summon, Scoreboard, Summon generator examples : 1 , 2 All you need is to build at least small "spawn" pod on pvp map, and connect maps with portals (multiverse plugin offers /mv tp to travel worlds, so you can use it in Command blocks or so). Then do file rollback with map you want to have refreshed (be sure no players will get stuck - best to teleport all of them on spawn map to spawn after login or similar - there are answers for that mechanism around on Arqade I think) Note: You CAN use mods (Forge server) with version 1.8+, allowing Non-Forge clients (pure vanilla ones) to connect the server (Forge 1.7 and lesser required Forge clients even there were no mods on server), as long as the server has only "server-side" mods (so ones that do not add new blocks/items/mobs/guis etc). However running mods AND plugins on 1.8+ is still kinda messy, only Sponge project exists and it is not so smooth (plugin runs on Spigot that runs on Sponge that runs on Forge xD ) So all you need is to find permission nodes for all commands you want to disable and (via PEX for example) disable those commands in the world your game is being played in. For PEX , just use something like this with negative permission and putting it into the world you have it in :