At least 480,000 people overstayed their visas last year, adding to a backlog that’s reached some 5 million total, members of Congress said. But immigration agents launched investigations into just 10,000 of them, or about 0.2 percent, and arrested fewer than 2,000, less than 0.04 percent, saying the others don’t rise to the level of being priority targets. Not to mention that there are also dozens of tunnels that have yet to be discovered. 

There's still division within the Republican party about the healthcare. Some even go as far as saying it will be "dead on arrival" we will have to wait and see if there will be changes made to the bill. 

But the Congressional Budget Office has yet to release its estimates of what the new plan would cost people or how many people would possibly lose coverage. Trump criticized the border adjustment this weekend Here is why he should: It would force Mexico to give us every penny we need to pay for the wall, and then some. 

There is the possibility that there could be a wider range of plans, but those plans will be written by the insurance companies and could have high deductibles or a narrow network range. States are likely to have a big say in exactly which plans they choose to offer, according to the AP. 

Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act would remove health coverage for an estimated 24 million Americans by 2026, according to independent analysis by the Congressional Budget Office. Lawmakers from both parties rely on the nonpartisan budget office to gauge the potential impact of legislation. What happens if you don’t sign up? While people who did not sign up for insurance either through their employer, a private plan or the ACA were subject to fines, the new bill also contains a “mandate” of sorts. 

From 1801 (under Thomas Jefferson) until 1974 (under Richard Nixon), Presidents had the power to impound otherwise appropriated funds. This meant that Congress could authorize an agency or a law or some program, and appropriate funds to it, but then the President could refuse to actually spend the money. Forty-three states and the Mayor of the District of Columbia still hold this "fiduciary veto" over their respective constituent assemblies. 

Historically, the house has brought articles of impeachment against the President twice. 

From my time at PricewaterhouseCoopers, I can tell you the tax you owe is always calculated as follows: Individuals could be easily confused, and legitimate buyers could be denied. You need a case. Judges can't just overturn a precedent because they feel like it. There must be an actual case that goes all the way up the chain. Most cases will be decided according to precedent, and you can only appeal by showing a procedural problem, an extenuating circumstance, or a precedent that wasn't considered or was applied inconsistently. You can't just say, "we didn't like the decision, and we are appealing." A lower court is bound by what has been decided before, and a case must originate there. Then an appeals court needs to find an issue, and only then does the Supreme Court get involved. (It is very very rare to skip the appeals process) But the tax credits appear to help wealthier people more than low-income individuals. 

What happens if you don’t sign up? While people who did not sign up for insurance either through their employer, a private plan or the ACA were subject to fines, the new bill also contains a “mandate” of sorts. Trump criticized the border adjustment this weekend Here is why he should: It would force Mexico to give us every penny we need to pay for the wall, and then some. Craig Healy, assistant director for national security investigations at U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, said as he struggled to defend the administration’s meager efforts. 

An estimated 40% of illegal immigrants come here legally through visa programs. Immigration agents catch an abysmally small percentage of the illegal immigrants who arrived on visas but overstayed their welcome, authorities admitted to Congress Tuesday, describing a loophole that those around the globe are increasingly using to gain a foothold in the U.S. The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center noted at least 10 taxes written into Obamacare that would be repealed or delayed under the new plan, including the “Cadillac” tax that is set to kick in in 2020 but would be delayed until 2025 under the new plan. 

How can Trump make Mexico pay? Tax reform. There's still division within the Republican party about the healthcare. Some even go as far as saying it will be "dead on arrival" we will have to wait and see if there will be changes made to the bill.