So if your bullet points represent scenes, and you know how long your scenes typically run, that can give you a ballpark estimate of the total length of the story. If your bullets represent something smaller (e.g. beats or interactions within a scene) or larger (e.g. chapters or sequences), you'll have to adjust, based on your experience of how big those chunks typically turn out for you. The character tries some plausible way to solve the problem. As a result, things get worse. Each cycle eliminates options, raises the stakes, and deepens the dilemma. This increases the emotional payoff of the third act. Though I don't worry about length before I write, this can give a sense of the length of the story. My scenes tend to fall between 800 and 2000 words (2000 words is a long scene for me). I figure 1500 words on average. So if I have 10 scenes, that's about 15,000 words. If the emotion clutters the writing, or takes it in a direction you don't want, you can fix it later, when you can look at it with a cooler view. Part of why we read fiction is to learn something by going through an experience with the character --that's what makes identifying with the character important. For someone to lose what they and others have always felt is their core strength is a real experience, and one that could be compelling to go through in fiction --if it resolves in a way that feels real, not fake. For that reason, I disagree with your comment that it is not advisable. If the overall message of your book is "just give up," I'd personally find that off-putting. But if the lesson is "sometimes we try so hard that we get in our own ways," that's something I could find valuable as realized in a fictional context. If you try to please everyone, you please no-one. Finnegan's Wake (Joyce) has gained and retained a reputation as a great classic of the English language, despite working hard at every turn to confound and confuse the reader (and arguably not even being written in real "English"). You may need less information, or more information, or different information. My recommendation is to experiment, practice, vary your outlining from story to story or scene to scene to discover what helps you and what hinders you. If the emotion clutters the writing, or takes it in a direction you don't want, you can fix it later, when you can look at it with a cooler view. So if your bullet points represent scenes, and you know how long your scenes typically run, that can give you a ballpark estimate of the total length of the story. If your bullets represent something smaller (e.g. beats or interactions within a scene) or larger (e.g. chapters or sequences), you'll have to adjust, based on your experience of how big those chunks typically turn out for you. What other ways can you think of to vary the way you outline? Pick one or two variables and experiment with them. Keep experimenting until you discover what works for you. I think the key to building a second act is to focus on the function of a second act: To increase the emotional payoff of the ending. I can often get a feeling for whether a scene will be shorter or longer because of the nature of the conflict--how the POV character will try to accomplish the scene goal, and how the conflicting characters will interfere. Though I don't worry about length before I write, this can give a sense of the length of the story. My scenes tend to fall between 800 and 2000 words (2000 words is a long scene for me). I figure 1500 words on average. So if I have 10 scenes, that's about 15,000 words.