When you don't include a physical description, you're also dependent on your reader's own cultural context to fill in the blanks. Right now, in America, I'd guess (unscientifically) that the typical "generic" narrator would be a white male in his twenties or thirties, probably dark-haired. If your character doesn't match that description, or if you're expecting to be read outside that cultural context, you might want to make sure you call that out. 

The general answer to your question is that you should address questions if leaving them unanswered will interfere with readers' appreciation of the story. 

It's also worth noting that the most popular works typically draw on a given genre, but subvert it or transcend it by taking it in unexpected-but-satisfying new directions (that way they not only pick up the core audience, they expand upon it) --and it takes excellent writing to manage that task. 

It's very difficult to get published in a reputable academic journal, and rare for anyone pre-grad-school to get such an honor. Many may plan such an accomplishment, but few will achieve it. Your confidence here sounds callow and naive. 

I think the problem is less style itself than the fact that your readers are taking your writing style as indicative of a problematic attitude. Let's take the sentences you highlighted and the suggested improvements as a guide: 

This revision highlights your understanding of the difficulty of the task. 

It seems you're using the term setting in a non-standard way to mean genre conventions. Given that, I would say that a mastery of genre, including the fulfillment of the expectations of the core audience, can bring short-term popularity, but that only good writing will endure over the long term. 

It looks to me like the variables are correctly identified. 

If you are just referring to them by titles instead of names, you don't need to capitalize, but the narrative will seem impersonal. If the titles are being used in place of names, do capitalize them. Be aware, however, that this will change the entire feel of the book --it will make it seem more stylized and allegorical. If that's what you want, then go right ahead.