You might be interested in Professor Yablo's 2011 course on philosophy of language as well as Professor Holton's 2005 class on the same subject, both of which have lecture notes. Two great textbooks on the subject are Philosophy Of Language by A.P. Martinich and David Sosa as well as Philosophy of Language: A Contemporary Introduction by William G Lycan. 

Semantic externalism, or more broadly externalism about mental content, is the idea that propositions, intentions, attitudes, etc. derive their meaning from the external world as opposed to internally from the mind itself. Some of the most famous arguments for this view are Putnam's twin Earth thought experiment and Davidson's swampman thought experiment. 

In addition, John Bartlett's book Bartlett's Familiar Quotations is one of the most famous collection of quotations in existence. Per its wikipedia entry: 

The Perseus Collection is a great online collection of ancient texts in their original languages (with a built in translation dictionary) as well as lots of different English translations. Here is the Republic. 

(3) Therefore, encountering the other is not a condition of the possibility of subject hood. We can support (2) in two different ways. First, by thinking of the case of severely autistic people. Autism is a spectrum disorder that involves impairment to one 'theory of mind' i.e. with one's ability to recognize and perceive that other people are people, as opposed to mere objects. At the far end of that spectrum, it looks like we have individuals who genuinely could not ever "encounter an other". Such individuals tend to suffer a number of really heart-breaking impairments, but it is obviously absurd to say that they aren't subjects at all. 

I'll admit that I've never seen anybody explicitly run this argument in print, but I am quite certain it's the first thing that an analytically trained philosopher of mind reading Levinas is going to think. Let me expand upon why I think the metaphysical claims that the encounter with the Other being a transcendental condition of the possibility of your own subjecthood is implausible. Doing so might help explain why analytic philosophers aren't inclined to think "the Other", as Lacan and Levinas describe it, is in fact a useful category at all. My assumption is that there is no way to get around modal realism if you believe (1) external things are real, (2) external things are what give propositions meaning, and (3) possible world semantics are what give modal statements meaning. Most of all, I am interested in any papers that deal with this question. The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the Greater Philosophers by Will Durant is a book that explores many of the major Western philosophers, putting their work into historical context and then elaborating on their main ideas. Russell's A History of Western Philosophy does much the same thing. However, one of the major differences between the two is their scope. Russell covers much more of the history of philosophy in his book, having sections that are completely omitted from Durant's work. These include a section on the Pre-Socratic philosophers as well as Greek philosophers that came after Aristotle. Durant only covers Plato and Aristotle's work. Durant also skips the Catholic Medieval philosophers and goes directly from Aristotle to Francis Bacon. It would be remiss to say that the scholastics had no influence on Western philosophy. 

It depends on what exactly you want to get out of your reading. Due to the formatting of this question being pretty subjective, I'll offer an overview of what the different books cover and what you will gain from reading them and you can make the choice of which one to read yourself. 

There is a point in ethics where the question stops being about "morally right" and "morally wrong" and it turns into "morally obligatory" "morally permissible" and "morally impermissible." Its not that "right and wrong" or "good and bad" don't mean anything, it's more so that they don't encapsulate the entire story just on their own. 

In addition, John Bartlett's book Bartlett's Familiar Quotations is one of the most famous collection of quotations in existence. Per its wikipedia entry: As for animals, especially before contemporary thoughts on this subject, most people argued that animals are not rational moral agents. They argued that the animals don't understand what it means to be ethical, they can't reason within an ethical system, so their actions are not made as a moral agent. As such, we can't assign ethical values to their actions. An animal might kill to eat another animal, but most people would argue that the animal doesn't understand the concept of "murder" or "right vs. wrong" so its not that their actions are neutral, its that they aren't acting with moral agency, they aren't a rational agent. We are moral agents, we understand ethical reasoning and we understand, to a large extent at least, what is morally impermissible and what is morally permissible, therefore acting like an animal isn't an excuse to commit morally impermissible actions.