1) There is a lot going on in our brains for which we do not seem to have corresponding qualia; for example, involuntary movement of the eyes, formation of ideas (where do ideas come from?), body functions which the brain keeps on going while we are unconscious, etc... *Dennett is not one of these people, though. I wonder if such a zombie could conclude cogito ergo sum since I believe Descartes really meant (inner) experience entails existence, and that the purpose of I in that statement is simply to point out that first person, direct inner witnessing, rather than some concept of a self. But if that is so, then we can think of a relation between physical and mental in which the mental does not nomologically supervene on the physical. Another way to interpret this is to realize that it is just radically possible that we don't all have the same kind of inner experience. Most of my friends, many of whom are software engineers, either deny the concept of qualia, or acknowledge it but insist that they do not see any reason why a hypothetical computer running the right piece of software shouldn't have what they term as qualia. They are in good company, BTW; here is an amazing "Closer to Truth" interview with Marvin Minsky where he explains away qualia: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNWVvZi3HX8 So far I failed to make even one of them realise that there is something in their inner experience that cannot conceivably be reproduced/simulated by a Turing machine. Suppose it makes sense to talk of the moment a human becomes conscious for the first time; we can suppose that moment is brought about by a particular physical condition which is (physically) sufficient for consciousness, but that once this condition is met, the first appearance of consciousness is a further spontaneous event, for example like in particle decay. The most simple logical model is 2-valued logic, propositional logic. Here all propositions are either true or false. And if a propostion is true, then it is true independent from any person considering the proposition. Also it's truth values does not change in time. The truth value is an objective property of a proposition, independent from time and person. Kant emphasizes that our experience is not an image but a construction. Our understanding constructs experience with the help of two types of intuition, space and time, and the categories. The intuitions and the categories are a priori. Thirdly, it depends on the human visual system how we experience as colour the mixed wavelenghts of the incoming light. An antinomy violates "non(A and non-A)", the law of noncontradiction. An antinomy proves "A" and also "non-A". I pick out some details from your question - unfortunately I did not understand all. To think means in according to a classical definition Light is an electromagnetic wave like radiowaves. The only difference is their wavelength. We cannot detect any difference between radio waves in addition to their physical properties like wavelength, polarisation or intensity. Hence there is no evidence for colour as an intrinsic physical property. Note. Apparently these are different mental activities. Do you ask whether one can detect different brain activities by imaging techniques relating to "I think employing modus ponens" versus "I know that snow is white"? I doubt that neuroscience has already reached that degree of selectivity. In addition, it seems difficult to prepare two groups of probands who focus themselves on the corresponding mental activity. Proposition 4.1: “The proposition is a picture of reality. The proposition is a model of the reality as we think it is. (= Der Satz ist ein Bild der Wirklichkeit. Der Satz ist ein Modell der Wirklichkeit, so wie wir sie uns denken.)“ Already this Ansatz of the picture theory can be questioned from the viewpoint of constructivism: We do not know the structure of reality, hence we cannot determine whether the proposition maps to its structure. All we can do, is constructing from our sensory input due to repeated experience a model with its structure. As Kant puts it: The thing in itself is not recognizable. Wittgenstein presupposes that reality has a structure which resembles the logical structure of our propositions. Notably, he presupposes a logical structure of reality resembling the logical structure of purged language.