The CIA has some fixed wing aircraft at its disposal (quoting the Denver Post; see also here) and historically has had some unarmed and armed fixed wing aircraft at its disposal and in its chain of command (for example, B-26 aircraft used in the Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba and used in Indonesia in the 1950s), but does not have manned armed fixed wing aircraft currently in its chain of command and never had proper fighter jets in its chain of command. 

(9) Prisoners of war in custody of the armed forces. 

Analysis Under Universal Jurisdiction Principles 

One reason that you would not expect much difficulty in the case of an impeachment in the U.S. is that the President will usually be turning over power simply to the Vice President who is a pre-designated successor to the President and a member of the same party, who has lived through the events of the departing President's administration. Thus, the mechanics of successor would usually be an uncomfortable but cooperative "domestic" affair within the party and not a fight between enemies. 

(Emphasis added by Stuttaford) 

The government does not grant entitlements. 

Encourage the increased involvement of the public, parents, and students in Federal education programs; 

Then read the rest of the Federalist Papers on how to achieve other sensible electoral reforms. It's still the best blue print out there. At the time he was sworn in, Lincoln's "approval rating" can be estimated by examining wintertime Republican losses in local elections in Brooklyn, Cincinnati, Cleveland and St. Louis, and state elections in Connecticut, Massachusetts and Rhode Island; by the observations of Henry Adams (of the presidential Adamses) that "not a third of the House" supported him; and by the published reckoning of the New York Herald that only 1 million of the 4.7 million who voted in November were still with him. All these indications put his support in the nation at about 25 percent — roughly equivalent to the lowest approval ratings recorded by modern-day polling. In the heat of the moment, when Chambers’s charges had first become public, leading officials like Dean Acheson and President Truman had both defended Hiss, a position they would soon know enough to regret. But those regrets they kept mainly to themselves, and Hiss posed for years as the archetype of persons unjustly charged in what was criticized as a Republican witch hunt. Still, despite McCarthy’s failure to back up his charges he managed to flourish for a time in a climate of suspicion that Hiss wasn’t the only Soviet spy with a claque of defenders and that the government was hiding something. At the same time, counterintelligence professionals knew McCarthy was thrashing around in the dark, but many of them also knew directly or through the grapevine that the FBI was in fact trying to identify hundreds of cryptonyms.