Fifth, To expand on the fourth point. We live in "three dimensional" volumes. Scare quotes because we should distrust our axiomatic concepts of "dimension."Two volumes intersect to form a plane. A plane is the intersection or "mutual elimination" of two volumes. A plane is the least thing we can see or imagine. A "line" is the intersection or "mutual limitation" of two planes.A point is the mutual limitation of two lines. And what is the intersection of two points? A circle? An "oscillation?" 

So your ketchup (spilled at Belshazzar's banquet, no doubt) actually signals a very high, almost certainly non-coincidental probability of mediating some other intelligence like ours. Precisely by appearing as "writing" and "meaningful writing" it has done what we intend to do in information: reduce all other possibilities to near zero. 

The point is that you mistake the categories. Anything can become an object of scientific method. But once it is adequately demonstrated, contextualized within existing bodies of theory, passes experimental testing, and test results are repeatable "at will" we no longer call it "supernatural." And, of course, there's the problem of research funding... The "culprit" here is the wide reception of French literary critic Roland Barthes and his essay The Death of the Author from 1967. I interpret the difference in the following way: Williams holds that "to believe that p" equals "to believe that p is true", while Kvanvig holds concedes the weaker view that "to believe that P" implies "to believe that P is true" (under certain premises). it is important to stress that this is exactly not Kant's point. The opposite is the case: TD itself is the verification! – The "proof" that his categories apply to the objects of experience is exactly what Kant tries to achieve through TD. 

Formal languages are structured deductively and that's is why you have primitive notions. Natural/constructed languages are not structured deductively and thus do not have (stable) primitive notions. They have more of a network-like structure and the meaning of terms are not set only (or mainly) by intensional definitions, but also (and mainly) by partial extensional definitions, particularly ostensive definitions. As your question regards the Theaetetus, I take it that you are interested in primitive notions in (2). The answer to your question (3) Therefore, encountering the other is not a condition of the possibility of subject hood. 

ὁ δὲ κατὰ τοὔνομα λόγος τῆς οὐσίας ἕτερος ἐὰν γὰρ ἀποδιδῷ τις τί ἐστιν αὐτῶν ἑκατέρῳ τὸ ζῴῳ εἶναι, ἴδιον ἑκατέρου λόγον ἀποδώσει. (1) If encountering an other is a condition of the possibility of subjecthood, then you can't be a person without encountering the other. I'll admit that I've never seen anybody explicitly run this argument in print, but I am quite certain it's the first thing that an analytically trained philosopher of mind reading Levinas is going to think. 

ὁ δὲ κατὰ τοὔνομα λόγος τῆς οὐσίας ἕτερος, 

Ok, let me try. (translation is off the top of my head, so check with the oxford translation). We can support (2) in two different ways. First, by thinking of the case of severely autistic people. Autism is a spectrum disorder that involves impairment to one 'theory of mind' i.e. with one's ability to recognize and perceive that other people are people, as opposed to mere objects. At the far end of that spectrum, it looks like we have individuals who genuinely could not ever "encounter an other". Such individuals tend to suffer a number of really heart-breaking impairments, but it is obviously absurd to say that they aren't subjects at all.