Finally, note that doing so would create some practical problems for countries that never organise several elections concurrently (I am thinking about France for example) and potentially many many elections in short succession, although it's not too difficult to imagine some pragmatic fixes for these issues or to simply let countries do as they see fit. Actually, a two party system (or a two-round voting system with a runoff between the top two candidates) allows exactly that. You can't really do anything else than avoid your least-preferred candidate from being elected. You do that by voting for another candidate but, once you realize the nature of the decision available to you, that's a detail. As @cpast noted, this would depend on the specific country you have in mind and “parliamentary democracy, unitary state” is not enough to determine which one you mean. Basically, those are simply descriptive categories that are convenient to describe a set of broadly similar political systems but each of them have slightly different rules and conventions (and sometimes widely different electoral and party systems). Still, I think it's possible to say a bit more about your questions that should be valid for many parliamentary democracies. I am not aware of a systematic analysis of this phenomenon but it's pretty easy to get a feel for this by perusing the results of the Dutch elections. For example, looking the results of the CDA list for the 2006 election from Wikipedia, we can see that 79.5% of the voters voted for the first person on the list (which is equivalent to voting for the list as a whole on the ballot, IIRC). That leaves 20% who do make use of the open list to express a preference and influence the rankings of the candidates. Note that for the German federal elections, the representation was already proportional as there are only half as many districts (and direct mandates) as there are seats in the parliament. Excess mandates can create a bit of drama but not seriously alter the balance between the parties in parliament. The plurality aspect (the first vote) is not about creating majorities, it's only about allowing people to vote for one person rather than merely for a party. If you remove that, it has no purpose. At the same time, this did not have any effect on who was effectively elected. Specifically, six candidates got enough personal votes to be elected directly but five of them were already in the top five spots of the list (not necessarily in the same order). Annie Schreijer-Pierik got more preference votes than all but three other candidates, effectively jumping from number 11 to number 4 on the list. But since her party got 41 seats in total, this had no practical effect. At the end of the day, the key test is that the new government must be elected/confirmed by the parliament. Picking the leader of party A over party B would not bring much if party B, C, and D are bent on governing together. Conversely, if the parties can't agree with each other and nobody is in a position to gather an absolute majority in parliament, forming a government can prove impossible even with a distribution like 35/25/20/20. You might also like to consider that the largest parliamentary constituency in the UK is Ross, Skye and Lochaber at about 12,000 square kilometres, whereas the largest Canadian federal riding is Nunavut at about 2,093,190 square kilometres. There's no reason to suppose the most rational counting scheme for one is also the most rational for the other. To list a few extra structural considerations: As a new and unknown candidate, it's more likely you'd be put up in an opposition safe seat than a safe Conservative seat or an easily winnable marginal, but as the losers of the 1992 General Election in North West Durham will attest, that doesn't mean you'll never make it as an MP. The committee has produced a short handout documenting some of the process, but in brief it appears you're likely to need to attend a meeting in your local area, then if they like the look of you, be invited to a more formal Parliamentary Assessment Board. This will require you to provide three referees, pay a £250 fee and have been a Conservative Party member for at least 3 months. While anyone meeting the criteria to be an MP (be over 18 and a UK, Irish or Commonwealth citizen and not be otherwise disqualified) can run for election in a constituency by collecting enough signatures and paying a deposit, to run in the name of a party, you must be selected by them. In the case of the Conservatives, candidates are selected by the local constituency Association from a shortlist approved by a central candidates committee. I suspect the numbers can be edited if desired, but I'm not certain. Julia Gillard has indicated that the Australian election will be held on September 14, which is the date Yom Kippur falls. This article says that no election has fallen on Yom Kippur since 1946, which is when the Australian Electoral Commission began recording election dates. I've also heard that there's never been a federal election held on Yom Kippur, though I don't have a citation for that. http://www.grwpub.info/senate/ has a list of graphical representations of how the groups accumulated votes and were elected or eliminated (based on above-the-line group voting). In genuine democracies with a non-fixed date election, and a non-trivial Jewish population (unlike, say, India or Japan), how often are elections held on or near Yom Kippur, compared to what would happen by chance alone? But I'm thinking that if you're looking only at Australian elections, there haven't been enough of them to determine whether that's just a matter of chance or not.