Additionally, a lot of rhetoric has been stirred up regarding candidates' past financial dealings, causing some candidates to disclose their federal tax returns. The U.S. Constitution, Article 1, Sec. 10 states in part (irrelevant wording removed): 

While missile defense shields in general have proven effective against short- and medium-range missiles that travel through the atmosphere (the Israeli "Iron Dome" and the U.S. Patriot missle system are good examples), the United States does not have a system that can reliably protect against ICBMs. Even if it did, no missile defense shield is 100% effective, and we're talking about nukes here. It only takes one good shot to cause incredible damage and loss of life. Since the vast majority of abortions in the United States are elective (i.e. not connected to health concerns of the fetus or mother, and not due to rape or incest), the central issue surrounding the abortion debate is a moral argument. Moral arguments against abortion often stem from religious faith, but not always (there are pro-life atheists out there). The only reason women have a right to abortion in America is because of a SCOTUS decision, not an act of Congress. Those are always contentious. Many people in the pro-life camp consider the SCOTUS opinion to be a perverse interpretation of the Constitution, and that the very idea that there is even a "right" to an abortion at all is a matter of serious debate in the U.S. 

No. Information is not automatically public just because it is declassified. 

This also isn't quite technically true. A handful of U.S. states, including Colorado, actually allow prosecution appeals following an acquittal for purposes of establishing legal precedents, but the appeal does not change the permanent termination of the criminal charges. See People v. MacLeod (Colo. 2008); Krutka v. Spinuzzi (Colo. 1963), Colo. Rev. Statutes ยง 16-12-102(1). Basically, pre-ACA, if you are at risk of dying for lack of medical care, you have to quit any job that pays you above the poverty line even if you could earn more but not enough to pay for health insurance. Lots of working class people with serious health problems did this prior to the ACA. 

Legislators have absolute immunity from lawsuits over passing unconstitutional laws. See U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 6 (in the pertinent part): 

As a general rule, sovereign states claim immunity for all military and quasi-military and intentional actions they engaged in and waive immunity only their commercial activities and accidental and unintended harm to third parties (e.g. compensation for innocents harmed in war on the state's own terms even when the harm is justified by the laws of war). 

One could also image a new incumbent President simply bringing an eviction action in the courts of the District of Columbia to physically remove the outgoing President from the White House, although that wouldn't address the need to assert control over the various government departments and agencies. The Secretary of State's office and the Treasury Department are vested with authority of a lot of those mechanics (e.g. changing over payroll arrangements from the old to the new President). Another open question is what remedy is available if the recipient of classified information pursuant to a limited disclosure exceeds the authorized disclosure scope, who is entitled to enforce those remedies, and how those remedies are enforceable (usually cases based entirely on classified information cannot be resolved in civilian courts). The idea behind the case and controversy and standing rules is that the American legal system interprets laws in a very context and fact dependent way, and also that the American legal system has always had comparative few judges relative to other legal systems. Indeed, often, it is impossible to know if a law is unconstitutional or not under the relevant legal standard until it is applied. So, this rule limits lawsuits that may or may not affect anyone (to conserve judicial resources), and requires that there be a context to illuminate and illustrate what the law means in a real world context rather than in the abstract. 

Criminal appeals developed earlier in France out of a desire for centralization of power by monarchs as earlier feudal practices waned and based upon procedural practices of canon law (i.e. Roman Catholic religious courts which were greatly influential on European courts) (same source): (11) Subject to any treaty or agreement to which the United States is or may be a party or to any accepted rule of international law, persons serving with, employed by, or accompanying the armed forces outside the United States and outside the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Virgin Islands. Sometimes these questions are ruled on by a "Supreme Court" (see, e.g., the advisory and suo moto powers of the Supreme Court of India and the power of the Supreme Court of Canada to issue "reference opinions"), sometimes by a body called a "Constitutional Court" (see, e.g., Germany's Federal Constitutional Court) and sometimes by a body called a "Council of State".