First, we need to figure out who we mean by "post-structuralists". There's a pretty diverse of people who generally get this label applied to them (and very few, if any, who use it as a self-appellation), and these folks have a pretty wide set of interests. However, we can safely say that there are not many among who have taken it upon themselves to comment directly on physics or the natural sciences. I fear I may not have made my point clearly enough, so let me try again. Inference and Analogy could be useful for following individual claims, but at the same time, inferences and analogies are going to necessarily be based upon a process of reasoning from things you already believe to be true, which puts you in danger (as you point out) of confirmation bias. To cut to the chase: if you follow a foundationalist epistemology, you have some kind of axioms or first principles that you need to build up from (but it is likely that doing so would require you to actually become a scientist in order to make a decision in this case); if, on the other hand, you follow a coherentist epistemology, you adjudicate each new claim against the things you already believe to be true, which puts you in danger of confirmation bias. Widening the scope of consideration, his goodness claim is also an implicit argument in the context of his science public advocacy. In this case, it would be that you should pay attention to science since it identifies truths about the world (since they can bite you in the ass whether or not you pay attention to them or not). That he feels the need to (indirectly in this case) exhort people about the value/goodness of science indicates that he recognizes that the blunt truth of it doesn't just force itself into peoples' minds. Instead it needs advocates who lead the public discussion with these kinds of statements. From what I know of his professional life, he'd accept that he's taken on this kind of advocacy role and is trying to change people's beliefs. A good example of this is his testimony before congress on continuing/expanding NASA funding. These remarks flip back and forth between science advocacy, and advocacy for NASA's role in shaping the national dialog, and inspiring the nation, i.e. that they "shake loose the shimmers of belief". "Audacious visions have the power to alter mindstates about what is possible" (same @3:33) is a comment about what people believe, not what is true. I think a better way to frame the question is "Is a theory that is not falsifiable (in practice) useful?" To cut to the chase, Hume is canonical reference here, and you are quite correct that we only perceive effects, and not causes, and that there is no rigorous way for us to identify what we mean by a cause except circularly through reference to the effects. If you can come up with a more parsimonious explanation for physical effects which does not require recourse to the concept of "energy", physicists will rejoice-- as long as the formulas still operate correctly. I leave the religious analogy as an exercise to the reader. I fear I may not have made my point clearly enough, so let me try again. The argument fails on Proposition #1. Thus, oddly enough, we're left with basing our judgments upon the authority of others, and going with the study that comes from the source we judge to be most trustworthy. Which leads, of course, to the question of how we evaluate the qualifications of the authorities themselves-- which leads us back to the same list of epistemological warrants.