You divide the map of the assembly area into smaller polygons. The vertices of your polygons need to be landmarks which you can identify both on your map and in your photo. You calculate the area in m² for each polygon You map those polygons on your photograph as well as possible For each polygon, you estimate how much of it is filled by people (fill-factor) and estimate the number of people per m² (density). The numbers from Jacob's original paper were: Now you can calculate the number of people in each polygon by multiplying the area in m² with the fill-factor and the estimated density. Do that for all polygons, add up the numbers and you should have a quite good estimation. The primaries are a conventional single-vote election. The voters in the primary can not express disagreement with a particular candidate except by voting for a different one. That means the current prognosis system - asking potential voters who they prefer the most out of all available candidates - is a pretty good indicator. The US executive has a budget plan which is made by Congress. This budget plan says how much money the President is allowed to spend for what purpose. Building a border fortification requires labor and material, and unless Trump can somehow find a way to get someone else to pay for it (good luck with that), these must be paid from the federal budget allocated for this purpose. Fortunately for Trump Congress decided last year to allocate $1.6 billion to improving border fortifications. Unfortunately this is still short of the $2.6 billion the Department of Homeland Security requested for this purpose. 

The best explanation that fits now? This is Trump being Trump. Consider the ill-fated travel-ban, which was hastily implemented and caused mass chaos. I don't think Trump thought this through (it's pretty rare that a President outright fires anyone, they typically ask for, and receive, a resignation, for reasons this firing has made obvious). Politico has this note 

Moore is thus seen by his supporters as a religious martyr with deep convictions. These actions are in sharp contrast with that, if true. Trump, by contrast, is not seen as a deeply religious person at all. The problem is you must prove Trump knew all of this and was involved in some way. What sank Nixon in similar circumstances were the Watergate tapes proving he had direct knowledge of illegal activity. Barring something similar to connect the dots, it seems more likely that you could find someone in the Trump campaign who was involved. In that case, the person who was caught would likely face some sort of charges, while the White House would simply deny knowledge and assert that person had acted on their own. 

As of today (November 9th), the United States have not yet elected a president. They have elected an electoral college, which will elect a president on December 19th. 

If the Trump administration can somehow finance the construction, there might still be some minor local problems to solve. For example there are some environmental concerns. Improved border fortification doesn't just prevent people from migrating but also blocks the natural migration paths for animals. Environmental protection groups might go to court over this. Also, the building plans might interfere with local property rights. The US government can't just build fortifications on land owned by private people. When the owner doesn't want to sell, the government would have to try to acquire the land with eminent domain power. But when the owners are willing to put up a fight, this might require a lengthy lawsuit. At least one group is planning to exploit this to oppose Trump's border wall project. 

You divide the map of the assembly area into smaller polygons. The vertices of your polygons need to be landmarks which you can identify both on your map and in your photo. You calculate the area in m² for each polygon You map those polygons on your photograph as well as possible For each polygon, you estimate how much of it is filled by people (fill-factor) and estimate the number of people per m² (density). The numbers from Jacob's original paper were: Now you can calculate the number of people in each polygon by multiplying the area in m² with the fill-factor and the estimated density. Do that for all polygons, add up the numbers and you should have a quite good estimation. 

But a more reliable method to count crowd sizes is the Jacob's Method. In order to use this method, you need: 

The simple fact is that this is equally a cheap and easy political victory for Trump. Most Republicans dislike the accords and Trump can take the focus off his other political woes. Like Kyoto before it, Paris was more of an agreement to agree on something so photos could be taken and people made to look good. The root problem is that, in order to reach the goals talked about, you have to do one important thing: make energy expensive, or ban certain forms outright. That is not a politically popular position. 

The problem is you must prove Trump knew all of this and was involved in some way. What sank Nixon in similar circumstances were the Watergate tapes proving he had direct knowledge of illegal activity. Barring something similar to connect the dots, it seems more likely that you could find someone in the Trump campaign who was involved. In that case, the person who was caught would likely face some sort of charges, while the White House would simply deny knowledge and assert that person had acted on their own.