Curiously, the word "El" in Judaism can be used for gods or powerful being to further add confusion. Curiously too, jewish bible translation like http://www.mechon-mamre.org translate El as God anyway even when modern Judaism claim that it's not God. Such as when Jacob wrestle with El, mechon-mamre would translate Israel as struggle with God and Peniel as face to face with God even though modern judaism believe that Jacob is wrestling with an angel rather than God. 

Greek before democracy are not as absolute monarchy as China. Seed of "equality of men" are in greek long through western europe, etc. Even Spartha is a republic and their king got to appease the people. 

In fact libertarian is effectively saying that I am free to do what I please and I do not want to obey you or your god, which I don't believe to exist anyway. So soon, atheism will be common too. 

Being able to split seas doesn't mean you're almighty. In fact, we humans can do that easily now. 

For example, is there any jewish comentary that claim that YHWH is almighty before Plato, for example. That'll be interesting. It seems that the idea that YHWH is almighty comes from Plato rather than from original judaism. 

There is one God. That one God appoint one Emperor. Me. So all of you got to do what I say. That's the message of monotheism. 

A sample is deuteronomy 32:8. Most ancient scrolls jot that down differently suggesting that many different bible compiler may think that the original is too controversial they ended up changing it. 

I think the idea of true monotheism, namely one absolute God that's almighty, start of in the beginning of almighty absolute monarchies. That is, during the age of empires. 

Original judaism seems to be henotheistic. There shall be no other God before me doesn't mean there is no other gods. It could mean that even when there are other gods you're not supposed to worship that one. 

Note: When I said God here, I mean images of God that people actually believe and worship. How the actual true God behaves is out of my capability to see and I really want to know more. It is possible, as 3 billions (and growing number of) people believe, that YHWH is indeed "The God" equal to (the same guy as) Shang Ti. However, historical evidence seems to show that original jews didn't believe that their God is almighty or the only one around. Mighty, but not almighty. 

In all cases, judaism believe in many "El"s. 

http://faculty.gordon.edu/hu/bi/Ted_Hildebrandt/OTeSources/05-Deuteronomy/Text/Articles/Heiser-Deut32-BS.htm 

Ancient jews, persia, chinese are all monotheistic. One God, one King. One king per God. 

Judaism is strange. If you ask a jew, I bet they said that from the beginning they have been worshiping an omnipotent, religious tolerant, democratic God that opposes stoning. 

Now what about republic or democracy? Well, the greek is democratic. The Canaanites are republic or federal. So they tend to have multiple gods. 

Religion is a way to impose your will against others. 

This is why ancient big countries like chinese/persia believe in an almighty single God where smaller country like israel believe in a henotheistic God. 

In a sense, ancient jews didn't claim that their God is almighty. Christians claimed that given that Christian is the official religion of the mighty roman empire. 

Rome become monotheists after they become monarchy. After that Byzantine's empire is split into different kingdom. Then their monks have a hard time explaining why the same God would tell 2 different christian kingdoms to kill each other. In ancient judaism, this is not an issue. Well, their God is YHWH and the other guys have different gods. Having many small kingdom and yet one God causes cognitive dissonance. Either religion or politics then change to match the other. 

In fact, true monotheism, where the God is almighty and is the only one out there, probably start of at the start of large absolute monarch empire like Persia, Roman, or Chinese. Before it's either polytheist (in case of republics) or henotheist (for small country like israel). 

Monarchies like israel tend to be monotheistic/henotheistic (Torah may be written during the monarch era). Republics like greeks tend to be polytheistic.