Crucially, coalition-building, not raw seat numbers, is the real constraint. When simple conventions or obvious alliances are not enough to find a majority, it's not meaningful to think of cabinet formation arithmetically as a game between “party A” and “party B”, the outcome depends entirely on the specific context. So if extraordinary circumstances means that political parties and/or members of parliament are willing to go with unconventional ministers, anything is possible. But nobody can force them to merely because no one party has won a clear majority. This is part of a long-term effort to foster some European-wide debate and make this election about European issues, as opposed to purely national ones and generally make the EU more democratic and strive for something like a parliamentary regime, with a “cabinet” (the Commission) supported by a majority in parliament. Importantly, the Parliament is the one EU institution whose members are not named in some way by national governments (commissioners, EUCJ judges, members of the court of auditors, etc. are all named by each country's government). However, the current system did not come about all at once. I gather that for the very first elections to the Bundestag, voters only had one vote that served both as a first and as a second vote (to use the current terminology), a rather unwieldy system. (Incidentally, in the UK, even the main parties do not contest every constituency in each election. The speaker of the House of Commons traditionally leaves his party and runs unopposed, at least by Labour, the Liberal-Democrats and the Conservatives, other parties like UKIP, the Green Party or the SNP do contest the seat.) It would also seem particularly important given Hong Kong's peculiar situation within the “one country, two systems” framework. Hong Kong institutions were designed to provide some guarantees against interference from a central government operating under completely different principles than the local institutions. In this context, the role of the army, which is controlled by the central government, is particularly sensitive. Still, in the last election, three candidates were elected based on preference votes, displacing someone who was higher up on the list than they were. Candidates with a strong local grounding can also help put their party in the parliament, even if it has less than 5% of the vote nationwide. Here, the idea is to guarantee a better representation to (geographically concentrated) minorities. It happened most recently to the PDS in 1994. Since 1962, the president traditionally chooses a prime minister pretty quickly after being elected and before the parliamentary elections. The new government has a few real powers (including on police and military matters) and can also start gathering information or nominating key people to prepare its work but obviously cannot start implementing its legislative agenda. There is also quite a bit of posturing involved.