Time out is not punitive, or should not be when the child is young. When your child matures, being sent to their room might make sense, but to a toddler -- it really doesn't. The caregiver may have to sit in time out with the child. It is a 'stop the action, catch your breath, change of subject' time that is absolutely quiet. At the end, the caregiver can talk quietly about what has been going on and help give the child language so the s/he can learn to express it better. "You were mad when he took your toy and you hit him. Next time, come and tell me and I will try to help." "It was his turn to play with that toy, so when you hit him, that hurt his feelings and made him mad." Fine Motor Fine motor activities are also a great way to help your child develop important skills. You expand the use of choices to other areas. "I am sorry that you chose to break your toy*." The consequence is that now that toy is broken and must be used that way (if it is safe) or they do not have it. This means the consequence is natural and you never need to be angry. *This is simply what happens when a toy is intentionally broken. A token system is quite simple, but should not be used unless praise and simple redirection are not working. For every activity or set period of time, the child earns a token that earns them something they like. In my opinion, natural rewards make the most sense. So if the child has listened, s/he receives a token that allows for extra time on the swing, or an extra story, or any special thing that they enjoy doing with the parent or caregiver. I personally prefer the tokens to be earned and rewarded in short periods. A toddler may not understand being good now in order to get a trip to the park in four hours. So earning the token for playing nicely in the sand might earn them extra time, or another activity choice -- even one you might not prefer, like water play. It works best when the 'prize' is something the child really wants. And - as torgengb correctly remarks, there are many alternatives to a frontal collision with very different effect on deformation of the car and movements of luggage and people inside! What could be the reasons for such behavior and what would be a good reaction? 

-> The solution with the least risk for injury are the child seats! 

If your child seats are so uncomfortable, maybe you can borrow a more comfortable seat just for the duration of the trip? At our national automobile club (in Germany) it is possible to borrow child seats for some days or weeks. (However, I fear that it might not be much cheaper than buying one, if its not only for one or two days.) And for sure he still goes to the bathroom again, directly before going to bed around 8 PM. I'd assume those criteria are important: 

Concerning bed wetting in the night (and not at all waking up before to go to the toilet) she said: When he sleeps at night, he wears diapers, as he is not aware of peeing during the night yet and does not wake up in time. So far that's ok, we've contacted a specialised doctor and it seems to be normal that some children take longer until they learn how to control that. 

I have the impression, that if the situation gets too perfect, he purposefully tries to destroy it. This sounds strange to me - could this be true? 

The practical problem: Even though he wears diapers (slip type, which he can put on by himself) in the night, it happens very often (sometimes daily) that the bed is really wet when he awakes in the morning. 

My son (5) sometimes changes his mood suddenly. Sure this is somehow normal human behavior, but it can drive us mad. Remarks: Important addendum: Toilet training for the night and medical aspects In case you're having the same problem, one more remark might be important: