“The 1933 problem was designed to simulate a war in the Pacific, one initiated by carrier operations. Anticipating that Japan would attack before formally declaring war (as she had done against Russia in 1904), the scenario envisioned the sortie of the Japanese fleet eastward across the Pacific. This fleet, its sinister designation Black, had ominously prescient orders: “To inflict maximum damage on the PEARL HARBOR NAVAL BASE in order to destroy or reduce its effectiveness.” 

As noted below the use of the ® symbol is enabled by Title III Section 29 of the Trademark Act of 1946, as amended 1949, 1962, 1975, and 1988 and published November 25, 2013. Note in particular the wording: 

Although the Japanese attack was unexpected in its timing, The US Navy was well aware: (a) that the Japanese were in the habit of attacking before a formal declaration of war; and (b) that a surprise attack on Pearl Harbor was both possible and likely to be devastating, having itself simulated such an attack several times over the past 15 years as outlined here 

But the true turning point was probably in 1877: 

Say 'Prunes' not 'Cheese': The History of Smiling in Photographs by Michael Zhang "Smile!": A Polemic on Fine Art Portraiture by Stephanie Dean Archive body starts debate on smiling for photographs by Steven McKenzie 

The actual attack on Pearl was launched while the Japanese carriers were somewhat west of the northernmost black line, about half way between its intersection with the blue line and Pearl. 

1754 STRYPE Stowe's Survey: II v 319's: Any Coal Owner may employ crimps or Factors, not being lightermen or buyers of Coals for sale. 

Couple the dangers of the mission with the difficulties of destroying, or even significantly damaging, the locks and gates of the canal, and the chances of the attack being successful are very low. 

To conclude the chapter, Churchill notes that, following Molotov's speech on May 19th in rebuttal to Chamberlain's speech in the House of Commons earlier that day: 

Remember that it takes several times longer to typeset a page (by hand, as in 1776) than to hand-write it; and that the typesetter still requires a hand-written fair copy to set from. So you don't save any time by only typesetting the document - as it must be first written out fair for the typesetter. 

In regards to the French government, they had been informed well in advance by their ambassador in Berlin. The following is extracted directly from the French Yellow Book (my emphasis), a compendium of French diplomatic documents from 1938-1939: 

Note these links are pay only after a couple of sample hits: Coal Crimp OED online Link Crimpage money OED online link 

For centuries many echoed the sentiments of Mark Twain: 

There were also three light division, designated respectively as Alpine (the 10th), (mule-)Pack (the 71st), and Truck (the 89th). The last appears to have been a fully motorized division, but deployed to Le Havre only on 21 January, 1945 and saw only relatively light action. It did participate in the overrun of Buchenwald on 4 April 1945. 

and from 1839 cocktail as a more general mixed drink in Marryat's Diary American: 

Not much need for bootlegging that early in the 19th century. Whether the popularity of cocktails in the 1920's arose from the need or desire to hide foul liquor I cannot say; but the word was long established by that time. 

The Martini is attested to from the 1888 Bartender's Manual, where there was a recipe for a drink that consisted of: 

As a former mentor of then Senator Harry Truman upon his arrival in Washington; FDR's Assistant President for much of WWII; a pre-convention favorite in 1944 to be FDR's running mate; and newly appointed Secretary of State; Jams Byrnes certainly wielded considerable influence with Truman during those summer months of 1945. However it is worthwhile to remember the slogan over Truman's desk for his entire presidency: "The Buck Stops Here". Truman accepted full responsibility for every decision from the Oval Office, and expected to make the final decision on all key government policies. 

And, In The Gathering Storm Churchill writes (in Chapter 20, The Soviet Enigma): 

Byrnes is noted often for the copiousness and precision of his conference notes, but any notes he may have made on the Atomic Bomb decisions in July and August 1945 seem either not to exist anymore, or to still be classified. As such, we are left with only the published personal recollections of those present during those meetings, always remembering the perils of taking too literally the memories of those who are "remembering with advantages". 

Plus, the entire return mission probably needs to be performed under radio silence - note how a single poorly timed radio message ended the Bismarck's career earlier that year. 

Nicholas Jeeves of the Cambridge School of Art addresses this question well in a lengthy essay: The Serious and the Smirk: The Smile in Portraiture. 

My guess is that a first fair copy was penned by Jefferson from the drafts for signing, and then either it or a second was supplied to the typesetters for working from. 

The remainder of U.S. Army infantry divisions, excepting mountain and airborne, were foot-transported. However, note that the mobility of a foot-transported divisions is more commonly limited by its logistics than by walking pace; in this all U.S. Army divisions were supplied with plentiful trucks for transport of headquarters units, artillery, supplies, and the rest of the tail. 

Update: Of course, one of the primary responsibilities of every commanding officer is to somehow make the make-work feel both real and important so that the expected benefits are actually achieved. Basing promotions, increased responsibility, and medals on the results and accomplishments of that work are part of that process.