Since St. Peter, the Prince of the Apostles established his first see at Antioch (Antakya, Turkey), my question is this: Do the Catholic faithful of Turkey celebrate the Feast of the Chair of St. Peter at Antioch in accordance with the general celebration, or according to a local custom? If they do, what is the day of celebration? In fact, according to the Ambrosian tradition, black is not only the colour of mourning (and, as such, used for requiem Masses), but also the true color of penance and fast: in this sense it is used at least since the XII century not only for Lenten ferial days but also for the Minor Litanies, that in the Ambrosian Rite occur after the Ascension. - Liturgical Colors for Lent in the Ambrosian Tradition In the absence of a priest, which was my case, I prayed for the inmate the best I could. The Catholic Church honors the Apostle St Paul as a Pillar of the Church and as a martyr. As we know, Good Friday falls on March 25 (2016) this year. In Catholic and Orthodox Churches, March 25 is also the Feast of the Annunciation. Fr. Mortara with his mother and a brother. Since the Second Vatican Council, Pope Paul VI has permitted married men to be ordained to the permanent diaconate. Pope Paul's Apostolic Letter SACRUM DIACONATUS ORDINEM was publish on June 18,1967. An historical tradition for this question to be considered of 100 years or more. As for the title of saint goes, the Early Church only recognized martyrs as saints. St Paul made the ultimate witness of his faith when he was martyred in Rome some time around 66 AD. §3. The impediment of consanguinity is not multiplied. In Catholic thought the three stages (ways,state) of interior life or prayer are the purgative stage, the illuminative stage and the unitive stage. Heart Valve (deceased-donor, living-donor and xenograft [porcine/bovine]) Has this same process ever been applied to the canonization of a saint "in pectore"? Can anyone point out to any other sources that support such a popular belief did in fact exist? The Catholic Church professes a belief in the existence of limbo. Although the doctrine on this subject has not yet been defined, does the Catholic Church believe that it is eternal? Why did British sailors get the Crucifixion scene tattoo on their backs. There is a Catholic author who compared St Paul's vision of the third heaven to the third or final stage or way of perfection. I can remember reading it some years ago, but cannot recall it now. First of all, according to the Code of Canon Law (Can. 332 §2) a pope may resign his office. We cannot be positive whether this identification of the pope as being the Linus mentioned in 2 Timothy 4:21 goes back to an ancient and reliable source, or originated later on account of the similarity of the name. - Pope St. Linus (67-76) To understand the question at hand let us start by looking at what Canon Law has to say about "Specific Diriment Impediments" to marriage. After careful reflection I have therefore decided that the only form by which the electors can manifest their vote in the election of the Roman Pontiff is by secret ballot. We know that at certain times a Pope has created a cardinal of the Catholic Church "in pectore" (in the heart). This simply means that the Pope, in creating a cardinal in such circumstances, chooses not to publish the new prelate's name publicly due to some political (or other) reason. His name remains known only to the Pope until such time as he can announce the cardinal's name publicly. Bone marrow/Adult stem cell (living-donor and autograft) Fæder ūre, ðū ðē eart on heofonum,Sī ðīn nama gehālgod.Tō becume ðīn rice.Gewurde ðīn willaOn eorþan swā swā on heofonum.Urne gedæghwamlīcan hlāf syle ūs tōdæg.And forgyf ūs ūre gyltas,Swā swā wē forgyfaþ ūrum gyltendum.And ne gelæd ðū ūs on costnunge,ac alȳs ūs of yfele. Sōþlice. One should encourage him to focus on Christ and His Passion: Quo vadis? (on Wikipedia) Church of Domine quo vadis (on Wikipedia) The question of tattoos was on the mind of at least one pope. Pope Hadrian I forbade the usage of tattoos on one's body in 787 AD.