That said, I am currently working through De Landa's Philosophy and Simulation, which I highly recommended for a thoughtful (and non-Bostrom-oriented approach) to some of the larger questions of emergence and simulation and their implications for philosophy and science. An encounter with the outside "splits" the subject and compels thought. Problems result from external relations, being open to the aleatory encounter which demands thinking: being equal to the Event. The event for philosophy is certainly not the same as a great historical event, and indeed sometimes they are nearly imperceptible (or indeed incorporeal.) But it is exactly here where a ruthlessly lucid empiricism is needed... Finally, it may help to recall Bostrom's own conclusion: Watson also sheds some light on the relationship between schizoanalysis and cartography, and helps place it within a larger cultural-theoretical context: A philosophical concept is no different in principle, no harder or easier to understand than an artistic composition or a mathematical function. For the 30 years after Passmore's report metaphysics became ever more visible in philosophy. It was a diverse development, but in the self-conceptions of many of its most prominent practitioners there was no attempt to shun science or logic or to think that metaphysics had access to facts that were deeper than or beyond those that a proper science could reach. So the metaphysics that blossomed was not necessarily of the sort that Carnap and others combated. Most recently there are some in meta-ontology that want to reconsider and reconnect with Carnap's ontological caution. Even in its heyday many philosophers who on either doctrinal or sociological grounds can be grouped with the logical empiricists did not see themselves that way. We should not expect philosophers today to identify with the movement either. Each generation finds its place by emphasizing its differences from what has gone before. But the spirit of the movement still has its adherents. There are many who value clarity and who want to understand the methodology of science, its structure, and its prospects. There are many who want to find a natural home within a broad conception of science for conceptual innovation, for logic and mathematics, and for their own study of methodology. And importantly there are those who see in science a prospect for intellectual and social reform and who see in their own study of science some hope for freeing us all from the merely habitual ways of thinking “by which we are now possessed” (Kuhn 1962, 1). These are the motives that define the movement called logical empiricism. As Twain might have said, the reports of its death are greatly exaggerated. The question does seem to assume an anthropomorphic God, at least in some respects. Yet after all, who is to say our desires are analogous to whatever moves/motivates God himself? And why should we suppose we would have any chance of understanding the mind of God in this or any respect? My sense of the hypothesis is that basically it isn't falsifiable or empirical; there is an analytic dimension to Bostrom's analysis here that simply can't be validated in any experimental way. Hence I don't think it poses a significant problem for scientific realism. The hypocritical relationships of the Sophists to money was a major point of criticism against it -- Plato's criticism is basically that they would teach anyone who paid, where Socrates would "promiscuously" teach anyone at all -- or at least those who seemed like they were bright enough to keep up... Maybe kind of interesting today to consider alongside the watering-down of curricula, in lockstep with an ongoing corporatization of an education system which increasingly considers students customers. SEP does a very good job of putting Passmore's claim into context: Now, if we are granting that we are in someone's ancestor simulation, it is certainly possible that we may run into certain limits "hardcoded" by various parameters of the simulation -- an example might be that there could be clauses in the simulation programming designed to identify civilizations that begin to develop the ability to simulate, and take some in-simulation action based on those events (which could include just about anything up to and including triggering the termination of the simulation, etc.) Philosophy seeks out mystifications of any origin in order to abolish them, does battle against reactive thinking every day generation after generation, and indeed is the most important bulwark against such base/vulgar thinking going as far as it would wish; it is only philosophy in the last instance that has the singular positive essence of critique which is capable of enjoining this battle, in this way. Although I feel like I should mention here that, despite their apparent enmity at times, philosophy has no greater friend than science in this war against received notions, and more generally, the spirit of servitude to established powers which the logic of reception of these mystifying notions implies, the belittling of humanity that these illusions betray as their spiritual content. This does not mean one should take this as a serious criticism any more than one should take the Evil Demon as a serious argument that all empirical knowledge is bankrupt. It would be very difficult, for instance, to survive as a human without any concept of something akin to "fall" (or "object", or "ground"). Once you find a superior hypothesis, holding onto the old not-very-satisfying best effort is not the scientific approach. And when your best effort doesn't fit the data all that well, doesn't provide all that much explanatory power, you should be skeptical of it. It does however, tell us some things about morality that we tend to ignore. For example: So the working hypothesis should be and is that we are "just" chemical computers. It does not follow that all the sorts of qualities that we value in humans--compassion, inspiration, consciousness, etc.--do not exist. We can plainly see that they exist. It just means that these things are implementable, somehow. A beach doesn't compute much; it doesn't follow that silicon cannot be used for computation, only that it's not organized the right way on a beach. Likewise, if our computers don't seem much like us in many ways, the simple explanation is that we haven't arranged them to (not without lack of trying, but building sand-castles isn't going to help much with calculating a square root either--if you don't know what to do, you can't do it, even if you have very good reason to believe that it could be done).