3 And there may be reasons of national pride/prejudice/propaganda against requesting or accepting such help, even if needed. 

Imagine1 that there is a large enough group of people that say that to get voting rights you need to know how to play a musical instrument; a mainstream candidate appealing for their support could lose a lot of votes elsewhere. So, instead of the mainstream candidate X making campaign for that demographic, a new party appears that includes as part of its platform promises to get that objective, and that such a party then endorses candidate X... the "second brand" gets the votes without X having to compromise his/her position. 

This bill has been rushed. ACA took like 18 months to pass (IIRC). This was intended to pass in weeks. As stated above, consensus in favor of something is not that easy, and simply there was no time to build a consensus, even if it were possible. 

It was a time shortly after the fall of the SU that lead to the policies of "New World Order"2 which saw increased USA interventionism ("the World police"). 

You need to fake a LOT more of data, increasing the risk of the wrong data being detected. 

AFAIK it happens, but the procedures above mentioned become even more complicated. 

And then, of course, the answer by IllusiveBrian (conceding defeat does not change the results of the election and does not compromise Hillary's options in the very improbable case of a different results) and Count Iblis comment (if there is a tie then the POTUS will be decided by the Republican controlled House of Representatives). 

Firing him invalidates those claims and might soften the opinion of some of Hillary's supporters. Also, he gets to appoint an FBI director. And all of that, at the small price of letting go someone who is mostly disliked by everybody (the Dems because of the October incident, the Reps because of the Russia probe). 

Of course, if your friend just want to press home how good his side is and how bad the other side is, I guess he felt no need to research issues further than "someone said that the statistics have been manipulated"... good luck convincing him of the opposite! 

And let's not forget that, as @Sejanus comments, there are many people who believe that he is the right person for these responsabilities and, in a democracy, the value of each opinion is supposed to matter the same2. 

2 Despite all, this possibility is very, very, very, very unlikely nowadays in the USA, but it has happenned in other countries. 

And yes, in Michigan you could still vote with a provisional ballot. 

From my POV, I can see two ways of valoring the situation: 

And, as for the last question "is Trump elected as a Republican President or this particular party's President?", the answer would be: 

From what I read, some parties look more like 1st (not always endorsing the same candidate, and some times endorsing none) and others may be more suspect of using the 2nd possibility2. 

Why should Turkey be punished for suffering terrorism? Governments are punished because of state sponsored terrorism. Not when they are the victims of terrorism. Should the USA sanction France for the terrorist attacks there? 

Unless it is a complete disaster, it is easier to fight such a law before it is implemented. Once it begins working, its benefits become more evident to the public (at least to the part who directly benefits from it) and it creates interests(stakeholders) that move against repeal/drastic changes. It is easier to sell the idea that "Obamacare = death panel" before people gets healthcare coverage (and in some cases, services that they would not have been able to fund themselves) thanks to the Obamacare. 

This should be a comment, but I needed the space: 

Note that I am not claiming that these fraud charges could cause a big portion of the American public (or even Trump supporters) to do stupid/illegal things, most of them will just ignore Trump claims unless he can provide some actual evidence. The problem is that even if these allegations only motivate a 1% of Trump supporters, it would be still a number of people large enough that could cause serious trouble.