What to do when you find an unclaimed (lost) property: The first thing you have to do if an unclaimed object comes in your custody is make a public announcement. Then wait for a year to see if the owner returns. If he doesn't you can utilize it. 

One thing you should obviously be cautious is that when nasal or oral bleeding occurs, maximum care should be taken not to let the blood down the throat. The 'Camel' which can protect and feed itself. The camel can be compared to any potentially un-harmable object eg. a stone slab etc. These things should not be picked up. This part of the hadith explains two cases: 

Book 30 (Fasting) :: Hadith 46 Narrated Ibn `Abbas: The Prophet (pbuh) was cupped while he was fasting. 

If bleeding did invalidate fast, our beloved Prophet (Peace and mercy of Allah be upon him) would never undergo cupping while fasting. 

However, Hanbali school debates that Cupping invalidates the fast, NOT due to the flow of blood, but because of the temporary weakness it offers. This is albeit a different question you could ask. 

The 'Sheep' which is potentially harmable. The sentence "It is for you, for your brother (i.e. its owner), or for the wolf." means that till the owner finds it, if you don't guard it, the wolf will have its meal. The sheep here can be compared to any fallen object not abled (designed) to protect itself eg. a book, cash, cell phone, etc. and the wolf can be compared to any harm that can be caused. So you should pick it up, make a public announcement and guard it for a year. If the owner still doesn't turn up, you can keep it for yourself. 

Therefore, no scholar has a right to do ijtihad unless he's a Hakam judging by what Allah has revealed And this ijtihad isn't binding on anyone. 

Sahih Muslim and Jami at-Tirmidhi 

Jabir reported the Jews would say: "Whoever goes into his wife's vagina from behind her, then his children will be cross-eyed." So Allah revealed: Your wives are a tilth for you, so go to your tilth when or how you will (2:223). The ayah itself is evidence that allows men to have sex with their wives from any way. 

So the possibility of ijtihad being wrong exists. But the hakam will be rewarded because he used Quran and Sunna to make a judgment. 

Ijtihad is a decision based on Quran and Sunna by a hakam during a judicial case. This is because the Prophet said = And as you've already mentioned, it's based on Quran and Sunna. Only Allah has the authority to change it, whether it's adding, subtracting, or interpreting. But Ijtihad in of itself is not a source of hukm. 

Besides a hakam, there's no ijtihad in Deen. The Deen is clear when it comes to haraam and halaal and the obligations. No ijtihad is valid in these things. However, everyone will be rewarded based on their intentions. 

It's the only Sahih hadith on ijtihad and it's speaking about a hakam. And Rasolullah clearly said a hakam can also be "erred." 

One thing you should obviously be cautious is that when nasal or oral bleeding occurs, maximum care should be taken not to let the blood down the throat. 

This part of the hadith explains two cases: 

If bleeding did invalidate fast, our beloved Prophet (Peace and mercy of Allah be upon him) would never undergo cupping while fasting. 

Book 30 (Fasting) :: Hadith 46 Narrated Ibn `Abbas: The Prophet (pbuh) was cupped while he was fasting. 

Book 76 (Medicine) :: Hadith 16 Narrated Ibn `Abbas: The Prophet (pbuh) was cupped while he was fasting. What to do when you find an unclaimed (lost) property: The first thing you have to do if an unclaimed object comes in your custody is make a public announcement. Then wait for a year to see if the owner returns. If he doesn't you can utilize it. If you don't know what cupping is, go through this page from Wikipedia. The 'Camel' which can protect and feed itself. The camel can be compared to any potentially un-harmable object eg. a stone slab etc. These things should not be picked up. 

The 'Sheep' which is potentially harmable. The sentence "It is for you, for your brother (i.e. its owner), or for the wolf." means that till the owner finds it, if you don't guard it, the wolf will have its meal. The sheep here can be compared to any fallen object not abled (designed) to protect itself eg. a book, cash, cell phone, etc. and the wolf can be compared to any harm that can be caused. So you should pick it up, make a public announcement and guard it for a year. If the owner still doesn't turn up, you can keep it for yourself. However, Hanbali school debates that Cupping invalidates the fast, NOT due to the flow of blood, but because of the temporary weakness it offers. This is albeit a different question you could ask.