This can, and has been done (here is an example of something similar), but it takes your book out of the realm of conventional fiction, and reclassifies it as what is called "experimental literature," which can be influential, but which typically draws only a small niche audience. It essentially becomes metafiction --work which deliberately calls attention to itself as fiction --whether or not that is your intent. This, in itself, will make it much more challenging for your reader to suspend disbelief, and to care about your characters and their actions. 

Don't do damage to your work if you think the changes they requested are negative, but keep in mind that if they are a reputable publisher, they probably know the market better than you, and may be giving you really good advice. 

Conversely, and although it may superficially seem a bit trivial for your needs, TV Tropes, the crowdsourced encyclopedia of story elements, is indubitably the most comprehensive collection of common plotlines and tropes ever assembled (although it lacks somewhat in higher organization). 

If you really have the perfect ending, then the beginning will be implicit in it in some way. Just ask yourself what conditions will be the same at the beginning of the story, and what conditions will be the opposite? What travels in a circle in your plot, and what travels in a straight line? What has to change to transform the conditions of the beginning to the conditions of the end, and how will those changes take place? 

The point being, it isn't the premise, it's how you approach it. What you haven't told us is why you, the author, are making a choice that you're personally having trouble taking seriously. To continue with the rabbits example, is it because you want to explore rabbit social structure as extrapolated to intelligent entities? Or because you want to evoke rabbit-like traits? Or because you want them to be underestimated, or their enemies (or the reader) to be astounded? If you have a valid reason for your approach, and you explore it in the story, initial resistance on the part of the reader should diminish --for most people. In your case, you're great at coming up with new ideas, terrible at following them through to completion. There is no shortcut around this, you will have to power through at least one project from start to end. In other words, you have to make an absolute commitment, and stick to it, even at the price at losing out on some good other ideas along the way. It may make it easier, however, if you start with a shorter project. Why not commit to writing a short story, rewriting it, editing it, and at least submitting it for publication BEFORE starting anything new? That way you'll at least have gotten past the psychological block of never having finished anything. 

In many cases, A does not know what B's desire is, and so does not know that their friend in tempted to betray them. 

Then there are skills like how to ride a bicycle. We teach our kids to ride bikes. We can write down a pretty good description of how to ride a bike. Still, there are parts of bike riding that are still tacit. Even with the best instruction, you still need to fall off a few time before you get comfortable and secure. Bike riding if partly teachable. But people can also figure it out for themselves. It is wholly learnable. This is really a question about what type of skill writing is. This is part of a more general principle which I would describe like this: The power of story is far stronger than the power of words. Indeed, if words have any power at all, it is only because they invoke stories. The emotional moments in your story will get their emotional punch from the shape of the story, not the words you choose to describe them. But, I think it's the same as asking yourself: 

Right now, I have two ways of making sure something is realistic enough: 1) I write about things that had happened to me 2) I make sure that I had heard or read about the thing somewhere. I worry that, if I don't specify the day/date, the reader will wonder, "OK, how, is this a day or a year after the previous chapter?" On the other hand, the 'dateless" version seems to flow better. So I'm confused about which one to use. 

I'm not sure which one is the 'right' way of narrating the example above. I've seen this twice. Once in Haruki Murakami's 1Q84 and Natsuo Kirino's Out. The reaction of the readers was: "Hey, you already told me that!" My reaction was: "Damn, you already told me that." 

Yes. Maybe. For some. But I'm pretty sure most people won't like it.