Obviously you love him and want him to think of you in that way, but he already has a father, and he's aware that you're not him. If he doesn't want to think of you in that way, it might be better to use his name, as if he were just a friend's child, and see how he reacts. He might prefer it, as it means you're treating him more like an adult and equal in his mother's life; or he might decide he prefers the father-son relationship and go back to calling you Dad. But making time for people who are a bit tiresome becomes more important the older you get, as your life moves you apart from people you used to be close to. Finding a way to do that that you can maintain is important, especially with family. 

There is no step-by-step way to make someone feel better whom you've hurt. But here's some basic steps. 

This is entirely normal, you're family, not friends. It also sucks for him. You're his child, he sounds insecure about his relationships, and he's struggling. If you are genuinely concerned, make a goddamn effort. 

Yes, GTA V is a wholly inappropriate game to play with your dad (not least because it's single player); but seeing the latest Star Wars (or the original) isn't, or something like HellDivers, Gauntlet or New Super Mario Bros (nothing says, "I love you Dad", like accidentally killing him for the 4th 40th time). 

Have her be honest about why, or even if, she feels this is a bad choice for you. 

General safety and ethics. In the course of his "job" he likely deals with a fair amount of dangerous people. If he's in a dispute with somebody, does she want to be around if things get violent? Even if she isn't around for those (hopefully rare) events, does she understand he's profiting from other people's addiction and sickness? 

Will he nobly take all the blame for drugs and any associated paraphernalia? (The criminal justice system may not care.) Will he put all the blame on her and say he has no idea where the stuff came from? Will he just not bother saying anything? Will he pay for her legal representation as well as his? Safe Sex. Is he wearing a condom every single time, regardless of whether she's taking an oral birth control? Sexually transmitted disease is a big risk in addition to pregnancy. And pregnancy can happen even when multiple forms of contraception are in place. Is she ready to raise a baby? Is she ready to have to face the choice of abortion or teen motherhood? Does she have money saved up in preparation for either option? Is her boyfriend going to be a good parent to their child financially and emotionally for the next eighteen years? Where are they going to live? What will her educational and career path be like when the complication of parenthood is introduced? Favor education over control You need to approach this problem not with a technical solution, which is ultimately guaranteed to fail, but with education, followed by trust. 

What's more, she probably won't like it if you involve yourself directly, especially if she knows the boys that look at her and doesn't see them as complete jerks. It might be somewhat humiliating for her to have dad act as her protector when it's not necessary in her opinion. I'm not quite sure I'm interpreting the problem correctly. In this answer, I'm assuming that your son takes nude pictures of himself (because of points 2 and 7 on your list) and sends them to friends (if he sends them to random strangers, immediately stop this, if necessary by removing his ability to take nude pictures of himself, in order to protect your child!). 

I agree with the other answers that suggest you find the time to talk to your father. Find out why he thinks it's so important for him that you study; maybe there's a sad story hidden there about his past life that explains it. Do think about worst-case scenarios. But go into that talk with the knowledge that even though he's holding all the money and he's older, he really can't force you to do what you don't want to do - you're too old for this, and the law is on your side if it things turn ugly.