The Tower Commission (John Tower) would find George H W Bush innocent of all involvement in Iran-Contra. Senator Tower would be offered the Secretary of Defense job in the Bush administration but would fail to be confirmed by his colleges in the senate, after several military women came forward and detailed several drunken gropings by the senator while chairman of the armed forces committee and visiting military bases. 

Both the North and South had significant war debt. The Unions debt had raised from $65 million dollars in 1860 to 2.7 Billion in June of 1865. debt per capita had increased from $2.06 in 1860 to $75.01 in 1865. 

The story goes that when Johnson was a young college student he ran out of money and spent a year teaching school in southern Texas to minority kids to earn money for school. He threw himself into his job, even purchasing books and teaching the Janitor before and after school. In 1963 in speaking to skeptical political allies Johnson would reference those kids he had bought in southern Texas. 

Short Answer: After the first few months of the Pacific war the industrial differential between the two countries increasingly lead to a colossal mismatch in logistics, arms, supplies, and troops. The beginning and early conduct of the war, justified almost any barbarity in matching the enemies fanatical nationalism. In the latter period of the war the United States demonstrated it had more than a bit of fanatical nationalism of its own. No Quarter given on either side of that theatre of WWII. 

"The Betsy" seized by Morocco in 1784 was the first United States ship seized at sea. The Betsey was a merchant brig and was seized off the coast of Spain. Great Britain recognized the independence of the U.S. by the Treaty of Paris signed in September 1783. U.S. ships ceased to be covered by the tribute Britain was paying to the Barbary pirates at that time. Having a treaty with one pirate nation did not mean you were safe from the other pirate nations. Morocco was in negotiation with the US at the time Jefferson was in Paris to get the United States to pay her tribute, like all of the European nations paid the Barbary pirates tribute. The US declined and that's why they took the Betsy. To coerce the United States into a tribute plan. 

Clarence Morley was a Republican governor of Colorado from 1925 to 1927. He was a KKK member and a strong supporter of Prohibition. He tried to ban the Catholic Church from using sacramental wine and attempted to have the University of Colorado fire all Jewish and Catholic professors. 

No coincidence Algeria declared war on the United States the very same year. Which we solved with Annual tributes.. (for a while) 

On 11 December 1941, four days after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor and the United States declaration of war against the Japanese Empire, Nazi Germany declared war against the United States, in response to what was claimed to be a series of provocations by the United States government when the US was still officially neutral during World War II. The decision to declare war was made by Adolf Hitler, apparently offhand, almost without consultation. Later that day, the United States declared war on Germany. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_declaration_of_war_against_the_United_States_(1941)