First acknowledged war photographer, according to the article mentioned, is Carol Popp de Szathmari, Hungarian. After him there started French photographer Ernest Eduard de Caranza and British photographer Roger Fenton, Crimean war http://www.allworldwars.com/Crimean-War-Photographs-by-Roger-Fenton-1855.html 

source: list of wars from wiki Japan, 1860. Samurai. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samurai) It seems, they had it long. And where people are not considered as human beings, camps and other horrors appear. And it is incorrect to ask when it happened for the first time - for people for thousands years considered all foreigners as non-fully-human. So, the answer will be - it was when the first time a large group of prisoners was considered as too valuable to kill off or to sacrifice. It was so far ago, that it is impossible to say where and when. And obviously, in different times they used different lengths. And of course, they used shorter variants when riding a horse - many hakamas that you see, are a rider's variant. There is one English photo of Afghan soldiers of 1843, but it is an inscenated one, they are really actors. There are photos from the next one - Mexican war - 1848 

I have found an even earlier war photographer. "John McCosh, a surgeon in the Bengal Army, is considered by some historians to be the first war photographer known by name. He produced a series of photographs documenting the Second Anglo-Sikh War, from 1848–49". There was an exhibition about him in London in 2009. 

Another question is using such camp for noncombatants. And again, from the start of slavery that was used, too. 

During the WWII Russian, Polish, German, French and Italian cavalry regiments existed. And they really used swords. The use against tanks is obviously a fallacy, but in the sudden attacks against infantry the swords worked! 

I wanted to ask that question myself. But I would define, what is meant by a concentration camp exactly. For otherwards any large group of prisoners held together is in a camp. Nevertheless, camps were definitely used when captives started to be used as slaves massively. Here is a large collection of contemporary photos and pictures. 

There is a picture of New Hampshire Volunteer Militia on parade in 1846. I have found more photos of soldiers from 1846, but the date was unsure for them. This seems to be the oldest military photo. When Crimean Tartars regularly (practically every year) brought in 15-18th centuries tens of thousands of Polish, Ukrainian and Russian peaceful population to Crimea to be sold, they were kept in extremely bad conditions - for example, they simply didn't take small children and babies - killed or left them to die, for anyway children had not the chance to live over up to the selling.