Third: Mujahid has narrated that Allah transformed their hearts, as in put a seal on them, and did not transform their physical bodies. The exmaple of this is 62:5 This is the most prevalent tafsir of the verse: Ibn Abbas and a large number of muffasirin narrate that stones means sulfur, because of all rocks it blazes the most. This has been said to mention the greatness of the fire that it will be so severe that alongwith people it will also burn stones. And those who transgressed it were punished: There are three major interpretations of what is meant by this phrase in classic tafsirs. The prohibitions of the Sabbath was prescribed for the Bani Israel by Allah. Razi then presents the two logical arguments used by Mujahid and gives their counter-arguments and then the counter-counter arguments. Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) said: It was Friday from which Allah diverted those who were before us. For the Jews (the day set aside for prayer) was Sabt (Saturday), and for the Christians it was Sunday. And Allah turned towards us and guided us to Friday (as the day of prayer) for us. In fact, He (Allah) made Friday, Saturday and Sunday (as days of prayer). In this order would they (Jews and Christians) come after us on the Day of Resurrection. We are the last of (the Ummahs) among the people in this world and the first among the created to be judged on the Day of Resurrection. In one narration it is: ', to be judged among them". First of all we need to find a consensus about the definition of naby and rasul. I couldn't find neither in tafsir ibn Kathir, nor in tafsir at-Tabari and tafsir al-Baghawi, nor in tafsir al-Qurtobi, al-bahr al-moheet or at-tahriri wa-t-tanwir any indication about this verse being used to support the claim that Adam (peace be upon him) is a rasul. All of them agree that he has been chosen by many things: he is the father of mankind, Allah Himself has made Adam and giving him a soul and giving him his name and he has taught him the names of everything, He has settled him in Janah for a while and settled him down on earth later for a reason only He knows. Most of the tafsirs indicate that this verse is an answer to Jews (some say Christians or both) who claimed to be the chosen ones or follow the religion of the chosen ones... Ibn Abbas said: Those transformed didn't live longer than three days. Neither did they eat, nor did they drink, nor did their generations continue. He will say, "The Fire is your residence, wherein you will abide eternally, except for what Allah wills. It means normal everyday rocks and is meant to convey the sheer intensity of the fire: that it would even eat away stones, like lava. And those who transgressed it were punished: Bani Najar replied that they did not know who had murdered Muqis's brother, but they said they would pay the blood money. Then they gave them one hundred camels and sent them back to Medinah. On the way back, Muqis murdered his (innocent) companion from the tribe of Bani Fahr, became a disbeliever and apostate and went to Mecca and used to recite poetry [ eulogizing his actions ] ... [The Prophet said:] I am the first of the Prophets to be created, and the last one to be sent Third: Mujahid has narrated that Allah transformed their hearts, as in put a seal on them, and did not transform their physical bodies. The exmaple of this is 62:5 Then on the day of the conquest of Mecca, the Prophet commanded that he should be killed, even if he is clinging to the Kaabah. When this is proven in the Tafsir, then applying it to Muslims in general is not appropriate. 5:75 The Messiah, son of Mary, was not but a messenger; [other] messengers have passed on before him. And his mother was a supporter of truth. They both used to eat food. Look how We make clear to them the signs; then look how they are deluded. A group of the Bani Israel who transgressed the prohibitions of the Sabbath were punished by transformation into apes and pigs [for three days, after which they died]. It means that he is the first to believe in and act on the revelation sent to him: There are three major interpretations of what is meant by this phrase in classic tafsirs.