As of 2010, the ban is partial and it excludes the two Tu-204's. Air Koryo can operate the two new aircraft (registration marks P-632 and P-633) normally into the European Union. For the rest of Air Koryo's fleet there are several concerns regarding safety & security, summarized in EC Regulation No 474/2006: 

Right now, the distribution of seats in the Greek Parliament is: (15) The corrective action plan presented by Air Koryo in response to France’s request was not adequate and sufficient to correct the identified serious safety deficiencies. 

If we take the opposition's statements at face value and all their MPs follow the party line, then the presidential election will fail. If that happens, then the government will have to dissolve the parliament in at most ten days. 

The right of Union citizens (and their families) to move and reside freely within the Member States that originated with the Schengen Agreement in 1985 is regulated by Directive 2004/28/EC of the European Parliament and Of the Council (emphasis mine): (16) The authorities of the Democratic People Republic of Korea with responsibility for regulatory oversight of Air Koryo have not exercised an adequate oversight on this carrier in accordance with their obligations under the Chicago Convention. 

The third round of the presidential election (Dec 29) failed to elect Stavros Dimas. The general election is set for 25, January 2015. 

(b) By way of derogation from point (a), where the Council does not act on a proposal from the Commission or from the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, the qualified majority shall be defined as at least 72 % of the members of the Council representing the participating Member States, comprising at least 65 % of the population of these States. 

(13) Air Koryo demonstrated a lack of ability to address these safety deficiencies. The Communist Party of Greece considers itself the polar opposite of the ruling coalition, and has a very long history of not co-operating with any other party (even left wing parties). It will be a very big surprise if they support the government's candidate. 

The relevant laws are Spanish Laws, and Human Rights Laws, not European law or the terms of the Schengen treaty. In 1989 there was a violent end to the Tiananmen Square Protests, in which the Chinese government and Chinese army killed many hundred of its own citizens with assault rifles and tanks. 

It would be unacceptable to many in the EU and USA for weapons to be used for killing protestors in this way, and aware of this the EU and USA continue to prevent arms exports to China. This is the judgement that an armed officer has to make. Are lives at risk if I don't kill this person? So if a person were to draw a knife and attempt to stab one of the guards, or if a person were to approach the gate wearing what seemed to be an explosive vest, then there is a clear threat to life and lethal force is justified. However, it is not clear that anyone's life was ever threatened by any member of the crowd. The broken leg occurred when a guard tried to kick/trip a running person and fell awkwardly. To kill any person in the crowd would be disproportionate. And so if you don't intend to use your gun, you don't draw it. It is a matter for the USA and the EU who they want to sell arms to. If the EU don't see a benefit in selling arms to China, then it is within their rights to choose not to. However, I will discuss some of the background: 

Use of a gun is lethal force. If you draw your gun you must be willing to use it. If you fire the gun you do so with the intent to kill. There's no such thing as a warning shot. Lethal force can only be used when it is proportionate. The Spanish border guards can use their guns to protect their own life, or to protect the lives of others. 

For example: currently, the UK has no specific rules on visa requirements for EU citizens, because EU treaties grant freedom of movement. Barring a wider post-Brexit agreement on EU-UK travel, would the UK need to make bilateral deals with individual member states regarding visa-free travel, or can the UK decide on the visa regime per EU member state unilaterally? My question applies to either short-term visas for tourism or business, or longer-term residency visas such as for work. 

The UK government has announced it will leave the EU Single Market. We have been told that unless the UK negotiates a specific trade deal with the EU, trade rules will automatically fall back to WTO rules. We have also been told that the UK wishes for freedom of movement with the EU to end. Trade is only one aspect of a deal between the UK and the EU. If the UK and the EU would fail to negotiate an exit deal before the deadline, is there any default fallback related to visas, tourism, and immigration? 

As the United Kingdom leaves the European Union, there is debate as to whether the UK should remain in the EU Customs Union (or in a bilateral customs union with the EU, which I believe is almost the same in practice), or leave so that it can negotiate its own trade treaties. I can understand the arguments in favour of the UK leaving the EU Common Market if it does not want to guarantee the EU Four Freedoms, and I can see some people dislike the European Court of Justice having power to enforce EU law in the UK. But I don't understand the customs union bit. Presumably, a larger block like the EU should be able to negotiate better terms with other parties than a single country like the UK; both because it has more leverage, and because it has more access to experienced and skilled negotiators. But what could be the advantages for the UK to negotiate its own trade treaties, outside of the EU Customs Union?