Kickers only count when they are part of the best five cards. A better sixth card has no bearing whatsoever in determining a winning hand. I do not know if you call, I do know that you do not automatically fold. The majority of boards in hold'em like this have cards that are connected enough and suited enough for someone to hold a hand better then yours. The villain may also made two pair or is just bluffing, because he figure the board is very wet and you would lay down a lot of hands here. The range of hands he could put you on do not generally involve draws. The play was perfect, you put him accurately on a range of hands that made it prudent for you to check behind him on the flop, and you got all in when you had the best of it, with a push that would put your opponent in the chip and a chair position if he lost. You would rather have a call here from your opponent, but only if he calls all you got to bet. If he folds it is just fine, your tournament precedes after that hand. But doubling up at this point, is worth the risk you took. With Omaha games your best five cards must consist of two cards in your hand and three cards on the board. I would write it NL 200/400/75 Some games had rather complicated limits, at circus circus in Reno, the blind was one dollar, first two rounds you could bet 1-3, and the turn and river the limit was 3-6, This would be written 1-3/3-6. The ruling I made was simple, it was a small pot and nobody really cared how it was ruled. I did however pause for a bit before I ruled and seriously considered leaving the pot in the middle. The two players involved were father and daughter, experienced and just simply ignoring the rule. I just took the path of least resistance and controversy and let it be split, and gave a warning that it would not be split again if this happened. In other variants of poker such as five card draw, Seven card stud etc. Where you posses all your cards the best five cards rule still applies. There is no condition in a five card hand where you can win the pot based on your sixth or seventh card. There are no tie breakers unless your best five cards are better then your opponents best five cards. But those kind of flops do not happen very often. What happens more often is what did happen, one pair, top pair on the flop is hit, the queen in our hero's case or the flop is missed entirely. If a hand that hits is still unplayable after the flop, I have base argument to muck the hand before the flop. Or in other words I need compelling reasons not to muck the hand before the flop. The longer the tournament rounds, the more I would tend to fold here. Having said that there are many forms of poker where one or more of your cards are displayed from the beginning of your hand. None of which are Hold'em or Omaha per say. There are hundreds of variations of playing poker, using a five card hand. Generally speaking he should call, the villain made a huge mistake by making his raise to small. If your going to reopen the action with pocket kings, you should make an assumption that you dominate and raise enough to pick up the dead money, something like three to five times the original bettors raise, or you should not raise at all and trap your player on the flop. In a tournament I would prefer to make a big reraise with Kings, in a cash game out of position I would lean a little more toward calling depending on the raiser and the field. If the Villain had made more then a doubling raise I fold. Poker: How to play poker and other gambling games At this point there are a lot more things to consider. The play has gone wrong. He has not succeeded in taking the blinds, which would be the A plan, and part two taking a little more with a follow up bet, is no longer likely to happen. However, this calculation is quit cumbersome in practice. Therefore, here is a quick rule of thumb to approximate your hitting chance: If you can think of other situations besides the situations described where it may be good play to just flat call, it would be very appreciated. Five best cards win. Your five best cards would be TT222, hence indeed you have a full house which beats his TT66J hand. When you bet and you get raised, is there a situation where it is justified to just call instead of raising or folding? If the player is quite aggressive, there is quite a large change he has a draw and tries to semi-bluff. If you just call you give him the opportunity to make his hand. Moreover, when faced a large bet/raise on the turn you have no idea where you are at (it might still be possible he made his hand on the flop). I think raising would be the best option, but you would probably have to invest allot to give him proper odds to fold a draw, so folding might still be a valid option.