One of my teams is struggling with user story sizing. I have only been working with this team for 3 weeks Team member has said that I have a boring approach to coaching the team and that the previous coach was more fun Team member speaks up and criticizes every single initiative I present to the team Team member questions everything and flails between arguments. She doesn't fight one particular point or point of view, she fights for the sake of fighting. Team member is not a team player and is unwilling to work as a team, very arrogant and always tells the team that she is always right. Team member is not professional at all. Other team members from other team members are difficult, but they are at least professional. I would use an analogy for this team. Imagine a bunch of football players who were not interested in playing a game of football, they just wanted to kick the ball around. Now add me, their coach. I am at odds as I presume this is my job to sort this out. TL;DR The Scrum Guide was designed to be a structured, portable framework that could be lightly customized for each implementation. The Kanban Method is closer to a set of principles, and doesn't even mandate a set of common artifacts—not even the uniquitious board and cards that many people consider synonymous with Kanban! How work enters the system. How work is prioritized, and by whom. How work will flow through the system. What work-in-progress (WIP) limits apply to the system. While agile methodologies encourage customer collaboration, they expressly do not allow assigning tasks to team members outside the agreed-upon process flow. This sounds like a great teachable moment for you to provide education to both your team members and your stakeholders about how the process works, and to remind them that they all agreed to it. If your question were closer to "Is there a commonly-referenced guide for implementing Kanban in industry X?" then it would still be tough to answer, but certainly more answerable. Kanban (as a general framework, rather than as an implementation) lacks the formal guidance you may have come to expect from other systems. This is largely by design. I an an Agile Coach and Scrum Master for a development team. I am literally going to be dropped into the teams and I want to know what process I should follow. The PO has started to create more granular stories but now the opposite is occurring, there are too many code dependencies between different stories e.g. one dev pushes a story to done, another dev picks up the new story and its so tightly dependent that they both need to unpick the original code and or struggle to merge code. I would like a fast start guide to use as a plan of attack for how I should start. What should I do first what should I focus on how should I work with the team and POs etc. I have only been working with this team for 3 weeks Team member has said that I have a boring approach to coaching the team and that the previous coach was more fun Team member speaks up and criticizes every single initiative I present to the team Team member questions everything and flails between arguments. She doesn't fight one particular point or point of view, she fights for the sake of fighting. Team member is not a team player and is unwilling to work as a team, very arrogant and always tells the team that she is always right. Team member is not professional at all. Other team members from other team members are difficult, but they are at least professional. I would use an analogy for this team. Imagine a bunch of football players who were not interested in playing a game of football, they just wanted to kick the ball around. Now add me, their coach. I am at odds as I presume this is my job to sort this out. One of my teams is struggling with user story sizing. Does anyone have any suggestions? One of developers has become impossible to work with because of her attitude towards in particular me and I am not sure how to handle it. I have been hired as a new ScrumMaster for two existing teams "Kanban has caused standups to evolve into a discussion focussed on the kanban board, looking at blockers first, then impediments and then the rest of the cards on the wall instead of going to each person and getting their update" - Kanban by David Anderson The Kanban Method The closest you're likely to get to a succinct guide is "The Principles of the Kanban Method", although it's more akin to the Agile Manifesto than the Scrum Guide in terms of its level of detail. How work enters the system. How work is prioritized, and by whom. How work will flow through the system. What work-in-progress (WIP) limits apply to the system. While agile methodologies encourage customer collaboration, they expressly do not allow assigning tasks to team members outside the agreed-upon process flow. This sounds like a great teachable moment for you to provide education to both your team members and your stakeholders about how the process works, and to remind them that they all agreed to it. If your question were closer to "Is there a commonly-referenced guide for implementing Kanban in industry X?" then it would still be tough to answer, but certainly more answerable. Kanban (as a general framework, rather than as an implementation) lacks the formal guidance you may have come to expect from other systems. This is largely by design. If you choose to ignore the rules, then (statistically speaking) you will join the 68% of IT projects that routinely fail. If you don't enjoy being a failure, then you can either assist your client and your management in reforming the process, or you can get out before the project implodes. It's your career, so the choice is entirely yours.