The government does have plans to cut some taxes but most of the money is simply going nowhere, in the current conditions austerity is destructive. Because it keeps the economy operating under its potential, it makes everyone poorer. It's not always true but at the moment the government could very easily borrow more, spend more, make everyone richer and yet have a sustainable budget. As far as I know, all the players have remained extremely vague as to what they would seek or be prepared to accept if the UK were to leave the EU. Legally, I am not aware of any reason why the UK would automatically leave the EEA as well but for such a momentous event, that's not a very useful way to look at the issues. The future shape of the relationship between the UK and the EU would first have to be worked out at the political level and the treaties could then be changed accordingly. Interestingly, even though it decided to stay out of not only the EU but also the EEA, Switzerland still had to grant the same rights to all EU citizens to gain access to the single market. Beyond the symbolic weight of the membership in this or that organisation, that's the real issue. It's extremely difficult to see how you could compromise on this without killing the single market. 

On a deeper level, there is the notion that the people express a will and give a party a mandate for the next legislature period. In reality, it might only be 51% of the people who bothered to vote, but we still talk about it as if “we” wanted something and since “we” put the people offering it in power, we get it. No watering down or endless negotiations to reach a consensus or satisfy everybody, you go either in this or in that direction. 

I see where you are coming from but note that to many people socialised in a country like France (and, I think, the UK), clear-cut majorities and the possibility of an alternative, of a single election leading to a complete change in government and direction epitomises democracy. Parties are not expected to pass a law once in a while but to implement a coherent set of policies, succeed and stay in power or fail and be replaced. 

Monarchies are hardly peculiar in Europe. Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Spain, the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg are all monarchies. Former socialist republics in Central and Eastern Europe are not, but republics aren't even an overwhelming majority in Western Europe. Interestingly (and perhaps surprisingly), some of these monarchies have been (re)established as independent kingdoms quite recently – the Netherlands (1806-15), Belgium (1830-31), Norway (1905), Spain (1975-78) – and are by no means simply the remnants of some continually existing medieval kingdoms. 

Because of that, EU economies, while not perfectly unified, are integrated to a far deeper level than what international trade agreements allow. And you can easily use a UK branch to serve the whole EU. A country like Ireland used this very explicitly to position itself as a gateway to Europe. And the UK has many of the same advantages than Ireland (the language, qualified workforce, favourable regulations, etc.). It's less visible but it matters too. To the extent that leaving the EU would put the UK out of the single market, it could make the country less attractive for foreign investment and have some long-lasting impact on the economy. How much and whether it's worth it is another question.