All up, it's all just a little odd. Location seems like something worth adding here. Consider the Joel on Software job board, where you pay ~$350 for an ad and nothing as a candidate. Will the market on SO Careers be sufficiently bigger or better? I have my doubts. After all, what does SO Careers offer really? A link to your profile? I can put that on my CV in any case. Something like this lives or dies by reaching critical mass of job seekers using and employers use it. With SO Careers making money on both ends, one wonder if it will reach this. Lastly: startups. Not an area I'm particularly familiar with but if HN is to be believed, it works to a much greater degree on word-of-mouth than traditional recruitment. That being said, I kind of agree that if you're going to spend $100k+ (including on-costs) on employing someone for a year, spending even $5k to find the right person is cheap. But I guess cash flow can be an issue too. I just learned that the Enlightened badge, is for the First (in time order) answer on a question that is also accepted (with 10 upvotes). It has happened a few times now, when on a site where I don't have edit privileges, that I make an edit. I then see that the edit didn't work quite right, so I go back in to re-edit it. This creates a brand new edit review, with an additional useless summary. How about we have the same grace period to re-edit your up-for-review edit, as there is for a normal edit? Of course, it wouldn't be possible once it's been approved. Up until now I thought it was for the First answer for a user that got accepted (with 10 upvotes). The situation has completely changed on deleted questions now that we are banning users from asking questions because of their self-deletions and bad questions. It seems like it'd be pretty simple since the data is already there. How about making the icon on the tab i.e. the title text change in some way, denoting that you have activity on the page? EDIT: It just happened again. I flagged a moderator to fix something I thought they would need to do, then remembered the magic trick to fix it. Then I tried to reflag to let them know I had taken care of it, and couldn't. Of course, I couldn't delete it either.