It's also worth noting that no one received a majority of the popular vote. Hillary Clinton simply received the largest minority, what is called a plurality of the vote. Trump did win other majorities. For example, he won majorities of states, counties, and electoral college votes. Republicans in general won a majority of the House seats, which in a parliamentary system would have given their choice control anyway. 

Other reports agree that counter protesters (left wing) were deliberately inciting the protesters ("right" wing). E.g. The Times of Israel reported: 

It is conceivable that the Senate could approve a request for ratification from Obama before Trump takes office. However, they do not have enough votes in favor to do that in either the current or the 2017 Senate. Once Trump takes office, he can withdraw any ratification request that Obama may have sent. And then Trump is free not to participate in the agreement. 

The part about adjudicating "on an individual, case by case basis" suggests that they can deny renewals prior to March 6th, 2018. 

Because he is exceptionally popular with whites in those states. All three voted for Romney in 2012 even though he had one of the lower Republican shares of the black vote (about 6%). 

The "he" in that section refers to Donald Trump. It later quotes him as saying (on C-SPAN, June 23, 2015): 

While that says "rule of the majority", it also says "especially". So democracy includes things other than rule of the majority. In particular, the very fact of having representatives of any type means that the US is not a direct democracy. It is instead a democratic republic. 

The Marijuana Policy Project says: 

Mississippi and Louisiana are first and second in the black percentage of the population. Alabama is sixth. It's interesting to look at the three between: Georgia, Maryland, and South Carolina. South Carolina remains overwhelmingly Republican (again, whites there like him more often than do whites in more liberal states). But Georgia has become a marginal state. And Maryland was and is overwhelmingly Democrat. 

That was purportedly posted from the police station where she was waiting to make her report. I have yet to hear anyone in the government denounce that bit of violence. 

What happens on March 6th, 2018 is that no renewals starting later than that can be accepted without some sort of intervening action by Congress. It's not when they start ending DACA. It's when they've finished everything but waiting for existing authorizations to expire. 

Yes In order to be binding in the United States (US), a treaty must be ratified by two thirds of the Senate (67 Senators). UN COP21 was not. It was just signed by Barack Obama. 

Beyond that, it's worth noting that Trump won a higher percentage of the vote (45.9%) than Bill Clinton did in 1992 (43.01%), Woodrow Wilson in 1912 (41.8%), and Abraham Lincoln in 1860 (39.8%). Yet the assumption of the question is that the US was a democracy prior to 2016. If not, then the US wasn't a democracy as early as 1824, when Andrew Jackson won a plurality of the popular vote (41.4%) but John Quincy Adams (30.9%) won the presidency. 

It's also worth noting that the biggest current effect has been that people have been more reluctant to renew their DACA status under Donald Trump. So some people's work authorizations will expire sooner than that. 

It's worth noting that while all Nazis are white nationalists, not all white nationalists are Nazis. So when you see people refer to the protesters as Nazis, they are using a derogatory slur. 

Trump also does better with richer voters but better in poorer states. It's problematic to use statistics on a large group to predict the behavior of a smaller group chosen by a non-random criterion. The smaller group often has distinctions from the larger group. In these cases, whites in the Southern states are more conservative than in other states, particularly the Northeast and West coast.