Hitler approved of British rule in India and said so in Mein Kampf "I would rather see India under British domination than under that of any other nation". And he scoffed at the idea of an Indian uprising. Before the war he suggested to Lord Halifax that the British have Bose shot. 

I think the Carpathian Ruthenia area (the little triangle on the "end" of Czechoslovakia after the end of WW1) gives us five bona fide separate national entities and more if pseudo-states (such as your Fiume) and other periods of loose or brief control are allowed. 

The Jewish Telegraph archive has a report of the battle here: http://www.jta.org/1932/12/05/archive/professor-einstein-reiterates-pacifist-views-in-challenge-to-womens-patriot-corporation 

I wonder whether what you're recalling was the battle waged against Einstein by the Woman Patriot Corporation. 

Einstein's archive is not available online but a search of the archive for "Woman Patriot Corporation" lists a number of documents which attest to the nature of the battle: http://alberteinstein.info/vufind1/Author/Home?author=Woman%20Patriot%20Corporation 

Trott headed up the India Department within Germany's wartime Foreign Ministry and looked after Bose's 18-month stay in Germany during the war. 

The biography of Adam von Trott A Good German by Giles MacDonogh has a chapter on Bose and his involvement with nazi Germany in the 1930s and 1940s. 

For details of the history of this strange organisation and their opposition to women's suffrage see Votes for Women: The Struggle for Suffrage Revisited edited by Jean H. Baker (p.125) and also this Britannica link. 

Bose had visited Germany in 1933 but Hitler refused to see him. Those senior nazis who would see him and wanted to cooperate (an arms shipment to Indian revolutionaries was promised) tended to be on the left wing of the party which was of course wiped out a year later in the Night of the Long Knives. 

Their rather hysterical list of complaints against Einstein however do not seem to have included his treatment of his wife. 

But Bose never hit it off with senior nazis. His meetings with Ribbentrop were frosty. His one meeting with Hitler (May 1942) was "anything but cordial". Bose believed the meeting had been a failure and left for Japan towards the end of 1942. 

There weren't "countless" border crossings between East and West. The checkpoints Alpha, Bravo and Charlie were the designated checkpoints for use by allied forces personnel (there were others which only West Berlin citizens could use). 

In 1932 the organisation filed a memorandum complaining about Einstein's return to the United States. They claimed, according to Einstein on Politics: His Private Thoughts And Public Stands on Nationalism, Zionism, War, Peace, and the Bomb edited by David E. Rowe, Robert J. Schulmann: 

Bose returned to Germany in April 1941. He pressed the Germans to sponsor an Indian government-in-exile and to help him recruit an Indian Army from prisoners taken in North Africa, but initially got only evasive answers. However Trott was allowed to make "generous amounts of money" available to Bose and his cronies. Bose set himself up in a palatial villa near Berlin. He was also allowed to set up a "Free India Centre" in the German capital. Towards the end of 1941 the Germans at last began to build up the "Indian Legion" that Bose had asked for 6 months earlier. The legion numbered a few thousand men but was dismissed by one of Trott's colleagues as "a piece of comic opera which no one took seriously".