How Do We Know What Exists? The question of what we should believe exists is usually taken as a matter of determining the ontological commitments of our best theory of reality. There are a variety of criteria that we might use to compare and choose between theories, but simplicity and explanatory power are two frequently cited ones: 

Simplicity: usually this is taken to be a matter of the fewest unexplained posits. For instance, a theory that posits only physical entities is simpler than one that posits physical and mental entities. Then some formulation of Ockham's razor would be appealed to in order to favor the simplest theory, all other things being equal. TL;DR Your argument contains a false assumption: abstract worlds could not possibly be concrete, they just represent possibilities involving concrete individuals. The concept of an agent's degree of confidence, a graded belief. For example, “I am not sure that it will rain in Canberra this week, but it probably will.” 

Step two of the cited argument from Sider is a step that relies upon a certain link between conceivability and possibility. It could have been split into two steps and phrased thusly: "2a) Gunky objects are conceivable 2b) (therefore) Gunky objects are possible". Possible worlds seems to play a merely heuristic role here. 

See this article, especially section 5.4 for more discussion of this. Here is my understanding of how these terms are used in contemporary (analytic) philosophy. I will include references where they come to mind: If you're a concretist, like David Lewis, you can claim that a possible world represents a certain possibility by simply being that possibility. So, to represent itself as being concrete the world just needs to be concrete. Similarly, if a world is to represent the possibility of a talking donkey, it will do so by containing a talking donkey as a part. 

The further claim Lewis makes (see the above quote from Counterfactuals) is that it is qualitative parsimony which is the relevant sort of ontological simplicity. 

There are three main options (quoting from the SEP article): The core idea is that, all other things being equal, the simplest theory is best. That begs for an explanation of the relevant sort of simplicity. What About Necessary Beings? The Judeo-Christian god, like mathematical entities, are typically taken to exist necessarily if they exist at all. What that means is that, assuming they exist, it is metaphysically impossible that they would fail to exist. Their non-existence might be epistemically possible, in that it is compatible with what we know, but these epistemic possibilities would not be genuine metaphysical possibilities. Rather, they would be impossibilities that merely seem possible due to our ignorance. So I'd evaluate the proposition that God exists according to the same standards I'd use to evaluate other theoretical posits, based on considerations like explanatory value. Based on the extraordinary powers typically ascribed to the Christian god, it seems that there are simpler explanations with equal explanatory value for the various phenomena I take to require explanation. So, I'd likely refrain from such a posit based on my evidence. To the extent that these more conservative explanations require less of reality, it seems that they would be more likely to be true. Of course, all of this is highly contingent on what you take to require explanation and what counts as a good explanation. Toss in some miraculous phenomena or require highly unified explanation and positing god's existence is a lot more attractive. 

Classically, there is no difference. Identity is a two place predicate which has the value true if its arguments are numerically identical and false otherwise. One can write such a predicate as Identical(x,y) or one can write it as x=y. The latter is just 'syntactic sugar' that makes sentences easier to read, but it expresses the same thing. This is the way identity is employed in logic, in particular in predicate logic, and by extension in mathematics. 

Frege, Quine, Geach and Dummett are all worth studying on this subject. The SEP article on identity is a helpful introduction. 

There are plenty of contexts (intensional contexts) in which identity relations appear to violate the indiscernibility of identicals. For example, "Mary knows that George Orwell wrote 1984" might be true, while "Mary knows that Eric Blair wrote 1984" might be false (even though George Orwell = Eric Blair). In general what this means is that while a given identity relation might correspond to a purely extensional equivalence in a particular logic, there might be a more expressive logic in which that identity relation is not extensional. 

To say 1=1 does not express identity because there is a spatial difference between the left and right is confusing the thing with the symbol that denotes it. The number one is identical with itself. Of course a serious issue arises over how symbols denote things, and there is much debate over this. Frege held that names are a kind of abbreviated definite description, but this is only one of many accounts of the meaning of names.