and this applies in cases such: a) daughter and father, (note that the father only gets the half as there are no other heir as his real share is only one sixth) b) daughter and son of the son (same situation the son of the son is only allowed to have the rest of the share, as there are no other heir his share would be half of the heritage) c) daughter and a single brother (same as above the brother takes the rest) In this link I found a hint of an answer with another indication of what I've heard their it is said that: What does the Quran and the Sunna say about the matter? Usually you should know that scholars will in first place listen to the husband and ask him about the issue, as it's the husband who gives talaq. But that doesn't mean that he isn't lying or maybe he just forgot it. "according to ibn Taymiya! while Imam a-Shafi'i said that he didn't know of any scholar pretending that a talaq (that occurred) without witnesses is haram!" But generally a mahram is either by alliance (marriage: mother, step-mother, grand-fathers-wife, wife's-mother or grandmother, daughter of a wife, son's or grandson's wife), lineage (ancestors like father mother grandfather grandmother, descent daughters, sons, grandchildren) and by breast-feeding. In 5:4-5 you can read what is allowed for us and more exactly in 5:5 you'll find: So basically a woman can inherit: If stunning happens before the slaughtering then there are three cases: Of course if one doesn't trust all of this we can eat and buy fish or become a vegetarian ;) Sources (Arabic only) islamqa#135065 and this article on the shares of women. and this is apparently the first Verse on this Issue as quoted in a hadith: [Sahih al-Bukhari & Muslim, Sunan abi Dawod] So we are told that it would be revealed in the Quran what kind of flesh is lawful for us! In 5:3 you can read the kind of flesh which is prohibited: Yes a man can marry the sister of his step mother, but could never marry his step mother as she is a mahram because of (4:22) which make all wife's of the father haram to his sons, This is lately often used by modern Muslims or feminist Muslims to call for an (share) equality between both genders! less than (more exactly the half of) a male: for example if there are sisters and brothers, a sister gets only a half of what her brother would inherit, a mother would also inherit only one half of what the father may inherit in absence of spouses and children (of their dead child). This applies in general in 4 cases: a) daughter and son, b) daughter of the son and son of the son, c) brother and sister (same parents), d) brother and sister (paternal). the same of a male: like father and mother if there are children (each of them will inherit one sixth) while the son would inherit the rest, also the brother or sister of the mother would get equal parts based on: the husband with his lonely daughter also would inherit much less as his share is only a quarter, while she would inherit the half and maybe the last quarter would be added to her share too. Some other cases: a) daughter (1/2), father (1/6 + rest) and mother (1/6) b) daughter (1/2) and =>2 brothers (share of the rest) c) 2 daughters (2/3, 1/3 each) and uncles (share of the rest) So The Sunnah is an explanation/tafseer for the Quran, if you want to find a ruling you go to the Quran, but then you go to the Sunnah, and just like one cannot stop at the Quran, one cannot stop at the sunnah, and hence must go to how the Sahabah understood and implemented it. So the main point here in my answer is that the Quran and the Sunnah are two connected inseparable sources in Islam, in which rulings can be deduced (mind you, there are more than two, but I will just mention the Quran and the Sunnah here). I pray my answer is clear, and I apologize for it's lengthiness. so you can give charity at any time, not just on weekends. And actually zakat is different from sadaqah, zakat is obligatory Sadaqah is voluntary, and actually sadaqah is translated as voluntary charity. Zakat has seperate rules telling how much should be given, when and to whom it should be given and so on. The Prophet said, "The effect of an evil eye is a fact." And he prohibited tattooing. For more information, see this(Arabic). Is it true that if you get wealthy you have to feed the poor in your city one a week on the weekends? I have never come across an Ayah or Hadith that states it has to be on weekends but there are Ayahs and Hadiths that state it is a Must to give to the poor, this is ether zakat or sadaqah.