Like you, there were many people who got interested in Qur'an after incidents like these and they sincerely read Qur'an and found the reality of Islam and became muslims. They found that the Qur'an is completely against what the terrorists claim. The Prophet said "The Qur'an will either be a proof for you or against you". The Qur'an is a proof against the terrorists. We hope, you also, sincerely read Qur'an and discover the truth about Islam. 

The Hadeeth establishes the fact that the memorizers of the qur’aan at the time of the messenger (Sallallahu alaihi wa salam) were many. 

It is better to place Qur'an in a place higher than ground. However, there is no harm in placing it in a ritually pure ground as well if it is out of necessity and not out of contempt. 

Collection and compilation (During the Era of Abu Bakr As Sideeq – Radhiyallahu ‘Anhu) 

Memorisation and preservation (During the Era of the Messenger (Sallallahu ‘alaihi was salam) 

And in another verse asks us to not follow those who call to their desires. 

Now, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia adopts Islamic Shariah as the law of the land. How can you expect something that encourages disbelief to be constructed in their land? It is the Islamic duty to forbid disbelief. Hence, the public worship of anything other than Allah is forbidden. What you do in private, however, cannot be monitored. The least that can be done is prevent construction of churches, temples and so forth. Because they promote disbelief and apostasy is a crime punishable by death under Islamic Shariah which is carried out by the legal authorities in the country. 

The people of knowledge mention that there were three main stages in the collection of the Qur’aan: 

Islam is a message to all the mankind and for all the time. Islam is based on Qur'an and the tradition of the Messenger and slave of Allah, Muhammad ibn Abdullah (Peace and blessing upon him) to whom Qur'an was revealed. The revelation is complete and the religion of Islam is complete with the death of the Messenger. Islam is free from imperfections and it was revealed to the humanity to follow. However, human beings are not perfect. They make mistakes. All the muslims strive to follow the perfect teachings of Islam. 

During this battle known as ‘the wars of apostasy’ against Musailima the great liar and false prophet, a great number of memorizers of the Qur’aan were killed (more than 400 in number) thus Abu Bakr in order to protect the qur’aan had it officially collected since at that time it was either preserved writing present in various places or it was preserved in totality in the chests of the believers. An explanation of this incident occurs in the following hadeeth in Saheeh Bukhaari. Zaid Ibn Thaabit (who was commissioned by Abu Bakr to undertake the task of collecting the Qur’aan, narrates the conversation he had with Abu Bakr in the presence of Umar, who had suggested to Abu Bakr that the Qur’aan should be collected, the incident occurs in the following hadeeth: 

Source: Concise Principles In Tafseer and The Science Of The Qur'aan Part 5 by Abu Hakeem Bilaal Davis 

This ordering of the collection and compilation of the Qur’aan carried out by Abu Bakr is mentioned as being from the greatest of his virtues. 

The hadith which is used for the opinion that it is not obligatory is the following: 

Interpretation of the meaning: 

Unfortunately, terrorism happens. It happens in all societies because sometimes muslims are ignorant about what their religion tells them. This world has various elements of ignorance, injustice and oppression. Terrorism takes the form of individuals, groups and even sometimes, states. Terrorists do not take their motivations or inspirations from Islam but from elsewhere. They call towards their desires. Islam is not at fault. The terrorists usually have a political motivation and they misquote Qur'an to gather fame and crowd. Suicide bombings, hijackings or kidnappings are not a part of Islam. Islamic scholars have given verdicts against such acts of terrorism and they have voiced their opinion against the perpetrators of this crime. These are acts of corruption and Allah says in Qur'an that he does not like those who spread corruption in land: 

Islam came into being to remove Shirk (associating partners with Allah), idolatry and polytheism. Make no mistake, the ultimate crime according to Islam is Shirk. 

1- The Era of the Messenger (Sallahu alayhi wassalam) 

On occasions Allah revealed whole surahs at once, at others times parts of surahs and at other times parts of Ayahs. 

So what does the perfect teachings of Islam say? The muslims follow the Qur'an and the Qur'an says (emphasis mine): 

Allah says in Surah Al-Maidah: 

If that is what Prophet salallahu alayhi wassalam did for Torah because it has Allah's words, then think about Qur'an which is superior to Torah. 

Source: Bidayat al-Mujtahid wa Nihayat al-Muqtasid (The Distinguished Jurist's Primer - Vol1) by Ibn Rushd