That's the one recent paper I know of. To search for other papers on any topic you might search the PhilPapers database. 

Emotivists like Stevenson and Gibbard and Quasi-Realists like Blackburn are somewhat more sophisticated than this, but those are the basic positions. 

I haven't done a more detailed search for you, but here's a suggestive starting point: At this point (February 2014), among the top 20 citations for his top 20 most-cited works, I don't find any philosophy publications listed as citing those works of his. However, you would need to dig deeper to get a fuller answer. 

The other main kind of argument I know of starts from the idea that species mixing is unnatural. There are two problems with most variations on this argument: 

I think Philippa Foot's "Morality as a System of Hypothetical Imperatives" offers a nice revised understanding of how one might orient Ethics around the Categorical Imperatives Kant describes. But it rejects core ideas of Kant's about categorical imperatives, like that they all have the same meaning and that they have the force of necessity Kant seemingly thought they have (Kant's thinking about this being a matter of some debate). 

Principles are rules. In ethics, they are rules about right and wrong action, like “If a person is innocent, it is wrong to punish him/her (or, you should not punish him/her).” 

There is a huge literature by contemporary Kantians, nearly all of whom reject specific parts of Kant's program. 

Virtues are properties of people or other beings who act rightly in a habitual way. A habit of acting rightly is a virtue. A person who acts rightly may or may not be following a moral rule or principle. In fact, it may be possible to have a virtue without believing in any moral principles, or if no principles exist. 

You can find a first kind answer by checking whether his work is well-cited in the professional philosophy literature. That is, do philosophers find his work worth engaging in their own work? Has his work been treated as part of the professional conversation among philosophers? 

Modern 'accelerationism' offers an explanation: It is unlikely that anyone in the Victorian period could have foreseen how little use there may ultimately be for the lower social classes, as we undermine the value of their products, compress their social institutions, and mechanize their working knowledge. Despite democracy, we are now more of a society where everyone lives in fear of simply being rendered useless and therefore powerless, than one in which democratic social institutions defend the majority from the powerful. So the power of the weak may simply not be as great as he imagined. 

The logical reaction is to increase the consequences of lying, but enforcing those consequences would require knowing who is lying, which involves getting information that is already being withheld effectively. So there is no actual point of application that will make it a better risk for everyone to tell the truth. 

To see how adding fear does not help, look at torture. We know from studies of torture that additional fear or pain motivates one to give information, but it primarily motivates lying. If someone will give you truthful information under duress, they would generally have given it to you without the use of violence. 

The fact that these obligations are implicit does have significance for this: If you had given your word to adopt/adhere to the strictures, then you have at least the modicum of moral responsibility to uphold your word. However, since this question posits that these commitments have not been made, it is more clear that the external obligations are not really moral ones. 

Just to be clear, I consider the "presumed allegiance" referred to in this question to be a legal obligation, which may (or may not) lead to morally just actions. 

Suppose I set up a suitably elaborated theory of ethics, and I find that gratuitous murder is perfectly acceptable. This seems like a good reason to reject that theory of ethics, i.e. it seems that matching at least some basic moral intutions is a requirement of any ethical theory. 

given that U.S. recruiting officers have made this oath themselves (since they're members of the military), the recruiting officers have an ethical obligation to perform their duties as ordered; this obligation is both personal and civic in nature. Similar oaths are used for declaring citizenship and various official government positions in the United States (might be relevant for sub-question 2); I assume that similar binding oaths are used in similar circumstances in other nations as well. 

Lying is generally considered unethical. Falsely entering into a contract is a form of lying. The Terms of Service for the Stack Exchange sites indicate that accepting the terms indicates that the subscriber is "an individual". The rest of the contract makes clear that the intention is that the subscriber is a (human) person. A bot would be unable to live up to this aspect of the terms of service. 

So the party with whom you have contracted actually does not expect compliance, which makes life a bit simpler. You have wronged no one, if you refuse to comply with the law because it would constitute breaking some sort of implied obligation of conscience. You either have or have not communicated that bond of duty to the other party, and the call is based upon your intentions, and not their understanding. 

Those kinds of people, subject to such broad controlling passions do have to fit into whatever solution you want to give. This inability to really read another person's mind and do the math on their emotional comparisons is one of the reasons people have often tried to devise ethical systems that are not directly tied to predicting consequences -- every individual perceives consequences through the lens of their emotional constitution. So comparisons between them are never objective. 

Species naturally advance their own genes. By the standards of many biological theories, that is what makes a species a species. And one of the most logical ways to advance them is to preserve them. So any non-domesticated animal would choose to save the members of its own species before those of another.