The law (for continuation of the game) however, states only the on-field players. There is no limit to the number of red cards that can be shown to the substitutes on the bench, the manager and the coaching staff. Also, red cards can be handed to the on-field players/substitutes/coaching staff after the game has ended based on the referee reports and video analysis (wherever applicable). How many runs will the batting side be awarded in this scenario? Another source: Appendix 7.6 of ICC's T20I Playing Conditions. Total overs -> This is the total overs played (batting) and delivered (bowling) by a team. This one has a catch though. Is the game a tie? -> The non striker has completed two runs whereas the striker has just gone back to the strikers end. The strikers effort is considered as a one-run-short and the two runs that non-striker has run is reduced to a single. This scenario, ties the scores and the match ends in a tie. Absent-Hurt: This is a scenario where a batsman is not able to come to the pitch to bat even without facing a ball, due to prior illness or injury. In this case, no runs will be added to his career stats and therefore, will not affect this average as neither will the (Innings - not outs) change. So, his batting average prior to the game is the same as that at the end of it. If you are aware of the ICC rules or the possible outcome of the game, please explain with reasons. Thanks! (c) If after retiring a batsman resumes his innings, it shall be only at the fall of a wicket or the retirement of another batsman. The main reason for other sports to have cards and stricter discipline is that they are contact sports. There is hardly any physical contact with other players in cricket, which reduces the chances of violent behavior. Finally, from the official USA Volleyball site, the 2009-11 US domestic indoor rules state: So for all major indoor court competitions, rule 9.2.1 permits hits by any part of the body. According to one LiveStrong.com page discussing legal and illegal volleyball hits: 9.2.1 The ball may touch any part of the body. For beach volleyball, FIVB has a similar rule in the 2009-12 rules: The decisions of the referee regarding facts connected with play, including whether or not a goal is scored and the result of the match, are ﬁnal. The referee may only change a decision on realising that it is incorrect or, at his discretion, on the advice of an assistant referee or the fourth ofﬁcial, provided that he has not restarted play or terminated the match. Contacting the ball with any part of the body below the waist used to be illegal. When the ball hits any part of your body, including the leg or the foot, it constitutes a legal hit. Another USA Volleyball rule update for the 2010 season slightly changed the rule regarding physical support for a teammate. Previously you couldn't get a teammate's help to reach a ball. Now you can't get a teammate's help to hit the ball, although it is still legal for a teammate to stop you or hold you back from touching the net or crossing the center line. If play has not restarted, the referee can change the ruling. However, if play has restarted, no change can be made. According to another site, volleyball rules state: FIFA's Law 5 from the Laws of the Game 2011-12 notes: EDIT: Changed answer to quote FIFA's Laws of the Game regarding referee decisions. So by the currently available rules, players can legally hit the ball with any part of the body. Similarly, the 2011-12 FIVB international rules state: IMHO this rule enforce the game to be played in a smaller part of the pitch, and allow defenders to try to attack without leaving an empty space for an attacker. (although there are situations where the attackers go alone, and counter attacks are common, but that only resides in the ability of the defending team in clear the ball fast). According to this, the rule was always there, but was changed in time. At first, it looked a lot like rugby, because the lawn enforced all players to not be ahead of the ball. Then it change to a 3 players rule (you need 3 players in front of you to not be offside). More over here (but we are talking about a game that has 200 years or more old), the rule was enforced using 2 players. Then the line was move form behind the second player to the same line. The last thing I heard was that a board will propose change to the rule, but as far as I know, there are not any word of it. (and please correct me if i'm wrong). The record for the most red-cards handed out in a single match is during a fifth tier Argentinian league game between Claypole and Victoriano Arenas, where 36 red cards were shown. Batting averages are calculated on the basis of (runs scored / (innings - no. of not-outs)). Bowling averages are calculated on the basis of (runs scored off bowling / wickets taken). Here the runs and wickets are what the players score or take in the match prior to the commencement of the super over. The law (for continuation of the game) however, states only the on-field players. There is no limit to the number of red cards that can be shown to the substitutes on the bench, the manager and the coaching staff. Also, red cards can be handed to the on-field players/substitutes/coaching staff after the game has ended based on the referee reports and video analysis (wherever applicable). Now, consider a scenario where two fielders are chasing a ball that is running away to the boundary. The first fielder slides, stops the ball and passes it to the second fielder who throws it back to the wicket keeper. The batting side is only awarded the number of runs that they run between the wickets.