An axiomatic system is a good description of an intended domain if all the consequences we can derive from it seem to be true of the objects of that domain that we are intuiting and of course intuition plays a role here. In the case of lines, the axioms are good because all consequences (theorems...) are true of our representations of lines in euclidean space. Another option is to view it as a realist theory with regards to classical states and an instrumentalism with regards to quantum theory ( which indeed has kantian flavours). The idea is this: quantum theory is a tool for predicting classically described outcomes, given classicaly described initial state, but it is not in any sense a description of reality. Bohr emphasised the fact that you need a "classical" vocabulary to interpret a wave-function and the observables. It has been claimed that it assumes an arbitrary microscopic-macroscopic dichotomy (and a collpase) but this is probably a realist misreading of Bohr's view. For primitive terms, there are implicit definitions, which are actually a set of axioms where the terms are used. It's a kind of definition through usage. Take for example Newtonian physics: "mass" and "force" are never defined, they are primitive terms. However the axioms of Newtonian physics relate masses and forces in such a way that we can grasp what they are, even if they were not strictly defined. 

Also note that the concepts of emergence and reductionism are sometimes used loosely by scientists. Sometimes emergence refers to a higher level property which is actually reducible to the arrangement of lower level ones, and sometimes reductionism is implicitely used to refer to separability. 

It would have been inappropriate to raise the objection against someone who, a few centuries ago, would have said "I believe physical space is fundamentally euclidean but I will revise my belief if an alternative works better". Although it seemed obvious to many (and even, for authors like Kant, a priori true) that physical space was euclidean, it turned out that it is better conceived of as non euclidean. Such a person could have been sincere: no doubt she could have adopted relativity, as many did, in front of crucial experiences. The fact that she strongly believed that space is euclidean, and acted accordingly, does not alter her sincerity when she said she would revise this belief if necessary. 

There's a huge literature on explanations in philosophy of science. Some think that explaining is giving a causal mechanism for a phenomena. Others that it appeals to a theoretical framework that unifies the phenomena to be explained with other phenomena in a common scheme. In any case, reductionism seems to be part of the way causal mechanisms are generally presented, or a characteristic of unifying theoretical frameworks, but not specific to explanations. I would say that what gives you this impression is that most theories function this way: they unify various phenomena by analysing their constituents, or they allow one to describe mechanisms where part constituents interact. But that's a characteristic of contemporary science that is not specific to explanations in general. 

Following holism, the whole system should be considered, not only its parts and their interactions. A typical example is entanglement in quantum mechanics. That does not mean that new irreducible higher level concepts have to be used to address the whole system. This leaves open the question of the origin of the intuitions (what are those lines we are trying to define?). In the case of geometry our intuitions certainly come from physical space. In order to know that the theorems of geometry are true of physical space we need what Poincare called coordination postulates: for example the assumption that light travels in straight lines in vacuum. They map primitive terms of an axiomatic system to our observations (Poincare saw them as kinds of conventions). Coordination postulates can be thought of as part of the implicit definition of physical lines but it's important to remember that an axiomatic mathematical system is independent of the way it is mapped to our observations and in a sense, being a line in a mathematical sense is nothing more than obeying the corresponding axioms of geometry.