The super over is treated like penalty shootouts in football. The goals scored during the shootout is not added to the players career goal tally. Similarly, the efforts of cricketers in the super over is not added to their career stats. 

Another source: Appendix 7.6 of ICC's T20I Playing Conditions. 

The first time a tie-breaker at the end of the super over was applied was when Australia defeated England in the Women’s World Twenty20 game by the virtue of having hit more sixes than England during the game. 

How many runs will the batting side be awarded in this scenario? 

The record for the most red-cards handed out in a single match is during a fifth tier Argentinian league game between Claypole and Victoriano Arenas, where 36 red cards were shown. 

Now, consider a scenario where two fielders are chasing a ball that is running away to the boundary. The first fielder slides, stops the ball and passes it to the second fielder who throws it back to the wicket keeper. The batting side is only awarded the number of runs that they run between the wickets. 

More details, including the excerpt below, can be found here and here. 

If you are aware of the ICC rules or the possible outcome of the game, please explain with reasons. Thanks! 

The main reason for other sports to have cards and stricter discipline is that they are contact sports. There is hardly any physical contact with other players in cricket, which reduces the chances of violent behavior. 

The law (for continuation of the game) however, states only the on-field players. There is no limit to the number of red cards that can be shown to the substitutes on the bench, the manager and the coaching staff. Also, red cards can be handed to the on-field players/substitutes/coaching staff after the game has ended based on the referee reports and video analysis (wherever applicable). 

After the first few rounds this method guarantees matches between teams of similar level and you can a number of mathces as you need at the same time. 

It seems that FINA (International Swimming Federation) has no age limits for races. Are there any other international sport where a "baby" can take part at the event? 

The problem is that is necessary to view the last players (forward and defender) and the ball at the same time. 

The pilots award only one placement (so no double victory on the same track). 

In Auckland 2016 draw you can see that the "last" tennis player direct acceptance (no qualification needed) in Mariana Duque-Marino (ranking 78th), there are 4 slot for qualification players and 2 Wild Cards. 

In downhill they test the track with time trials twice before every race (in the image you can see the FIS calendar for december 2015 where all the time training downhill are signed with blue arrows) 

When two ports are very close succession of uses "double" term to describe this figure as if it is three doors in close succession using the term "triple" (this is a translation from Italian language). 

Because the Laws of the Game define offside as (Law 11, p. 33): 

The second one is slightly closer, but still, no go: 

Update: The below answer was valid at the time it was posted, however, the rules changed dramatically, and now any contact with the net by a player between the antennae, during the action of playing the ball, is a fault. (With explicit inclusion of the take-off and landing in the action of playing the ball.) Therefore, per the current rules, both sample situations are now faults. 

So, “To destabilize the reception and prevent a series of 4 second side out points, and thus make the game less predictable, reception of service overhand with fingers will be judged more strictly.” If the service will be received using overhand finger action, the hit must be clean – no double contact and no catch. This change affects only the service reception (further defensive actions during the rally will be unaffected and subject to the “first team hit” exception) and only the overhand reception. The exact wording of the newly created rule 9.2.4 will be as follows: 

(Rule 102 – Penalties on the Scoreclock) 

Note the rule does not forbid overhand reception of a service per se, it just requires it to be completely clean. But, presumably, unless the hit is very clean, it is going to get whistled automatically. This change also brings indoor volleyball rules a bit closer to beach volleyball, where overhand service reception is also not explicitly prohibited, but everybody receives using forearm bump, as an overhand reception would be whistled ±automatically as a double contact.