A borrowing or loanword is when a word from language A is added to the lexicon of language B, with whatever phonological adaptations are necessary. Obviously in the history of a word both things can happen: But what I'm wondering with this question is whether the concept of version is also used in any other languages. Kartvelian isn't known to be related to any other language families, but it is in a Sprachbund with other Caucasian languages and often terms in linguistics and grammar are borrowed by people describing other languages, especially ones in a neighbouring area or studied by the same people. From the Wikipedia article Georgian verb paradigm: Idioms were a special class of set phrases whose overall meaning is not transparently based on the sum of its parts, such as red herring and to kick the bucket. (Wikipedia doesn't have a separate grammar article for Albanian and doesn't have an article on adjectival articles) Before the beta I would've thought questions like this one would be such basic concepts that most contributors would be familiar with them. But after a few questions on gender and animacy it seems that some people do confuse the two even here. The neutral phrase for this phenomenon is language contact which is one of the ways in which language change can occur. Farmer = person Farmable = adjective and so on... Riflessività (not sure how to translate this): This is the ability of a language to talk about itself. We use the language to refer to the language itself, making it a metalanguage. A language is a complex system of communication, spoken or written, verbal or non-verbal. It should be mentioned that many loanwords stay side by side with the local terms, such as is the case with those that are used in defined contexts: The English term corner is used in soccer matches only, as far as Italian is concerned, while the corresponding word angolo is used for all instances (including soccer too at will). Recursion: This is a phenomenon where a linguistic rule can be applied to the result of the application of the same rule. Linearity: Signs can be uttered only one after the other, there cannot be simultaneous signs. You can think a lot of things at the same time, but your physical tract will only let you utter one sign at a time. There's even cliccare, a verb formed by attaching the verb ending -are to the root clic, from English to click. Arbitrariness: A language is made of many symbols that are placed together to form utterances, using the grammar rules for that given language. But symbols are arbitrary: there is no natural link between a signifier and signified. If you say cat, there is nothing in this word that would naturally link it to the meaning of "cat" or to the actual animal. In Linguistics, I've always seen the term stressed be used in this context. Its opposite would be unstressed. So we speak of stressed/unstressed syllables, stressed/unstressed vowel sounds and so on. At this point we would have the real-world entity, an actual cat, which is called referent. English has acquired many terms from Italian as well: opera, stanza, pianissimo, a cappella, falsetto, but I could really go on. It's also not a coincidence that these terms are all related music and theatre. Italian has been the Lingua Franca in Europe in the past, such as during the Renaissance, and many terms are still used in present day. Before the beta I would've thought questions like this one would be such basic concepts that most contributors would be familiar with them. But after a few questions on gender and animacy it seems that some people do confuse the two even here. (Wikipedia doesn't have a separate grammar article for Albanian and doesn't have an article on adjectival articles) Is there a term in linguistics for such pairs? From the Wikipedia article Georgian verb paradigm: Being in Albania I decided to sit down with a word frequency list of the language and look each up so I would know some of the common words I see around me. Semivowels can function as either vowels or consonants, depending on their context (what comes before and after them). Idioms were a special class of set phrases whose overall meaning is not transparently based on the sum of its parts, such as red herring and to kick the bucket. But what I'm wondering with this question is whether the concept of version is also used in any other languages. Kartvelian isn't known to be related to any other language families, but it is in a Sprachbund with other Caucasian languages and often terms in linguistics and grammar are borrowed by people describing other languages, especially ones in a neighbouring area or studied by the same people. Note by the way that there are dozens of 'types' of modality, not just three. These three come to the fore in discussing English modal verbs because they have been found (somewhat) useful for categorizing the distinguishable ranges of meaning and syntactic use each modal exhibits. That’s a joke (what Servius actually says is that every part of speech can be converted into an adverb); but Horne Tooke was one of the first to recognize explicitly that the term adverb doesn’t really tell you much about how a word so designated actually functions syntactically. The term dynamic derives from a Greek verb whose root meaning is 'be able', 'have the power', so this use is in fact etymologically closer to the original sense than more familiar uses. Permissive can is 'deontic' because its domain is that of obligation: it conveys a sense of unbinding or absence of obligation. You can stay as long as you want means that you are not 'bound' or 'obliged' to leave at any particular time. This permissive use designates a different kind of possibility than that conferred by physical ability (John can bench-press three hundred pounds) or logical inference (That can't be true!)