In the Material realm nature dictated that all material exists for a nominal period and then loses it perpetuating forces and degenerates to dust. This process is material death or physical death, and is extended not only to man, but also to both vegetation and animal life. 

Luke 4:2 Being forty days tempted of the devil. And in those days he did eat nothing: and when they were ended, he afterward hungered. 

Natural progression dictates that a supreme being have not only some abode, but that that abode be replete with the splendor worthy of such a being, and servants. Thus the concept of Heaven. The belief that that state be obtainable even in a subservient role naturally leads to the formulation of a process of reclamation for mankind. 

4 And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance. 

We know that Jesus was circumcised because we are told that he was in the book of Luke: 

Mark 1:13 And he was there in the wilderness forty days, tempted of Satan; and was with the wild beasts; and the angels ministered unto him. 

The concept being that in order to have a giant tree you must begin with a small seed. The truth of this concept lies in the fact that in the Material processes nothing spawns nothing. And yet we are surrounded by material things and logical regression tells us that somewhere in the past nothing had to spawn something material. Logically this leads to the fact that at some point in the past from nothingness, something material was spawned. For the sake of simplification we know this process as creation, and the causative factor for this process we call God. 

Christianity even goes to the point of stating that this superiority is dictated by God: 

Is spiritual death some kind of "death in God's eyes" (e.g. that he no longer considers you alive even though you may be), a destruction of the soul (an inner part that would survive death of the physical human body), or some kind of conceptual death? Death in God's eyes calls for an opinion as to what God believes which none of us are capable of answering. However in the Revelation we are told of two deaths one is the first death which appears to coincide with our concept of physical death and the second death which appears to be the eternal or continuous destruction of that spiritual identity known as the soul. 

From that point it is a natural course of deduction that man would acknowledge his inferiority to whatever power or force caused the material realm to exist. Whatever that process may have been it necessitates a non material existence, and that we know as the Spiritual realm. 

Christ as the third part of the Trinity had the authority, with the consent of the Father, to delegate that power to his disciples. 

The Covenant requiring circumcision was with Abraham, and the Jews are the descendants of Israel, but they are only one of the Nations descended from Abraham, others include the descendants of Ishmael, of Esau, and that includes most of the Arabian peninsula nations. 

In the following Scriptures, Jesus speaks of the separation of persons of the Trinity: 

Jesus could give them the power to do those things just as the Father has the ability to endow not only Jesus but anyone with certain power and authority as he desires. 

The physical realm is easy to explain since our senses of sight, touch, smell etc. all respond to it. Physical death is likewise a phenomenon which our senses easily discern. 

Your question assumes that Jesus the man was one singular identity in a human body. This seems to be in error according to what I can determine from the Bible. 

From the atheist view none of these are true and therefore; Atheism can never comprehend the belief of Christianity, so it is necessary that much of Christianity be presented in the abstract. My answer will not be accepted by the Atheist, it must therefore be accepted as a mental concept. Keeping those facts in mind, the following explanation of the Spiritual realm where Christianity believes that the Soul (a spiritual being exists) and the Material realm in which the physical body resides. Again this is a belief system; even though we are sure that the physical body does in fact exist and will eventually become dust through natural processes. 

Revelation 21:8 KJV But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.