Our ally choices are, for attack speed; Nunu (45%), Ezreal (40%), Sivir (30%), Jarvan IV (22%) for attack damage; Janna (50), Taric (35), Sona (20) Exalted with Baron Nashor is replaced by Crest of Crushing Wrath, also worth 40 AP, while Elixer of Brilliance is replaced by Ichor of Illumination, which yields 64 AP, up from 40. This itemization is the best you can do with boots for a generic champion. Start Red pot, health potions. You probably don't need a ward for lane unless they have a Thresh, Blitz, or other long range dangerous CC, in which case you might want one for near bush. Our totals at the moment are: 377% Attack Speed (18% remaining) 132+5%=138.6 Ability Power 385 Bonus Attack Damage 7% Damage Multiplier We also can't forget Elixer of Fortitude, for another 15 attack damage, and Exalted with Baron Nashor, for 40 attack damage and ap 

Edit 2: Electric Boogaloo: Neither Bard's Magical Journey, nor Tahm Kench's Abyssal Journey work. I think that Kench's Devour does work, but I'm having difficulty finding proof. There are a number of champions with ice-based slows, and this list seems more divisive, some threads seem to claim a subset, some claim them all, and some claim none of them. Those I can think of are: The other main use is to rescue allies who get caught. As Janna, you usually have more movespeed than most, and a damage absorbing shield, so can blast the ult and then quickly escape yourself. A less dangerous version of this one often presents itself in-lane as a support, right around when you hit six. A Howling Gale from the bush followed by a Zephyr can get you in a good position to Monsoon an enemy back into your ADC, or burn Flash to escape. 

I'm going to assume that you want to maximize flat damage, before armour is taken into account, I'm also going to assume you're on Summoner's Rift, because most people are. 

Edit: Sorry, I missed the part about 3v3, That section below: 

Liandry's Torment procs off of all activated abilities (Not on-hit effects), whether physical, magical, or True. It will work for abilities like Cho'Gath's Vorpal Spikes, as they trigger a spell activation on attack, rather than an on-hit effect. The same will hold true for Rylai's Crystal Scepter, so this item combination will work very well together. These items make Ezreal, Sivir, and Janna the most effective allies in terms of item replacement value, between them they give 70% Attack Speed (210% remaining) and 50 Attack Damage. Incomplete list of good abilities to defend against: Now, relevant damage items are, a stacked Sword of The Occult, and stacked Bloodthirsters. These give 110 and 100 attack damage respectively, and Bloodthirster can be purchased multiple times. You can't tell the percentages, all Mixed damage means is that damage came in multiple types from one skill. Sometimes it's a combination of Physical and True (Irelia), Magical and True (Ahri), or Physical and Magical (Fizz). 

Mejai's Soulstealer, fully stacked, is worth 180 AP, definitely worth taking if you can keep the stacks up. It drops to 124 on a single death. (13 stacks) There are also situational uses, like disrupting the ults of Warwick, Kat, etc., or blasting a Crowstorming Fiddle out of your team. Nunu picks up Will of the Ancients, which gives us 30 Ability power, Zekes Herald, which gives us 20 damage, and, for good measure, Black Cleaver, which shreds enemy armour for 5% a hit, stacking up to 5 times. (I know I was ignoring armour, but this doesn't hurt anything.) Very few people seem to think that the damage doubles against champions effected by items. Items that seem to slow via frost are Rylai's Crystal Scepter, and Iceborn Gauntlet. 

One of the primary uses is to blow away enemies that jump onto your carries, basically granting your team a fight reset with (ideally) the enemies' initiates being down. 

Lichbane is worth only 87.5 AP, not worth taking in a pure AP build Relevant speed items are, Zephyr (50% AS, 25 AD), Runaan's Hurricane (70% AS), Fully activated/stacked Guinsoo's Rageblade (52% AS, 77 AP, 35 AD) In all honesty, you would ideally build both of these items, as Atma's works very well with Mundo's health-stacking playstyle, but Spirit of the Ancient Golem provides more utility, especially in the early-midgame 

Add in Elixer of Brilliance, and Exalted with Baron Nashor for an extra 80 AP and 10% CDR 

A more offensive use, which requires more skill to pull off, involves jumping into the middle of enemies (usually flash, but a good thresh lantern pull can work really well), and blasting a squishy target back into the middle of your team to be shredded. This is often fatal, so is best suited to removing the threat of a very fed carry.