Urgot - While most or all of the champions that benefit heavily from Infinity Edge it tends to be more of a "nice addition" to Urgot. Early-game, Urgot needs additional mana and cooldown to significantly increase his damage and lane presence. Brutalizer, Sheen and Tear of the Goddess are strong items for Urgot to start with. Once in the mid to late-game Infinity Edge allows Urgot continue being a threat. After Urgot's mana issues are solved and he has some Cooldown Reduction, damage will come from using Acid Hunter as a sort of second (or primary) basic attack. If you are able to auto-attack your targets between uses of Acid Hunter (with the added damage from Infinity Edge), Urgot is capable of doing a lot of damage very quickly. 

R-DPS champions that have attack steroids (bonuses to attack speed, damage, critical strikes, etc.) and tend to rely on their auto-attacks for damage gain a significant DPS boost from having an Infinity Edge. The time at which you purchase the item depends on what stats you need to scale into the mid and late game phases. Item purchases in League of Legends is about spending your gold on what is most efficient. This means the most benefit for your champion given the gold cost. Infinity Edge, while being one of the most expensive items in the game, is also easily the single most damage enhancing item for champions that rely on their auto-attacks. 

By dodgeable (last sentence), they mean that the player can avoid the hits by moving and by cannot be dodge they mean from abilities like Jax E 

Since he gets a 100% crit chance for his AA and Q through the E passive. 

Those active effects increase the gold efficiency of an item, if they are used and the base stats of those items often have a gold efficiency below 100%. So not using the active effect is wasted gold. 

If you mute the sound for pings, you might not hear/see the useful pings another teamate does. 

Queen's Wrath is a self-targeted buff that applies on-hit effects. 

I ALWAYS build the following items (order is situational): X * 6 : normal + double weekend counts as normal and per win boost + per day boost are multiplied afterwards = X * 2 * 3 You will NOT be revealed if you are already stealthed (as said in the tooltip) 

Is % based spell damage like Liandry's Torments passive or Amumus Despair (W) affected by Magic Resistance? Same goes with Botrk and armor. 

I run 0/21/9 masteries and flat AD marks + quints, flat Armor Seals and scaleing MR Glyphs. but sometimes it's just a habit... 

Many items in League Of Legends have active effects which can be cast like normal spells. This is not new. The anouncer says this when all champions of a team are dead. You don't get any bonuses from it, like gold. Since Alistar got buffed in the last patches, I want to master him a little bit more. I watched some Youtube videos where people always do the Headbutt(W) + Autoattack while the target is still flying and they say it is really important to get that combo down, especally on Top and Mid. 

Thresh's Flay (E) has a usefull passive: 

How should you deal with players that spam pings, besides telling them to stop? 

Both builds are definitly not viable for rankeds! Play them at own risk. 

Bloodthirster give you better stats for the gold and the build path is identical. But when you're getting invaded Q might secure a kill because of the stun and higher damage. How do IP boosts,per Win or over days, affect the won IP during that time? 

In DotA (the Warcraft III map) you can't rejoin the game and: 

Reasons against your suggestions: League of Legends Just deal with leavers! It might seem, that YOUR team always has the leavers, but thats not the case! 

Sometimes, there are double IP weekends in League of Legends. 

Is it ok to report them after the game? 

Consume cast on a Golem jungle creep (+10%) 

Sion (with skills involved) unlimited health with Soul Furnace 

Does the charging scale with the attackspeed? (more AS = less chargetime?) 

If you want to counter champions that rely on stealth (Akali, Shaco, ...) I recommend Oracle's Lens. It lasts longer, reveals wards and has a pretty low cooldown.