Here's an interesting comment this answer received: 

I'm not aware of any atheist thinker who does accept Plantinga's account of warrant, however. It seems to have been designed to counter the idea that since we have the mechanism of evolution, we no longer need a theory of epistemology besides the assertion that evolutionary processes must result in better and better minds. 

Does this mean He is nonsensical? Not obviously. He may, of course, choose to be sensible to humanity. 

Am I a skeptic, therefore? By no means! But I do find skepticism to be a useful tool for combating misplaced certainty. 

The difficultly Plantinga addresses, however, is how one would produce a design for a truth-determining mechanism such as a mind. It would seem that if the second and third criteria (a good original plan and modules aimed at truth) were denied, the final criterion (high likelihood of producing truth) would be denied as well. And it seems unlikely that any unguided process would be a good plan for producing a functional mind or that modules would be directed at truth rather than, say, fitness in the evolutionary sense. 

One of the tropes early in the book is racial style, the distinction between Germanness, for instance, and Romanness or Greekness, even occasionally 'Orientalness', in the style of philosophy, law, morality or presentation. I think the choice of parallelism in verbiage here is significant from this point of view. What he is doing is 'that German thing', and maybe 'that Roman thing', but not 'that Greek thing'. Even if they are all thinking of what they are doing as the same sort of thing, they would disagree that they are actually doing anything alike. (At the same time, he works hard to escape from his own notion of 'Northernness', so it is a well-intended racism, and I think the intention is to emphasize relativism between cultures, not biology or tribal affiliation.) 

So Kripke's example is a bit silly. Kripke's claim is that "That there is no fact about your past usage of the addition function that determines you have the right answer." But the rule is stated. You do have evidence that you are meant to use the ordinary rules of addition in this case. You have been told they are correct by authorities in your culture. You know when you are following the rules because you have been inaugurated into the rules with extensive operant conditioning.