Furthermore, reflecting on what I could really mean by a "mechanism" or by "intelligibility", it seems really that we're talking about whether there must be a subject of discourse. Can something emerge from — well, from a state to which I cannot refer, because it cannot be a subject? Or is it the case that by abstraction and indirection that I can always refer to a state of affairs, so that there is always implicitly a 'something'? Or is this just our conceit of the same class as the Ontological Argument: that because we can vaguely imagine something, that it must be a some-thing? 

The first you should ask what you really mean by equality. How serious are you about the idea that "zero" and "infinity" refer to the same concept? How many Bengal tigers are there, for instance, in your immediate vicinity — none, or infinitely many? (If there happen to be one or two, would you expect there to be infinitely many of them if those two went away?) I would suspect that there being zero Bengal tigers nearby to you would appear very differently to you than there being infinitely many. This gets to the heart of what mathematics is actually for: it's for describing features of the world that you see around you — and for being able to express different ways that the world could be, which you could distinguish from one another if you wished to. If it were somehow "really the case" that zero and infinity were equal — that is, if this somehow were a deep meaningful feature of the world — why are we not being constantly assaulted by (or at least crushed to death under the weight of) infinitely many Bengal tigers? 

But each discipline is actually made up of sub-disciplines, and each of those has definite periods of its own, where its relationship to the larger theories of its embracing discipline can be in a posture which is 'prescientific' (Whatever we are doing works, so it must fit with their work, but we don't really care how the two harmonize, because we are happy for now), 'revolutionary' (Their theories challenge our groundwork, and we create a succession of bridges to or walls around our work) or 'normal' (We leave off developing our own internal theories and solve specific gaps between our sub-domain and the larger theory). 

In the strongest version of Kuhn's view, the new material in those alternative replacement paradigms is completely incomparable. There is no strictly logical basis for comparison between the alternatives. Each has a hard core that basically captures what it can from the existing system, and so can be comprehended in its terms. But beyond that, they inject vocabulary and concepts that are outside the system and cannot be clearly stated in its terms. (The primary progress the new paradigm is offering will be accomplished by nailing those down, reducing them from conceptual imagery to well-founded science.) 

The principle of least action was founded on the principle of the law of the lever. For example, Lagrange in his Analytical Mechanics (cf. its introduction), decided to base his entire physics off the principle. Least action and virtual velocities/forces were consequences of it. 

J. Weisheipl proposes a return to St. Thomas and St. Albert for "a unifying physical theory" that would include both the philosophy of nature and the empirical or experimental sciences. For Weisheipl these constitute one specific discipline, both materially and formally. However, he regards the sciences employing mathematical principles as really distinct from natural philosophy. See J. Weisheipl, The Development of Physical Theory in the Middle Ages; "The Relationship of Medieval Natural Philosophy to Modern Science: The Contribution of Thomas Aquinas to Its Understanding," in Science. Medicine and the Universities 1200-1550. Essays in Honor of Pearl Kibre (= Manuscripta 20 [1976]), pp. 181-196; idem, Introduction to The Dignity of Science. Studies in the Philosophy of Science Presented to William Humbert Kane OP (= The Thomist 24 [1961]).