Your premises contain the answer to the question: yes, if there were two of you, there would be two of you. One of you would experience things in one location, and the other one would experience things in the other. If the surroundings (and stochastic noise) were not identical, the two would begin to diverge; if they were, there would be two yous having two identical experiences. That is, each would experience their own consciousness. 

But I will note another situation where this sort of reaction makes more sense. Suppose I go to a formal dinner with the Queen of England while wearing a backwards baseball cap instead of a tie. Ridiculous! Of course, neither the tie nor the baseball cap have any direct functionality, in all likelihood. Rather, the tie is a signal: I understand the social situation and am acting accordingly. The cap is a different one: I'm either totally unaware of or snubbing your silly social rules. This sort of thing can be used for "profiling"--really, just figuring out whether someone is one of you or not. Quite a valuable thing to do for a social primate, you know. Cultural ridicule can help enforce easy identification of group membership. Is that why we do it, in some sense? I don't know, but it's quite suggestive, isn't it? If your ultimate goal is --for example --for all people to live happy, full lives in which they are allowed to pursue fulfillment of their own individual potential, then your opponent's argument collapses. It achieves an immediate narrow objective without regards to the larger picture. It's no good to win the battle and lose the war. 

Consider the following --we don't know how our universe originated, we don't know what its fate is, we don't know with any certainty our own afterlife, if such a thing exists, and we don't know whether or not our own personal lives might end at any given moment due to circumstances beyond our controls. Those are all things that are true even if we assume material reality exists just as it appears to. Given that, the search for meaning is hardly any more difficult if material reality is an illusion. In fact, it might actually be considered easier, due to the fact that some common options --pursuing material wealth, for example --would be revealed as dead ends. 

The main difference between the terms "artistic" and "aesthetic" is that the first is a term from natural language, while the second is intended to be a technical term with an exact philosophical definition. In practice, however, neither term is well-defined. Beardsley's own definition holds that an aesthetic experience is the gratification experienced upon correctly and completely experiencing an aesthetic object. However, this definition is arguably circular, or at the least, dependent on some prior definition of aesthetics. As you noticed, a relation r: X → Y is about "twoness". After all, it is formally defined as a subset of the Cartesian product X × Y = {(x, y): x ∈ X, y ∈ Y}. 

IMHO humans seem to suffer from an intense obsession to construct a world view, which can give us a satisfying cosmology, i.e. which can give a good answer to ‘The One Question’, the question of “arche” (ἀρχή): 

Substance dualism as defined by you (the OP) doesn't guarantee even the one important thing, which would be persistence of the self after death. Why does such an extremely weird universe exist? This is beyond “quantum mechanics” weirdness, it is unacceptable weirdness. 

A lot more complicated structures can be built from that, i.e. an arithmetic operation "⊙" on a set X (which may make it a group if certain requirements are met) could be defined by a function 

And if we look at the natural numbers there is one important axiom, the axiom of mathematical induction: 

No, it obviously doesn't work that way. 1 and 2 do not beget infinity.