Business subsidies for employee educations are especially relevant here, as they also usually come without strings. Employees can leave at any time and get the subsidy benefits without repaying the employer. Yet businesses still operate such subsidies even though they are only responsible to themselves and not society. Overall, the advantages of the subsidies must outweigh their costs by enough to allow for losses. Internationally, it's more difficult. The USA could loan money to other countries, but that would simply put off the decision. The two real possibilities are foreign aid and a trade deficit. Foreign aid is unpopular. So a trade deficit is all that's left. The USA sends dollars out into the world and the rest of the world sends back goods. Perhaps parents could loan the money to the school. Then effectively the children would be paying back the parents. But that's part of how things work now. Parents pay taxes for their children's education and when the children are grown, they pay taxes for their parents' retirement. Also consider what happens if the parents die before the money is repaid. The children are then paying money to the schools which then go back to the children. 

If I send money to my family in another country, they then use that to buy goods. Either they buy the goods from the new country, saving local resources, or they exchange the new country money for the old country money. Either way, they expand the resources available to the old country. That helps regardless of money flowing to the government. The government is just a tool for the good of society, so it should be measuring in how things help society, not itself. Alternatives I get the idea behind this. You want the people who are getting the benefit to pay for the acquisition. To some extent I agree with it. If we allowed schools to make agreements with parents, the schools could have an income tax rate. So I would pay my primary school 2% of my salary and my secondary school 3% and my college 4%. But then how would new schools start? I don't have an official tally (not sure there is one) but you should definitely not add these numbers up. Most people working for the Commission, the Parliament, and the Council are EU civil servants and included in the 55000 figure. Some of them are not and yet the sum of the numbers you found for the Commission, the Parliament and the Council is less than 55000 but that's to be expected as some EU civil servants work for smaller institutions (the Court, the European Central Bank, etc.) and for specialised agencies. Exports are another question entirely. I first thought you were located in the US and then realized you were not, which means most US-based services are not available to you and any US products you might own would have been imported. Now, why would you expect that the US necessarily exports something you might want and/or can afford? In principle, it is entirely possible for the country to produce a lot of things and be richer than any other country on earth without exporting anything at all. As a though experiment, imagine that soon robots will completely replace factory workers (something many people have been announcing for some time). Obviously distribution and ownership could be a problem but, as far as the economy as a whole is concerned, we would all be extremely rich without anybody doing any of the production. We could all pay each other to do seemingly simple services (which would become more valuable than manufactured goods which would then be plentiful) or maybe not do anything at all and still have a lot of the things produced by the robots. 

Assuming the ratio is the same across all other institutions and agencies (not sure how reasonable this is), this would work out to around 90000 people working for the European Union. 

“Least developed country” is a category developed by the UN's development agencies. There is an official list of “least-developed countries” and the EU only uses/refers to this typology. That's not to say Japan should not worry about it at all nor eventually reduce the size of the debt relative to the GDP. And what it needs to do that is inflation, not tax hikes. But, all in all, there is no sign of impending catastrophe and Japan has actually been doing better than countries who engaged in aggressive austerity shortly after the 2008 crisis. 

The key insight in all this is that a government is not like a household. If you reduces spending (say stop going to the restaurant), this has no effect on the economy so you are still earning the same income and you will have more money available, e.g. to pay your debts. So as long as everyone else is still spending and your job is not at risk, cutting on expenses is a good way to increase your savings. 

And Jacques Delors, who was actually very enthusiastic about the process, famously said that “Europe is like a bicycle. It has to move forward. If it stops, it will fall over.” So the Euro is perhaps the most visible and the most consequential – in a negative sense – of these but it's part of a series of initiatives to deepen the EU that were widely seen as necessary, not in a narrow technical sense, but for the sake of the European project itself.