If I see my opponent has a Sensor Tower up, is it still safe to attack with Dark Templar or cloaked Banshees? Will he see them coming on the minimap? Often the answer to a question of "how do I counter X high tier unit?" isn't so much about countering that unit once it's built, but preventing it from coming out at all. 

One of the best ideas to counter a protoss dead-set on going carriers is to scout and provide early pressure if you see him teching quickly to a fleet beacon. He's probably spending so much money on those buildings that he has a comparatively weak army, and you should be able to do a good deal of damage. 

I understand that the Sensor Tower is not a detector and will not give vision of the units. I am inquiring as to whether it will alert the player to the PRESENCE of them, even if you still can't target them without an additional source of detection. What about burrowed Roaches? Will the Sensor Tower still sense those even if it can't sense cloaked units? Actually, the way Blizzard has custom games working at the moment, it is not as simple as navigating to a folder to select the map. Many view this as a downfall in their current system, but this site is not the place for such arguments. Rather, to answer your question, the only way for you to play this map is to either find it in the search engine for custom games online or to publish it yourself. Ideally, you can find it in the search engine online, but there are a limited number of maps that appear in that, so if the map you want to try is unpopular, your only option is to publish it yourself. 

For example, TLO, a high caliber professional player, uses supply add-ons fairly often, even when not supply blocked, to get the extra 100 short-term minerals to get out an attack just a few seconds earlier. The target is stunned as soon as the Thor finishes aiming and begins shooting, thus preventing the unit from leaving the Thor's range. If the target escapes the range of the Thor before he begins shooting he will attempt to move back into range. This can be particularly difficult when trying to focus Collossus as the protoss can easily pull his units back to prevent the cannon from occurring. 

When your building is lifted and selected, it will outline the optimum 'landing zone' to marry up to an un-utilized add-on. The add-on must always be on the right of a building, this is true for all buildings. 

While this is more vulnerable then other spawn positions where your add-on is on the other side of the barracks, it still provides you with a tight wall off and is better than nothing. If you think your opponent is better in a long term macro game then you, you can attempt a counter attack immediately after you kill his banshees. This has a much higher risk to losing your advantage and could leave you on equal footings with him (or worse!). There are variations to the extent you counter attack though, you could probe (which is always good) and if he looks weak enough throw into an all-in with scv's and hope for a win or you can simply probe, back off and choose the macro alternative. Generally players will create a tight wall off with there naked barracks (no add-ons) and once they are ready to build a tech lab or reactor they will lift off the barracks and land it with enough space (add-on facing the ramp). There are often more effective use of a raven's energy that take precedence over seeker missile, though a well placed seeker missile can still do a lot of damage.