* I don't mean that this is your fault, nor do I think her eventual response was appropriate for either your child (who repeatedly lost the toy) or hers (who learned it's OK to steal if nobody fights back, and that his mom will eventually just ignore bad behavior). I wouldn't have done the same if I were in her position, unless the other parent explicitly stated "oh, your boy can have the toy" — and even then I'd attempt to seek some sharing arrangement where the kids play together. First off, if you want the whole family to be eating the same meal at the same time, a snack on the way home for your daughter is pretty critical to tide her over. Granola bars, fruit, carrot sticks, trail mix: something light enough that she will be hungry and eat her meal later, but substantial enough she won't be complaining for the next couple hours. Edited to add: I'm also realizing (from other comments and from considering my toddler's behavior) that part of it is imitating parenting. For example, if you tell him, "Let's go into this room," do you look to see that he's following? He's decided that's an expected part of the process, and therefore watches you! Earlier this afternoon I was filling a sippy cup for my son, and he said "Oh, good job, mommy," (the same inflection I use towards him!) and patted me on the shoulder when I handed him the cup. A few years ago, I was introduced to a program called "Whole body Listening". I adapted many of the ideas to use with children who are easily distracted or ones with limited attention spans. I find the strategies are simple and provide a multifaceted approach to focusing and maintaining attention. Here's a link that may be helpful in deciding a sequence and rational for food choices. http://www.babycenter.com/0_age-by-age-guide-to-feeding-your-baby_1400680.bc According to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gifted intellectual giftedness is different from a skill. Skills are learned or acquired behaviors while intellectual giftedness is usually believed to be an innate, personal aptitude for intellectual activities that cannot be acquired through personal effort. Our son found that wearing over the counter 3/4 length inserts significantly reduced his knee and leg pain. Orthotics: There is no evidence that wearing orthotics are effective treatments to correct flatfeet. However, orthotics may be useful in preventing the ankles from rolling inward and reduce the strain on muscles and the associated pain. For extra protein, offer more of these foods: eggs, milk, cheese, peanut butter, cottage cheese, puddings, legumes, ricotta cheese, meats, & yogurt. List all the words you can think of that start with a favorite sound. A great way to get this started, is teach your child the first sound in his/her name. Then say what else starts with that sound. Offer a few examples and then brainstorm together. Do this when standing in line at the grocery, at the bank, wherever. Point is, do it often. Then, you might try explaining what he saw. You can talk about sex with a child of any age and explain it is how babies are made, that it is something adults who love each-other very much do, but that you have to be ready for it and no who is four is ready for it. Or, if that is too uncomfortable for now, you can explain it with something along the lines of calling what he saw a "special hug" between two people who really love each-other. It is important to include that this hug is shared in private and that it is for people who love each-other in a way that is different from how a nephew loves his uncle or a mother loves her son. It is a type of hug that can only be given between two people who BOTH agree they want the hug (your brother, of course, doesn't want the hug). You might also put an age on it to indicate that it is a hug for adults so he doesn't start asking preschool mates to join him in a "special hug". I would also suggest you spend this time in the bathroom (and out) reading books about going potty. There is a book with Elmo with buttons (that make noises like the toilet flushing and water running in the sink) that talks about buying "big boy pants" and the whole process as well as an episode that can be purchased all about potty training where Elmo helps (I think it's baby bear's little sister if I remember correctly) with her potty training and we meet Elmo's dad etc. There is even a song called "accidents happen". There is also "no more diapers for ducky" (another book) and a set of books that is something like "the potty book for boys" and "the potty book for girls" that are all really good (plus numerous others)