A non-hilarious scenario would be if a top-order batsman and a tailender gets involved in the mix-up, and the tailender is given out. The fielding captain might want to invoke the DRS to try to get the more skilled batsman out instead. Kevin Pietersen (or any other batsman) turns the bat while playing the switch hit because it would be nearly impossible to play the shot correctly with the bent back surface of the bat. The law considers the entire bat, consisting of the handle and the blade, as one entity, and doesn't treat the front surface any different from the rest of it. You could hit the ball with the back surface or even the handle, it would be treated as a contact with the bat. Hence, the batsman would get credit for any runs scored. If a catch is cleanly taken, he would be out. Likewise, this also counts as a bat contact for other laws, such as leg before wicket. Suppose both the batsmen run to the same end (mix-up, as commentators like to call it), and the fielding side puts down the wicket at one end. The on-field umpire declares one of the batsmen out. Can this batsman invoke DRS to challenge the umpire's decision, in effect, claiming that his partner should be out instead? One Day International: lowest score never achieved as of 2015 is 155. However, as pointed out by Ale in a comment, it has happened at lower levels, with Dhanuka Pathirana scoring 277 in a match in the Lancashire league. Mohit Ahlawat went even further playing for Maavi XI in a Friends Premier League match, scoring exactly 300 runs. Runs: There is no fixed limit of runs in an innings, and scores over 100 are possible. The current record in a test match is 400 runs by Brian Lara. So even discounting not outs, the average could be over 100. At least four other players have achieved and surpassed this, by scoring 100 runs and taking 10 wickets in a match. Of course to score 100 runs in a match, you need to score at least one half-century. Test match: lowest score never achieved by batsman in an innings as of 2015 is 229. Nobody has scored 200 in an international, IPL, or T20 Blast match, with the top scorer in a major T20 match being Chris Gayle, who scored 175 for the Royal Challengers Bangalore in an IPL match. A note on the method: I kept scrolling on the links until I got the impression that there was no way a missing lower score could appear. This was at 200 for tests, at 119 for ODI and at 50 for T20I. For instance in ODIs, 119 has been scored 31 times, and 3 times by Viv Richards alone, so I am pretty confident that all lower values will have been scored, but I didn't do an exhaustive check all the way down to 0. Kevin Pietersen (or any other batsman) turns the bat while playing the switch hit because it would be nearly impossible to play the shot correctly with the bent back surface of the bat. (b) contact between the ball and either (i) the bat itself A non-hilarious scenario would be if a top-order batsman and a tailender gets involved in the mix-up, and the tailender is given out. The fielding captain might want to invoke the DRS to try to get the more skilled batsman out instead. or (iv) any additional materials permitted under 3, 5 or 6 above shall be regarded as the ball striking or touching the bat or being struck by the bat. or (ii) the batsman’s hand holding the bat or (iii) any part of a glove worn on the batsman’s hand holding the bat (a) reference to the bat shall imply that the bat is held in the batsman’s hand or a glove worn on his hand, unless stated otherwise. Additionally, a hand or a glove holding the bat, as well as the handle grip, permitted advertising labels, coverings, etc. attached to the bat are also treated as "bat", in the context of contact with the ball. Suppose both the batsmen run to the same end (mix-up, as commentators like to call it), and the fielding side puts down the wicket at one end. The on-field umpire declares one of the batsmen out. Can this batsman invoke DRS to challenge the umpire's decision, in effect, claiming that his partner should be out instead? Test match: lowest score never achieved by batsman in an innings as of 2015 is 229. However, as pointed out by Ale in a comment, it has happened at lower levels, with Dhanuka Pathirana scoring 277 in a match in the Lancashire league. Mohit Ahlawat went even further playing for Maavi XI in a Friends Premier League match, scoring exactly 300 runs. Edit: this was correct as of Feb 2015, but subject to change. For the correct answer as of Jan 2017, and a quick way of finding the current scores, see answer by Moaz0786. Runs: There is no fixed limit of runs in an innings, and scores over 100 are possible. The current record in a test match is 400 runs by Brian Lara. So even discounting not outs, the average could be over 100. At least four other players have achieved and surpassed this, by scoring 100 runs and taking 10 wickets in a match. Of course to score 100 runs in a match, you need to score at least one half-century. T20 International: lowest score never achieved as of 2015 is 82 Innings - N.O. : This boosts the average if the player is not out. So if a batsman scored 50, then 60 Not Out, his average would be