The US National Guard (which is a branch of the USA Armed Forces) is regularly deployed in emergency situations, like for example the Katrina hurricane. And, AFAIK, other branches of the Army can be deployed if the situation is needed. Usually, military personel have very good training... for waging war. They sheldom have training for managing crowds or firefighting, they do not know what are the operatives, duties and rights of law enforcement officers, they don't have materiel for crowd control or for reducing someone without lethal force. The power of these men depends of their position. Any changes the current POTUS can enact, the next POTUS can dispose of. You have a FBI director that made a big, publicly acknowledged, mistake: That is why many people may accept as good the electoral results even when the number of votes not computed is still greater than the difference between the candidates. And those cases are detected. Although I would say that this case was more one of registration workers trying to "meet objectives" with made up registers than of attemptin at falsifying the election2, it was indeed detected and punished. The people in charge may fear that calling for help makes them appear in public as unready or uncapable for handling the event. This may cause such people to delay asking for support, in the hope that the emergency improves without external help. This article explains the procedure behind it. A few quotes: As much as someone might despise Trump personally, any attempt to block him for getting the full responsabilities as a POTUS will be way more damaging to democracy and the USA than a Trump presidency itself (or at least let's hope so). Third, and more subtle, could be changing the census data in order to get a red or blue state more electors due to a higher population. This would be somewhat related to option #2, differing in that: And of course, it sets a very dangerous precedent... from then on, any losing candidate may use the "fraud" card ("it is not my fault because I was a bad candidate, it is the 'black hand'") and the situation may repeat itself again and again. Of the 95,000, 50.5% go for Trump (47,975) and 49.5% go for Clinton (47,025). Yes I am ignoring third parties here, it is just a thought experiment. A 950 difference for Trump, so far it does not seem to be that difficult. In order of upsetting that, you need that the remaining 5,000 distribute at least as 2,975 for Clinton and 2,025 for Trump. Which means that Clinton needs to win a 59,5% of the remaining votes... ten full points over the pattern of the votes already counted! Add into the calculus that you would need all three of the states to change to break Trump's majority, and the probabilities go to barely zero (if there is, a 10% probability1 of any single state switching, the probability all of three switching is of 0.1%2). Deleting people from rolls would be unwise, since it is easier to detect when the people affected go to vote and detect they are not allowed. And the funny thing is that you ignore some of the major, actual issues that could justify sanctions, like the continued occupation of Northern Cyprus, Turkey violating the embargo of ISIS oil or the civil rights of the Kurd minority. 1 It is worth mentioning that the Enforcement Acts still allow for the POTUS to use Federal troops into a State that refuses or cannot control attacks on constitutional rights. 1 Although politically the situation was not exactly the same (Kosovo was a province of Serbia, while Bosnia and Croatia had been separated entities), and initially it was intended that Kosovo would remain part of Serbia and that the objective of the war was only to force to stop the fighting. 2 As in "the official posted in Youtube a video of himself snorting coke next to the body of a dead, underage prostitute". a) Your manipulations are likely to show inconsistencies with other data (e.g., way more voters enrolled that the census numbers would predict). 1 You know, you cannot honestly be constantly repeating things about "the blood of tyrants" and that you are going to jail political opponents and claim that the elections are rigged and then be surprised if some people interpret this as a signal to start killing the "tyrants" and their "henchmen". With that memory still fresh, it is not surprising that when news appeared that there was again fighting between separatists and Serbian military forces, and civilian massacres the same mechanism was put in motion1 Countries happen to be free to decide whom they get their weapons from. And how "buying weapons from Russia or China" means "could undermine NATO's security" is an absolute mistery to me. India buys lots of military hardware from Russia and nobody has issues with it (except other suppliers of military hardware, of course). 1At least I don't want to. YMMV. Tensions from Israel are relatively recent and still very low level from what is usual in the region. Turkey recognizes the state of Israel in its internationally recognized borders. Turkey has never been at war with Israel. Israel has never bombed objectives in Turkey. In the 90s there were joint military exercises between Turkey and Israel. In the 2009 the issue of the Gaza fleet did certainly strain relationships, but not to a breaking point. Normally this kind of changes would only be realistic if there were other correlations (e.g., most of the already counted votes are from rural areas and the votes remaining are mostly for cities, etc.) that could explain such a change in pattern. The coup d'etat was against Erdogan and failed. Why shoud Erdogan's government by punished by a coup d'Etat against it? And certainly there have been differences in the Syria question, but it has also offered support to the USA. Certainly, some people should certainly learn that the rest of the world is not made just of "puppets" or "enemies", differences are way more subtle.