I am not the kind of person who was riveted by what Stalin said, I argued with him, I told him the truth! For instance, was native religions mentioned during: First off, most Canadian or American states' borders are not particularly straight. Even when they are supposed to be straight, there are often nooks and crannies. Short Answer: You're both correct. Which date to pick for ending the French Revolution is a matter of opinion. It is not necessarily be problematic if the censors disagreed. Scholars have generally thought that only one censor was chosen by lot to nominate the Princeps Senatus alone. If correct, then in the event of disagreements between the censors, the chosen one would have the final say. Much support for this theory is inferred from the 209 dispute (see below), where one censor was reported to have the choice "by lot". A similar development saw the National Republican name became particularly associated with the Anti-Jacksonian faction in 1830. There was clearly a need for easier identification of the splintered Republican faction/parties. The Democratic vs National Republican divide offered exactly that. When the campaign of 1832 arrived, therefore, the Democratic-Republican label surged in popularity. Secondly, though lacking true power, the throne - and by extension the imperial line that monopolised it - were the source of legitimacy. Japanese political landscape was extremely fragmented and fractious, and governance tended to default to a more council-like system of rule. So-called ruling clans usually controlled only a relatively small territory, no more than 25% of Japan at the peak. They derived authority over the rest of Japan from the sanction of the imperial court, which remained recognised as the legitimate government (even after it had ceased any real function). - Zubok, Vladislav M. A Failed Empire: the Soviet Union in the Cold War from Stalin to Gorbachev. University of North Carolina Press, 2009. This border in particular seems straight because a huge 3,500 km section of the Canadian-US border was somewhat arbitrarily fixed at the 49th parallel. Most of the border west of the Lake of the Woods was first proposed in 1807, and decided in the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, with the Oregon section finalised in the Oregon Treaty. Similarly, Prussia's expansion occurred against this backdrop of an intricate mosaic of convoluted territorial entities. It received much more than it lost from the Final Recess's redistribution, and picked up major territories after Napoleon's downfall. And just before German unification in 1871, Austria's allies were annexed into Prussia after the latter's victory in the Austro-Prussian War. Of course, it is obvious to us now that the republic had fallen and a monarchy had taken its place. Yet we should not project modern perspectives onto the ancient Romans. Note that the spiritual precursor to the Magna Carta was the Charter of Liberties issued by Henry. Now, therefore, be it known that I, Andrew Johnson President of the United States, by virtue of the power and authority in me vested by the Constitution and in the name of the sovereign people of the United States, do hereby proclaim and declare unconditionally and without reservation, to all and to every person who, directly or indirectly, participated in the late insurrection or rebellion a full pardon and amnesty for the offense of treason against the United States or of adhering to their enemies during the late civil war, with restoration of all rights, privileges, and immunities under the Constitution and the laws which have been made in pursuance thereof. The following paper is a pretty detailed treatment: He was captured and held over for trial in 1865 but eventually was released when full amnesty was declared by Johnson in 1868. The wording of the amnesty proclamation gives Johnson's reasons and rationale for granting it: The Federal Republic of Central America was not a stable country because the area it contained was very difficult to rule in a unified way. This was for several reasons: I think it would be naive to think that the desire to preserve slavery was not a significant factor among those that motivated the American Revolution, but I am not convinced that it was the primary one. The name "England" derives from the Old English name Englaland, which means "Land of the Angles". It is worth noting that, in the context of language, Old English is a synonym for Anglo Saxon. (The earliest recorded use of the term that I'm aware of is in the late ninth century translation into Old English of Bede's Ecclesiastical History of the English People, which had been written in Latin in in the early eighth century.) In addition to the "patrician" Optimates and "plebeian" Populares, there was also a third group - the Equites - which today we might think of as a kind of 'upper middle class'. To complicate matters still further, by no means all members of the Patrician class were associated with the Optimates faction. Perhaps the best-known example is Julius Caesar, who belonged to the Patrician class, but was politically aligned with the Populares (although quite how far he shared the Populares agenda remains a matter for debate).