As for addressing it, in Hollingsworth v. Perry SCOTUS decided that you don't have standing to sue the government for its decisions simply because you voted for or championed a given cause. The details are on that wikipedia page, but it boils down to this (my interpretation): "If you can't show how you, personally, were or will be harmed by the law, you can't sue to stop it. The main reason I know of for a federal judge to step in when it comes to state laws is when those laws are unconstitutional. For instance, if a state passed a law, or even an amendment to its state constitution which permitted slavery, the federal judge could overturn it as a violation of the 13th amendment. 

When the Articles were replaced by the current Constitution, that clause was dropped, since Canada clearly wasn't interested. 

The general way something like this would happen is that some national organization decides to push for it and starts lobbying all 50 states' legislatures. This could be the National Governors Association, in which case it would be each states' governor pushing on the legislature, but it could be any other organization. Additionally, anything like this will start being picked up by the news after a few states start voting for it, so other states' legislators will certainly know what's happening without any formal communication necessary. 

No, that option expired in 1788. It is worth noting that none of these provisions have ever been used or tested in court. It's possible that if an event happened such that they were needed, a Cabinet member who was presumed dead (and thus passed over) may try to argue that "presumed dead" is not a disability or failure to qualify in the sense of (d)(2), and that they should replace the current Acting President. At that point, they would have standing to sue the current officeholder, and the courts could decide which one will hold the office, whether it's a political question that courts can't address, or whether the whole act is unconstiutional. 

In Article III, it specifies that On the 'right to disqualify,' they can't. They are just calling his character into question giving his prejudicial statements. The administration however, through Josh Earnest, is free to discredit or judge Trumps statements publicly. There is a legitimate concern that his expressed desire of keeping out all muslims can be used as a propaganda or recruiting device. However, the shortcoming of that concern is that there is already a stated intention to kill us; hiding from that reality just leaves these United States unprepared to provide a defense. Most of the 'unConstitutional' determinations about Trumps statements are based on an obtuse expansion of his statements beyond what he said. In referencing actions taken by FDR to limit the immigration of Germans, Italians, and Japanese, he opened himself up to a connection to the Japanese internment. Past that, there are current Treaties and other associated agreements between these US and other nations regarding immigration policies. It would take an act of Congress, adjusting legislation, to modify who is allowed into these United States. 

EDIT: Even if it was discovered, after taking office, that the President didn't actually satisfy some of the constitutional criteria for the office (turns out they were actually younger than 35 when elected, or they weren't actually a natural born citizen, for example), there is no automatic mechanism for removal or disqualification, they would have to be impeached to be removed. 

In other words, to what degree does the club behave like a private club? Does it allow anyone to join? Or is it selective? Does it allow non-members to attend and participate in the same way as members? Or is it truly exclusive? 

The only other proposed mechanism for removal is via Section 4 of the 25th Amendment. This section has never been invoked, but allows the Vice President along with other administration officials to send a written declaration to Congress declaring the President "unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office". Even this, though, seems to imply a temporary removal, not a permanent one; the Vice President merely becomes acting President during this time.