The Use of Blind Trusts by Federal Officials 

There was the larger counter-intel investigation, which was not, initially, any kind of a criminal investigation. This covered the broader issue of Russian involvement, and did include looking at involvement by Trump team members (not because they specifically targeted them, as such, but they would look any any kind of contacts or interactions). Separately, because of what was already known about Flynn, those allegations were clearly of a criminal nature, so they pursued them separately. Similarly, North Korea only enjoys limited recognition from the USA and a few other nations (to be clear, this means only the USA and a few other nations have relationships and recognition that are this limited with North Korea. Most of the world has a greater degree of recognition). The USA does not have any formal diplomatic relations or recognition of them as a legitimate regime, and while the United States haven't formally made declarations to that effect (that I'm aware of), they essentially deal with and treat South Korea as the legitimate government on that peninsula. 

Open and honest democratic elections are entirely about transparency. The Russians operating via stealth propaganda and other espionage and sabotage of the process is contrary to open and honest democratic elections. That's why it's worse than a government taking an open stand for any administration or candidate. That's the general overview of what the case is, but the exact details are usually kept under wraps by investigators, other than leaks to the press. The actual information is often a bit different than the leaked accounts, in their fuller context, so knowing, really, the details is something we won't know for a while. Claims that the press are making it all up are probably deflecting by those with an agenda. Traditional, professional journalistic practices require independently verifying leads or stories with more than one source. Claims that they are reporting the whole, "true" story are probably also overblown, at this point. Leakers often have an agenda, as well. Keep in mind that abuse of powers of office to try and steer investigations, even if the crimes are relatively benign, are considered to be a major problem. The cover-up, or more specifically, the exercise of powers of office to facilitate a cover-up, is often a crime of much greater magnitude than the crimes or activities attempting to be covered-up. It's a lesson that has been repeated many times in recent US history. Whether it's surprising that no one learned from that history is probably an assessment that falls along partisan lines. 

Trump probably believes they'll try to avoid sending the impression that they can't govern, as a majority party, and will have at least some members voting with him, with the leadership then falling in line to make it look like they were involved in making the results happen. 

Had Trump and Co. simply kept their hands off, and kept their mouths mostly shut for the most part (the usual "don't want to comment on an investigation at this time, we're going to let them do their jobs" is rubber-stamp standard for any kind of investigation into a current administration) it's possible, if there were actual crimes or improprieties, that it would have burned them, but now, regardless, Trump's inability to handle any kind of coverage that isn't praising and laudatory has escalated the entire affair in a very rapid fashion well beyond what it normally would have been, in all likelihood. 

And, no, deals with the opposing party by a president are not uncommon. There's almost always some common ground or goals they can agree upon. At least, they weren't uncommon until the GOP made a pact to try and stop anything Obama supported, even if it was their own measures, in 2009. What's remarkable about this is that the president AND his party are usually together in negotiating with the opposition party. It seems like the president kind of made that determination, on the spot, without consulting with the GOP leadership. Both of those documents were written by the same Legislative attorney, FYI. 

Even so, there were separate tracks to investigations. Unlike what many seem to be claiming, this does not mean that the investigations were unrelated, or that they would not converge, but based on what they initially knew, there were several tracks that could be followed, so they followed them, separately. Many claim there should not be an investigation, or that it's meaningless because, currently, we don't know of direct links between parties and events. This is disingenuous. It's fair to say we shouldn't claim that we know something is rotten, but it's specious to say there's nothing there - we shouldn't investigate because we haven't confirmed anything.... which can't be confirmed unless it's thoroughly investigated. If that standard would apply to all criminal investigations, our prisons would be empty.