As you can see, the actual intent/end of getting money is only implicit in this case, but should nevertheless always be taken into consideration when it comes to fully fleshed out maxims. An often overseen alternative As for citation, there is an online version of the Akademie-Ausgabe. It even has a full-text search available and is a perfect complement for the one for all editions. But for more extensive work on Kant, it does not suffice in the sense that immediate reading of whole arguments and arcs and writing down the exact reference (including line) is not exactly comfortable when being forced to read from a screen and change the page per click. 

Conclusion The main point to see here that Kant wants to point out in this part of the book is that while morality does not exclude usefulness (the jewel may have a setting), the worth of an act is only determined by the good will (the jewel that shines for itself) and usefulness must not be considered for evaluating the moral worth of an act (the setting must be set aside). But for people always asking for usefulness, the setting may be useful (sic!) in order to at least acquaint with the shining of the jewel/morality (and the admiration/respect it produces). So you can be pretty sure that it is formatted just as Kant himself has intended it, because A and B edition have been revised by him personally. I do not have found any kind of source for his influence on the formatting in the books, but as the appearance stayed the same after many reviews of his A edition and his own revision resulting in the B edition, this is a strong evidence for the assumption. That is why most editions mark the change of the pagenumber in A respectively B edition. 

*Here I put this proposition forward as a postulate. The grounds for it will be found in the ﬁnal section. (4:429) 

As Förster in his book The Twenty-Five Years of Philosophy points out in Chapter 6 and further develops in the following one, Kantian philosophy is kind of 'unfinished'. It lacks a monistic 'first principle' from which it could be derived. Without it, the critical project cannot be what it wanted to: Philosophy as a science. Hegel thought it as accomplished in 1806, but history showed that this openness to sceptical thought proved problematic. Or, to put it in another way, we may even achieve a point were we know all aspects of an object that would constitute the thing-in-itself (although we cannot possibly know wether we already did), but we will because of our finite understanding never be able to think it as a whole, only as aspects put together. Every account of an object "as it is for real" would therefore necessarily be reductionalistic. What is a maxim? Jens Timmermann argues in his not translated book "Sittengesetz und Freiheit" (DeGruyter, 2003) Chapter IV that there are at least three different senses in which Kant uses the term "maxim". As the schematisms of the categories and for corporal (i.e. physical) objects are the same, the concepts (whatever their language-specific label may be) are the same for any human being. The schematism or necessary construction of concepts has the task to ensure that this argument cannot be held against Kant.