This still gets the feeling that they were not really all that engaged with the event they showed up to. They managed to eat something show their face and smile then leave. I feel like what you have is getting too listy and a lot of that is implied with "I smiled". 

To my knowledge this is not possible. In googling this real quick, everything I found also backed up that notion. Purdue OWL is one of my favorite go-to places for citation questions and they also make no mentioning of being able to do this shortcut. Everything I have read says that you need to have the quote fully cited each time. 

I think initially I was going to agree that you can keep it short for effect. 

a fairly popular line that follows a similar premise. It has a nice flow to it. I would suggest for your example to chop it down some to be more simplified but still gets the point across. 

But the question is: would it be a shot in the foot a fantasy to have such subjects? Would it really be a turn off for most of the fantasy readers if the fantasy have these bits of reality? Edit: Just clarifying: these subjects are not just put there and that's it. Instead, they are treated in-depth accounting all the consequences and sufferings connected to these things. For example: fantasy wars have little weight per se ("Wow, yet another fantasy war... Such darkness!". No). But what about the impacts, the consequences of such war? What about the innocents brutally killed, and the lives destroyed because of mere territorial interests? Things like that. 

I have a fantasy story I'm writing and several other fantasy ideas, which treats (in-depth or almost) some serious real life problems, such as diseases (mental or corporal), mental health degradation (like losing sanity), death, war, suffering, violence, sexual abuse and/or rape, prejudice, sickly envy, human being's cruelty and the horrors they are able to do/cause, etc. (all portrayed negatively). Of course, it's not all of these subjects in one single story, just 1-4 of them in each one, and the rest of the story is the story per se, and considering these stories are not dark fantasies, some of them include some lighter and relieving subjects. I like the habit I have of creating some stories with such heavy/dark subjects (not that that's exclusive to me only). 

While this may not be perfect, it still allows you to expand and allow the reader to dive deeper into the brain of your MC. It allows your story to help show the emotions and understanding that the MC is troubled. 

Alternatively, if you want to flush it out more you can and still get the same feeling across. Ultimately, you want the reader to be able to feel and experience what a depressed state is like. Not everyone feels depression the same way or as deep. By turning it into a longer passage, you can help the reader understand their emotions better instead of having it be assumed with short quick sentences. The following would be something I would do as an example of flushing it out: 

I don't think you are entirely wrong in your notion. I remember being able to do something similar, but I can't recall if it was MLA or APA, though this may have changed since I last had to write an essay. From my research, I would go with the answer of no it is not possible.