And for your question about being a rubber stamp, well no. Back to the Slate Article: The Founding Fathers reached consensus that republicanism contains a provision to abolish and reform the government under new foundational laws, and is embodied in Article 4, section 4 of the Constitution. The means to do so exist through amendment, Convention or revolution, and the authority to do so resides in the people. For more on this topic I refer you to The Federalist Papers, No. 78 This question misunderstands the reasons the Department of Education exists, it's core mission, and the role of the federal government in education generally. The mission is The separation of powers argument seems more clear. Of course, Congress has a role to play in executive oversight, including setting the budget for enacted legislation. However, having an effective veto-like instrument over executive activity has ramifications beyond such a traditional role. Is there a Constitutional test that preserves legitimate oversight with executive discretion? Here is Trump's statement in full, and I think the reasoning above and evidence below supports it: Also, what is the mechanism in place to enforce current POTUS recent withdrawn invitation of NBA team communicated via a free microblogging service? The time-stamps are official which serves to demonstrate they were not all conceived and written together after-the-fact. Is the party nomination something a candidate even can accept or refuse? Or is the nomination more like a glorified endorsement? Nuclear talks might become possible with North Korea in the event Kim Jung-un died or was somehow succeeded by a Gorbachev-like successor who wants to come in from the cold, as it were, and does not have the current family legacy to live up to. Are there circumstances in United States where a presidential election and subsequent inauguration can be held before the end of the president's term? (I'm assuming the president does not personally vet the guest list, and those who approve the list do not have "Recent twitter war?" on their checklist). Are there obligations that come with accepting the nomination? Many of North Korea's top officials visit other countries and likely have different ideas about how the country should be run. This question's context is grounded in the recent history of the 2009 Honduran constitutional crisis that both parties, the State Department, the President, and it seems ultimately the Library of Congress weighed in on. You can read all about it here in Wikipedia The context of the question are two facts related to 2016 US Presidential election: In the heat of the moment, when Chambers’s charges had first become public, leading officials like Dean Acheson and President Truman had both defended Hiss, a position they would soon know enough to regret. But those regrets they kept mainly to themselves, and Hiss posed for years as the archetype of persons unjustly charged in what was criticized as a Republican witch hunt. Still, despite McCarthy’s failure to back up his charges he managed to flourish for a time in a climate of suspicion that Hiss wasn’t the only Soviet spy with a claque of defenders and that the government was hiding something. At the same time, counterintelligence professionals knew McCarthy was thrashing around in the dark, but many of them also knew directly or through the grapevine that the FBI was in fact trying to identify hundreds of cryptonyms.