The Book of Mormon appears to be even more explicitly Trinitarian than the Bible. However, Joseph Smith seems to have changed his doctrines after the publishing of the Book of Mormon, but perhaps embraced this earlier on. Today, the Mormons do not believe anything close to the Trinity. 

So, just how many people physically saw and/or touched the gold plates from which Joseph Smith is said to have translated the Book of Mormon? 

So, the Book of Mormon does have some things that appear to correspond to Trinitarian theology, yet the LDS church does not hold to the Trinity. 

Note: Martin Harris, one of the witnesses, later explicitly denied seeing the plates with his physical eyes. See article.. 

The Joseph Smith Translation of the Bible is unique in its listing of 13 verses at the end of the last chapter of Genesis--chapter 50. These verses specifically name Moses, who would be born 400 years later. They also contain a prophecy of a man named Joseph, which is believed by the LDS to be a reference to Joseph Smith, Jr, since his name, "Joseph", is "after the name of his father". 

And he hath brought to pass the redemption of the world, whereby he that is found guiltless before him at the judgment day hath it given unto him to dwell in the presence of God in his kingdom, to sing ceaseless praises with the choirs above, unto the Father, and unto the Son, and unto the Holy Ghost, which are one God, in a state of happiness which hath no end. Mormon 7:7 

And after this manner shall ye baptize in my name; for behold, verily I say unto you, that the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost are one; and I am in the Father, and the Father in me, and the Father and I are one. . . . And thus will the Father bear record of me, and the Holy Ghost will bear record unto him of the Father and me; for the Father, and I, and the Holy Ghost are one. 3 Nephi 11:27, 36 

I understand that LDS teaching holds the our God was once a man on another planet, so at the very least, people on this planet are the third "generation". If our God is one of a million others who also became gods on their planet, then the total number of gods and planets, if this really is the third generation, would now be 10^6 X 10^6, or 10^12 (one trillion). If this is the 4th generation, then there would be 10^12 or one quintillion gods and planets. 

I have heard or read that in the Mormon Temple Ceremony, each person learns certain secret handshakes and passwords that are necessary for them to enter into heaven. I've also heard that a woman has to enter through her husband. 

I have heard or read something that the LDS church teaches that there will be marriage and even polygamy in the after life for people who are good Mormons. Is this available for all people are just a few? And what are the specific teachings about this?