In addition to Philip Kendall's answer, just considering the France part: 

The tackle you provide is not a two-legged tackle. 

If you look at the matches for group A, you will see that France are the home team for their first and second game. Their third game in the group stage they are considered the away team and Switzerland as home team. If there would be any conflict there considering the colors, they would be asked to use their away (or even third) kit. Which probably won't be the case for the game against Switzerland. 

Maybe interesting, earlier this week UEFA ordered both Barcelona and Atletico Madrid that they had to play in their away jerseys for good distinction, while they had played their league game both in their home jerseys. So UEFA might just look at the games and order the teams which kit to use as they please. 

This is just a clean tackle and good executed. Clearly goes for the ball, plays the ball and does not harm the attacker. 

So yes, two-legged tackles are illegal, but their will be always to legs present. Reason for a two-legged being illegal (besides being potentially harmfull for the opponent) is because it's difficult to go clean for the ball that way. The way Campbell tackles he has full, or as much as can while tackling, control over the ball. When you tackle with two legs it's a frontal attack on the ball rather and there's little control over what you can do with the ball. 

Players may be registered with a maximum of three clubs during one season. During this period, the player is only eligible to play offi cial matches for two clubs. As an exception to this rule, a player moving between two clubs belonging to associations with overlapping seasons (i.e. start of the season in summer/autumn as opposed to winter/spring) may be eligible to play in offi cial matches for a third club during the relevant season, provided he has fully complied with his contractual obligations towards his previous clubs. Equally, the provisions relating to the registration periods (article 6) as well as to the minimum length of a contract (article 18 paragraph 2) must be respected. 

Play for maximum two teams in one season 

I'm at work now, but I'll add in some two-legged tackles to show the difference. Marcelo's scissor tackle, you see the second leg joining rather actively 

The indirect free kick is taken from the place where the offence occurred (see Law 13 – Position of free kick). 

Another way of thinking of it, is that he is only penalising his own team 

A player in an offside position receiving the ball from an opponent who deliberately plays the ball (except from a deliberate save by any opponent) is not considered to have gained an advantage. 

If the referee decides that the action by the player makes it dangerous for opponents to challenge for the ball, an indirect free kick is awarded to the opposing team. 

When a goalkeeper has gained possession of the ball with his hands, he cannot be challenged by an opponent. 

The additional assistant referees will use a radio communication system only and not flags to communicate decisions to the referee. 

It will most certainly be the attacking team protesting here. Since the defending team will most likely be under pressure near their own goal, advantage should not be played if the referee needs to take action against dissenters. Play is stopped, any player(s) guilty of dissent is/are cautioned, and play is restarted with an indirect free kick taken by the defending team from wherever any dissent was being delivered from. 

Who is he harming beside his own team in this scenario ? 

In the event of a breakdown of the radio communication system, the additional assistant referees will use an electronic signal beep flagstick to indicate their decisions. 

Whether it was intended or not by IFAB, the combination of these two changes have led to referees only taking action when there is blatant encroachment. The alternative, i.e. strict enforcement, would dictate that the goalkeeper would be sent-off for being millimetres off their line for a saved / missed penalty kick twice in a match. This is clearly a disproportionate punishment.