Note the rule does not forbid overhand reception of a service per se, it just requires it to be completely clean. But, presumably, unless the hit is very clean, it is going to get whistled automatically. This change also brings indoor volleyball rules a bit closer to beach volleyball, where overhand service reception is also not explicitly prohibited, but everybody receives using forearm bump, as an overhand reception would be whistled ±automatically as a double contact. 

(Rule 102 – Penalties on the Scoreclock) v. In the case of misconduct penalties, the skater is allowed to return to the ice only after the first whistle after the expiration of his penalty. 

According to Rule 9, each team must play the ball within its own playing area and space (except in the case of Rule 10.1.2). Therefore, since the setter has hit the ball in the opponent’s space, the setter committed a fault. The blocker also committed a fault by touching the ball in the opponent’s space before the attack hit. However, only the first fault is penalized. The ideal scenario is that the ball is either cleared to a neutral zone by a defender or for instance by a goal kick. It's of course not always the case, and based on circumstances the ref could blow the final whistle at a less than optimal situation. 

Neither have I seen the games on TV nor am I particularly knowledgeable about badminton regulations but I find the events, the discussion and the outcomes particularly interesting as a sports enthusiast. The fourth ofﬁcial indicates the minimum additional time decided by the referee at the end of the ﬁnal minute of each period of play. 

The general rule in sliding tackles is whether or not you get to the ball first before making any contact with the attacking player. As a defender your responsibility is to make sure you are going after the ball, and as an attacker you make sure that you play the ball and not the defender.. 

The announcement of the additional time does not indicate the exact amount of time left in the match. The time may be increased if the referee considers it appropriate but never reduced. Both the golden goal and silver goal were removed from the Laws of the Game eventually. 

In an amazing comeback Seahawks got a TD less than a minute on the clock. The running back Marshawn Lynch seemed to fumble the ball, which was then picked up by the center and carried in the end zone. I realize that the score was reviewed, but not sure on what grounds... I cannot really comment on whether or not it's common to play for money, however I presume it would happen occasionally as with pretty much all other pub environment games. 

Similarly the over-representation of African Americans in NBA or NFL, or Caucasian Americans in NHL (ice hockey) can be similarly attributed to the culture of these sports being deeply rooted in the respective communities. Long story short, think like this: how many kids grow up dreaming to become a snooker champion in Germany vs in the UK. ;) Update: The below answer was valid at the time it was posted, however, the rules changed dramatically, and now any contact with the net by a player between the antennae, during the action of playing the ball, is a fault. (With explicit inclusion of the take-off and landing in the action of playing the ball.) Therefore, per the current rules, both sample situations are now faults. 

(Edited per amended question. TL;DR: the setter made a fault of “reaching beyond the net”, signalled by the referee by a hand placed above the net, palm facing downwards.) Simplifying it a bit, touching the net is a fault only when 

According to Rule 9, each team must play the ball within its own playing area and space (except in the case of Rule 10.1.2). Therefore, since the setter has hit the ball in the opponent’s space, the setter committed a fault. The blocker also committed a fault by touching the ball in the opponent’s space before the attack hit. However, only the first fault is penalized. 

(All citations from the IIHF Official Rule Book 2014–18.) 

The first one was definitely not the case here: 

Because the Laws of the Game define offside as (Law 11, p. 33): 

Currently, at the first hit of the team including the service, double contact is not called (provided that the contacts occur during one action, see rule 9.2.3.2), which means a great share of receptions is nowadays done using overhand, even though these hits are not clean. However, it also means todays men’s volleyball is generally: hard jumped serve which is very often a fault or an ace, or it is received nicely and properly set to a spike which ends the extremely short rally lasting just a few seconds, with such sideouting play being very predictable and boring.