I have tried to give you answers one by one. Another example is Unmukt Chand. He was the captain of the winning team of Under-19 WC 2012. Looking at his career page before his ODI debut there is no record for his ODI career. I couldn't find any official source where it is mentioned that Under-19 Cricket's stats count or not towards his international career. But from any player's career statistics we can easily find that Under-19 Cricket's stats do not count in international matches. So all matches scheduled for more than two days' and allowing four innings (two innings each) are considered as First-class cricket matches. This also include Test matches (i.e. international) as well. I really can't understand this question. Such matches (First-class and List A) are constantly played in domestic and international level. For e.g. Ranji Trophy is a First-class matches trophy. Which is played every year since 1934. Or Vijay Hazare Trophy is a domestic matches trophy which is also played every year. Yes. Have a look at Jaydev Unadkat's career page. See his Twenty20 career debut match. It is KKR v KXIP at Kolkata, Apr 4, 2010. So it is clearly stats that IPL as well as CLT20 will be added in player's Twenty20 career. For a match to be considered as a completed match (unlike draw), each team must face 20 overs in One Day matches and 5 overs in Twenty20 matches before D/L method decide the result. (Source: Duckworth-Lewis method - Wikipedia) Twenty20 includes all 20-20 matches while T20I includes only international T20 matches. List A matches means limited overs cricket match (and not Twenty20) played in one day. This includes ODI as well. So in cricket once the coin is tossed, the match is considered as a match played and enters official statistics. So if the match is abandoned after few overs say 10 or 15 it goes to official records. And there is no minimum overs requires to enter official statistics. Have a look at the point table of Asia Cup 2012. Here it shows total runs scored by Bangladesh is 746 in 136.3 overs. Note if point table includes only groups matches. Bangladesh's final score of all three group matches is 241 + 293 + 212 = 746 runs. Which includes 3 additional runs (293-290) scored against India when the target was 290. where P is the performance (in seconds or metres), B is the base performance below which no points are scored and A and C are parameters calculated for each event. These parameters are not published but it is straightforward to determine them using mathematical software. Percentage time added in first half: From Mick Bromilow Department of Mathematics & Statistics, The Open University article Towards a fairer scoring system in athletics Changes for 2014: Percentage time added in second half: a, b and c are parameters whose values are listed below. * is the mathematical sign meaning "multiplied by ", and ** is the mathematical sign meaning "raised to the power of". *Enforcement rate is the percentage of Tests in which the follow-on was available and was actually enforced. With the help of data for above mentioned activities, we can compare performance of wicket keepers. These two picture obtained from Statsbomb website clearly shows the percentage of time added. Parameters (constants for each event): Note: The value of P (points) must be rounded down to a whole number after calculation (e.g. 123.999 becomes 123). From abstract of Performance measures for Wicket Keepers in Cricket by Hermanus H. LEMMER What was the average age of top five European football leagues for domestic league 2016-2017? But the one that I find interesting to measure the performance of wicket keeper is in thesis by Danielle Catherine MacDonald named Performance analysis of fielding and wicket-keeping..... After a long search finally found it. Statsbomb Article clearly explain the extra time minute percentage in European 5 top leagues. This is two wagon wheel from ESPN Cricinfo showing overthrow. IAAF Scoring Tables for combined events have formula. IAAF Scoring Tables for Combined Events Pdf file contains formulae (equations) to calculate the point score (P) For a given performance. From blog of espncricinfo by author KARTIKEYA DATE. Toulouse France team with average age of 23.91 was the youngest team on pitch for domestic league 2016-17. Some article claimed Germany had the most number of team with the lowest average age. But I'm interested in knowing, The next best are Tommy Harper of the Seattle Pilots with 126 in 1969, Deon Sanders of the Reds in 1997 with 127. And finally rounding out the top 5 are Lou Whitaker and Luis Polonia For the 89 Tigers and 90 Angels respectively with 128 each. The answer to this question is Kaz Matsui in 2004 for the New York Mets with 125 hits. My analysis determines that it's fairly common for a team to have a leader with fewer than one hit per game. It's happened over 250 times since the 162 game schedule was adopted in 1962 (with 4 strike shortened seasons thrown out). Which is an average of about five teams per year. I've confirmed this to be the case, there are several players from other leagues (Union Association and American Association) that have fewer hits, but it seems their teams played many many fewer games than were scheduled (my baseball history is not strong enough to know why without more research). Bill O'Rourke of the 1878 Boston Red Stockings with 71 hits over the 60 games that comprised that league year.