Ibn Katheer (rahimahullah) said in his tafseer: From the traditions of the Prophet of Islam i.e. hadeeth (which is another source of Islam), it is said: The Permanent Committee for Scholarly Research and Ifta' consisting of the Mufti Abdul-Aziz ibn Abdullah Al Al-Shaykh, Shaykh Salih Al-Fawzan,(May Allah preserve them), Shaykh Abdullah ibn Ghudayyan and Shaykh Bakr Abu Zayd (May Allah have mercy on them) answered a similar question. The complete answer and verdict can be found here. 3 - The compilation of the Third Caliph Uthmaan - Radhiyallahu 'Anhu Standardisation (During the Era of Uthmaan – Radhiyallahu ‘Anhu) My answer is what I know from Tafsir Ibn Katheer: Tafsir of Ibn Katheer (rahimahullah) says that this verse which says "but he is the Messenger of Allah and the last of the Prophets. And Allah is Ever All-Aware of everything" is like the ayah where Allah says in Surah Al-An'am: They said that this occurred in the presence of the Companions, and no disagreement was transmitted from any of them. They were the ones who best knew the essence of the law. This is used in support of that view by those who rely on the opinion of a Companion when there is no other conflicting evidence. The disciples of al-Shafi'i argued on the basis of the tradition of Zayd ibn al-Thabit, who said. The Qur’aan, as is established in authentic hadeeth, was revealed in seven ‘Ahruf’ (different Arabic dialects). The revelation of the qur’aan in these dialects was to accommodate the various dialect of the Arab tribes in the region at that time. During the time of Uthmaan there occurred differing over the modes of recitation. This differing led to a big trial among the muslims and to fighting and bloodshed. The known memorisors and recitors of the qur’aan were many. That which will bring clarity to this fact is the hadeeth of Anas ibn Maalik who said: On the basis of this incident the messenger supplicated against them in the dua of Qunoot for the period of a month. Source: Sujud-at-Tilawah outside Salah Saheeh Sunan Abee Dawud (no. 4439). This hadeeth was declared hasan (sound) by Shaykh Albaani. Islam is a forgiving religion and asks the muslims to establish justice between themselves and with others. It prohibits oppression. There are several hadiths of the Prophet (peace be upon him) where he advices muslims that oppression is prohibited, so do not oppress anyone and the one who does so is a transgressor against Allah. Islam also places a great emphasis on kindness and virtues. Islam asks us to show forgiveness, enjoin people in good and forbid what is wrong. It says that God loves those who pardon and do good and warns people against extremism. There are several verses in Qur'an which warns muslims of extremism: During this period, the qur'an was being recorded by the companions of the Messenger (Sallallahu alaihi was Salam) as and when it was revealed and recited to them by the Messenger (Sallallahu alaihi was Salam). (Collected by Imaam Al Bukhaari in his ‘Saheeh’ 4702) So a good analogy would be - If cocaine is banned, how logical would it be to legalize cocaine selling shops? 2 - The period of Abu Bakr As Siddeeq (Radhiyallahu ‘Anhu) The main method of preserving the Qur’aan in this period was through memory. The Arabs were well known for having exceptional memories and thus it was memorised by many in this period through this means. It was also preserved in writing during the life of the prophet (Sallallahu alahi was salam) on various material. It was preserved on Animal skins, bone, Date palm wood and animal shoulder. Stages in the collection of the Qur’aan During the caliphate of Abu Bakr in the twelfth year after Hijra, Abu Bakr commissioned the second stage in the compilation and preservation of the Qur’aan. The reason for his compilation was that which took place during the Battle of Yamaamah a large number of memorisers of the qur’aan were killed in battle. Abu Bakr, who was the khalifah at the time was concerned about the deaths of the proficient in the recitation of the qur’aan since it was not officially collected in one book at the time but either memorized in its totality or preserved in writing in various places