Stigmata is a grace given to a follower of Christ₁, meaning 

Priests (as well as the Pope and the Bishops) act 'in persona Christi'. They forgive sins ,through God, because Jesus forgave sins and told the apostles to act accordingly (John 20:23). The very definition of priests is one who offers sacrifices for the people. You don't have to poke very far into Leviticus to find a biblical basis for priests acting like priests. Priests in the new covenant 'do this in remembrance of me', and they say this, not 'do this in remembrance of Jesus' during the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass in the Eucharistic prayer before communion. 

Which rapture folks might be likely to do. so long as you leave off the next verse Biblical Sources for sacraments 

It kind of leaves you thinking that the lucky one is the one who is left, not the one who was taken and eaten by a vulture. If this were pointing to a rapture, the one who was left would be the one eaten by a vulture. One thing to point out is, not all cardinals are currently Bishops (and historically there have been lay cardinals, so it's an error to conflate their position with Bishops, they do not act as cardinals as mediators in any way. Stigmata is not public revelation, nor could it be. So it's not biblical in the way the 7 Sacraments (Baptism, Marriage, the Eucharist, Reconciliation, Holy Orders, Last Rites and Confirmation) are. 

Going back to Romans 1, Paul says a similar thing about those that honor creation without honoring the creator. Take a look at these passages of David and Habakkuk expressing their frustration at God: 

Community of Christ Their statement of note: 

Elijah and Moses did return to visit Jesus and Jesus did return to visit Paul, but these people had already died and were permanent citizens of eternity visiting earth, not vice-versa. There's no account in scripture of a person entering heaven and returning to resume their previous life. According to the bible, probably not, but absence of proof is not proof of absence. A few important things to note: 

One way that Francis could have meant it was that creation, or created things, can bring someone to the Lord. He may have been re-stating Romans 1:20 which says that no man can deny God's power because he's plainly revealed it through his creation: 

Luke 15:8-10 ESV Or suppose a woman has ten silver coins and loses one. Doesn’t she light a lamp, sweep the house and search carefully until she finds it? And when she finds it, she calls her friends and neighbours together and says, “Rejoice with me; I have found my lost coin.” In the same way, I tell you, there is rejoicing in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner who repents. Where did this idea come from? 1 Timothy labels it a desire, not a calling. A good answer can provide a couple non-obvious things or a comprehensive list of all things. Please note that this is not a "list/shopping question" because I'm asking the answers to be sourced from a closed set of data→the bible. 

The saying is sure and worthy of full acceptance, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners - of whom I am the foremost. But for that very reason I received mercy, so that in me, as the foremost, Jesus Christ might display the utmost patience, making me an example to those who would come to believe in him for eternal life. To the King of the ages, immortal, invisible, the only God, be honor and glory forever and ever. Amen. Jesus certainly suffered in his crucifixion, as the Gospels attest. We might argue about the extent to which he was conscious of each sin individually. While some would say that Jesus in his earthly life had only a human intellect, the transcendent nature of the Passion is surely a plausible candidate for an exception. In any case, he felt the pain of every sin, including yours and mine, regardless of precisely how he felt it. In 1 Timothy 1:12-17, Paul - or someone writing as him - says (NRSV translation): Acts 15:1-21 records a council, held in Jerusalem, to decide. This probably took place in 50 or 51AD. Peter said (v7-11, NIV): 

This was a topic of dispute in early Christianity, between believers who had come from the Jewish faith, and gentiles. The issue relates to whether Christianity is part of Judaism - which would mean that converts had to be circumcised - or whether it is an independent faith. If it is not needed for adult converts, then it would not be applicable for children either.