Cowper-Coles is exactly the sort of person who one would expect to find as Third Secretary in the Diplomatic mission to Egypt., either in the '80s or now. I notice that Third Secretary was his first assignment, and he went on to much more high profile jobs later. As richardb says in a comment "He went straight from private school [and] Oxford to being a junior civil servant. It's almost embarrassingly stereotypical" Prior to the fixed term parliaments act, Prime Ministers were (effectively) free to choose the timing of the election. The Parliament act required that an election would be held at least every 5 years, but holding an election between 4 and 5 years would not be considered a snap election. Extremely odd question! I wonder what provoked it. However you should look to the process by which The RoC was replaced by the PRC in 1971. Essentially the process was a resolution of the General Assembly and the recognition of the PRC by the other 4 permanent members. The point of view of the other members was that the RoC was not expelled, but rather that "China" continued to be a member of the UN, and it was a matter of which delegation should be recognised. see wikipedia 1 2 The kangaroo is a practice which allows the Speaker to select which amendments to a Bill are to be debated1. The party, according to its wikipedia article, currently holds: Elected officials, on the other hand, are not going against democratic structures if they exercise their veto powers. The guillotine is a common name for allocation of time motions2. That said, none of the three major parties in the UK (the Conservative Party, the Labour Party and the Liberal Democrats) advocates for the abolition of monarchy. Also, in 2012 the monarchy enjoyed record support according to polls, with 69% of respondents saying that Britain would be worse off without the monarchy. A Constitutional Commission will be set up to draft a written constitution. The Church of England should be disestablished and the monarchy should no longer have formal legislative, executive or judicial roles. Furthermore, a fairly well known political organization that campaigns for republicanism in the UK is the aptly named Republic pressure group. Republic is a member of the Alliance of European Republican Movements, a movement to abolish monarchy in European countries with members from seven of the extant European monarchies. Reason (4) is the ultimate problem. It is the reason that pornography is banned in the workplace and the reason that Mr Green had to deny something. If he had been looking at images of (for example) cars nobody would have commented, nobody gets sacked for looking at cars and so nobody would need to deny anything. There would be a lot of loose ends. For example, would an elected President take the role of the Monarch? This would be a simple arrangement, as the various reserve powers of the Crown could be passed to the President. If there is to be no replacement then things like the oath of loyalty that soldiers swear would have to be changed. The example of James II is that the King was not able to prevent the will of Parliament. However this was ultimately an act of force. William was able, with the support of Parliament, to take the Throne, and James was unable to raise a sufficient army to prevent it. If the monarch chose to reject the decision of Parliament, then there would be a de facto state of civil war. Prior to the fixed term parliaments act, Prime Ministers were (effectively) free to choose the timing of the election. The Parliament act required that an election would be held at least every 5 years, but holding an election between 4 and 5 years would not be considered a snap election. Extremely odd question! I wonder what provoked it. Unless the UK and EU decide to delay, the UK will leave the EU on the 29th of March. An agreement, at least on the transitional arrangements, needs to be in place well in advance of this. The meaning of "aligned" is unclear.