One question is appearing twice in my list of favorites. I found the same thing happening to the title of a "Top Answer" in another user's profile: Unbroken words are typically broken/forced to wrap when they grow longer than a line: They are still able to edit the answer if they visit the edit page directly; this only affects the question view. I can't see anything that make this question unique, but none of my other few-hundred favorites are doubled. Using a title longer than 100 characters for a Data Explorer query produces an MS SQL error message: This bug only affects uploaded avatars. Gravatars still work fine. Haney reached out to Jeff Kaplan at the Internet Archive, and the torrent has been restored: I noticed this happening to a "Top Question" in my global profile on StackExchange.com: The recent (fantastic) changes to deleted questions have introduced a bug. 10k users can no longer see answers to their deleted questions which were deleted before the question was deleted. That is to say: they cannot see answers which had their deletion flag set, rather than just inheriting it from their parent question. http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.5.0/docs/api/java/util/Arrays.html#binarySearch(int[], int) Edit: Seriously, can we get this back or a comment as to why it was removed? It makes no sense. I was just about to post this question too. I don't understand why it's gone and it is inconvenient, particularly because the question isn't displayed when you edit an answer for it. I usually find myself ctrl+clicking on the "Return to Question" link to open the question in a new tab to refer to some detail in it. For example, this won't work with the linking feature: It seems SO defines that input box as a fixed size rather than giving it a pixel width. That works fine for IE on Windows with default DPI and font size settings. It also seems to work on Chrome. But Firefox seems to use a larger default font than IE. You can also change it which will affect it. If I try and [link it][1] this is the result. If you answer questions then 2000 isn't really all that much and (imho) people who answer questions are the best qualified to edit other answers. I found the same thing happening to the title of a "Top Answer" in another user's profile: In the "Top Questions" and "Top Answers" listings on Stack Exchange global profiles, the last and first characters are missing from any titles that start with a double-quote character. The code that grants non-10k users the ability to see their own deleted questions but not independently-deleted answers appears to be applying to 10k users as well, even though in their case it's a restriction of privilege. They are displayed fine in the per-site flairs. They are still able to edit the answer if they visit the edit page directly; this only affects the question view. One question is appearing twice in my list of favorites. Using a title longer than 100 characters for a Data Explorer query produces an MS SQL error message: This bug only affects uploaded avatars. Gravatars still work fine. The recent (fantastic) changes to deleted questions have introduced a bug. 10k users can no longer see answers to their deleted questions which were deleted before the question was deleted. That is to say: they cannot see answers which had their deletion flag set, rather than just inheriting it from their parent question. but the messages were silently dropped. They seemed to be submitted normally, I can't see anything that make this question unique, but none of my other few-hundred favorites are doubled. original title: "[open]" + "[source]" versus "[open-source]"
displayed title: [open]“ + ”[source]“ versus ”[open-source] This affects the URL slugs as well as the displayed titles. Uploaded avatars are displayed in a very low quality in the combined flair. If you sum the reputation of all of your accounts, including your meta accounts (but apparently excluding discuss.area51?) it sums to 20112 reputation [try it]. This is close enough to your chat profile's value that I think I'm right and the difference is probably due to caching. I noticed this happening to a "Top Question" in my global profile on StackExchange.com: