Zenobia was known by her contemporaries in many ways, but perhaps the most famous of them was "Queen of the East". One reason was a gender imbalance, a lot more male slaves (captured in war), than female slaves.And of course, "breeding" requires both. Ancient Israel was not a "caste" society, at least not in the sense that we know it in India. More forms of government, such as Communism, fascism, and fundamentalism were added in the 20th century. That's where you get the long names, as these newer, totalitarian forms of government tried to take on the trappings of the more respected republics and democracies, with the (Communist) People's Republic of China, or the German Democratic Republic (formerly Communist East Germany), or the Islamic Republic of Iran. Judea has always been a key part of the "land bridge" that connects what we now know as the Arab world, specifically north Africa and the Middle East. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atlantic_Bronze_Age Very few ancient ships carried large numbers of women.The carvels of the Middle Ages were sufficiently comfortable to accommodate women (some came over on the Mayflower, for instance). Rations on ships during the age of exploration were typically of a type that would require little or no cooking. They included things like "hardtack" (unleavened bread), and salted meat, that could be stored for months without spoiling. Salted meat was "boiled" which required less fuel and lower temperatures than regular "cooking" (212 F vs. 400 F). The "fire brick" solution referred to in another answer was "suitable only for boiling," not for regular cooking. Your earlier recollection about mountain fortresses is correct. Judea is located on a plateau, through which north-south trade routes pass through (and can therefore be blocked by) strongly fortified cities. Perhaps the strongest, and certainly the most famous of these cities is Jerusalem. According to Wikipedia: In "ancient" times, things were even simpler. Ships sailing the Mediterranean, Baltic, North, Arabian, or Red Seas, were only a day or two from land at any time, and could "put in" on a regular basis for "fresh" food, using preserved foods as a "stopgap." In those times, there was (practically) no such thing as "heavy" or dedicated military ships. (OK, a few large ships carried extra (wooden) "armor" or "rams.") Until the 18th century, there was basically one type of government; rule under a single ruler, which could be subdivided into monarchies and empires. This was not totally true, because Greece experimented with democracy, and Rome with a republic, but this was true enough until modern times, because Greece and Rome were special cases. I would also consider the United Kingdom of Great Britain and (Northern) Ireland ( a union of several states into a country) a special case. The long names phenomenon is an artifact of modern times. There were two reasons; 1) a "multiplicity" of government types and 2) the desire of some countries to confuse one type for another. Pirates, by definition, were better marines and sailors, (except against the professional navy), and that's what accounted for their success. Their ships could sail faster than merchant vessels unless they were also loaded with treasure, and because "incentivized" pirate crewmen rowed faster than crews composed partly of slaves. Her empire, Palmyra, was near the eastern edge of what was then the known world, including Egypt. More to the point, she was seen as a viable competitor to Rome. Besides the danger of fire on ships, another thing that inhibited cooking was "freshness." Prior to the 19th century, there was no refrigeration on ships, meaning that food could not be kept "fresh" for more than a few days. (Cooking is most necessary for "fresh" foods.) Once a ship was launched, there was no "fresh" food, and hence no need for cooking, until it reached land. If the sailors could then obtain fresh meat or vegetables (fruit needed no cooking), it would be cooked ashore and eaten there, or possibly salted and preserved before being brought on board. When slaves were shipped to from Africa to America, there was a reasonable balance of male and female slaves that were bought or captured, and taken across the Atlantic in ships. Prior to that, we are talking about pre-historic cultures such as those that settled river valleys like the Dordogne in France. The pirates used the "same" ships as everyone else. Or at least similar types such as galleys. But that was exceptional; no other occupation was reserved for one tribe, and no other tribe "dominated" one occupation. And the Levites were not considered "better" than anyone else; if anything, they may have been consigned to that status for the tribes "past sins". So there wasn't a caste hierarchy built upon such specialization.