These images would be shown in addition to the existing 404 page text, so nothing is getting lost, we're just trying to inject a little fun into the process. So to display it on every post would incur 2 vote table queries * number of visible questions / answers. Our DB is fast, but the vote table is pretty massive, and not doing a query is always faster than doing it.. 85 Total users with reputation > 4000 who have asked more than 200 questions Thus, to incentivize more balanced question voting, we are considering removing the -1 cost of casting a downvote on a question. 28 For all users with > 4000 reputation: Based on additional feedback, I elected to implement this in a better way. 1.47, 1.33 Average answer score As for all the others, I believe we've discussed them in some detail here on meta, and I was wondering if we could somehow incorporate this advice, maybe in the "how to ask" sidebar? What wording should we add to help eliminate this problem? I am a horrendous speller, and my mild dyslexia does not help. NOTE this feature is designed to salvage "good" information from non-answers. It is not meant to be used to convert "thank you" answers to comments - they should be simply deleted. I'm working on tag synonym support at the moment, the admin end is fairly straight forward, but the user experience is kind of misty for me. This is now implemented, moderators can convert posts to comments. They can also choose to retain the comments on the posts. Rename the tag in the background, not display anything to the user. Disallow the save, suggest sql-server as an allowed tag and explain that sqlserver is not. Something else. Thoughts? Clearly this is not intuitive or right so I made some adjustments. At the end of the day this is a simple usability issue, you are showing me information that is not at all relevant to me in 200% font size and I would like the information either made relevant or taken away. This would both help drive traffic to the Stack Exchange site and help us find stuff that lives on multiple Stack Exchange sites. As my heroine Mariah Carey says: "Love takes time". So yes, I understand that the fishing for interesting jobs in a tiny geographic segment of the market will take a while. (Note: Jon Skeet is also affected by this.) A quick analysis of 10 days of recent data at Stack Overflow shows that we are seeing that about 23% of the votes are on questions when in fact questions are 34% of the posts. If there is a clash on body, we check how big your edit was and how big the previous edit was. Additionally, we could restructure our voting badges a bit to account for the new pools. I use the name "Popular Demand" here on Meta, but everywhere else I'm "Lord Torgamus." (Fun fact: neither one of these is the name on my birth certificate!) I just visited stackexchange.com and was surprised to see both names there, in different places. I'm not sure that this is a bug, or how it could really affect anything, but it seemed weird enough that I figured it was worth reporting. Screenshot: -1! Yes, we do! Please don't take away my top bar notifications! Using stackoverflow to determine which questions should go to which site after the split is a good idea, but I'm afraid the tag is applied too inconsistently for that to work out in practice. This is especially true for MSO's oldest questions: the ones that were asked on SO before MSO existed, using the tags sofaq or stackoverflow. Back then, questions about the network and questions about SO were basically the same thing (which, of course, is why we're in this situation to begin with). More recent questions are also affected. Those that are specific to SO, perhaps because they're about particular questions or users, often don't get tagged with stackoverflow. This is most likely because infrequent MSO users don't even know the tag exists. The reverse is also true. Many meta questions (both SO-specific and network-specific) get asked on SO and migrated here. Sometimes they bring along the stackoverflow tag; sometimes, the stackoverflow.com tag; sometimes both; sometimes neither. It may also be helpful to consider the tags specific-question and specific-user when deciding where to send questions. I'm not against "spring cleaning," but I can't think of a good way to automate it, and I doubt it would have enough value to justify the effort. As for which questions should be "spring cleaned," maybe we could start with the ones that ask why SO doesn't have a per-site meta and the ones that ask why MSO also does the job of MSE. 1.47, 1.33 Average answer score These images would be shown in addition to the existing 404 page text, so nothing is getting lost, we're just trying to inject a little fun into the process. 250 Total users with reputation > 4000 who have asked more than 100 questions 28 For all users with > 4000 reputation: So to display it on every post would incur 2 vote table queries * number of visible questions / answers. Our DB is fast, but the vote table is pretty massive, and not doing a query is always faster than doing it.. I'd like to have amusing but on-topic images for our 404 Page Not Found page on: As for all the others, I believe we've discussed them in some detail here on meta, and I was wondering if we could somehow incorporate this advice, maybe in the "how to ask" sidebar? I particularly enjoyed the Google Webmaster Central blog entry Tips for getting help with your site.