Forgive me if this question is clumsily posed. 

Is this sort of framing of the Copernican principle de riguer? Has it been expounded before? Is it even consistent? 

The so-called 'Copernican revolution' of declaring the mind as bringing objecthood and properties to objects, rather than their perception bringing those properties to mind, strikes me in its implication as rather similar to the concept of language as a series of language games. 

For one neccessarily does not entail in one's conception of an object the full semantic weight of that object, and so, in projecting this upon the object when perceived, what one perceives is therefore in some sense arbitrary (that is to say veridically flexible, because at the very least one may add more to one's conception of the meaning of the object) suggesting an isolation from the necessarily inaccessible object-in-itself- and so related to the object by useful convention of the self, just as words in their usage relate to referents by useful convention of a dialogue. 

And so to time, for mathematical operations even when they are on time, never exemplify time: if A is A now, and later is B; if change is a continua, then A and B are the same in a sense; but if A is really different to B, and so properly distinct, when or how can change occur? It's a question of becoming and being: I can say, becoming is, and that being is; but that does not entail their ontological reduction; for Aristotle, at least in one sense, being is a limit of becoming. 

This was noted by Kant - his famous antinomies - which motivated his critical project; however Priest credits Hegel for deciding the contradictions are unavoidable, and their underlying structure. 

And there are reasons for this - mainly that now is later than then, and depending on how one counts time, much later - exponentially later; this movement of time has generated from the seed of scholarly thought a tremendous apparatus (a dispotif in Agambens sense - taken from Foucault) within which contemporary scholars move as apparatchiks (as satirised by Borges in his inimitable hieratic prose, for example in his short story La Biblioteca de Babel (The Library of Babel).