Part 3 - The Battle of Maida: Building a Tactical Edifice: 

.... Throughout the Ratisbon phase of the 1809 campaign, the French made extensive use of massed skirmisher tactics. The U.K. National Archive records for the Royal Sussex Regiment notes the following about its activities during the Boer War: 

I have a battalion at Vohburg which, at the moment that the enemy marches by Geisenfeld, has orders to carry itself into the bridgehead at Ingolstadt so as to ensure my retreat. 

An infantry unit named Acqui operated from 1831 to 1871, again from 1881 to 1926, from 1939 until its massacre by the Germans in 1943, and from 1948 until the present. Most recently, since a reorganization as of October 1, 1976, it has been a motorized brigade. Additionally, the Royal Canadian Navy included 7 River-Class destroyers in 1939, and commissioned 1 additional River-Class and 8 Town-Class destroyers in September 1940 as pat of the WWII building program that would make it the Allies' third-largest navy, by number of vessels, in 1945. The Royal Australian Navy had the destroyers Stewart, Vampire, Vendetta, Voyageur and Waterhen in service in September 1939. 

When a body of men went on a force-march it would forego the afternoon battle and foraging in order to make a second march of 6 or so hours through the heat of the afternoon, under full pack and with unreliable water supply. This would be facilitated when the troops were trained veterans; foodstuffs and water were reliably available; and the weather was accommodating (as in April 1809). 

During the era of Marlborough, Frederick, and Naploleon, the normal daily routine of an army on campaign was to: The Royal Sussex Regiment Brighton War Memorial notes the following timeline of deaths and activities: 

Because they used a wakizashi instead. The inferior quality of medieval and pre-medieval European metallurgy (compared to Japanese) may have been the cause of the real question: The Medieval helmet was designed exclusively to defend against hand-held weapons like sword and lance. With the arrival of the musket, all infantry armor was deemed superfluous, as was most cavalry armor. For the cost of material, the extra weight of carrying it around, and the additional exhaustion from wearing metal in the hot summer campaign seasons, no benefit was seen even for senior officers. 

The second elite company of the battalion, the voltigeurs, were designated to occupy the left hand end of the unit because they were in practice almost never there. In almost all circumstances they were detached as skirmishers either in front of, or to both flanks of, the battalion. Yes, most certainly (though not always) - consider Market Garden in September 1944. Market was the airborne drop to take the cities and bridges, and Garden was the relief operation by British XXX Corps spear-headed by the Guards Armoured Division. 

John H. Gill's 1809 - Thunder on the Danube, Vol. I on page 193 describes St. Hilaire employing this stratagem during the battle of Teugn-Heusen, April 19, 1809. The 3rd Ligne attacks the Austrians first in a pinning attack; followed by a more serious assault by the 57th Ligne that captures and holds the Buchberg. Meanwhile the 3rd Ligne reforms and with the 10th Leger, 72nd Ligne and 105th Ligne launches a third wave that pushes the defending Austrians first through and then out of the neck of woods between the Buchberg and Hausen. 

The usual variant on the stratagem was for a second line to advance through the gaps in the first line, this being regarded as safer than having the first line attempt to disengage while still in primary contact with the enemy. 

Of course, given this forage requirement, it is no surprise that Genghis's army moved so rapidly - if it didn't it was going to starve. ;-) Now, given that the guides were on the right hand end/side of the unit, and every soldier's eyes were angled right to follow the guides, where is the most correct and conspicuous place to put your most experienced troops, on whom all other eyes would be set? The right hand side of the unit. Hence the reason for placing the grenadiers, the bravest and most experienced men of the unit, on the right hand side as a model for all the rest of the battalion to emulate; the true place of honour. 

In the latter part of the 20th century this stratagem migrated all the way down to the squad level; one sees it in use during the standard squad leapfrog so popular in WWII movies, where half the squad provides covering fire while the other half advances, and then the roles reverse. 

In 1870-1, the most comprehensive outline for Modern Rules of War was that formulated by Francis Lieber in 1863 (the Lieber Code, Section IV), and commissioned by President Lincoln, unilaterally directed for the conduct of Union Armies. Our modern, stricter, guidelines for conduct of war between civilized nations only begins a generation after 1870-1, with the series of International Hague and Geneva Conventions that began in 1899. Update - Excerpts from A Reappraisal of Column versus Line in the Peninsular War by James R. Arnold's: Note also that horses must spend several hours a day eating in order to stay fresh due to the low caloric density of pasture. Oats and other higher-density foodstuffs can be used as an occasional top-up, but will make the horses sick if over supplied. 

War-rebels are persons within an occupied territory who rise in arms against the occupying or conquering army, or against the authorities established by the same. If captured, they may suffer death, whether they rise singly, in small or large bands, and whether called upon to do so by their own, but expelled, government or not. They are not prisoners of war; nor are they if discovered and secured before their conspiracy has matured to an actual rising or armed violence.