The scanty notices in the Gospels are (1) that she was a “cousin,” or more generally a “kinswoman,” of Elizabeth, and may, therefore, have been, by her parentage, wholly or in part of the daughters of Aaron. The relevant Quranic verses are 9:107-110. 

Quran 2:173 He has only forbidden to you dead animals, blood, the flesh of swine, and that which has been dedicated to other than Allah . But whoever is forced [by necessity], neither desiring [it] nor transgressing [its limit], there is no sin upon him. Indeed, Allah is Forgiving and Merciful. Luke 1:36 And, behold, thy cousin Elisabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old age: and this is the sixth month with her, who was called barren. 

— Al bidaya wal nihaya by Ibn Kathir, translation here The Prophet was informed of the intentions of the hypocrites by Allah through the above revelation, and so he had the mosque burned and demolished. Its similar to the Arabic Akhi (brother) which also has cognates in Hebrew where they include tribal relations and similarity of character: 

Yes of course the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon) followed the Shariah, as well as he was given certain privileges no other got. The context in which GoldPseudo said that, was that of marriage, and that was that he was allowed more then four wives, where we can only marry four at one time, indicating that we can most likely handle four at a time and no more, and still do justice, and be fair to all of them. There are some reasons, and wisdom behind the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him) being allowed more then four. I shall mention only one to get the point across. Now as it is obvious, one won't find many fasting Monday, and would find many celebrating the Mawlid every year, what is happening is something got flipped around. And Allah's saying to the Jews came true on Most of us: 

Nevertheless, claiming with certainty that someone was a Prophet without solid proof is wrong, its inventing a lie about Allah. Krishna\Kahna is not mentioned in the Quran, nor in any well known hadith collections. 

Its similar to the Arabic Akhi (brother) which also has cognates in Hebrew where they include tribal relations and similarity of character: 

Punishment with fire is done by none except Allah, if you capture them, kill them, (instead). Quran 2:173 He has only forbidden to you dead animals, blood, the flesh of swine, and that which has been dedicated to other than Allah . But whoever is forced [by necessity], neither desiring [it] nor transgressing [its limit], there is no sin upon him. Indeed, Allah is Forgiving and Merciful. 

— Al bidaya wal nihaya by Ibn Kathir, translation here 

The scanty notices in the Gospels are (1) that she was a “cousin,” or more generally a “kinswoman,” of Elizabeth, and may, therefore, have been, by her parentage, wholly or in part of the daughters of Aaron.