Nevertheless, claiming with certainty that someone was a Prophet without solid proof is wrong, its inventing a lie about Allah. — Al bidaya wal nihaya by Ibn Kathir, translation here Apart from this several other prohibitions also come into effect. Halal food can not include pork, carrion, blood, wine or an animals slaughtered by other than the exsanguination (see 5:3 and 5:90). Hindu food will normally not meet this requirement, and even when it is not meat itself, it may have ingredients of animal origin which may not be halal. 

Punishment with fire is done by none except Allah, if you capture them, kill them, (instead). 

Krishna\Kahna is not mentioned in the Quran, nor in any well known hadith collections. 

The mosque was built on the instruction of Abu Amir, a Christian who had incited the pagan Meccans to attack the Muslims and had then gone to Heraclius to incite the Byzantines to attack the Muslims. He had told the hypocrites to establish a mosque to act as a meeting place to coordinate their subversive activities against the Muslims; and also to spread divisions among the Muslims by diverting them from the nearby mosque at Quba. 

The Prophet was informed of the intentions of the hypocrites by Allah through the above revelation, and so he had the mosque burned and demolished. 

Quran 6:121 And do not eat of that upon which the name of Allah has not been mentioned, for indeed, it is grave disobedience. And indeed do the devils inspire their allies [among men] to dispute with you. And if you were to obey them, indeed, you would be associators [of others with Him]. 

This is an awesome thought; but it is true of every night; most people living on this planet today will not be alive in a hundred years time; that is of the six or seven billion people alive right now on the surface of this earth only a handful will be alive a century later; we may as well say no-one, as handful out of so many is hardly any; thus this generation will have fallen; but another will have risen to have taken its place; at least that is the literal meaning that I see in this hadith. Is there any independent corroboration about such letters; that is of official contact by the the early ummah and the surrounding nations? 

For example, in Sahih Bukhari we have the following two reports: Hadith 116 in Sahih al-Bukharis collection is narrated by Abdullah bin Umar; he says: The Prophet (pbuh) says this night, presumably the night this hadith was recorded; not this night, the night following the day that I'm writing this; is there a deeper significance to this hadith or is the literal reading the correct one? Apart from this several other prohibitions also come into effect. Halal food can not include pork, carrion, blood, wine or an animals slaughtered by other than the exsanguination (see 5:3 and 5:90). Hindu food will normally not meet this requirement, and even when it is not meat itself, it may have ingredients of animal origin which may not be halal. 

The relevant Quranic verses are 9:107-110. 

The scanty notices in the Gospels are (1) that she was a “cousin,” or more generally a “kinswoman,” of Elizabeth, and may, therefore, have been, by her parentage, wholly or in part of the daughters of Aaron. 

Its similar to the Arabic Akhi (brother) which also has cognates in Hebrew where they include tribal relations and similarity of character: 

Krishna\Kahna is not mentioned in the Quran, nor in any well known hadith collections. So it could be that the people referred to her as a sister of Aaron because of her link to the Priestly order, and her dedication and worship in the Temple, a similar disposition to Aaron. Punishment with fire is done by none except Allah, if you capture them, kill them, (instead). Hadith 116 in Sahih al-Bukharis collection is narrated by Abdullah bin Umar; he says: For example, in Sahih Bukhari we have the following two reports: This is an awesome thought; but it is true of every night; most people living on this planet today will not be alive in a hundred years time; that is of the six or seven billion people alive right now on the surface of this earth only a handful will be alive a century later; we may as well say no-one, as handful out of so many is hardly any; thus this generation will have fallen; but another will have risen to have taken its place; at least that is the literal meaning that I see in this hadith. The Prophet (pbuh) says this night, presumably the night this hadith was recorded; not this night, the night following the day that I'm writing this; is there a deeper significance to this hadith or is the literal reading the correct one? Is there any independent corroboration about such letters; that is of official contact by the the early ummah and the surrounding nations?