Blu-Ray drive failure Can be solved by swapping out the drive with one from another PS3 Are you running 64-bit Java? I've been having a lot of issues running MineCraft on 32-bit java - The game will play fine for about 5 minutes and then lag out (checking the memory usage it gets to about 1GB) Note: Every PS3 hard drive is encoded to that specific PS3. Once replaced with a new drive, the encoding is changed. This means that - should you be able to get save files off the corrupted drive, you should do this before replacing the drive. It sounds like you're trying to replace the internal hard drive of the PS3. If so, the PS3 will detect that and prompt you to format it on start up. You shouldn't need to download/run anything from a USB flash stick or CD/DVD at all. It is very much 'Plug and Play' in that regard. This can be fixed by reflowing the solder. The easiest way to accomplish this is to oven-bake the PS3 motherboard (yes, really). If you're capable with a heat gun, then this is the more professional way of fixing it. There are more in-depth guides around the web, such as the Instructables one, but the basic premise is: According to Wikipedia, the Sony Xperia E1 comes stock loaded with Android 4.3 (Jellybean) The minimum required Android version to run Pokemon Go is Android 4.4 (KitKat). If you haven't updated to 4.4.2 (or your carrier has not pushed out Sony's Android 4.4.2 update in your area), your phone will be unable to play Pokemon Go. Take apart your PS3 Take out your PS3 motherboard Wipe off all the old Thermal paste from the chips Wrap the capacitors & other heat-averse parts in sticky-tack Put it in a cold oven (along with an oven thermometer) and set the dial at 260째C (500째F) Watch as the oven heats up to ~237째C (460째F). Turn it off when it does and open the oven door. Set up a fan to blow sideways along (not into) the oven. This will aid the cooling process. Take the board out, re-apply thermal paste and put the PS3 back together. The YLOD has also been known to be caused by: From the PS3, Back up your saves to a USB flash stick or external hard drive Disconnect the PS3 from the power. Locate and take off the hard drive cover. Remove the 'blue screw', which holds the hard drive bay in place. Remove the hard drive bay, and unscrew the old hard drive. Swap out the old drive for the new one, and rescrew the hard drive in place. Replace the hard drive bay (making sure to push it in firmly). Replace the blue screw and hard drive bay cover. Reconnect power, turn on your PS3 and follow the prompts to format the drive. (Note that your controller may need to be plugged into the PS3 by the charging cable in order to function correctly.) Restore any backed up saves/data. Once formatted, it will install the version of the OS that the PS3 was released with. Once up and running, you can update from this version as you would normally: by connecting it to the Internet and checking for updates using the 'Settings' menu and allowing it to download the updates. Not too sure if it will work with all games, but give it a try. If you want to check if your PC is 64-bit: The YLOD is a 'Major Hardware Failure' signal, of which the most common cause is: If you're using Windows 7 (or 8), I've picked up a handy trick to switch the screen my browser window takes up. (I tend to browse websites fullscreen) Start the game, and when it is fullscreen on one monitor, push These updates can also be done using a USB flash stick, which I believe is where you're getting confused. As @Memor-X states - you can update using some Game's disks - if you get some new released games it'll stop you from playing until you updated the system to the required version, which is included on the disk. Once the PUPs are removed, AdwCleaner will prompt you to reboot your PC. When it restarts, try starting Steam. Hard Drive Critical Error Replace the hard drive. By far the easiest to do, as the Hard drive is easily accessible. The PS3 takes a laptop-sized HDD. From Niantic's Supported Devices page: Under the System section it should say whether it is 64-bit. But you shouldn't need either a USB stick or a DVD if all you're doing is replacing a faulted/corrupted hard drive. Cracked Solder There are balls of solder that hold the GPU and the CPU to the motherboard. Due to lead restrictions in electronics in the EU, the PS3 uses a non-lead-based solder (even in the US). As it turns out, this has a tendency to crack after long periods of heating (Call of Duty Marathons anyone?) followed by rapid cooling - the solder joints physically crack & break. When they break, the chip isn't communicating with the board and hey presto! Hardware Failure!. You may be able to resolve the error by uninstalling any unwanted or suspicious applications on your PC. However in my case that didn't help. I'd say uninstall Java, and then go to http://www.java.com/en/download/manual.jsp and select the 64-bit version manually. If you're still unsure, there are plenty of guides that walk you through how to replace a PS3 hard drive on Youtube, such as the one below. Basically, the process is: