There's a relatively simple command block solution to this, which works in vanilla. Of course, your team would also be unable to break things inside your base, but you could have a redstone-operated door which can only be opened from the inside. As of Mineraft 1.8.9, there are 20 different arguments available for use: The java installation folder needs to be in PATH for this to work. Normally that is the case automatically, but something might have gone wrong somewhere. Delete and re-create the chunk You can delete this specific chunk using an external editor. If you do, the game will automatically re-creates it like new. Any modifications you did to the chunk will disappear. This doesn't make your base truly indestructible, but depending on the material you used for building it, it will make breaking into a base take an awfully long amount of time. Only the total (capped) EPF (Enchantment Protection Factor) is used for the calculation, and EPF calculation is the same no matter what armor piece you are looking at. This is true for both 1.8 and 1.9. Sadly, this will still only display the item as if lying on the ground, rather than the rendered version of a flower pot (the tile entity), and it will be placed at the back of the head (like the flowers in the screenshot above), meaning it will float above the armor stand. It seems as though Java is not included in your PATH variables. That thing is called target selector argument. Run Minecraft and load your world. That said, Simply Sarc recently posted a video on his channel, where he shows off a way to actually make a base indestructible, using 60 Elder Guardians, which are synched up so that one of them uses his curse every second. That means thats any player in the vicinity can't not have Mining Fatigue III for more than a second at a time. NBTExplorer will automatically open the correct region file and highlight the chunk. Delete it by pressing Del (or click the red cross icon). Save and exit. There's an explanation as to how to do it manually on the java website for the most common operating systems: While some mechanisms are not processed when no player is around, such as plant growth or entities, redstone and command blocks are executed normally. Open NBTExplorer and select the world you want to edit. Note that if your Minecraft game directory is set to a different folder, you have to nagivate there first using File → Open Folder. I'm not familiar with MCEdit, but you can also use NBTExplorer to delete chunks. In your case, you can fly over the chunk in creative mode, or figure out the X and Z coordinates by comparing the coordinates in the chunks next to it. Enter your world, and go to the location of your broken chunk. Press F3 and note down the chunk coordinates. Using scoreboards, you can "translate" data tag matching into a score or a tag (1.9 only), which you can then use with target selector arguments. Deleting chunks with NBTExplorer Make a backup of your world, in case something goes wrong. It seems you are using Windows 7 or 8, so I will copy the corresponding segments here (You will need Administrator rights for this):