Luckily, there is a rather large update coming October 31st. Here is Notch's blog describing what you can expect from it: http://notch.tumblr.com/post/1243370641 

One thing I have had difficulty with, is that you can only actually destroy beds by "mining" the top half of it. If you are looking at the foot of the bed, you won't actually be able to do anything to it. Try collecting the head of the bed. This can be more accurately stated as "Revealing 771 blocks below elevation 18 has a 50% chance of finding at least one diamond ore." If you're mining efficiently, you can reveal, on average, 4 blocks per block mined. So in order to reveal 771 blocks, you have to mine around 193 blocks. Now, mining 193 blocks has a 50% chance to reveal at least one diamond ore. Such things are currently not supported. The game is still in Alpha, which means there are still features to be built and that it is not to be taken as a reliable polished game. So, for now, Survival Multi Player is more of a sandboxy free-building mode and less of an actual Survival experience, but as the game continues to be developed, SMP will come into its own. A diamond pickaxe has a durability of 1563 blocks. 

In minecraft, there is no real maximum momentum. Your speed is capped, but your momentum is not. As you continue boost the same minecart, it will not get any faster, but it will continue to gain momentum. This increased momentum will allow it continue going at the maximum speed for a longer time before you need another booster or downward slope to continue. So maybe you'll get lucky and sustain yourself. But that's pretty unlikely. You're better off just using stone or iron pickaxes. Booster Article on the Minecraft Wiki. No, even if you mine efficiently. You should use stone or iron pickaxes for everything except what you need diamond pickaxes for, or if you're impatient and want to get through it quickly. Last I heard, Notch was actually including some of these optimizations into Minecraft proper. 

After you finish a section and place your new doors, removing the water blocks from this section with sand is easy as it's only 4x3x2 and you only have to place two sand blocks per column (n-1 of the walkway height) to clear out all the water. At this point, you can remove the old double doors (and glass padding on top) behind you and repeat from the set in front of you. 

The water won't flow through the doors, so you can peek out to the other side and place two ground blocks, then build around with glass and duck back into the doors for a breath. I generally do this for four blocks at a time before placing another set of doors. Here's an artificially brightened shot of a half-built section of tunnel. You can see the doors and the air behind them, and two slices of tunnel with floor and glass placed already. 

So, find a way down to the level you want to work at and make one tiny section of your walkway. You can use sand or dig some nice stairs since you'll probably want to start above the water level. When you have your first section, place two doors and then block off the top two blocks: 

There are a number of mods that claim to improve FPS in Minecraft. My experience is limited to OptiFine (an updated version of Optimine from around version 1.2) on 1.8.1, but I do see a very significant improvement in my FPS. Although it's a bit non-specific, I have seen my FPS on a Mac go from completely unplayable to very smooth.