I haven't seen any polls which ask Sanders supporters about favorable/unfavorable status, but voting preferences make a good proxy. As with almost everything politics-related, there's shades of gray between the two poles of "He opposed the war" and "He supported the war". Then, in January of 2003, he avoided giving an answer, instead saying "Either you attack or you don’t attack," and calling on Bush to make a decision. (See the first article for the full transcript). So, did he support the war? Aside from what seems to be a vague statement of agreement, Trump definitely did not support the war, but there's no evidence that he was opposed to it beforehand, either. After the war was declared, he made increasingly negative statements about it. The third parties in question are Gary Johnson and Jill Stein for two of the surveys. Stein was not an option in the Pew poll. Unfortunately for him, he's making the fourth claim, which PolitiFact rates as purely False: The record does not show it. As it happens FiveThirtyEight just posted an analysis of Sander's endorsement of Clinton, which includes a breakdown of poll results on a closely related question. If he maintained he opposed it in general (i.e. as it was happening), no one would question him. If he simply maintained that he opposed the war before it began, there would be reason to question it, but no one can really get inside his head to know. This article from FactCheck.org and this one from PolitiFact investigate this claim, and the answer basically comes down to how you ask the question. Before the war, he made what he calls a "very light" statement in favor of it to Howard Stern on 9/11/02, which reads to me, as if he hadn't given much thought to it either way. As you can imagine, his actions and his statement garnered a lot of controversy, and in the intervening year other players (and even athletes in other sports) have joined in, sitting or kneeling during the anthem. Note that these actions this weekend were largely about the President's statement, and don't necessarily mean that all those players and owners and coaches are in agreement with Black Lives Matter. Personally, I agree with you, that even the information that has been admitted by members of the Trump campaign (Trump Jr's emails, Papadopoulos' signed confession, etc.) clearly indicate we are somewhere among the bullets above. How exactly this all shakes out is still unclear. Now he's certainly not the first to express this kind of opinion, but it is a little different coming from the "bully pulpit" of the President of the United States. The indictments of Manafort and Gates, as they aren't (directly) linked to Russia, appear to be a result of "matters that arose directly from the investigation". Trump's statement (and other similar tweets about the NBA) received widespread attention and criticism from many groups. Many players, owners, and teams, even those that hadn't previously taken a position, spoke out in support of their player's rights to express their views. Free speech groups objected to the President appearing to condemn a constitutionally-protected protest. Entire NFL teams knelt or joined arms, or stayed in the locker room during the anthem to signify their disagreement with what the president said. Some people appear to use it broadly, as a synonym of "cooperate"; others use it more strictly, closer to "participating in a proven criminal conspiracy". Still others probably wouldn't admit it was truly "collusion" even if they saw a literal contract signed by Trump and Putin. Unfortunately for him, he's making the fourth claim, which PolitiFact rates as purely False: The record does not show it. So, did he support the war? Aside from what seems to be a vague statement of agreement, Trump definitely did not support the war, but there's no evidence that he was opposed to it beforehand, either. Then, in January of 2003, he avoided giving an answer, instead saying "Either you attack or you don’t attack," and calling on Bush to make a decision. (See the first article for the full transcript). This article from FactCheck.org and this one from PolitiFact investigate this claim, and the answer basically comes down to how you ask the question. The third parties in question are Gary Johnson and Jill Stein for two of the surveys. Stein was not an option in the Pew poll. If he maintained he opposed it in general (i.e. as it was happening), no one would question him. If he simply maintained that he opposed the war before it began, there would be reason to question it, but no one can really get inside his head to know. After the war was declared, he made increasingly negative statements about it. I haven't seen any polls which ask Sanders supporters about favorable/unfavorable status, but voting preferences make a good proxy. As with almost everything politics-related, there's shades of gray between the two poles of "He opposed the war" and "He supported the war". As it happens FiveThirtyEight just posted an analysis of Sander's endorsement of Clinton, which includes a breakdown of poll results on a closely related question. Before the war, he made what he calls a "very light" statement in favor of it to Howard Stern on 9/11/02, which reads to me, as if he hadn't given much thought to it either way.