You can read the judge's order here. The first thing to note is that the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington did not "nullify" or "ban" Executive Order 13769. Instead the Court issued only a Temporary Restraining Order (TRO), which only temporarily suspends the order while the case is being adjudicated. (4) that an injunction is in the public interest Another case, A.L.A. Schechter Poultry Corp. v. United States (often known as the "Sick Chickens Case"), was decided that same year, and reached a similar conclusion. These cases have never been overruled, and as such, Congress remains prohibited from delegating its lawmaking abilities to other branches of the government. However, the courts have a small amount of leeway. If an otherwise Unconstitutional statute can be fairly construed as meaning something that is Constitutional, then the court can interpret it in that way. This technique was famously used by Chief Justice Roberts in National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius, in order to find the individual mandate portion of the Affordable Care Act Constitutional. After finding that the individual mandate could not be justified by the Commerce Clause, he decided that it could be construed as a tax, and would thus be Constitutional: 

Note that TRO's are generally issued very early in the litigation process, before a full hearing is conducted. Judges therefore usually do not go into detail discussing the merits of each party's legal arguments, as they are pressed for time. The state of Washington argued that the President exceeded his statutory authority under the Immigration and Nationality Act, and violated the First and Fifth Amendments of the Constitution when issuing his order. Though Judge Robart found that Washington was likely to suceed on the merits of these arguments, he did not offer a detailed explanation as to why. For that, you are probably going to have to wait until either a preliminary injunction or the final judgment on the merits is issued. 

The bill granted the Supreme Court substantially more discretion over which cases it needed to hear, allowing the Supreme Court discretion over hearing a number of categories of cases that they previously were required to hear. Cases that may have previously been automatically placed on the Supreme Court's docket by appeals or writs of error could now be reviewed on a writ of certoriari, which could be granted or denied at the court's discretion. The bill was submitted to Congress, and Taft lobbied heavily for it before it was eventually passed. 

(2) that he is likely to suffer irreparable harm in the absence of preliminary relief However, Congress frequently assigns regulatory agencies the ability to create regulation, and no such assignment of regulatory authority has been ruled unconstitutional since Schechter and Panama Refining Co. This is because the Supreme Court has ruled that, when a grant of regulatory authority "lay[s] down by legislative act an intelligible principle to which the person or body authorized to [act] is directed to conform", Congress is not unconstitutionally delegating its ability to make laws. 

(3) that the balance of equities tips in his favor (2) An individual acting as President under this subsection shall continue so to do until the expiration of the then current Presidential term, but not after a qualified and prior-entitled individual is able to act, except that the removal of the disability of an individual higher on the list contained in paragraph (1) of this subsection or the ability to qualify on the part of an individual higher on such list shall not terminate his service. When the Articles were replaced by the current Constitution, that clause was dropped, since Canada clearly wasn't interested. Also, note that any body where a tie vote is possible will have some mechanism to resolve ties - usually it's either by explicitly giving tie-breaking power to someone (who may not have been involved in the original vote, such as the US Senate and the VP) or by giving someone's vote an inherent +.5 (so the result is always something like 20.5 to 20). 

Alexander Hamilton, only after the Constitution had been ratified, argued for a broad interpretation which viewed spending as an enumerated power Congress could exercise independently to benefit the general welfare, such as to assist national needs in agriculture or education, provided that the spending is general in nature and does not favor any specific section of the country over any other. 

The House chooses to read it as "the three highest numbers" and allows multiple third place people. The House says "less is permissible and more is not" and doesn't include any third-place finishers. 

It later revisited and expanded on this decision in discussing Social Security (1935) and whether the government could withhold funds from states (1987). In summary, so long as the money gathered from taxes is being spent for "the general welfare" (however Congress defines it), then Congress is permitted to impose the tax. 

The general way something like this would happen is that some national organization decides to push for it and starts lobbying all 50 states' legislatures. This could be the National Governors Association, in which case it would be each states' governor pushing on the legislature, but it could be any other organization. Additionally, anything like this will start being picked up by the news after a few states start voting for it, so other states' legislators will certainly know what's happening without any formal communication necessary.