As the SEP writes on Kant's Social and Political Philosophy: German Wiki on adiaphora is linked to the entry on rigorism which states, quoting the second passage from above, that Kant was rigorous for he didn't admit of anything "morally intermediate". This seems simply impossible, for even in the Perpetual Peace he thinks about what kind of acts are touched by the permissive law, and mentions adiaphora. Another book I consulted on this, unfortunately only available in German, states that the ones denying adiaphora in Kant's philosophy simply mistake "morally intermediate" things for adiaphora, and claims they aren't the same. Xodarap and volkerjaan already made some good points in their answers, however I am not convinced yet. My suggestion: You don't necessarily need the others to be 'real humans' to make a moral choice. But let's not forget Xodarap's argument that there is at least a chance that they are. 

In general, social contract theories assume that the act of joining society has to be 1) voluntarily 2) out of self-interest 3) based on strict reciprocity. As society makes demands on you, your rights and your behaviour, it seems plausible that you should have to agree to that in advance. We would then conclude that they do have the right to remain outside the society. You can find that thought expressed in the three major social contract theories, namely the Leviathan, Locke's Treatises and Rousseau's Social Contract. 

Just take a look at Kant's moral aims - the categorical imperative (together with the rational religion as presented in Religion within the Bounds of Bare Reason) serves the formation of the Kingdom of God on Earth (though the Categorical Imperative doesn't "serve" anything as a purpose [it has its purpose in itself], every action has its outcome, and the outcome of everybody obeying the CI plus living in a rational ethical community would be the Kingdom of God). That God, independent of our inability to recognize his nature, is postulated as the Christian God (at least I think so, should probably check that out). Kant proposes a totally different approach to religion and God, but his morality cannot be thought independently of them. Morality makes a human being free, and to be moral, they need the certainty that their felicity isn't contrary to morality (that's a thought that, too, can be found in Religion). Only the idea of a/the God can assure us that this isn't the case. The perfect community needs a God and a rational religion, not as foundation but as completion. 

The concepts thus seem to be interwoven. The Wiktionary on obligation and duty provided me with information on the etymology of the words. 

You said you practice some kind of utilitarianism. That would not make any sense if there were no other interests but yours, there would be no calculus then. Now the preference utilitarianism suggests an "equal consideration of interests" of all beings, not only humans, because pain and suffering are bad, regardless of your species etc. The calculus computes the optimal fulfilment of all these preferences. This would be reason enough not to run around and shoot the un-real humans in the head. 

I'm probably overseeing argumentational gaps. If there is something missing, I will gladly add that. If politics are to be morally just, then there can be no gap between what morals demand and what politics demand. While the individual is obligated by the moral principle, the categorical imperative, it doesn't apply to the government, which is an artificial person. Even if the government consists of only one person, the monarch acts not as an individual, but as the executive authority (ideally speaking, in theory), and as such, other demands are made to their actions. Right concerns only with external actions, that means the actions between individuals. An action is right if it can exist with everybody's freedom as a universal law (Metaphysics of Morals). While the categorical imperative demands that you apply it to your actions out of duty, right does no such thing - you can act right or not, but you must be prepared that others will coerce you, if you don't (which is impossible for internal actions). What I'm trying to show is that the actions of the government, even if it consists of only one individual, are external actions, therefore they are evaluated in aspect of legality, not of morality (in the narrower sense), and as the execution of a state, the government doesn't necessarily have to be following the categorical imperative to be executing right.