You should keep tyres topped up, natural leakage occurs and at the higher pressures you might expect 10-20 psi drift within a week. It is also easier to change on the front ring of a triple, on a compact you'll often need to change down a gear or two on the back when you move on to the bigger front ring, which means the chain is being yanked both ways and strained that bit more. But on the triple, you're not as far away, so you'll often not need to change the back at the same time as shifting the front. All other things being equal, run them as high as the tyre manufacturer recommends (there will be an advisory notice on the tyre wall). For most tyres of even medium quality, this should be at least 100psi, if not 110; higher end tyres might go up to 130+. (I generally inflate both tyres to similar pressures, but I think that there are some theories that if either were to be higher, that should be the rear, because it carries the majority of the weight.) The only caveat is in poor weather, where a reduction in pressure increases the contact area and introduces give, which should make for enhanced traction. You also get a lot more options; so you'll get the similar effective ratios in several ways, because the ranges on the big ring overlap more with the middle, and the middle with the little one. Also, the gears are closer together - so you're more likely to find something that works well at the right time. The idea used to be that a triple was just a double with an extra small, 'granny' ring (i.e. only grandmothers would need to use that one) so there was definitely some snobbery in a triple; that it was designed for those who needed a little more help. So on the club training run, you might be teased for it. (Google for 'triple granny ring' for various forum discussions and banter; don't worry, most of the responses are SFW.) Indeed, the higher the pressure and the harder the tyre, the fewer punctures you should expect as the surface should be better at repelling objects. Practically, what it tends to mean is not necessarily a bigger gear at the top (i.e. big front ring & small back ring) but a much lower gear at the bottom, for the hills. So with the same rear cassette you might compare a 50/34 double for a 50/39/30 triple (although a 50/34 is probably more what is called these days a 'compact'). That range of triple combined with a typical rear cassette of 12-28 would work for most hills. After @ChrisH's thorough answer (+1) I thought I'd give an experience report. The Vittoria Rubino tires you are using have similar wet grip to what I use (dry grip will be the same). The pressures you quote are good. Many old catalogs have been digitized and can be found in a similar way. As with any on bike experiments, do it in a safe location. When the kids were reaching the weight limit of the seat (18 kg IIRC) they were big enough to ride on a trailer-bike such as (Set it up properly with the seat at the correct height and angle). With the base of the thumb on the hoods, palms near 45°, one or two fingers touching the brifter. This is a common position, but it IMO it is the one that causes such problems. You can easily operate brakes from this position. If you have a source of the correct cotter pins then trying will not cost much. If you find them to be too much trouble then you can always such to plan B: a square taper BB.