Jesus couldn't be a philosopher, He is God 

To conclude, it seems a tenable position, but not definitive. In any case, the authors of the New Testament have written what he was supposed to have said, and either one finds it legitimate or not, and therefore lives accordingly or not. I cannot see considering Jesus a philosopher adding or removing legitimacy to that for anyone. 

But Jesus was a philosopher in a meaningful middle sense, the sense in which Confucius, Buddha, Muhammed, Solomon, Marcus Aurelius, and Pascal were philosophers. 

The rest of his book goes on to defend this line of logic - whether one agrees with the conclusion is certainly up for debate, but he puts forth a serious argument about all the many topics Jesus covered. 

Based on this, Einstein seems to have approved of de Broglie's work and therefore Bohmian Mechanics. 

This is a true statement, but it certainly applies to Socrates, and may apply to Thales, but there is little doubt that they count as philosophers. Leaving behind writings does not then seem necessary to be a philosopher. Of course, in the case of both Thales and Socrates, we primarily know about their philosophy through their students. 

In another sense, Jesus was a philosopher, but this second sense is also trivial. Everyone has some "philosophy of life." Even Homer Simpson is a philosopher. 

He is not the subject of an episode in the History of Philosophy Podcast. So, at least one scholar of philosophy considers Jesus Himself not worth discussing in a catalog of "the history of philosophy - without any gaps." 

If their commonality goes back as, Whitehead seems to trace it in "Science and the Modern World", to the Europe's experience of intellectual simplification through the 17th and 18th centuries, it can no longer be productively traced onward to Protagoras, as he was not a major source in that era. In fact, the entire era saw a marked departure from caring about ancient roots. 

I am not sure it is always Cartesian in flavor, as the core of these ideas goes back farther into our religious history, but mind-body dualism and what Daniel Dennett calls the 'Cartesian Theater of the Mind' is a very hard thing to escape in our culture. Descartes did not really invent the aspects of his philosophy that are still with us everywhere, but he captured them clearly for all time. And we have a great deal of difficulty escaping them. 

2) We are beings evolved to worship. Worship is a form of power-with. Not worshiping the things in our world that are more powerful than we are is a mistake, a betrayal of our basic nature, and in that a forfeiture of part of our collective mind. Why avoid this in particular? 

Big swathes of psychoanalysis, including the one I was trained into, do maintain that order is communicated and held trans- or interpersonally, and that it may therefore be thought of as a substance independent of an animal base. But this notion of substance is not the same notion of substance as we seen in the four states of matter. 

I've asked this question on /r/askphilosophy and /r/askhistory and although they were well received by votes, those threads have not generated any answers or insights. 

However, during the Medieval ages, it was largely lost to Western Europe, and part of the Timaeus was the only Platonic work available before the 12th century (when the Meno and the Phaedo were translated, but not widely read). Except for this, Plato's works were unavailable to the Latindom until the Renaissance when Marsilio Ficino translated the complete works of Plato in the late 15th century (see also note [1]). 

Finally, I put "(re-)" in the title, is that appropriate? Was the Republic considered to be Plato's most popular work in antiquity (say during the Hellenistic period, when many schools formed as descendants of Socrates as told by Plato; see note [2]), or did the ancients prefer a different text of his? 

When they re-emerged, did the Republic become Plato's most popular work right away, or is that a more recent development? How long was it until it could be considered a contender in the public's eye or among philosophers as one of the most influential or famous works of philosophy? 

I am not as interested in if the work was actually influential or widely read, but if it was considered to be influential and widely read. However, knowledge of the first can inform the second. 

It would seem that the Republic was at-least mildly important for the ancients, given that people like Zeno (founder of Stoicism) wrote book-length responses. However, I don't know how much response other dialogues by Plato had garnered, so this is not convincing evidence for me. 

Today, the Republic is often considered to be Plato's best known and most influential work. Some even consider it as one of the best known and most influential works of all of philosophy; at least it is a contender for this populist view. 

Notes After translating the works, it seems that Ficino commented on several dialogues like Parmenides, Sophist, Philebus, Timaeus, Phaedrus and (only) part of the Republic (the confusing numerology from 546a-e). Although he also uses some imagery from the Republic, like the cave, it seems to be mostly coming through engaging with Plotinus and not Plato's Republic directly.