The Treaty of Ryswick included a ratification of the loss of Franche-Comte and Alsace (including Strasbourg) by the Holy Roman Empire to France. The Charge of the Heavy Brigades (Household and Union) at Waterloo is another classic example of how to employ this stratagem to effect. Both D'Erlon's I corps and the British heavy cavalry are effectively hors de combat for the remainder of the afternoon, but the consequent limiting of Napoleon's options buys Wellington more time. 

Both the Mongol cavalry itself, and their style of warfare, was intended to minimize this exhaustion for their own troops, and maximize it for their opponents. Once the European knights were hors du combat from exhaustion, the Mongols closed in for the kill against the immobile infantry, while harassing the knights just sufficiently to prevent them from recuperating. 

Heavy cavalry was used to push an already tired opponent over the edge through the psychological effect achieved on the enemy. As the charge closes to within a hundred yards and the horses enter their gallop, the very ground quakes to such extent that the facing infantry are physically shaken, their knees forced to wobble by the very movement of the earth. Tired infantry, experiencing this for the first time, can be physically thrown to the ground like a landlubber in his first storm at sea. When the charge has been properly timed, the infantry breaks and the pursuit begins; first by the heavy cavalry to prevent a reforming of the infantry, then by the light cavalry to complete the slaughter. There are a number of successful square-breaking examples from the Napoleonic period, which can be classed into four categories: 

Following the madness of Henry Vi in 1453, and the concurrent reduction of English continental holding to Calais, the War of the Roses breaks out and the English nobility are distracted for another generation with the English succession. By the conclusion of that conflict at Bosworth Field in 1485, the French monarchy has succeeded in forming the first real continental nation state, and English claims to the French throne have been reduced to absurdity. Each of these charges would have required a much longer time period, perhaps 20 or 30 minutes, for the participants to rally, form up in units, and move to their respective start zones. During these periods there was ample time for designated individuals to run forward and collect arrows. However, this source for the Battle of Crecy explicitly states (my emphasis) 

For British nobility (as opposed to royalty above) it is traditional for the heir of a peer to hold a courtesy title selected from the lesser titles held by the peer. In the case of a Duke this is most often a title of marquess, but may be earl or viscount depending on the lesser titles available. The heir of an heir in turn may be granted a courtesy title (from those available) at least one step down from his parent, and so on, until only Lord is available. Note that while holding only a courtesy title, such an heir would be eligible to sit in the House of Commons, not (yet) being a Peer eligible to sit in the House of Lords. 

Yes, all my links are to Wikipedia - but this is an analysis question and I cannot think of any facts that are in dispute. The question is really about how best to interpret the accepted facts to deepen understanding of underlying causes and inter-relationships. The comment is made elsewhere that archers didn't collect arrows during a battle: 

Traditionally the heir of a noble holds a courtesy title one below the concrete title of his parent; this may or may not confer actual privilege of ownership of a fief. Younger children may have the same rank of courtesy title, or one down again depending on tradition. As an heir or other child approaches maturity they may, depending on tradition and the discretion of the hereditary title holder, be granted a real title either distinct from, or identical to, their former courtesy title. In modern times the concept has been extended to include such as former wives, and other related persons to the hereditary holder of the main title.