So the nature of god that a person made up tend to correspond to the nature of power that he possess. Politic evolves faster than religion. So the link got weaken over time. However, original religions may correlate well with original government form. True monotheism doesn't show up or be popular enough to become a state religion until Persia (zoroaster), China (Shang Ti), or Rome (Christianity). In Judaism, God alone is not only politically powerful, but by himself almighty. That is the claim of most absolute monarchy. That the emperor is chosen by the almighty and need only to answer to him. That emperor will still be emperor no mater how many rebels are fighting him as long as the supreme God still favor him. First I need to differentiate between monotheism with polytheism because even in polytheist religions, one god is quite often supreme. If I am very powerful, I would claim that my power is absolute. You just have to do what I said or else. So I will produce monotheism. Do what I said or else. I was surprised when I found that finding part of the tanach that support unambiguous monotheism before babylonian exiles is not easy. Do you know any? Persia as a large empire have that same point of view with zoroaster. So which one come first depends on which government system show up first. After a while, the link between form of government and number of God tend to get weaken. Religion is a very ancient way to impose our will against other. Rather than saying you got to do what I say, people tend to say, and still say, you got to do what my God says. So the kind of God I made up is decided by the kind of claim I found profitable to make. Religion is tale that enforce politics. Absolute monotheist/monotheist means a claim of absolute monarchy. Polytheists means a claim of non absolute monarchy. True monotheists means a claim of absolute monarchy for the whole world. Atheism means a claim for individual freedom. So if the country is absolute monarchy, then God tend to be monotheistic. If a country is republic or democracy or recognize men capability to topple their king, the religion reflects that and tend to be polytheistic. The supreme god in democracy tend to get toppled a lot unless he get consensus from his followers. However, there are no Roman era depictions of this handshake that I can find, and there are plenty of depictions of ordinary handshakes from the Roman era, so we have to conclude that it's attribution as a roman handshake is a later invention. That probably goes for the handshake itself as well, although that's less certain. Ref: Stefi Weisburd, "A forest grows in Antarctica". Science News. It's probably invented in the theatre to make the handshake look dramatic, and the prime suspect is Alma-Tadema himself, although this is pure conjecture. Almost all references to it is from 2010 and later, which probably is because "cool" teenagers seldom go to watch Shakespeare in a theatre. So this handshake didn't become a "thing" until it popped up in TV and Movies. It seems it is the TV-series "Spartacus" we have to blame/thank for this. Also, the cultures that colonized Greenland had a much less extreme climate to deal with than the antarctic climate, and perhaps more importantly, they could develop the technology for that gradually, while moving further north. A culture that settled Antarctica would have to go from at worst a climate where winters average around freezing, to a climate where winters average -10C to -30C. This a gradual development of tools to survive in that climate would not have been possible, which means settlements would not have been possible. Humans also got the technology for reliable oceanic travel at the earliest around two thousand years ago, so a prehistoric settlement would not have been possible, and a settlement in the last thousand or so years would likely have been accompanied by legends, like the Norse settlements in Greenland. We can be fairly certain that humans did not live on Antarctica, the continent, before the 20th century. It is possible that it would have been reached by sailors in prehistory, but making a viable settlement in Antarctica is highly unlikely because of the forbidding climate. The answer is a big "oh yes, definitely". And not just the Pyramids, Geophysics is a standard technique in modern archaeology. Ref: Trewby, Mary, ed. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia from Abbott Ice Shelf to Zooplankton. Firefly Books. ISBN 1-55297-590-8. Just some random things discovered with geophys: The earliest reference I can find comes from a 1937 commentary on Shakespeare's "Julius Caesar", although there are many later references that this handshake was taught to the actors by Lawrence Alma-Tadema in a 1898 staging of the play. It seems to have been often used in this play since, and I could find an example from a 2005 staging. Since the earliest member of the Genus Homo is younger than that (c:a 2.3Ma) Humans can not have been living there at that point. So earlier hotter periods are not a possibility for human settlements.