But, the bigger question is... 

The answer may vary among the Christians. It depends on how much we understand and accept God's Divine Plan. Jesus never said "I am God" nor "I am the Father" but said "I and my Father are one". The New Testament always address Jesus as the Lord, the Christ, the Word of God and the Son of God. Another popular argument is that Jesus said that spirit has no flesh and bones. However, this left me with another question, "Does the Bible say that spirit has no form?". Jesus didn't mention explicitly that spirit has no form, only that spirit has no flesh and bones. 

We have no right to question God our creator Mark 16:19 (NIV) After the Lord Jesus had spoken to them, he was taken up into heaven and he sat at the right hand of God. 

[11-15] Then I saw a great white throne and him who was seated on it. The earth and the heavens fled from his presence, and there was no place for them. And I saw the dead, great and small, standing before the throne, and books were opened. Another book was opened, which is the book of life. The dead were judged according to what they had done as recorded in the books. The sea gave up the dead that were in it, and death and Hades gave up the dead that were in them, and each person was judged according to what they had done. Then death and Hades were thrown into the lake of fire. The lake of fire is the second death. Anyone whose name was not found written in the book of life was thrown into the lake of fire. 

Jesus Christ is the Word of God, the promised Messiah who was with God from the beginning and born as man without sin to die for our sins. My view: It's hard to answer that Jews, Christians and Muslims worship the same God or not because everyone claim that they have the Truth. Even I myself will firmly say that what I believe is the Truth(Christianity). The deeper we go inside any of these religion, the bigger their differences are. 

Our source is the same: We all sprang from one root and there are many branches, more will come as time passes. First, there was only the Jewish religion. Secondly, Christianity sprang up from Judaism and the Third is Islam. Now, Mormons, Bahai and so on.... More branches will keep on coming. 1. Why is it difficult for many Christians to believe that God has a form? 

God has a plan for small events. For example, Jesus waited for his time for turning water to wine. 

Personally, I have no problem in believing that God has a spiritual form. God has the Biggest plan for eternity. Sacrifice for forgiveness of sin was not commanded prior to the time of Moses. Animal sacrifice was commanded as a Sin Offering through Moses. While Jesus was on Earth, God's will was to listen and follow him. After Jesus died on the Cross, God's will was to believe in the Cross. After Jesus ascended to heaven God's will was to establish the church. Now, God's will for us is to wait faithfully until Christ returns. God's divine plan is revealed one by one with the course of time. Therefore, Christians should always go in line with the Will of God and the Divine Plan.