That said, much of the best work in current philosophy of biology—which is currently the largest part of philosophy of science—arises from intimate familiarity with current biology. 

Philosophers of science generally — though not universally — dispute the idea that there is a scientific method, as opposed to many scientific methods. But leaving that point aside, if there were a single scientific method ... 

An institution in this sense is collection of things in the world, typically recognizable to insiders and outsiders. Among the examples of institutions in this sense are a country's legal system and higher education. We can recognize the institution of science as collection of people, organizations, activities, and events, inputs, and outputs, including things like researchers, laboratories, journals, books, courses, experiments, techniques, specialized terminology, theories, hypotheses, bodies of data, physical tools, field-stations, articles, and so forth. 

In Popper's case in particular, he did not describe falsifiability as a criterion of meaning — not even in the narrow sense of "cognitive significance" used by some positivists. So, no scientific method, including any form of falsificationism fails to be meaningful, or could fail to be meaningful, by virtue of unfalsifiability. 

What you've uncovered is not a problem for philosophical naturalism in particular, but rather a much more general problem: skepticism, the problem that we may not be able to know anything at all. Skeptics point out that any way we have of justifying knowledge of anything is itself open to criticism, like "But how do you know THAT?" or "Why do you trust THAT?" 

My speculation about your interlocutor is that he has read some of AJ Ayer's Language, Truth, and Logic and his attack on the cognitive-meaningfulness of normative statements like "stealing is wrong." But even from that position the inverse does not follow, that all unfalsifiable statements are normative. 

This exposes another kind of relationship among the sentences in the web, which might be its most interesting feature. Given the falsification of one of our beliefs, we have options about what to reject. We can reject only the most superficial edge beliefs, or we can reject more fundamental beliefs. We have a general psychological preference for making the most superficial revisions possible to our web of belief, but this is not justified by logic so much as preference. The implication of that is that even mathematical beliefs could in principle be revised in the face of a rejection of a belief about something observable (which is to say that the traditional analytic/synthetic distinction is blurred). If I am told that donuts at the store cost $1.99, my disposition is to give up the belief that I read the sign correctly. I could, however, give up beliefs about the definition of donuts, or the laws of nature, or addition.