From experience: If you self-publish, you have to take on all of the jobs the publisher usually does. Before you do that, you should assess your ability to do those jobs, your knowledge of how to do them AND your motivation to do them. My self-published book sold briskly when I was aggressively selling it by hand, and booking speaking engagements around it. But I rapidly reached my personal limit with doing that job. Academic Writing - As @what mentioned, academic publications rarely pay directly for writing, but the publishing pays indirectly in terms of helping academics get and secure teaching positions and other benefits. (Academics can make a great deal of money, however, if they edit or contribute to a popular textbook.) eBook - Another new high-tech publishing method, the eBook is delivered digitally to a device, and never printed. Most people go through a supplier such as Amazon, although it is possible to do this alone. The author gets a larger percentage of the cover price, but readers are typically willing to pay much less for these. eBooks are often assumed to be lower quality because the investment in getting them published is so much lower than with other methods. It probably goes without saying, but stay well away from writing/publishing books that are poorly written, or that have authors you've never heard of (and/or no demonstrable expertise in the field). If there's one commonality to good books on writing, it's that they all are well-written and presented. And don't buy a self-published writing book (unless it's actually about self-publishing). Contract Writing: This is typical for large franchised series, technical writing, ghostwriting and targeted non-fiction. You are paid a one-time fee for all publication rights, and you write what you are told to write. If you are submitting to a publisher that has their own guidelines, you should follow those, even if you are submitting many other places. They provide them for a reason, and following directions is the easiest gatekeeper to pass on the route to publication. C) Books on structure or themes: These are probably the most "dangerous" in terms of the cookie-cutter effect. But used wisely they can help you tap into themes that people respond to, and to avoid basic structural flaws. 

If you expect the primary reason that people will buy your book will be the sheer quality of the writing, and not the force of your personality (or your skill at networking), then DO NOT self-publish. You should be aware, however, that your book will probably need to be beyond excellent to even make it out of a publisher's slush pile ("decent" will not make the cut). (Self-promotion skills would also dramatically increase your success as traditionally published author, but your margins per book will be several magnitudes larger if you self-publish --assuming you don't go through a vanity press and/or do POD.) 

As far as best method of republishing, that really is a separate question, that has been addressed elsewhere here. It really depends on what your aims are. If the work is of general interest, and you have added solid supplemental materials, you might consider a traditional publisher, perhaps one that specializes in older work. If you are expecting it to be only of interest to your immediate family, Print-On-Demand is probably your best bet. 

There is no one single magic bullet that performs all the work of promoting your book for you. This is why it is so hard to self-publish successfully unless you are also a great salesperson. Most "name" publishers put some time and resources in to promotion, but these days, even with the best publisher, you are expected to handle much of your own promotion. There's a very short list of accolades that single-handedly convey success, and that's only because they generate so much widespread publicity on their own: The Pulitzer, the Booker, the Nobel, the Newberry and the Caldecott, Oprah's Book Club. Anything outside of those is nothing more than a boost in the right direction.