With the new system of elemental damage, I was wondering when given the choice (for a reroll at the Mystic) if I should pick elemental damage over another historical damage stats (like Crit Chance or Crit Damage) ? How does elemental damage affect my overall DPS compared to those stats ? Whenever you want to see your real eDPS (effective DPS) change go here : Character calculator. On the right part : Select your sever > Put your battletag > select the character you want to test > click on "Create Build" > Simulate Gear > Select your manticore and edit the stats. While doing this on the right you will see the evolution of your eDPS depending on the weapon stats. If I had to Chestrun I would go in Adventure Mode > Act V > Fortress of pandemonium lvl 2 (road before Malthael). There are between 6 and 8 chests and the area is pretty straightforward once you've spotted where are the portal on the map. With my Demon Hunter it takes no more than 2 min to get all chests and reset so I'd farm here. A Rule of thumb for Vitality vs Dex/Str/Int choice : I would like to know 2 things : Reaper of Soul has introduced with Kadala a system of gambling. I know that you can get legendaries from her but I don't know if every legendary in the game can be obtained by gambling. I've just tested and you gain ~2500 dps and ~17500 eHP 2. From this point it depends : There are many ways to get legendaries but so far the fastest way I've found are... If I extract the legendary power from a legendary which orange affix roll within a certain range (e.g. The Dead Man's Legacy 50-60) but the roll is too low (let's say 51%). If I later loot a 60% version of the legendary, can I extract it again to upgrade the cubed version ? Yes there is a chance. The only legendaries that are not given by Kadala are Horadric Cache Only items How do I boost up my survivability ? 2) Once you have your desired legendary, use the receipe Law of Kulle until you get the desired affixes. Yes it is perfectly possible. Every time you kill a Rift Guardian in a normal Nephalem Rift, you get a chance (up to 100% chance in Torment 6) to recieve a Greater Rift key stone. They stack in your inventory by level : up to stack of 100, after 100 you start a new stack. It also means you can have several Keystone of the same level at once. If we are talking about infinite spawning mobs late in the game there is one location in act V that is pretty famous. Just follow those steps : Survivability in Diablo 3 takes in account 2 components : toughness, and healing. While those stats are easy to understand, the mechanic behind and between them and how to take profit of both is not always obvious. I'll try to explain to you how to take advantage of the different affixes you have in the game in order to become really survivable and have a great sustainability. which is in my opinion more accurate. Sharing When I was farming the Torment-only set for Demon Hunter, I've found that forming groups of 4 Demon Hunters and farm together was the most efficient. Why ? Because if you drop a piece that you already have you can share it with someone who needs it. Since this works both ways farming with 4 Monks should get you this set way faster. In order to find people to party with you can head to the Blizzard's forums (European or United States depending on your server) and create a topic to find people or/and join a Class-specific (Monk in your case) community in game. Open the community menu and you can filter by Class. If I'm not mistaken the biggest Monk Community is called "The Temple" but I'm not a 100% sure. However you should find quite easily. As mentioned by @Hurda in the comments, when all co-op players leave, the game will prompt you with the option to re-hire your previous companion, who will join you again without having to go back to town. Early on, my typical strategy when surrounded was to Frost Nova, try to deal some damage, then when they were un-frozen, Wave of Force for the stun and either more damage or run away. The Evocation passive skill you get at level 13 is great for keeping these up. Don't give up Intelligence if you can bear it. Non-stat abilities (especially Magic Find) this early in the game are not your friend - you will be tempted to give up good equipment for them, and it isn't worth it. Intelligence will increase your damage and resistances, and should be well above all your other stats. I don't care if those rare boots have 9% Faster Run walk and 10% MF - you use those +20 Int boots over them, any day of the week. That being said, if it isn't a big damage hit, Vitality is also critically important for staying alive. It is also confirmed in that same thread that the male Barbarian from Diablo III is not the same Barbarian from Diablo II, even though this is often speculated - since that was an original plan by Blizzard that was scrapped due to gender differences, and difficulty in plot integration. Note that I've modified the bold values based on Rapida's suggestion. I found another thread which confirms that the actual values are15% per stack, up to 75% total. There is a pretty good guide over at d3db here. It includes a spawn point strategy for farming the Act I ghosts. The diablowiki also has a concise listing here. Original Answer (with just a few edits where new details are known) If you are specifically interested in uniques (monsters with Purple names and "flavor text") you can find a list here. These monsters, in addition to more general elites/champions, tend to have special traits which give them unique powers. Drury Brown - a unique Ghostly Murderer - found in the Defiled Crypt - Act 1