We typically represent time by real numbers, possibly extended to include an idealized point in the infinite past ("minus infinity") or infinite future ("plus infinity"). However, we can also concieve of orderings of time in which there isn't just one time in the infinite past, but entire timelines in the infinite past as well. Summary Whether there is anything actually contingent going on depends in part on your philosophy of mathematics, on your interpretation of probability or of the idea of 'contingency', or perhaps merely on what the most convenient way to speak about the subject is. As someone with a mathematical background, you might appreciate that there's a difficulty in expressing the concept no two things are identical. In the way in which we use the word 'two' here, it's tautological — we mean to imply objects which are distinct from one another, in which case they are ipso facto not identical. Which birds do we accept as chickens? Those that behave in a particular way, and in particular which we can understand in a particular way. Their eggs taste a particular way, their meat tastes a particular way, and they behave in a particular way. We care about how they act and how they taste because we are interested in them as features of the environment which we will interact with (perhaps to eat them). The concept of a chicken is something we have invented to distinguish some animals from others. If we didn't care about the difference between a chicken and a pheasant, we wouldn't have separate ideas for chickens and pheasants. (Just because we have different words for things doesn't make them different, but it does mean that we do care about what differences we think they have.) The concept of 'chicken' is a tool which we use to understand some of the animals we know about. One could say that the Halting Problem indicates that unpacking the implications of logical propositions is in principle only simple if you are lucky enough that the proposition itself is one with a simple structure. In any logical framework which is sufficiently complicated to be interesting, the fact of what the logical consequences are may not even exist, from a constructivist point of view. Time can consist of a sequence of "epochs", just as we mark out time as a sequence of instants, or hours, or years, or centuries. If we declare that the Continuum Hypothesis is false, do there suddenly exist for us objects, whose existence were previously only contingent? Is the power set of the real numbers — an analytically defined construct — a different object depending on whether or not we assert the Continuum Hypothesis to be true? This does not seem a particularly constructive way to consider things; but tastes vary. But there is another difference with chickens: we may see small chickens or large chickens (a single sort of chicken with different properties), but we never see egg sixes or apple sixes (a single sort of number with different attributes). We do see six eggs or six apples. In this case, the number is not playing the role of a noun, but an adjective. So all this talk of 'chickens', which are objects, has been misleading. What we should have been thinking is something like: "Is red real"? "Is big real"? Numbers are concepts. They are our tools to help us to understand useful things about the world. They are very, very, very useful tools; and versatile enough that we have every reason to believe that they can be used to describe any pattern that we can comprehend (and many that we cannot comprehend) regardless of whether that pattern is ever realized in the material world. But there is no more reason to believe that numbers (such as Three) exist independently, any more than there is to think that there is a Platonic Red which exists independently of any red object. which says that there is an object y, such that the only object in the universe is y. Mathematics can certainly describe the singular, for instance, in the instance of singleton sets. Prash's answer describes this perfectly well in terms of predicates: If you order the finite whole numbers, what you get is a well-order. So, those who like to explore foundations of mathematics through set theory usually use the same construction to build both the finite ordinals and the finite cardinals. You may see some people describing cardinals by 1, 2, 3, ... and distinguishing them from ordinals by writing the ordinals as 1st, 2nd, 3rd, etc.; however, the usual mathematical construction for both is to define As always, it is important to distinguish reality from how we speak of it, to not mistake propositions for facts, or words for properties, however we usually endeavor to have the former represent the latter. If you believe that the world is modeled well enough by logic that you're tempted to say that the world "seems logical", it follows that there are likely to be an infinite hierarchy of physical phenomena of increasing complexity, to the point where there will be incomprehensible phenomena about which we can scarcely form any intelligent ideas; where in the end the only thing there is to do is to watch them unfold with time. About cardinals and ordinals Cardinals describe a notion of size. That is: how many of some type of object are there? In this respect, cardinals are a generalization of the whole numbers: 0, 1, 2, etc. They are an appropriate way to describe the size of a set. As Mozibur indicates, we do this by matching up elements of the set we wish to measure, with another set. (This is exactly what we do when we count: when you recite "one", "two", "three", "four", and so forth, you are giving each of the items you count a temporary name, matching an item with the name of a number to find out what cardinal describes the size of the set. For infinite sets, we also apply this idea of matching the elements of a set with those of a cardinal number.)