This link talks about the Titles of Nobility Amendment, the 27th Amendment, and ratification quorums. The more interesting question comes when you count the 3/4 of the states that need to ratify it. Two amendments in particular have raised questions. Additionally, the valuation of real estate, even today is done for two reasons: To help a mortgage lender know what a reasonable loan to extend on a property would be (most banks will not lend more than 95% of the value of a property) To help governments figure out how much property tax would be do. For a government acquiring property, neither situation applies, so there is no need to assign an actual value. So, again, it really boils down to "How much can we get for as little give as possible." It's haggling, pure and simple. I doubt there was any analysis done at all, except "Can we afford this?" and "Does this seem like a good deal?" We're talking the 1800s here, not the same sophisticated real estate and finance regime we have now. I'm not saying the people in the 1800s were stupid by any stretch - I'm just saying, don't apply modern notions of finance and real estate to a gentle mans game of yore. On the flip side, there is a common misconception about the Titles Of Nobility amendment that has many people thinking that it should have been the 13th amendment to the Constitution. There are stories that Virginia passed it in 1816, but the fact was not communicated before additional states were added to the Union, unfairly leaving it out. In fact, the amendment was never that close to being ratified, but it proves the point that the amendment must pass 2/3 of the Congress and 3/4 of the states at the time of ratification. First, the 27th Amendment initially only needed 10 states to ratify it- but it languished so long that for years it just sat. Over the years many states ratified the "no congressional pay raise without an election amendment" as a protest, but when Michigan passed it in 1992, it became the 38th state to do so. EDIT: Another factor that would drive customers to demand whole animal food or unprocessed food would be fear of adulteration or substitution. A can of tinned meat might be horse instead of beef, but the entire cow standing there is pretty much a cow. Government officials were not exempt, and could have been tried for treason or other crimes. The official in charge of Andersonville Prison camp was executed for his actions there, as War Crimes. Jefferson Davis was imprisoned for about 2 years, but was let go on bail even before Johnson's pardon. Davis wanted a trial, but the US government decided it wasn't worth the fuss. In the US, these days, the national inspection and labeling rules are such that few to none worry much about a package of meat in the store being some other product besides what is stated, and wholesome. The soldiers and officers of all Confederate Armies were exempted from treason trials by the terms of Lee's surrender to Grant. They were allowed to go home unmolested as long as they ceased to make war on the US. All other CSA forces soon surrendered on the same terms and also were exempt from treason trials.