Steam now has inbuilt support for creating new "Steam Libraries". What you can try is logging in at an unusual time where hardly anybody is online, like European morning. Those servers with 23/24 players (or similar) are probably entirely bots; go ahead and blacklist those. They're typically 24/7 servers or idle "trading" servers. You can also build a foil game badge out of foil cards. That badge, however, cannot be upgraded. Now, there'd be no such equivalent for this argument if I ran the same numbers on TF2. You could argue that somebody would hold onto Engineer cards because they love playing Engineer. It still sounds dumb, but the above counterpoint doesn't apply. OTOH, the numbers are still pretty clear there as well: In other words, it's 0.00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001% likely that the difference in the numbers is due to really bad luck. First off, why pay attention to the Steam Market numbers? It's the closest approximation to the real thing we have, and while it is skewed in a way, we must make do with it. What does that 10^-66 number mean anyway? Wikipedia says (annotations in italic are mine): What does .229 mean? Let's see what this page has to say: By gameplay, of course, I mean "have the game running", and by "have the game running" I mean "the border of your avatar changes from blue to green." For example, for Trine 2, idling in the launcher counts as gameplay. "But badp," I hear you cry. "Some of those games are more popular than others. It's obvious that the cards of the more popular games are more sought after than the rest! Who the hell likes soccer anyway?" It turns out roughly as many people like dragons as they like soccer; just look at the publicly available numbers for how many people are playing what games. Skyrim and Football Manager are close to the top, and yet there are 26% more Football Manager cards than Skyrim cards. Actually running the number, again, gives us little doubt on the matter: (see the numbers without outliers) Here r² = 0.052. In other words, a difference of 1% in popularity would mean a 0.05% difference in cards available on the market. That's very weak correlation, and that shouldn't be surprising: each card, on its own, is pretty much worthless. Only the full set is useful. You know what's a better way to show your allegiance to a game rather than another? Crafting a game badge for it, then showing it off on your profile. Or being level 10 and featuring it for free on your profile. From personal experience, it appears that you can get a drop every ~15 minutes so long as you restart the game after every drop. We don't need to care too much about estimating the proportions between these user groups, the amount of cards each gets and the amount of cards each sells because we can only assume that card distribution does not change based on what kind of user you are. The only difference is that, if card drops are uniformly dropped, the dupes they'll sell and buy on the market will also be uniformly dropped; otherwise, they won't. Since the hypothesis is "card drops are dropping uniformly" we don't need, or want, to try and adjust for this skew that shouldn't be there in the first place. My reference material on Statistics says that it needs to be smaller than the (1-α)th percentile of the χ² distribution with 10 − 1 = 9 degrees of freedom. Realistically, we can find the value of α where the two quantities are the same (the so-called p-value); if α is close to 0, the expected distribution is "wrong"; if α is close to 1, observation matches expectation. Now, I've kicked him from the group and flagged his account, but... it's a public group! Anybody can join. We'd rather not change that and still keep him out. It would be easy to speculate on why this is the case. It could be a bug the likes of which we've heard about with Microsoft. It could be intentional in order to create a more interesting economy where not everything is worth precisely as much as everything else, and let entrepreneuring users try and invest money in the system (remember, Steam gets a cut of all transactions; more transactions, more cuts.) It doesn't really matter though. I hope it's now clear that it's a fact: card drops are not equally likely across the board.