is forbidden to benefit from privileges previously granted; The Church holds that abortion is murder; it is the extinction of an existing life, with a soul. The prevention of life being created, although contrary to the natural order and the purpose of marriage and sex, is not murder. The 1983 Code of Canon Law says 218 Cf. Jn 14:18; 20:22; Mt 28:20; Acts 2:33. 219 Lumen Gentium 7. 234 Jn 3:29. 235 Mk 2:19. 236 Cf. Mt 22:1-14; 25:1-13; 1 Cor 6:15-17; 2 Cor 11:2. 237 Cf. Rev 22:17; Eph 1:4; 5:27. 238 Eph 5:25-26. 239 Cf. Eph 5:29. 240 Eph 5:31-32. 241 Mt 19:6. 242 St. Augustine, Enarrationes in Psalmos 74:4:PL 36,948-949. However, prophylactic contraception does not attract such a penalty, although any act is intrinsically evil. Yes, there is a difference. On the matter of abortion, the Catechism and Canon Law is explicit. It is a grave offence with instant excommunication. The penalty applies to everyone involved, including the mother if she consents and any medical personnel. Note that excommunication is not a punishment. It's a recognition that the person is outside the Church, it's a separation. Canon Law shows what the result of that separation is: basically, the heretic is cut off from receiving the benefits of the Church, including its ministries — the one exception to that would be Reconciliation (Penance). In a word, No: there is no Catholic teaching which differentiates the Body of Christ and the Bride of Christ. The Catechism of the Catholic Church holds that the Church is the Body of Christ and the Bride of Christ. It's special because the PLO is not a sovereign body, that is, it is not a national or supra-national body like other countries or the United Nations or European Union. The Sovereign Military Order of Malta is headquartered in Rome, and is "widely considered a sovereign subject of international law" [according to a quote in Wikipedia]. That said, and notwithstanding Canon 980, it would be possible for a priest to withhold absolution from a penitent until she has reported any crime to the authorities herself. The priest may legitimately have doubts about the penitent's penitence until she accepts the consequences of her actions. 1754 The circumstances, including the consequences, are secondary elements of a moral act. They contribute to increasing or diminishing the moral goodness or evil of human acts (for example, the amount of a theft). They can also diminish or increase the agent's responsibility (such as acting out of a fear of death). Circumstances of themselves cannot change the moral quality of acts themselves; they can make neither good nor right an action that is in itself evil. Adam prefigures Jesus, the "second Adam". Just as Adam was perfect and became sinful, so Christ took on sin and conquered the death which Adam brought upon humanity. Just as woman was taken out of man, so the Bride of Christ is united to him in one Body which is the Church. This is the doctrine expounded by St Augustine and quoted in the Catechism: The artificial creation of life is not inherently wrong. But In the case of an offender confessing outside the Confessional, there is a duty to report, and to encourage the offender to tell the authorities herself. Canon 1331 §1 lays down what happens to excommunicated persons, and §2 what happens once the excommunication is formally recognised to have occurred: to exercise any ecclesiastical offices, ministries, or functions whatsoever or to place acts of governance. Within the Confessional Canon Law specifically and absolutely forbids the priest from divulging anything sacramentally confessed (Can 983). Outside the Confessional The requirement to maintain the secrecy of the sacramental confession does not bind anything confessed outside the sacrament of Reconciliation. The way in which artificial fertilisation and the methods associated with in vitro creation of life can be and are inherently wrong. The expression of sperm is generally outside the conjugal act and “is another sign of this dissociation [between the unitive act of love and the act of procreation]: even when it is done for the purpose of procreation, the act remains deprived of its unitive meaning: ‘It lacks the sexual relationship called for by the moral order, namely the relationship which realizes “the full sense of mutual self-giving and human procreation in the context of true love”’.54” Even though the creation of life is good, it cannot justify a sinful method. An adult in an official or lay position of trust within the Church cannot expect to remain anonymous when a referral is made.  Is in vitro fertilisation a sin? 1849 Sin is an offense against reason, truth, and right conscience; it is failure in genuine love for God and neighbor caused by a perverse attachment to certain goods. It wounds the nature of man and injures human solidarity. It has been defined as "an utterance, a deed, or a desire contrary to the eternal law."121 They should be offered support by the Local Safeguarding Representative to do so. Is in vitro fertilisation contrary to the eternal law? to have any ministerial participation in celebrating the sacrifice of the Eucharist or any other ceremonies of worship whatsoever; The first port of call in determining what the Catholic Church teaches is always the Catechism. If question can be answered by fundamental principles, the answer is likely to be found there. So: first it's necessary to examine the fundamental principles. In the United Kingdom, it is not a criminal offence not to report or make an allegation of child abuse. Even if such a report is made, a priest could not give evidence such as "X told me that she had," because that's hearsay. Additional primary evidence would be required.