The WRAF seems to have been more integrated with the RAF from its foundation in 1949, with about 80% of trades open to women from the beginning. The first female aircrew were in 1962, and training was fully integrated by 1970. Operational female aircrew happened in 1990, and the services merged in 1994. Again, there was plenty of time for retraining. Oswald wasn't eligible for any of the current campaign medals, or any of the service and training awards, most of which were created after his death. For both organisations, their advantage is that it's easier to integrate their officers into the larger uniformed services than civilians. This is useful in wartime: essentially, they provide reserves of scientifically trained officers for the military. Other countries use more normal military reserve services, or commission civilians when necessary. The drawback is that the government can't get rid of them so easily as civilian staff, when it wants to. I don't know why Hitler wanted a very fast bomber, but there are a couple of obvious possibilities: The transition process was long enough to give plenty of time for retraining. The USPHS Commissioned Corps descends from the Marine Hospital Service, which was first set up in 1798 to provide medical care to seamen, including naval personnel from 1799. In 1870, it was re-organised as the Marine Hospitals Service, whose first chief was Dr John Maynard Woodworth. He wanted his doctors to be a mobile work force, to be stationed wherever they were needed, and mandated uniforms. As a federal health-care organisation, the MHS' remit expanded in many cases where the federal government needed to provide medical services. Since their hospitals were in major ports, they became responsible for quarantine and other public health functions. In 1912, they became the Public Health Service. Their hospitals began to close after budget cuts during the Nixon administration, and are all gone now. The Commissioned Corps has survived as a public health organisation, and as a provider of medical staff to the other uniformed services. She also strongly objected to comparing a knight's horse with a messengers'; that is a little like comparing the Chevy 2500 she uses to haul her horse trailer with my ex-wife's old Fiat. Sure they both have 4 wheels, but if you hook the fiat up to the trailer, all you're going to get is laughter. The Knight may charge into battle atop a destrier that is some form of draft horse, but he will ride a smaller horse to battle (a "rouncy"), and include a few pack horses in the train. The fuel consumption for the draft horse is going to be rather different than that for the rouncy. At the request of several that I provide sources, I spent 15s searching youtube for video of pre-modern formation melee fighting. The narrator notes the requirement for coordination and teamwork. This is a very loose shield wall. Example - note that if the formation were encircled, the officer helping them to navigate and move would be inside the wall and blind (or dead). Participants in the turtle formation are effectively blind. It is very difficult to coordinate the activities within the turtle. If you stop to chat about which way you're going to move, you'll die. What they are doing is very difficult; they do have an officer shouting commands. They don't have people hammering weapons on those shields constantly. THey're walking on a flat field with effectively no obstacles. Imagine how that formation adapts to dead bodies, discarded weapons, mud, etc. Any time the formation slips, the encircling opponent will slip a weapon inside the resulting flaw. There are a number of references to European mercenaries serving in various Muslim armies, but in most cases it is unclear whether any of them were knights and many of the examples are after the start of the Crusades. Did navies during WW2 have regulations as to how many days a submarine could remain at sea without sailors getting shore leave? The US Balao-class and Gato-class submarines had enough provisions to stay on patrol for 75 days. Information on other long-range submarines has proved hard to find. O'Brian also notes that British ships were sometimes built Further west, the ability of Muslims, Christians and Jews to live together in peace up to the 10th century is well-illustrated by Spain: The reasons why the French didn't extend the line (initially at least) along the France-Belgium border are clear enough (they didn't want to offend their allies the Belgians). The belief was that the French army could defend the shorter (non-Maginot) area, but this seems to be contradicted by the extension of the line after the Franco-Belgian accord fell apart (though the extended section was not of the same strength as the original section). Christian soldiers (unclear if this reference includes knights) serving a Muslim ruler prior to the Crusades is also mentioned by Hussein Fancy in The Mercenary Mediterranean This did not continue, of course, but even so extremism was not prevalent at the time and in-fighting among both Christian and Muslim rulers was very common. In such cases, rulers looking for mercenaries were not necessarily going to be fussy about the religion of those they hired. Also, when the Normans became a power in southern Italy, it was at the expense of both Christian and Muslim rulers. Brian Todd Carey Warfare in the Medieval World Note: All the figures cited for fighter planes refer to operational planes. It seems fair to assume that the number of operational fighters was not hugely different from the number of available pilots.