At some point, saying that the behavior is determined (but by nothing that we can measure, and even with a proof that there is (probably) not anything local we could measure) starts to be unwieldy. It's not a useful description of how the world operates. After all, we say that dice are "random" when we know perfectly well that classical mechanics tell us all we need to know to calculate how dice will land given initial conditions; it's just so complicated that we never bother. Likewise, if the polarization of photons really is deterministic, it's almost impossible to imagine that it matters. Hence, the sensible scientific conclusion is that some quantum mechanical processes are random (unlike dice, we cannot determine how they will go, have no leads on finding out, and have good evidence that our normal methods will fail). Counterfactuals are different yet again, having to do more with the relationship between models of reality and reality than any particular empirical study. It's not clear to me that the interesting cognitive science thing about counterfactuals is that they don't correspond to reality because nothing needs to correspond to reality in the brain (what is remarkable is that many things do!). And so it's not clear to me that there is even a phenomenon there that you're studying. For Kant, the answer is transcendental schema. To start, Wikipedia gives a decent overview: See "Existence" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existence , although you will probably find more thorough literature on it under the arguments against the Ontological argument for the existence of God. For example: http://www.existence-of-god.com/ontological-objections.html (section labelled "Kant’s Objection to the Ontological Argument: Existence is not a Predicate") http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ontological_argument#Kant:_existence_is_not_a_predicate I think you'd be hard-pressed to prove that science's reliance on "necessity" has anything to do with philosophy "being taken seriously as a cultural form". To be a philosopher was once a very respectable position to have. The difficulty is that it has almost always been the province of the wealthy — if you were of the working class you more likely had to spend most of your day putting food on the table. To have access to the rich philosophy that came before us, you had to have had the luxury of an education, and even then, the logical mind for it. Philosophy's current position, I would argue, is simply because A) in our modern society being a philosopher won't get you paid and we tend to greatly value money, and B) the ideas/concepts remain rather obtuse to the layperson. Most people, I'm afraid, do not have the training, discipline of mind, or even willingness to learn philosophy because it will appear to have no practical use to them. I can't see how removing "necessity" from philosophy would change that. However it seemed to me that there was an inherent contradiction in statements of the type "Science doesn't have all the answers" or "Science can't answer all questions". This is hinged on what is meant by "answering a question". It seems to me that to answer any significant question is to provide 2 things: If you resort to older definitions of philosophy, when the natural sciences were considered part of philosophy, then the answer would be different. Questions in physics and mathematics might - emphasis on might - be independent of the human observer, but not questions of philosophy. Has anyone examined the relationship between qualia and the fact/value dichotomy? Here you are referring to the problem of underdetermination of theories by experiments, a well known issue in philosophy of science which was most famously addressed by W.V.O. Quine. See here and here for details on this issue. This is why they objected to Hegel, Heidegger, and other who used the same style. Statements about "Geist", "The Owl of Minerva", "Dasein", "Nothingness nothings", etc...fell in the same category as "unlucky" in that there was no way to verify them empirically, and so their philosophy was meaningless. Their goal wasn't the analysis of language for its own sake, but the elimination meaningless statements from philosophy, so that the only statements that remained were similar to those of the sciences - in the process they would get rid of metaphysics, which they thought a pejorative term.