In many cases, if you omit content, it will lead the listener to go investigate on their own and arrive at a point where their own understanding is sufficient that you can finally tell them the truth. On the other hand, if you tell them before they are ready, they may interpret that truth wrongly, and then misuse it. In short, the mere act of telling somebody a truth does not always cause them to hear a truth. In such situations, omission may lead them closer to the truth than voicing that truth. 

Also, consider that, if you believe that there is no metaphysical source of ethics nor morality, the human species has been undergoing exactly the process you describe for a hundred thousand years, and our system ethics is actually the result of that process. If this is indeed the case, you will have to explain why your process should be preferable to the existing one. Doing so will likely involve understanding the existing one, which has been the subject of philosophy for thousands of years. Despite this, Kant still maintains that God is necessary for morality to maintain what is often called the "proportionality thesis". This is the idea that people will receive happiness in proportion to the degree that they are moral. Kant recognized that this was not true in this world and make God a "postulate of moral reason" (at least in the Critique of Practical Reason) in order to make it so that being moral makes sense in terms of fairness (by becoming eternally fair). 

Problem 2: Conflicting Principles A second issue you raise is the question of conflicting principles. This is a common objection to Kant's ethics. Sometimes the objection is raised is confused terms that misunderstand what Kant is doing, so we'll skip over Kant and the specific issues his moral philosophy raises. 

Second, there's an important complication in understanding what to make of this particular maneuver. In the claim to go "beyond good and evil", are we abandoning morality altogether or are we replacing morality with a new form of morality? 

Limiting ourselves in the above ways, the problem becomes a series of variations on: can a Utilitarian framework ever make it such that the benefits of some given research (benefits calculated in whatever units of measure we are using in our utilitarianism) outweigh the costs of the forms of harm involved in achieving that research (e.g. the loss we associate with the lack of informed consent)? It seems much harder to prove either preference or rule utilitarians could allow this regardless of what they want to maximize. To repeat, the justification is following Kant precisely that you take something to be of absolute worth and set this in contrast with things that have a price. Things of absolute worth are not subject to calculation. I don't think there's any one answer that all will accept on this question, but to simplify the sorting process for you, the real question you are asking is: "What is a state?" and then within this specifically the question of how such a state relates to its members. A good place to look is Peter Singer's "Famine, Affluence, and Morality" where he artfully uses views and positions that aren't his to highlight the effectiveness of his claim even outside his framework.. 

In short, the mere act of telling somebody a truth does not always cause them to hear a truth. In such situations, omission may lead them closer to the truth than voicing that truth. 

Also, consider that, if you believe that there is no metaphysical source of ethics nor morality, the human species has been undergoing exactly the process you describe for a hundred thousand years, and our system ethics is actually the result of that process. If this is indeed the case, you will have to explain why your process should be preferable to the existing one. Doing so will likely involve understanding the existing one, which has been the subject of philosophy for thousands of years. In many cases, if you omit content, it will lead the listener to go investigate on their own and arrive at a point where their own understanding is sufficient that you can finally tell them the truth. On the other hand, if you tell them before they are ready, they may interpret that truth wrongly, and then misuse it. 

One case where I think it would be very easy to justify this would be if the person in authority is incapable of properly conveying the information. If I may use the terminology of speach acts, one often comes across situations where it is not possible to cause the correct perlocutionary act while speaking the whole truth because the listener cannot fathom the desired act. We see this in child rearing, when dealing with difficult topics such as death. We see this in religion, trying to convey the beautiful certainty our particular religion offers. We see this in all sorts of aspects of life such as love (how many times have people refused to explain what being in love feels like because they know they will fail to capture it).