Furthermore, the last sentence really seals it: This is false. The hand will play out as usual with the flop, turn, and river. The rule hound at your table would have a point if your player pushed in two hypothetical $750 chips without declaring a raise. In this case, the removal of any single chip would cause the amount to fall below the calling limit, and the case would be identical in spirit to the example at the end of rule 43. This incident really underscores the importance of announcing your raises either by saying "raise" or declaring a number of chips that you wish to bet as you place your chips. This lowers your exposure to both angle-shooters and the overzealous busybodies that think they know the rules! I'm not sure where your friend heard this or why he believed it. There are plenty of televised heads-up tournament matches available with a quick youtube search where you can see how heads-up hands get played. My strategy was simple since the blind level was 30 min i could play a decent poker and choose wisely my hands (30 min live = +- 15 min online)Early when blinds are low people tend to play more but after some point they getting tighter and tighter until at some point you know they only play KQ+ off (for most players) Problem is that if you get someone angry it will be harder in the table to steal blinds since everyone is watching every movement of you(because other guy is flaming you or whatever). I build up my stack by stealing blinds and making some bluffs when i see a weak person. After i got a good stack(30B+) i try to play suited connectors like 56 suited. Try to avoid battles against some people unless you know you can win(don't bluff them). Try to be a ghost or a spotlight it only depends on your play style. I think the player at your table was misinterpreting the rule. This is a raise. I'm not sure where your friend heard this or why he believed it. There are plenty of televised heads-up tournament matches available with a quick youtube search where you can see how heads-up hands get played. To me, this says that in order for it to be considered a call, there cannot exist a situation where one chip is removed and the resulting value of chips does not at least equal a call. The corollary of this is that if there does exist at least one way in which a single chip can be removed and the remainder still constitutes a call, then it is a raise. In your case, the $500 chip can be removed and the amount in play is still sufficient for a call, so the action constitutes a raise. The rule hound at your table would have a point if your player pushed in two hypothetical $750 chips without declaring a raise. In this case, the removal of any single chip would cause the amount to fall below the calling limit, and the case would be identical in spirit to the example at the end of rule 43. The fundamental difference between live and online are: My strategy was simple since the blind level was 30 min i could play a decent poker and choose wisely my hands (30 min live = +- 15 min online)Early when blinds are low people tend to play more but after some point they getting tighter and tighter until at some point you know they only play KQ+ off (for most players) Problem is that if you get someone angry it will be harder in the table to steal blinds since everyone is watching every movement of you(because other guy is flaming you or whatever). I build up my stack by stealing blinds and making some bluffs when i see a weak person. After i got a good stack(30B+) i try to play suited connectors like 56 suited. Try to avoid battles against some people unless you know you can win(don't bluff them).