Many legal scholars argue that the only possible redress is impeachment — itself a politicized, drawn-out process. But there may be another route. If the pardon is challenged in court, we may discover that there are, in fact, limits to the president’s pardon power after all. [...] The speech from Merkel was held in a Bierzelt and is part of a political campaign for this years election. Trump is strongly disliked in Germany, even among members of Merkels right-wing CDU (~6% approval and 80% disapproval), so it makes sense for her to take a strong stance. 

In an interview with CNN he said this: The far-right Proud Boys denounced the rally because of white supremacists: There do not seem to be any polls that are more recent than these. 

Who organized the rally? tl;dr: The rally was organized and promoted by Nazis and white supremacists. Some less extreme elements of the far right did not attend because of the negative imagery. Apart from the possible benefits, the law requires the registration, because the US determined that RT "conducts strategic messaging for [the] Russian government" and "seeks to influence politics, [and] fuel discontent in the U.S". The DoJ says that it "is committed to enforcing FARA and expects compliance with the law". Even if it has negative consequences as described by OP, in a democracy, the law should not be ignored out of political convenience. An example of this line of thinking is this Slate article by Jamelle Bouie: Similar accusations were made against the Texas bill: 

Such a pardon would reflect outright contempt for the judiciary, which convicted Arpaio for his resistance to its authority. Trump has questioned judges’ motives and decisions, but this would be a further, more radical step in his attack on the independent constitutional authority of Article III judges. Selling weapons to an aggressive country you might be involved in an armed conflict with doesn't make sense. 

That is a sound argument. But it was just as sound in 2013 [when Trump decried action in Syria]. Trump’s real motivation seems to be the fact that babies were “choked out” and that he saw it on TV. And it is this apparent fact that should give everyone — supporters and critics alike — the most cause for concern. 

Obama, knowing full well that the Senate would never ratify it as a treaty, never presented it as such. It was an easy way to get a political victory, at the cost of having actual, binding legislation. He assumed that Executive action alone (i.e. The EPA Clean Power Plan) would be able to get him there, and political pressure would keep it in place. 

As to what we got out of it? Public Relations 

By tweeting out the emails ahead of the story, Trump Jr. literally gave to every other news outlet what the NYT had worked for over a year to compile and corroborate. It's what you would call a pyrrhic victory. It was coming out anyways, so Trump Jr got some measure of revenge. This summary of another journalist's tweets (who was also working on this story) pretty much says it all (read from the bottom up) Comey damaged the FBI's reputation and credibility Comey usurped the DOJ's prosecutorial discretion in stating that Hillary Clinton should not be prosecuted Comey held a press conference to announce the findings of the investigation, something the FBI generally does not do It's important to note that, prior to yesterday's announcement, Comey was almost universally reviled by Democrats because the political wisdom was that Comey cost Clinton the election (see also Rosenstein's point #2) The occidental dissident stated beforehand that the "alt-lite" will not attend because of the level of extremism: 

Rule of law specifically means: Many legal scholars argue that the only possible redress is impeachment — itself a politicized, drawn-out process. But there may be another route. If the pardon is challenged in court, we may discover that there are, in fact, limits to the president’s pardon power after all. [...] Some lawmakers have also directly stated that the goal of voter id laws is not to fight (practically non-existent) voter fraud, but to discriminate against minorities who are unlikely to vote for them: But it would be an altogether different matter if Trump pardoned Arpaio for willfully refusing to follow the Constitution and violating the rights of people inside the U.S. 

The NYT guesses that this is a reference to foreign aid: 

Such a pardon would reflect outright contempt for the judiciary, which convicted Arpaio for his resistance to its authority. Trump has questioned judges’ motives and decisions, but this would be a further, more radical step in his attack on the independent constitutional authority of Article III judges. 

Gavin McInnes - known for his right-wing politics and antisemitism - declined to attend because he did not want to be associated with Nazis. 

The speech from Merkel was held in a Bierzelt and is part of a political campaign for this years election. Trump is strongly disliked in Germany, even among members of Merkels right-wing CDU (~6% approval and 80% disapproval), so it makes sense for her to take a strong stance. 

Who organized the rally? tl;dr: The rally was organized and promoted by Nazis and white supremacists. Some less extreme elements of the far right did not attend because of the negative imagery. In an interview with CNN he said this: 

Apart from the possible benefits, the law requires the registration, because the US determined that RT "conducts strategic messaging for [the] Russian government" and "seeks to influence politics, [and] fuel discontent in the U.S". The DoJ says that it "is committed to enforcing FARA and expects compliance with the law". Even if it has negative consequences as described by OP, in a democracy, the law should not be ignored out of political convenience. 

Similar accusations were made against the Texas bill: