3) Is it more frequent in American English than other varieties, such as British English (note that all the examples are from American English)? 

In fact, the eminent phonetician John Wells argues in his blog that it already has been (thanks to @Sumelic for the link). His case in point is the pair century - sentry. Some linguists think there should be exceptions to the MOP. For example, one opinion is that stressed syllables must not have an empty coda. This would mean that /ˈvɛr.i/ is preferred. Another opinion is that lax vowels such as /ɪ/ and /ʊ/ must not have an empty coda (because there are no words ending in a lax vowel). This would mean that 'hippy' should be syllabified as /'hɪp.i/, not /'hɪ.pi/. Yet another analysis is that (as musicallinguist mentioned) some consonants can be ambisyllabic, i.e. belong to both the preceding and the following syllable. EDIT: So far, most comments and one answer focus exclusively on the concept of the "marked phoneme". Let me make it clear that (1) I think this is a relatively well established concept - If you don't believe me google "markedness in phonology" and "marked phoneme". If you doubt the usefulness of this concept you're not the only one, but please let us move one from "I don't believe you" and "It's wrong", and please provide at least one academic reference why you think it's wrong or useless. Most linguistics can agree that (in English) the nucleus ("core") of a syllable must be vowel (an exception is made for nasals in certain contexts). If we consider a word with more than one syllable, the next question is whether the consonant(s) between the first and the second nucleus should belong to the first or the second syllable. 

In English adjective-noun combinations the noun commonly carries the main stress: The MOP says that as many consonants as possible should belong to the second syllable (i.e., the onset of the following syllable should be maximised). What is possible is determined by the phonology of English. For example, there are words like 'road' that begin with an /r/. Hence, we know that /r/ is a possible onset. Therefore, /ˈvɛ.ri/ is the correct syllabification. Q: Also, are there any phonemes that (are so marked that they) are not acquired at all by a substantial part of the population (say more than 5 %)?