Disclaimer: This may not work for everyone. 

Give them complex back stories: Humans are complex beings. If you want your characters to be more human, enliven them with rich back stories. 

I'm an active member in that community and use that form most of the time. It forces me to organize my critiques and be more specific. 

Don't make them black and white: I'm not talking about race but to avoid making your characters either completely good or completely bad. These characters are boring, because they are easy to predict. 

He's sure he hasn't seen her before, though she looks a lot like a girl he met once when he was a kid. 

Give them an inexplicable behavior: Maybe they like to collect canned cocktails or go to the beach during hurricanes. 

Don't make them cliched: The mad scientist, the jock, the drunk wife beater, you know them. However, you can also grab a cliched character and turn it into a non-cliched character (e.g. Tom is a jock ... who secretly attends ballet classes at night). 

The main character goes to a mountain to visit his half-sister. He hasn't seen her in years. 

That being said, I think your characters should be a reflection of your plot. If your plot is interesting, your characters will be interesting (it also works the other way around). 

1) What words are related to the idea/message? 

The plot will build itself afterwards (especially since you already got the message). 

I've already written 16,000 words for the first one, and 5,000 for the second one (both are second drafts). 

(The cow can be the one telling Tony why eating meat is bad). 

What I always do is to find the hook sentence. Two reasons: (1) It will make the reader wonder what's next in the story (2) It'll make YOU wonder what's the next in the story (so you'll continue writing it in order to find out). 

Give the characters something unique: It doesn't have to be something mind-blowing or some kind of superpower. It could be something as simple as a toe fetish or not being able to remember dates. 

But that isn't all. While he's in the mountain he meets a girl who (apparently) doesn't possess a soul. She is often seen in the forest near ancient trees. After he meets her she tells him that he didn't only come to the mountain looking for his half-sister, but also looking for her. That he must help her to accomplish something. Something of utter importance. 

So for your example above, I would do this: 

Give them an unexpected behavior: The wife of one of them left him and he reacted by ... cleaning the house from morning to night?! What? 

2) OK, let's write the hooking sentence. 

Unlike the first story, in this one I feel the main character is deeply rooted in the plot; the story is after all about his relationship with his wife and his sexual desires. 

This isn't happening in another story I'm writing. The story is about a man who tells his wife about a sexual fantasy he has. But that he's OK if she doesn't want to go along with it. However, the wife suddenly stops talking to him, and after that a series of surreal things start to happen to him: he's visited at night by a black bird, and meets a young girl in the forest nearby their house. 

I'm more or less satisfied with this plot, however, I can't shake off the feeling that the protagonist is more a "spectator" rather than someone who's playing an "active" role in the story. 

(The vomiting can be related to his habit of eating meat). 

I agree with the rest. Evaluating your story before writing it is like rating a love affair before having it (OK, I know. Awful metaphor). The thing is, you must receive feedback from other people. That's the only way to know whether your plot, pace, characters are delivering satisfactorily. 

She went there to undergo a spiritual healing. Later he discovers her wound has something to do with their elder brother, and that she needs him (the protagonist) in order to recover from this affliction.