(source: http://academic.udayton.edu/health/syllabi/bioterrorism/6Quarantine/PHLaw02.htm, quoted from: Paula Mindes, Tuberculosis Quarantine: a Review of Legal Issues in Ohio and Other States , 10 Journal of Law and Health 403-418, 413-417, 424-426 (1995-96) (160 Footnotes)) 

There is some debate about whether this principle remains valid, particularly in light of the UK's membership in the European Union (src) 

If the latter happens, their choice will be challenged in SCOTUS and likely declared invalid. This is where the religion itself centers on murder; with human sacrifice being demanded by the gods and a major part of religious observance 

San Marino has a codified set of several constitutional documents (differing from UK where they are uncodified). 

There are different levels of this: "In USSR we implement the principle of socialism: from each according to his ability, to each according to his labor" - Stalin's 1936 USSR Constitution, Chapter 1, "Social Structure" In contrast, most of formal constitutions have special procedures for enacting/modifying them, such as constitutional conventions, and/or special majorities needed, and/or ratification by member states (as in USA). 

Of course, it also mentions Muslim deity (Allah), in line #1: 

Did the Founding Fathers (or anyone participating in hammering out the Constitution of the United States) explicitly discuss the possible issue that, at some point, an Amendment can be passed that would destroy the Constitution? 

"Accept my acknowledgments for your favor of the 18th. instant. The printed remarks inclosed in it are already I find in the Gazettes here [New York] ... The amendments ... will however be greatly favored by explanatory strictures of a healing tendency, and is therefore already indebted to the co-operation of your pen." James Madison in a response letter to Tench Coxe above supporting the interpretation of the Second Amendment as an individual right. Since you asked "how were they unaware", the answer is surprisingly simple. Parliament can change the constitution simply by passing new Acts of Parliament. Next, it was of course famously appropriated by Karl Marx in 1875 Critique of the Gotha Program, which is why the quote is frequently (and errorneously, as in English Wikipedia), attributed to Marx. 

Either way, what will NOT happen, will be certifying that write-in person as a winner of any of the state's election. 

9 See U.S. Const. amend. X.Additionally, other organizations, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Department of Homeland Security (DHS), and others, have the ability to assist with the enforcement of quarantines intrastate and interstate, as well as at ports of entry to the United States. See Memorandum for the President, Office of the Attorney General, Summary of Legal Authorities for Use in Response to an Outbreak of Pandemic Influenza (Apr. 25, 2009), available at www.ncsl.org/Portals/1/Documents/health/attorneygeneral_flu.pdf (last visited Mar. 13, 2011); See also Swendiman, supra note 5, at 11.