But we can't say that that it is haram, because we don't have proof or enough knowledge to state so. All the current fatwas are jumping to conclusions from ayats that are actually irrelevant of the topic. Cloning will sure may have some good points too; like producing more animals in a state of drought or scarceness. But also, having good points does not guaranty something to be halal - e.g.; alcohol is haram despite having some good points. 

Cloning is new to humans. I will be easier and more common in the future. This is inevitable, it will be a fact of our lives. We feel some great problems in it. We need to be cautious. We don't know what future will give birth to. But, it is best not to make claims like "it is haram" or "it is halal". Allah forbids it: If we are understanding 33:40 and 40:34 correctly, there won't be any more nabi arriving anymore. So, we won't be able to receive perfect solutions from Allah to solve our problems. In this case, we should try to solve our these kind of unclear problems according to maroof (common sense). In my opinion, cloning is not good. It will probably disrupt the balance in nature. Evil people will may make human farms in far future. Rich people will clone healty and beautiful children, so a different kind of the racism and social class differences between people will start to appear. When a new rasul&nabi (messenger&prophat) arrives, he receives a Book from Allah in which there are rules to arrange the social life and relationships between people. After the death of that nabi, new and unseen problems start to occur in the society which are not clearly described in the previous Books of Allah. People stay in dark until a new nabi arrives and rearranges the social life according to the new conditions. 

Requirements for Sahih Hadith: However, the final verdict about the Hadith is given by the classification based on the reliability and memory of the reporters. Imam Al-shafi'i states the following requirements for a hadith, which is not mutawatir, to be acceptable "each reporter should be trustworthy in his religion; he should be known to be truthtul in his narrating, to understand what he narrates, to know how a different expression can alter the meaning, and to report the wording of the hadith verbatim, not only its meaning". 

In that classification, A "Sahih Hadith" means a "sound Hadith". Since the hadiths compiled are from the six major collections, it can be considered or called as authentic. However, it is not devoid of weak hadiths. There are some hadiths checked and declared weak by Shaykh Al-Albaani 

As you mentioned, Riyad-us-Saliheen is compilation of hadiths by Imam An-Nawawi, a great scholar of Hadith and fiqh. He is known for such compilations like 40 Hadeeth by An-Nawawi, 40 Hadith Qudsi etc. Riyad-us-Saliheen is a popular and useful compilation because of its classification based on wide range of topics. It serves as a hadith primer. It has selected hadiths of approximately 2000 hadiths from the six major collections: Bukhari, Muslim, Abu Dawood, Tirmidhi, An-Nasa'i and Ibn Majah. These 2000 hadiths are grouped in 372 Chapters and 19 Sections with titles - The Book of Good Manners, The Book about the Etiquette of Eating, The Book of Dress, The Book of the Etiquette of Sleeping, Lying and Sitting, etc and so on. Hence, it serves as an easy reader. If we are understanding 33:40 and 40:34 correctly, there won't be any more nabi arriving anymore. So, we won't be able to receive perfect solutions from Allah to solve our problems. In this case, we should try to solve our these kind of unclear problems according to maroof (common sense). But we can't say that that it is haram, because we don't have proof or enough knowledge to state so. All the current fatwas are jumping to conclusions from ayats that are actually irrelevant of the topic. Cloning will sure may have some good points too; like producing more animals in a state of drought or scarceness. But also, having good points does not guaranty something to be halal - e.g.; alcohol is haram despite having some good points. When a new rasul&nabi (messenger&prophat) arrives, he receives a Book from Allah in which there are rules to arrange the social life and relationships between people. After the death of that nabi, new and unseen problems start to occur in the society which are not clearly described in the previous Books of Allah. People stay in dark until a new nabi arrives and rearranges the social life according to the new conditions. 

Source and A very good introduction to sciences of Hadeeth 

Hadiths can be classified based on several aspects as shown below: As you mentioned, Riyad-us-Saliheen is compilation of hadiths by Imam An-Nawawi, a great scholar of Hadith and fiqh. He is known for such compilations like 40 Hadeeth by An-Nawawi, 40 Hadith Qudsi etc. Riyad-us-Saliheen is a popular and useful compilation because of its classification based on wide range of topics. It serves as a hadith primer. It has selected hadiths of approximately 2000 hadiths from the six major collections: Bukhari, Muslim, Abu Dawood, Tirmidhi, An-Nasa'i and Ibn Majah. These 2000 hadiths are grouped in 372 Chapters and 19 Sections with titles - The Book of Good Manners, The Book about the Etiquette of Eating, The Book of Dress, The Book of the Etiquette of Sleeping, Lying and Sitting, etc and so on. Hence, it serves as an easy reader. However, the final verdict about the Hadith is given by the classification based on the reliability and memory of the reporters. Matn (text), isnad (chain of reporters), and taraf (the part, or the beginning sentence, of the text which refers to the sayings, actions or characteristics of the Prophet (Sallalaahu Ala'hi wa Sallam), or his concurrence with others action). The authenticity of the hadith depends on the reliability of its reporters, and the linkage among them.