To answer this question concerning the most popular sports in the US (Baseball, Basketball, Football, Hockey, and Soccer) it can largely be view by size and athletic ability. 

No matter where you are picked in the draft, it is tough to make it to the MLB club. Story 

In those two sports, women would have basically no chance because of their limited size combined with the superior athletic ability of men. Except for a possible long shot of kicker/punter as @Joe explains. 

In the NHL the only position that a woman would stand a chance physically is at goaltender. @jerepierre has already touched on this. In soccer the women could match up with the average size according to the business insider article, but the men would be superior in athletic abilities such as jumping and sprinting. Women would have the best chance in the MLB as a knuckle ball or junk ball pitcher. To do this they wouldn't necessarily have to be athletic or big. They would need to perfect their craft of being a junk baller. This would also obviously lead to other issues besides talent, but as John Kruk once said, Lady, I'm not an athlete. I'm a professional baseball player. Obviously sports that combine size and athletic ability would be an advantage to men. This encapsulates most sports. The possible niche being a sport where technique and practice can over take. A good example is pitching in baseball. 

The defense meets on the mound where the second baseman is given the ball by the pitcher. A runner on second is tagged out while wondering off the base by the second baseman. Is this scored 4U? Is it a caught stealing, a pick off, etc? 

On a balk there is no ball issued if there are runners on base and it is not a violation of doctoring the ball. If it is a violation of doctoring the ball, Wax Eagle is correct. Most of the time (not always) a balk has to do with the pitcher having trouble with the "set position" (ie not coming all the way set, coming set in an illegal way, etc.). All runners advance one base. There are a few things about a balk depending on the situation: 

The windup The stretch Most pitchers will pitch out of the windup when there are no runners on base. It usually helps with the pitchers rhythm. They are able to use a high leg kick and deliver a pitch. 

If a pitcher balks and throws a pitch, the batter may swing and the play will be live. The runners may advance without penalty one base forward. However if the runner is tagged out after advancing safely one base, the balk is discarded and the live play is counted. If the runners advance safely throughout the completion of the play, or they are tagged out or forced out before they reach the next base, the offense may select the result of the play or the balk. The criteria for a balk with runners on and the bases empty are very different. If you want more of an explanation on this let me know. If there are no runners on, a balk will be counted as a ball to the batter. Balks without runners on are very rare. In the situation you describe, the batter would not walk if there is a balk unless he doctored the baseball, but both runners advance and the run scores. On a walk, the man on first moves to second and the man on third may advance home at his own risk (may be tagged out by the defense for an out). 

Putting a ball in it and tying it up will help create a pocket. The problem with that is it usually isn't a very natural pocket. 

In the stretch pitchers will slide step to deliver the ball quickly to home. This is when they step to home without bringing their lead leg up very far from the ground. Many pitchers can be around 1.2 seconds to home plate with the slide step, giving the catcher a good chance to throw a stealing runner out.