Update: What I see my favorites tab is now the following: If this is the case, you just need to click on the "full site" link that is present in the footer. In a browser that is not for a mobile device, it could seem the "full site" link is not really a link because the cursor shape is different, but clicking it changes back the site to the normal design. 250 is the minimum reputation you need to vote to close/migrate your own questions. On Stack Overflow you have a reputation of 3000 necessary to vote to close/migrate any question. Moderators can see suspiciously high levels of activity between users. This means that moderators are able to detect cases of cross-voting, where you vote a user's posts, and that user votes for your posts. Did you click on the "mobile" link shown in the footer? It could be you clicked on it by mistake. The page could confuse a new user, who is first told the question was deleted by the user, and then gets the suggestion to try searching for it. If that is what happened, then the site would appear similarly to the following screenshot, taken for this very site. (The screenshot shows just part of the page.) It could also be that it was not just a single user voting you. In some cases, it happened that a question, and its answers, received many votes right after a link to the question has been published on some social networks. As far as I know, in some cases the votes to those questions/answers have been removed; I don't recall if that was done automatically by the system, or manually by some moderators. It's a feature, not a bug. Users are allowed to write more than one answer; each time they do this, they get a dialog box that asks they are sure they don't mean to edit their previous answer. What happens when a user remove the vote for an answer for which the user has got the tag badge? Is the badge removed, if the user doesn't have the necessary number of votes for that tag? Questions about Stack Exchange sites, or the engine they use are on-topic here. Reporting here bugs that are not related to software used to run Stack Exchange sites is not on-topic, though. As per recent changes, a question that is 60 days old cannot anymore be migrated, not even from moderators. For those questions, the "off topic" closing reason will show "(too old to migrate)." The "Favorites" tab in the user profile highlights some questions, but I am not clear when questions are highlighted. As you see, the questions where not changed by me. The answer is a Community Wiki; you don't gain anymore reputation since the moment it becomes a CW, not even when the answer is accepted from the user who asked the question. For what I could notice on Drupal Answers, most of the late answers given from new users are related questions written as answers; requests for more information necessary to answer the question; comments about having the same problem, and asking to the OP if a solution was found; spam. The only users who can change back a post to not CW are moderators. Flag the answer for moderation attention, and if the moderators notice your edits really improved the answer, they will remove the CW from the post. I am not sure you will get back the reputation from the votes given when the answer was CW, though. If you find a question asked from somebody else that needs to be migrated, then you click on "flag," and then click on "other" and report the reason you are flagging it; this is still the way to report a question needs to be migrated to a site that is not reported in the list you see when you select "off topic." If you click on "it doesn't belong here," you can report a question should be closed, which applies also in the case the question should be migrated. Instead of saying, "Try searching for it," the page could say, "Try searching for similar questions." This would be compatible with the list of questions that is reported right after that phrase, and which seems a list of questions the system thinks are correlated with the question the user is trying to see. For a bug report, the first tag you should add is bug, followed by a tag that is specific for the bug being reported, such as theme, or design; both the tags could suit for bug reports about the HTML used to render pages on a Stack Exchange site. Another tag you could use in the case you have described could be css; as then you speak of how comments are rendered, then comments is the other tag you could use.