For a converted woman who lives in a non muslim country one should take into account her situation and maybe look at some not that popular fatwas about the matter we can find that Sheikh al-Qaradawy quotes that ibn al-Qayyim al-Jawziya counted 9 different opinions here just 3 of them revealed in the article: So according to this Fatwa as long as the wife is alive or still married to his current wife the husband is prohibited to marry her niece. As the haram (not mahram as they are no real mahrams) status stays as long as the wife is alive or still in his hands. The Hadith narrated by abu Hurraira which @Battle Hawk quoted should be a guideline in your case, as my later references would confirm. So the verse clearly shows that violence or beating (even softly as stated by scholars) is the last choice after taking former steps! So a husband can't come and beat his wife unless she went ahead with her nushuz after the two former steps: I will try to explain the shari'a point of view (links are included in the text but may also refer to other parts) According to the following Verse of Quran: so if one is a Muslim and believes that the Qur'an is the word of Allah, one has to obey and accept this that's why this fact is (and was) never questioned! If you are not engaged than you should tell this person (who seems to be very jealous) that if he really wants to marry you he should ask for your hand. All what you describe seems to show that your fiancé is jealous, which isn't considered as a bad thing in Islam as long as it doesn't go too far in that case one should remind him of the verse quoted by servant-of-wiser! Usually during the engagement the future husband is allowed to see his future wife unveiled and they are permitted to ask or tell about their bodies as long as this wouldn't cause a sexual arousal. So one should be able to ask or tell about things ... Beside those evidences you may find enough other evidences in the Prophetic traditions. Is his other wife aware that he wants to have a second wife? (This basically is no condition for marriage, but what I'd call "best practice", as in cases of polygyny where the wives are not aware of the husbands other wives problems may arise sooner -when they find it out- or later -when it comes to inheritance-) So the husbands in practice wants to beat his wife because she refused intercourse, or because she doesn't obey him now -in fact-he is asked to "punish her" by not having intercourse with her for a while (days not a second, minute or hour, as else it would be meaningless) before even thinking of beating her softly! But if they however separate (and this is allowed as shown) then Allah will enrich each of them from His abundance. Well i guess the answer -as far as i understand your question- is clear you can only try to get married! Al-Baji in his al-Muntaqah (a comment on al-Muwatta') quoted the case saying: So basically from a halal-haram or shari'a point of view such a marriage is halal, but one should or is strongly invited to do medical check for hereditary disease etc. before marrying to stay on the safe site based on this fatwa (in Arabic from the General authority of Islamic affairs and endowments of the U.A.E.. However this fatwa islamqa#139517 denies that marrying a close relative per se is a reason for hereditary diseases of the offspring. Welcome to Islam, you will soon witness the beauty of the religion, the peace and tranquility it brings to you and please don't be disappointed by the indiscipline among majority of its followers, we're trying, make supplication for us. And of His signs is that He created for you from yourselves mates that you may find tranquillity in them; and He placed between you affection and mercy. Indeed in that are signs for a people who give thought. (30:21) I myself due to the fact that my wife lived in a different country have been engaged for more than two years and I made istikhara many times again and again and every time we had a kind of dispute we spoke everything out, why one of us felt bad and what exactly made him/her feel so etc.