Consider getting a spoke wrench and at least true it enough to not rub on the brake. How to true a wheel while its on your bike If the chain is attached then the likely problem is hub / free wheel is not engaging. Some times it is as simple as cleaning and lubing. Most free wheel are not serviceable. The deformation on the front end also does work on the air in the tire. On the tail end the air in the tire does work tire to push it back out. Most of this work is given back. Some of this work on the air in the tire is translated to random kinetic energy (temperature) and that equates to work not given back on the tailing edge. The other problem there is on the tail end due to the delay most of this work pushing back is not even against the road to propel the tire. It is is work done on the rubber and atmosphere. Cyclocoss will tend to be wider to accommodate the wider tires used in cyclocross. And tend to be sturdier. Are you buying the wheels for a road or cyclocross? On a bicycle it is not effective and impractical to implement You might be better of buying a used bike and putting new wheels on it. Also the weight of the wheel and tire will effect the performance. Even how easily it turns Angular_momentum. A lighter wheel and tire will be more nimble to turn. A lighter 29er might give you (a bit) or what you are looking for. In the end a different frame geometry may be what you need. I think you are putting too much on wheel size alone. Wheels are where low end bikes really cheap it. Most people don't put many miles on a bike. If it is only rubbing lightly then no real harm riding it a few days if you are not riding it hard. In the US is is $15-$20 a wheel. Some times I see 2 for $30. If the other wheel has any wobble then consider doing both. They need to pull the tires and tubes to true so if you pull them you make it easier on the shop. I do it because I think they may take more care in truing. This question is confusing with some misstatements but I am going to try your "asymmetry of forces". If this is not what you mean on "asymmetry of forces" then I suggest you clarify as many people have tired to answer the question in a number of ways. Basically none of that scales to bicycle. The stronger wheel is going to be the stronger wheel. Hub, spokes, rim, and build are more important than size. Yes conservation of energy applies. Work is done on the rubber to deform it. Work is the integral force in the direction of the work. Work and heat have the same unit of measure. But you don't know your bike would handle any better with 650. In an earlier post you said you liked your wife's bike. Wheel size is not the only difference unless they are otherwise the same bikes. Put your wife's wheels on your bike and try for yourself. My 29er is better than my old 26 is every way. You need to pay more like $500 alone for a good set of wheels. You can pay $400 for single hub. Look for downhill wheels. They go for strength over weight. Not going to name brands but most all of the majors make downhill wheels. People (and pros) downhill on 29". On the front edge work (integral of f x ds) is performed on the tire to displace it. The tire is not like a spring where the work is given back on tailing edge. Virtually all the work is translated to heat (friction in the rubber). Heat is more intense than you would think - it takes a lot of work to produce a heat. You get a very small spring back from the rubber back on the tail end. The heat does not just accumulate as temperature - the heat is then transferred to the atmosphere. I don't get the question on size? You need to buy a size that fits the bike. Everything else the same in theory the smaller size is stronger. Buy the wheel size that fits the riding you want. If you are also tall then 29" is probably a better fit. You are getting into a mid range bike but wheels are still lower end. At $100 you get a decent wheel but at $200 US I think you get the best miles / dollar. Lower end wheels are not built to take miles. You are not going to get a strong wheel on sub $500 bike. On a skate board type application it is effective