Kenaya divorce is the type of divorce where a person uses ambiguous wording that could mean a divorce or something else. Now in this case a divorce takes place only if the person had the intention. 

So sister, don't worry. You are FINE. Whispering is from the Shaytan. Try to recite Surat Al Falaq, Surat Al Naas and Surat Al Fatiha regularly. Make sure you do your prayers on time and all these thoughts will go away InshaAllah. 

Now when it comes to divorce, it's all about intention. If your husband gave you the right and you had the option to use that right, you'd have two ways to divorce your husband (which is clearly not the case in this case): 

Disclaimer: I am not a scholar nor an Alim. I am posting this answer based on my understanding as a fellow muslim who happens to have attended a few lectures on Talaq. 

First of all, a woman cannot give her husband a divorce. Even if she says it clearly with all the intention from the bottom of her heart. The only time a woman can give her husband a divorce is if the husband gives her the right to do so. However, she can ask for Khula', which is an anullment of the marriage contract that's granted to the woman in a court of Islamic law. 

1- Is it true that islam prohibits eating "food on top of food"? I mean having two types of different foods in one meal? For example soups and steak? 

there are four type of rules as I said. but in general Islam is easy religion for going paradise. but for meeting God it is more difficult. in fact it depends on you what you are seeking. only escaping hell? entering paradise? what floor of paradise? paradise has floors same as number of verses of Quran. or you want to meet God? higher level needs higher work and pain. no pain no gain. 

Being raped can be proved for judge by any method that can ensure the judge. in such cases the raped woman can ask for legal certificate from the local office of Iranian Legal Medicine Organization and use it at court. this organization makes different tests and investigations from cloths and body of woman and issues the official assessment. this is the usual procedure in such cases in Iran. 

http://www.islamic-laws.com/salaat.htm 

Reference and further details: 

no. but it is recommended in Islam. there are many recommendations regarding health specially by Imam Sadiq a.s. and Imam Riza a.s. but I do not know any English references for them. 

(c) (in Islamic Government) The next stage should be to report the matter to 'alam-e-shar'a (the mujtahid whose muqallid you are or his duly appointed "wakil" authorised to decide jurisprudential matters). 

Now let us revert to your specific concerns. The fuqaha are all agreed on an individual's duties with regard to amr-bil-ma'roof and nahya 'anil munkir and the difficulties one often confronts. I am assured that Ayatullah Khameni's views coincide with those of Ayatullah Ruhullah Khumaini and marhum Ayatullah Khui, upon whom I have mostly relied. 

Ways of doing amr-bil-ma'roof and nahya 'anil munkir: 

You asked for a reference from Islamic countries laws scriptures. 

The Holy 5th Imam (AS) "Amr-bil-ma'roof and nahya 'anil munkir are the most important obligations because upon them depend the performance of all other obligations. If amr-bil-ma'roof and nahya 'anil munkir are done the earth will become a safe place, enemies will be subdued and all other affairs discharged satisfactorily" 

My answer and proofs so far are restricted to 1) People of the Book and 2) personal law or within-community infractions. It doesn't answer the question of what happens when a crime is committed outside the community, and if the community is not Ahl al-Kitab. 

Sponsoring an orphan, however, (by which one means bringing an orphan to live in one's house, or taking care of their expenses in another location) and raising them occupies a very high status in Islam and is the cause of a great reward from Allah. The Companion Sahl b. Sa'd (ra) narrates in Sahih al-Bukhari that the Prophet (saws) said he and the one who sponsors an orphan will be like so in Paradise, and he made a gesture with his index and middle fingers holding them very close to each other, just slightly apart, indicating closeness. The Prophet (saws) practice was to look after orphans and care about them and have concern for them. There are numerous ayaat in the Qur'an about treating orphans well and dealing justly with them and their property.