This is just my fallible opinion, but I'd approach it something like this: 

Think about baby talk: facial expressions are usually positive and exaggerated. Pitch varies more than in ADS. It is more interesting to the baby to look at (more variation in visual cues) and it teaches something about social interaction. Vocabulary is more limited,sentence structure is shorter and more repetitive, allowing easier learning of phonemes, etc.3: 

I can't tell you what the right thing to do is. I can tell you what I would do, however. She has been through a lot. If you want to maintain a relationship with her, I would try to keep the peace. I would be as kind and loving as I could be for the rest of her stay. You only have two weeks to go. Before she leaves, maybe you can have a talk with her about the things you enjoyed with her, and also be honest about things that disappointed you, especially her attitude towards your (completely innocent) babies. If you believe it, express how you will enjoy seeing her grow into a lovely young woman. If it's true, tell her you love her when she is leaving (or before as well). 

While what she did was very disrespectful, unkind and totally uncalled for, a cup of water on a 11 month baby's head or face, even if cold, will not cause the baby any significant harm. It will not choke the baby, or make him sick. She doesn't deserve to be "slugged" for it. How is her being slapped sending her a different message than the one she sent by throwing cold water on the baby's face? 

Maybe she is a single mom who chose to have the baby. Had she been there without it, you'd never know that. Maybe it was a special evening for her to celebrate with her friends. Maybe she only did it once. Maybe the sitter no-showed. 

That was 2005. Most states are required to screen for hearing before discharge; more were added since 2005. Check to see if your hospital did a newborn screening test. 

The worst cases of this that I've seen are where the mothers were very physically active before giving birth, e.g. were daily runners, or worked out at the gym a lot. These babies needed a lot of jostling to feel "normal", I guess, because they would cry unless really being moved around a lot! 

I see no reason to think this inappropriate behavior. 

When a child wants to climb a tree for the first time, do you wait until they've developed the capability completely on their own, or do you help them, steady them, and be there in case they fall? 

The main point of baby talk, as offensive as it might be to adults, is that it is generally regarded as happy or positive. In fact, one study showed that the "sad" baby talk of depressed mothers may have a lasting impact on their children2: 

You might not get everything done that you want to do - that extra weight on your chest limits you somewhat - but you'd be pleasantly surprised, I think, at how well your baby sleeps while you go about doing your thing. 

I myself don't care if she did it only once, or she does it once a month, as long as they are both safe and happy. 

Based on the information presented, I'd say no. 

It's quite easy to test for deafness at home, though it will startle the infant, and it won't determine the degree of hearing loss. While your baby is sleeping, clap loudly at a distance of about 12 inches. They will startle and start to cry. However, this is not a substitute for a diagnostic hearing exam.