Record in Grand Slam matches is 11 match points saved by Helga Schultze against Janine Lieffrig at 1966 Wimbledon. Sources: 1, 2 

Here is an answer listing times of first goals in FIFA World Cups. It is community wiki, feel free to edit it - correct mistakes, add more sources, etc. 

List of tournaments cancelled due to rain List of tournaments unfinished due to rain Grand Slams Grand Prix tennis circuit Grand Prix tennis circuit was a predecessor of ATP Tour. 

Summer Olympics, 3 siblings Winter Olympics, 3 siblings References 

This article also says that: Federer could become the oldest Number 1 player since André Agassi. He could also become the third player to end the year in Number 1 position without winning a Grand Slam title after Jimmy Connors in 1975 and 1977 and John McEnroe in 1982. 

I found several mentions of Svetlana Kuznetsova defeating Virginia Ruano Pascual and saving 11 match points in Madrid 2001. 1. 2, 3. 

A further event, Mixed Doubles Curling is planned for the Winter Olympics 2018 in PyeongChang 

Although they do not provide the data used for that stat, I am inclined to believe the claims from that article. So it really seems that we are close to the historical peek. 

Here is a graph provided in the blog showing average age of Top 10 since 2000: 

Women Wikipedia article Longest tiebreaker in tennis (current revision) lists as the record 42 points (22-20) from the first round match at 2006 Amelia Island between Pratt/Stewart and Morariu/Stubbs. The reference given in the Wikipedia article is A Closer Look at the Longest Tie-Breaker in Tennis History; World Tennis Magazine (Internet Archive). 

So if this information is correct, grand slam record in women's GS matches can be as high as 11 match points. (Not the 9 match points Rubin's record as claimed in the above links.) 

I have checked List of NHL records (individual) at Wikipedia (here is link to the current revision), but the only things mentioning age I found there were were that the youngest player in NHL history to win the Calder Memorial Trophy was Nathan Mackinnon and the youngest goaltender to win 300, 400, 500, 600 regular-season games was Martin Brodeur. 

I have searched among players listed as Gagarin Cup Champions at Elite Prospects. 

The record for the most siblings in the same Olympic Games is 4. This happened when the four brothers Luis Adrián, Jorge, José and Roberto Tamés from Mexico competed as two 2-man bobsleigh teams at the 1988 Calgary Winter Games. See 1, 2, 3. 

I was trying to find the information about youngest player with ATP World Tour title. 

I have tried to check at least year-end rankings. It is probably not an unexpected that I found several years where some big nations (Russia, USA) had three or more players in top 10. However, my question is not only about year end rankings. 

EDIT: It is probably worth adding that no too long after this question Nadal won his 10th title in Barcelona. And in the same calendar year Nadal won his 10th singles title at French Open, becoming the first player to achieve this at a Grand Slam tournament.