Given that the plague of the 1590's left 20,000 of Cracow's population dead, one can easily imagine that the total population served by those 19 churches at the time approached 100,000. 

If the charge has been ill-timed, the horses pull up about 20 yards from the infantry, and the combination of frame saddle and stirrups enable the riders to comfortably remain mounted. Lancers can now engage in a little square-breaking unless the infantry is either similarly equipped; or supported by either missile infantry or friendly cavalry who can readily target or counter charge the (now slow-moving) enemy cavalry; 

Update: The evolution of tactics from the Frederickian linear model to the Napoleonic battalion model is nothing less than a modern example of the evolution of the Greek phalanx into the Roman maniple, and then cohort. It created gaps in the line that were too small for the enemy to make effective use of, but through which friendly artillery, cavalry and relieving infantry could advance to allow the original line to disengage. 

For the southern universities modeled on Bologna, studying for an advanced degrees in law, medicine or theology would have as prerequisite prior knowledge of the liberal arts. 

So far from requiring a solid knowledge of Latin prior to entrance, the first few years of a student's studies were devoted to its mastery: written; spoken; and as a means of analytical thought. Of course to be recognized as a candidate for sponsorship at one of these institutions a young boy would likely be demonstrating aptitude in the language. 

Remember the mnemonic Do Men Ever Visit Boston - in descending order: Duke, Marquis, Earl (Count on the continent), Viscount, Baron. 

There were 12 pennies to a shilling, and 20 shillings to a pound. This gives 240 pennies to the pound. 

In the Islamic world, alcohol was (and is) prohibited under Sharia law. This is often interpreted as prohibiting all intoxicants (not only alcohol). Despite that, the practice of hashish smoking seems to have continued throughout the history of Islam (against varying degrees of resistance at different times and in different places). 

You could just have easily have quoted the case of Feidhlimidh mac Crimthainn, King of Muster in the ninth century. He he had previously been a monk (supposedly a Céilí Dé, or "Companion of God", no less!), who rose to the post of Abbot and then to be King. In the course of his reign, he plundered and burned the abbeys of Fore, Clonmacnoise, Kildare, Durrow and Tallaght. He also set himself as Abbot at Cork and at Clonfert. Despite this, after his death, he was later considered a saint by some in Ireland. 

Yes, your assessment is broadly correct but, to be fair, the Great Schism of 1054 was a very real break between the Greek eastern and Latin western churches. The split was not only along doctrinal and theological lines, but also along linguistic, political, and geographical lines. This fundamental breach has never been healed 

So John lacked Richard's martial abilities, but what of his other qualities? 

An annulment does not "break" a marriage, as does a divorce. It declares that the marriage never happened in the first place. 

The Portable Antiquities Scheme is a project to encourage the voluntary recording of archaeological objects found by members of the public in England and Wales. Because the focus is on small finds reported by the public, there is a bit of a bias towards metalwork (for example this Roman brooch*), but bits of flint (for example this gun flint), pottery, etc. that someone finds "interesting" are also reported and recorded. There are currently some 335 pieces of Sandy Ware on the database. 

He immediately relieved the siege at Verneuil, and re-captured a series of fortresses in the south of the Duchy. Richard attempted to engage Philip in battle at Fréteval. Philip and his army fled (in fact, Philip was almost captured), but Richard succeeded in capturing Philip's baggage train which included the Royal archives - including a list of the traitors in the Angevin camp that had agreed to aid Philip against Richard! 

As to why all those churches are centrally located within the downtown core of the city, that's easily explained - because the downtown core of the city was the walled portion of the city. 

From the above, and reading between the lines, it is soon obvious why French kings were so eager to supply mercenaries to various English factions during the *Wars of the Roses. It immediately resulted in various trouble-making bodies relocating offshore, who when dismissed half-paid would then pillage the English countryside until apprehended or re-hired elsewhere. 

Prince is always a royal rank rather than a noble one, as are of course King and Queen and Emperor along with its variants (Kaiser, Tsar, King of Kings, etc.). I am unsure whether a Queen Consort is considered royal or noble, and this may actually vary by state. 

While 19 churches and chapels in a compact downtown core may seem like a lot in todays world, it is not so many in historical terms. A church that holds more than 1000 people is a large church, and a cathedral that holds more than 1500 people is a large cathedral (St. Paul's seats 3,500 and Westminster Abbey 2,000).