To arbitrarily pick an example, this is what the Chinese did during the Battle of Xuzhou (note: Chinese Wikipedia; English does not have this info), where forward elements were pulled back, putting the HQ within the Japanese shelling range, but also allowing the Chinese to move reinforcements between the north and south fronts, and execute feints and flanks against the more mobile Japanese. 

My question is, what were the causes of those manpower shortages? Why were the eligibility requirements adequate for the early Republic and not during Marius's time? Marius's immediate motivation may have been that he was tasked to fight a war without men, but the problem was chronic - apparently the property limits were reduced from 11,000 to 3000 sesterces by Marius's time. 

You are correct that being surrounded isn't necessarily a bad thing, and this question isn't a straightforward one to answer. As Pieter Geerkens noted in a comment, if you do it right then the defender enjoys the advantage of interior lines, and smart commanders throughout history have let themselves be surrounded on purpose to that effect. 

http://www.unrv.com/empire/battle-of-cannae.php 

But in Cannae, the Romans were packed too tightly together, and the Carthaginians attacked with ranged weapons: 

The Marian reforms of the late Roman Republic changed Rome's military into a standing, professional volunteer force and greatly enhanced its effectiveness, thereby ensuring Rome's dominance for centuries to come. However it also came with significant social consequences, being a major cause of the Republic's transition into the Empire. This is due to the inclusion of landless masses into the military; previously only those who owned at least so much land could be conscripted, and by the late Republic the military suffered from severe manpower shortages. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Cannae 

Just as the Romans were on the brink of crushing the enemy center, the Carthaginian flanks were brought to bear and the pressure pinned in the Roman advance. Hasdrubals' cavalry completed the circle by forcing the rear of the Roman line to turn back and form a square. All around, the massive bulk of the Roman army was forced into confined space. Hannibal brought his archers and slingers to bear and the result in the confines was devastating. Unable to continue the original break through against the Celts in the center of Hannibal's lines, the Romans were easy prey for the Carthaginians. Hannibal, with complete fury, encouraged his own men, under fear of the lash, if they weren't zealous enough in the slaughter. 

The main institutions were the Senate and the military. The personal wealth and power of the members of the Senate, and the rivalries that ensued, threatened to tear the state apart. 

Our most complete account of the conspiracy comes from Tacitus (Annals, Book XV). We know that there were at least 41 people involved in the Pisonian Conspiracy. There may well have been many others, but according to Cassius Dio, Tigellinus allowed others to go free in return for substantial bribes: 

E - Equites; S - Senator; M - Soldiers (miles); W - Women of Senatorial rank; F - Freedwoman; 

Your medallion is probably cast, rather than hammered, although I can't make out enough of the edge detail from your photograph to be certain. I've seen medallions like that sold online from time-to-time. They usually sell for a few pounds Sterling. 

As the empire grew, so did the status of the senators, who gained most from the profits of war and conquest. This exacerbated rivalries between individuals, who also had more resources available to them. Members of the senatorial class were generally arrogant and unaccountable for their actions. Eventually, this would lead to the First Triumvirate 59-53 BC. 

Given that Greek was the lingua-franca of the Eastern Empire, and that (as we saw above) Zenobia had demonstrated a preference for using the Greek versions of her name and titles in inscriptions, it seems most likely that her associates and servants would have addressed her using the Greek "Sebaste" for Empress. 

In August 272AD, Zenobia was captured and eventually sent into exile in Rome. 

The Museum of London offers an "Object Identification" service for objects found in London. 

The Roman province of Mesopotamia had been established by the Emperor Septimius Severus in c 198 CE. (Technically, one might argue that the province was re-established by Septimius Severus, since an earlier province had been established by Trajan, before being given up by his successor, the emperor Hadrian). 

In the story of the Battle, the sign that appeared was a cross, or something similar (Lactantius is the first author to mention the story (just a couple of years after the battle), and he is not entirely clear on that point). The sign was associated with a dream in which Constantine received the message (in Latin) "In hoc signo vince!" ("In this sign, conquer!") 

From Nero's viewpoint, the suicides offered several benefits: 

It has to be said that we do not know exactly how many of the 19 who paid the ultimate price in the aftermath of the conspiracy were actually ordered to commit suicide. In the case of Piso himself, we do know that he was ordered to commit suicide by Nero. As Vasily Rudich puts it: 

However, I don't think you're going to be able to find anything like a single source for the whole list.