With the current issues with Network Solutions sites being hacked, I'm in need of a tool (preferably freeware) that I can install into my site and it will email me the second a file change/update occurs. Syntax error, unexpected "!", etc... However, when the ini file's values contain special characters like exlamation points (!) and equal signs (=) (and others I would guess), its throwing a PHP syntax error at parse_ini_file($file): This site is on a shared server hosting package. When I run a phrase that contains double quotes through this function, its replacing the quotes with quot. I'd like to place a directive in my theme's functions.php file which appends a classname to the wordpress body tag. Is there a built-in API method for this? What are your thoughts? Any way to scan a site for potential SQL injection vulnerabilities? The code below is working nearly flawlessly, however my value for page title on one of my pages keeps coming up empty after a few page refreshes... It sticks for awhile, then it appears to reset to empty. I'm thinking I must have a conflict in the code below, but I can't quite figure it. Any recommendations welcome :) Once Server B receives the zip file, it should extract the contents and copy the files into a specific folder on server B overwriting any existing files. Its version 4.4.9, which apparently contains the DOMDocument class, so that was not a reliable test. It may not fully support DOMDocument, but it passes the if(class_exists('DOMDocument')) test nonetheless. For example, given this content as the test-backup.ini file... I want to completely remove them (also single quotes). How can I alter the function to do that? I have some code below that I've borrowed from a file that uses and uploader to do the same thing and I'd just like to redo it for the automated server to server procedure described above. But I'm getting a fatal error when trying to Activate this plugin. For example, my body tag code is... All I've found thus far is this: The only active plugins on the site are contact form 7 and google xml sitemaps. I have a client who's wordpress sites have gotten hacked twice by iframe scammers. Each time they've injected iframe code into the content of the sites. I'd like to pass multiple values in a single switch case. I realize its not possible they way I'm trying to do it. Is there another way, short of placing each case on its on line? I have a wp plugin file on server B who's purpose is to retrieve a zip file from a remote server A. The function below takes the "test-backup.ini" file, parses it and inputs the values into the DB via the update_option() method. This last time, today, they simply changed the siteurl in wp_options to their iframe code. The result was obvious and appeared to simply botch the paths of the scripts that rely on As mentioned by Marc B, if you set a web server on an un-firewalled public IP, everyone on the internet can access it. This is not to say that you are in this situation - you say you are on a university network, and you will most likely find that they implement some form of local network that has a NAT layer and/or firewall between your PC and the internet. However, you may still find that everyone on the university network (or at least your segment - see subnetting and VLANs) is able to access your web server. To demonstrate the right way to do it, let's imagine we have the following array, nice and simple: I have managed to get the conversion to the binary string to work with the following code: The problem you are experiencing is related to the fact that you are using sessions. When a script has a running session, it locks the session file to prevent concurrent writes which may corrupt the session data. This means that multiple requests from the same client - using the same session ID - will not be executed concurrently, they will be queued and can only execute one at a time. It's quite simple actually. First a bit of code to demonstrate how it can be implemented. If you don't understand anything about what this code is doing or how it works, feel free to ask additional questions in the comments: More information on the standard streams can be found here. Many HTML forms use the POST method. In order to upload files from a browser, you would need to use the POST method for your form. This provides an application-layer level mechanism to allow clients to inspect the request it has sent as it looks by the time it reaches the destination server. This is mostly useful for determining the effect that any proxy servers between the client and the destination server may be having on the request message. A request message includes a METHOD, a URI and optionally, a number of HEADERS. The request METHOD is what this question relates to, so it is what I will cover in the most depth here - but first it is important to understand exactly what we mean when we talk about the request URI. If you want to stop other people from accessing network resources hosted by you computer, a firewall is usually a good place to start. You should find that your Ubuntu installation comes with iptables included.