"Modern developments in Brain and Neuroscience have influenced the way philosophers talk about the mind", or something similar. Given that philosophy is translated as love of wisdom, what is the definition of wisdom for the purposes of defining philosophy? Have philosophers of mind examined the question of intelligence? (as opposed to the question of consciousness, which seems to be the current big topic) In the above quote "Knowing that a tomato is a fruit" is simply a question of quality of information storage and retrieval. If information storage, retrieval and processing are the main measures of intelligence, doesn't that imply a functional/computational theory of the mind? How would a Cartesian dualist deal with the question of intelligence? Is it based on the physical substrate of the brain or is it based on the non-physical mind? Is the loss of intelligence due to intoxication or injury an argument against Cartesian dualism? Has anyone suggested that proper measures of intelligence and wisdom would be the keys to solving the mind-body problem and the question of strong AI? (As opposed to Turing's proposal that behavior is the answer as implied in his Turing test). 

Here's one way of looking at it: Imagine that your Zombie isn't created by evil magic, but instead is a super advanced android, one that is indistinguishable externally from a human in terms of behavior and appearance. Per Chalmers, this android has internal mental states in its robotic brain, but it still doesn't have first person subjective experience. 

Interestingly enough, Max Tegmark seems more recently to seriously explore the notion that concsiousness is a state of matter, so I don't where he stands exactly on the question nowadays. 

But I am wondering if the same can be said of intentionality? 

But beyond the Turing test there seems to be another issue with The Atlantic's article: To say that "an AI" did this or that implies that the neural network they used had some level of agency or autonomy, when in fact it was a completely inert program that starts and stops based on a set of pre-defined parameters and instructions.