To answer your significant question that asked: For instance, you can see some related hadiths (traditions) from Sunni about prostrating on the earth, mud (in order to support my claims. (although there are more hadiths concerning it, but I named some of them (e.g.), otherwise to see more related hadiths, inform me to present you more narrations) Well, do we trust Allah less than Doctor? Definitely the answer is No. 

When you are in Roku', it is better to look at the place which it between your two feet. The traveller must not cross his hometown anywhere within the mentioned distance; neither should he remain somewhere ten days or more. 

For further information and source, refer to: en.wikishia.net When you are in Tashahod, it is better that you see to your skirt (or toward the tip of knees) 

From the beginning of the trip, the traveller must be aware of covering or exceeding the mentioned distance; and must remain so until reaching the distance. 

And when you are among them and lead them in prayer, let a group of them stand [in prayer] with you and let them carry their arms. And when they have prostrated, let them be [in position] behind you and have the other group come forward which has not [yet] prayed and let them pray with you, taking precaution and carrying their arms. Those who disbelieve wish that you would neglect your weapons and your baggage so they could come down upon you in one [single] attack. But there is no blame upon you, if you are troubled by rain or are ill, for putting down your arms, but take precaution. Indeed, Allah has prepared for the disbelievers a humiliating punishment. (102) God willing, perhaps, I’ll edit and complete my answer as a more complete answer in the future. 

In regard to the long Sajdah, generally it is a very good act as it has narrated from Imam Jafar Sadiq (peace be upon him) that he has said : Sajdah is the nearest shape of the human to Allah, So it could be so good for us to have long Sajdah in the Sajdah. According to a narration from the apostle of Allah (blessing of Allah be upon him and his family) : 

Source and free study regarding Unity: Definition of Der’ and Maqna’ (that hopefully I define them accurately in English based on the extant non-English/origin sources): 

E.g., Imam Muhammad al-Baqir (a.s.) -as a related source- mentioned: Surah al-Mo'menoon, the first and second verses: 

Anyhow, concerning the query: Yes, women have to prayer (offer their Salah -prayer-) with hijab even when they are alone at home according to Shia’s view. And as much as I know, all of Shia scholars/Maraja’ (as a kind of source) declare so, and actually doesn’t allow to offer Salah without hijab (such as Ayatollah Khamenei, Ayatollah Sistani, Ayatollah Makarem, etc.) 

In regard to sneezing and yawning during saying prayers (salah), you should not say any think. Just after sneezing or even after yawning you should keep on your saying prayers. Actually continue from the part of the Salat which you were praying. Otherwise might be it invalidate your saying prayer. 

Therefore we ought not to accuse Shia why they prostrate on the stone (Turbah)… . As more explanation, as logical illustration for dear fair users: The answer is that covering the hairs for women is considered as a wajib (obligatory) practice and actually you ought to cover your hairs during the Salah (prayer). (Although it is counted as a wajib act to cover your hairs in front of non-mahram as well). The traveller must cross the Tarakhkhus Limit. Der’: in Fiqhi terminology, Der’ is said/called to a kind of woman dress which is with sleeves … 

When you are in Qunut situation, you'd better see the palm. 

They who are during their prayer humbly submissive (2) Accordingly, it demonstrates the significance of salah al-Jamma’a, but it shows that it would be accepted if you have excuse (persuasive excuse). 

Sources: http://www.hawzah.net & http://www.askquran.ir 

I am not aware of your sect, but as (at least) a general related information, according to Imam Khomeini (briefly): If the person who prayers, doesn’t know that his/her clothes is Najis, and after the Salah figure it out that it was Najis, his/her Salah is considered as a correct Salah (prayer), but it is better to do it again in accordance with recommended precaution. Accordingly it seems that your prayers are true. For further info. I suggest you to read the reference as well. Of course it has not illustrated in detail, but in according to the Sunnah of the prophet Mohammad (SAWW) (from the view of Shia) :