This is all watched over by the International Boundary Commission / Commission de la frontière internationale between the US and UK (on behalf of Canada) in 1908 and reaffirmed in a 1925 treaty between US and Canada making the commission permanent. There were numerous temporary commissions brought together to resolve specific border disputes, but this one was now permanent. No need to negotiate a new treaty every time there's a border dispute, let the IBC work it out. 

Finally, the Japanese would be "sucked in" to defend any major Allied invasion. The Allies were actively seeking this confrontation to remove the last major Japanese threat to their naval superiority. Prior to the invasion of the Philippines, the US Navy attacked Japanese air bases on Formosa so they could not be used to reinforce the Philippines. They provoked Japanese attacks, going so far as to use a crippled US ships as bait for the Japanese navy. Regardless of where they invaded, the US would continue these raids to further drain Japan's strategic capabilities. 

Before that attack followed by the German declaration of war, with the memory of WWI and its aftermath still fresh in the minds of middle age and older Americans, many did not want to become entangled in what they saw as another European war. Most were concerned about the rise of Germany as a power in Europe again although there was much division about the way to deal with it. Lindbergh's idea of "impregnable defense" competed with FDR's limited interventionism. 

Some programs got enacted at the Federal level, like the Sheppard–Towner Maternity and Infancy Protection Act in 1921. However, most programs remained at the state/local until FDR and the Great Depression. 

As I noted above, Lindbergh's and America First's opinions were the predominate ones when it came to non-interventionism in Europe. 

There was considerable political opposition to the US becoming involved in European affairs again. Perhaps the most influential of these was Charles Lindbergh and the America First organization he was affiliated with. When you read through his speeches and other non-interventionist, you'll see that their main focus was on Europe. These groups fell silent for the most part after the German declaration of war against the US following Pearl Harbor.