And this is the only hadith on qabd compiled by al-Bukhari, but it doesn't reach the condition of musnad hadith which would qualify it as-Sahih according the title of the book! Mulla 'ali al-Qari even assumed that "the order in this hadith" refers to the time of the caliphs not to the time of the Prophet()! 'Aqeeqah is considered a sunnah (by the majority of scholars, and this is the strongest opinion) based on ahadith like this in al-Muwatta' or in Jami' at-Tirmidhi, so if you didn't do it you might not be considered a sinner. In his fath al-Bari -when commenting the hadith of al-Bara'- i found the following comment (after discussing the sources and authenticity of the hadith): Therefore: no matter what your wife says or permit you can't marry her sister (while you are married to her)! For farz you can't change the number of raka-at, unless you are traveling with a halal intention (then you are allowed to shorten the 4-raka'a prayers to two raka'a only). But for some sunnah prayers you may find different ahadit which describe the number of raka-at. For example as far as i know only the Hanafi madhab does most sunnah prayers in 4 raka-at for example the taraweeh prayer in Ramadan. All others do pray them in 2 raka parts. Note that by physical najasa they mean that we must clean ourselves if we came in touch with this material. Is praying the hands to the sides really the view of Malik? First of all note that the opinion that imam Malik disliked putting the right hand over the left hand is based on the unique statement of his student Abdurrahman ibn al-Qassim in al-Mudawana. Earlier scholars of this school (especially hadith specialists) like al-Qadi 'iyad even said that this is a misinterpretation of the statement of ibn al-Qassim, as what was frowned upon is putting one hand on the other in nafl prayer while leaning against a wall or something to keep in position. While ibn 'Abd-al-Barr that almost all narrations quoting a position for the hand quote the right hand over left option (ibn 'abd-al-Barr had shafi'i tendencies). Other students of Malik like those from Medina didn't confirm this or maybe even held the opinion that putting right hand on left hand is sunnah (those from 'Iraq)! This question made me ask myself: After an abortion (miscarriage) or an artificial (or induced) abortion a woman usually sees some blood for a couple of days. End quote from Tuhfat al-Mawdood, p. 63 Knowledge (certainty) is important and again assumption is its opposite! but not a defilement as for example neither gambling, nor [sacrificing on] stone alters [to other than Allah ], nor divining arrows are really najis. So the rule should be one for all the quoted things therefore alcohol isn't physically najis. I would agree with @qidnar's Answer about the proofs. Now about the Madhabs (Mazhbas): among the 4 sunni schools, only abu Hanifa allowed a divorced woman to marry on her own, as she has experience with marriage and therefore should know what is good and the best for her! This is justification of the Hanafi Madhab for this, as an interpretation of this hadith: According to the mawsu'a al fiqhiya: The end or terminal separation between spouses can be due to three things: faskh/infisakh or talaq or death.