Because there is some flexibility in this process and the parliament is ultimately free to decide to enforce the local conventions or to disregard the traditions, equality between the two top parties would not necessarily make it impossible to find a coalition. It is pretty indeed common, sometimes there is also a kind of lever built in the ballot box for this function. Beyond that, there are many reasons why the idea of undecided elections is not very popular (e.g. the costs of organizing repeated elections or the fact that what it actually means is that the previous government stays in place and/or that civil servants have even more power) but that's not even really related to negative votes, two-candidate elections, etc. For example, an absolute threshold in the number of votes (e.g. requiring a certain proportion of the whole population or of registered voters to be elected rather than a plurality of the vote) can seem intuitively appealing but has never, to my knowledge, been implemented for a national election, precisely because leaving an important office unfilled is a problem (unless, of course, you subscribe to radical small-government ideas, in which case the question seems moot and you might just as well do away with elections or democracy itself). Note that technically the outgoing prime minister does not have to tender his or her resignation and the lower chamber of parliament can always force a government to step down through a vote of no confidence but both of these became almost untenable with the direct election of the president. Symbolically, he or she is the embodiment of the will of the people and that counts for something. The intent is apparent in all the changes to the election of the parliament and the nomination of the commission over the years. The European Coal and Steel Community already had a parliament from its creation in 1952 but the European Parliament is only elected directly since 1979. Then, in 1994-1995, the term of the third Delors Commission was shortened to align the next term with the European Parliament's term. And in 2014, European political parties also put forward “candidates” for the presidency of the Commission who debated on TV, much like parties in parliamentary democracies name a leader before an election.