Outside shot: This is actually pretty much the opposite of #1. Outside of the boot, very little control (usually) and you get the reverse curve on the ball. Good example of such shot would be to look at Quaresma, here's a small collection of goals he scored. 

Hope this gives some more insight on the subject. Zlatan Ibrahimovic recently had his 50 goals milestone (also a national record for Sweden) prior to with 100 appearance for the team. With 50 goals in 100 games he's averaging a goal in every second game which is as far as I can tell a great ratio, making him one of the most prominent strikers of modern football. Adding more information here; according to a football stats blog more than 1 red per game is actually very rare (1% or less) in the top leagues. Here's an interesting excerpt, with a title contender 4-red game reference: I would not recommend relying on a toe-shot (even though we have seen several scored this world cup like Oscar's goal vs Croatia) as it's weak and typically very straight ball path. 

"Knuckle" shot: name is pretty self explanatory really. Here's a long video showing examples and some explanation as to how to shoot like that. The advantage is that the ball path is really difficult for the goalkeeper to judge, and the drawback is that it's hard to "get it right". Usually you need a good and controlled run up to the ball, thus this type of shot harder to pull off in the heat of the game. Inner side of the boot: the most classic shot with the inner side of your boot. Here's a video explaining this type of shot. Pros: typically best accuracy, most control on the ball thus best chance to "place" the ball. This type of shot is also easier to fake and continue with a dribble. 

Which brings me to my question, who is the "best" striker in football history, judging by the goals/appearances ratio? In order to avoid outliers with only a few caps, I chose to focus on veteran strikers who have played at least 25/50/100 games for their national team.