Information is a little sparse since the game has yet to release in most areas, but all 4 of the main guilds are making a return in one incarnation or another. Disarm does not make your weapon disappear. 

The Cyrodillic Fighter's Guild from Oblivion does not return in Skyrim. Instead, you may want to check out The Companions, a group of soldiers, fighters, and mercenaries for hire. 

Nope! There's nothing preventing you from holding leadership positions in all 4 major guilds! (After you finish the respective questlines, that is) The Thieves Guild is only a myth, of couse. But if it was real, I'd lurk around the city of Riften to find it. 

Important NPCs are invulnerable, like Oblivion. I've been shooting arrows at this Windhelm guard. As you can see in my screenshot, there's 4 listed health values: 

Other than that, the games are completely distinct, character-wise. 

No. Spells, Magical enchantments, and Poison damage are never multiplied by sneak / power attack multipliers. 

So in summary, although it is possible to power level by using skills like smithing, unless you plan to use those skills or are in desperate needs of either some perks or health/stamina/magicka, I would suggest against it. This doesn't mean you shouldn't put points into those skills you don't plan to put perks into, but you should be careful about gaining too many levels by power leveling those perks. Leveling up skills you don't use has no bearing on the skills you do use. They will level up at the same rate no matter what. However, you need to keep in mind that Skyrim uses leveling scaling. So if you pump up a bunch of skills you don't use, like Smithing, and don't level up your main skills to match, you will no doubt run into some serious problems dealing with the higher level enemies. Perk points are useless unless you spend them, and perks have a skill level restriction, so if you only have 30 points into conjuration it doesn't matter how many perks you have, because you won't be able to use most of the perk tree anyways. Nope! There's nothing preventing you from holding leadership positions in all 4 major guilds! (After you finish the respective questlines, that is) Important NPCs are invulnerable, like Oblivion. [Before Dawnguard, nothing beat Daedric except for daggers, where the Blade of Woe and Mehrunes' Razor beat it out in base damage (1 point) and lethality (chance of instant kill) respectively. 

The Dark Brotherhood, for instance, a player-joinable group of assassins-for-hire, returns in Skyrim, as do the Daedric Princes (or at least minor shrines devoted to them, manned by their followers.) Consider: A Daedric Sword has only 7 more base damage than the Iron Sword you get in the tutorial. Percentage wise, this is pretty massive -- Daedric is 200% of Iron's damage -- but once you add in the +10 from smithing, you get 17 and 24. Suddenly, Daedric is only 140% of Iron. The higher above Legendary (Smithing: 91) you go, the closer the relative percentages. The level 46+ version of Chillrend (a blue Glass Sword) also narrowly edges out daedric, again, by one base damage.] 

The more people like you, the more willing they are to let you "borrow" their stuff (and sell it back to them, in many cases). Information is a little sparse since the game has yet to release in most areas, but all 4 of the main guilds are making a return in one incarnation or another.