This still has the issue however of the "drunk" stipulation on the right. Again, there's no obvious analog on the left, and again there's an illegitimate implication (that all gun deaths are results of the same type of flagrant misuse of guns as drunk driving is a flagrant misuse of a car). One way of looking at philosophy is as "the mother of sciences," investigations of topics that have not yet submitted to successful empirical codification. Most, perhaps all sciences started as branches of philosophy, and transitioned over once they gained stable, replicable processes and results. It just happened more recently for logic than any other major science, which is why logic is still (for the moment) shared between both worlds. The way to defend against a false dichotomy is to identify the plausible third option, and in the case of the appeal to perfection, that option is to improve on the default, even without reaching perfection. Informal fallacies have fuzzy boundaries. This seems to me to be a variation on "cherry picking," which is basing a general conclusion on a few carefully selected data points (which may not reflect the larger trends). While I agree in general with the other answers, I think they miss something very important. Ad hominem is a technical term, in a category, logical fallacy, that has a precise meaning: Something that is presented as (or appears as) a proof or disproof of an argument, but that does not legitimately address that argument. However, for following the structure of a longer argument, or for sifting your way through a forest of modifiers, basic first-order symbolic logic (which is the discipline being used in your first linked example) is still probably your best bet. It is a well-established field, and there are plenty of beginner's textbooks and online tutorials out there in order to get started --one is probably much the same as another. When I was young I really enjoyed the books of logician Raymond Smullyan, who wrote several books of logic puzzles held together with minimal but amusing narratives, including The Lady or the Tiger? and To Mock a Mockingbird. Lewis Carroll himself wrote a similar book called A Tangled Tale (but it can be a bit rough going for a modern reader). There's also the justly famed Godel, Escher, Bach which might appeal to a young reader of the right temperament. Flatland is more math than philosophy, but still food for thought. Likewise, The Phantom Tollbooth introduces advanced concepts in mathematical philosophy within the context of a thoroughly entertaining children's novel. This is arguably a decent analogy, but it cuts both ways. On the one hand, we don't eliminate car ownership because people get in accidents. On the other hand, car ownership actually is controlled fairly extensively. And you see that you were correct. This does not only work for predicates that become stronger or weaker. If we have a strong predicate, that means the Yes-set is small. Since the No-set is the complement of the Yes-set, it has to be big, and therefore the negation of the original predicate (that is, the predicate of the No-set) has to be weak. There are several tools online with which you can make truth tables yourself and check the truth value of statements. This is a truth table for the correct statement: It's somewhat peculiar that that textbook talks about validity without first defining it. It's a pretty straightforward definition, but usually these books are very precise. These tables were made with CleanLogic. Disclaimer: I developed that. Logic symbols are extensively used, especially in programming languages. As a random example I have been working with lately, this 2014 paper featuring a new block cipher shows this very well in appendix H: Or, in even other words: it is not impossible to imagine a cold Sahara, a human who doesn't need oxygen, or a photon that has no mass; but it is impossible to imagine P and Q such that (P ∨ Q) → (Q ∨ P) is false. In this case, it's not clear that the team is committing a fallacy at all. In fact, in the case that there were more than two alternatives, and Peter illegitimately reduced them to two, then he would have been the one committing the fallacy ("Black or White"). Gun control: reducing gun deaths :: making it harder to own cars : drunk driving deaths However, this is not entirely a bad thing, since modern logic was created by substituting fuzzy natural language concepts with new, well-defined ones. Informal fallacies have fuzzy boundaries. This seems to me to be a variation on "cherry picking," which is basing a general conclusion on a few carefully selected data points (which may not reflect the larger trends). This is one of the basic syllogism forms (Celarent / EAE-1). We do have to make some assumptions here. We have to assume that tournament play is what establishes who the "best players" are. Given that assumption however, we can infer that the best players do not play in all-female tournaments, therefore the overall standard of those tournaments is lower (at least if we judge the standard of the tournament by the standard of the best players, rather than by the average level of play, which could conceivably be higher at an all-female tournament, even given what we know).