There is mention of such oaths in the Quran in 5:87-89 where a group of people made an oath to castrate themselves and live like monks and hermits believing it to be pious. And in 66:1-4 where the Prophet made an oath to abstain from eating honey when some of his wives lied to him about it leaving a smell in a ploy to sideline another wife. In both cases an expiation was paid and the oaths were broken since they were based on fallacious information. Marriage is only forbidden with the stated relatives mentioned in the following verses: Conclusion Yes generally it would be considered halal. Classical scholars have used the above to establish prohibition of marrying Zoroastrians, Sabeans and Hanifs etc. even though they are monotheists, the same would extend to a Spiritual Monotheist. A permissible act, contrary to an obligatory act, gives you a choice of whether or not to do it. For example it is obligatory for you to pray while it is permissible for you to sleep. You can choose to not sleep and there is no blame on you ... its a choice. It refers to one who commits Zina and is punished by the Hadd, that they should not be married (ever). This is in line with the following Hadith: An oath like this which without any valid reason or recompense, unconditionally and eternally prohibits a common lawful action like eating, drinking or intercourse is greatly discouraged. It is not a sin (the Prophet did it) and an expiation must be paid if it is broken(ref Hedayah). We participated with the Prophet (ﷺ) in six or seven Ghazawat, and we used to eat locusts with him. Saheeh Bukhari 56/167 The 'Prophet said, "It is obligatory for one to listen to and obey (the ruler's orders) unless these orders involve one's disobedience (to Allah); but if an act of disobedience (to Allah) is imposed, he should not listen to it nor obey it." Flesh contaminates and is interwoven with both bones: Muhammad bin Abdul Hakim said, I heard Harmalah bin Abdul Aziz saying that: "When we asked Imam Malik about the person who masturbates, he recited this ayah 23:5 ... Sahih Muslim, Book of Hunting and Slaughter According to Islamic laws of custody, your mother has lost her right over your custody by re-marriage. See the laws of custody according to Hanafi school here, and Shafi school here: Custody is the right of your mother and then your maternal grandmother, paternal grandmother, and then sisters and aunts. If any of these women are married they lose their right, unless its your grandmother married to your real grandfather. Also according to Shafi school of thought you have the choice of choosing with whom you want to stay at the age of discernment. Sahih Bukhari, Book of Slaughter and Hunting Its perfectly valid for the state authorities to take your into their custody and put you up for adoption: the writ of the state overrules that of parents. Adoption is also Sunnah of the Prophet as he adopted Zayed bin Harith. Lawful to you is game from the sea ... This is evidence that Jesus abrogated some of the shariah of the Torah With the words fathers, mothers, daughters and sons being also applied perpetually to all direct ascendants and descendants (grand-children and grand-fathers etc.) For details on these see Hidayah and Minhaj Al Talibeen. Edit: As Armaan noted in the comments, Fatimah, the daughter of the Prophet, married her father's cousin, Ali ibn Talib. Whether or not you should actually marry her is personal choice and you should carefully deliberate on that yourself. Can you be sure that the affair is over? Will this issue come up again in the future when you have arguments? Would you hold this against her and use it as a taunt? What if your children ever found out? How will you two react in-front of the other cousin? Quran 31:15 But if they endeavor to make you associate with Me that of which you have no knowledge, do not obey them but accompany them in [this] world with appropriate kindness and follow the way of those who turn back to Me [in repentance]. Then to Me will be your return, and I will inform you about what you used to do. In either case, this does not include pork, because the prohibition is inherent and stands even in the shariah of Muhammad: Hidayah, [ english translation ] Radd al Muhtar Similarly to those charged with authority: Say, "I do not find within that which was revealed to me [anything] forbidden to one who would eat it unless it be a dead animal or blood spilled out or the flesh of swine - for indeed, it is impure - or it be [that slaughtered in] disobedience, dedicated to other than Allah . But whoever is forced [by necessity], neither desiring [it] nor transgressing [its limit], then indeed, your Lord is Forgiving and Merciful." Chicken are halal when they are domesticated and fed on grain or pure feed. The major requirements of halal slaughter are: or the flesh of swine - for indeed it is impure I'd suggest reading the answers on Judaism.SE more thoroughly. "Jews believe that when the Messiah comes he will allow pig" seems to be a sweeping generalization and a misstatement. What they say is that it is an opinion, and that it means that the pig will change its nature.