If indeed there was a Quran that mountains were moved with it, or the earth were cloven asunder with it, or the dead were made to speak with it, [this is it], but [only] for God is the command, all of it. So have't those who believe become despaired that if God wanted he surely could guide people, all of them? And those who disbelieve do not cease to be struck, for what they have done, by calamity, or it will descend near their home, until there comes the promise of God. Indeed God does not break promise. 

The positive one is more implicit and is the story of the love between Moses and one of Jethro's daughters narrated in sura Qasas starting at verse 28:23. 

Say: come up with a book from God which guides better than them [so] I will follow it, if you are honest. 

Now, since Quran is a book, it is not a miracle restricted to a particular location or time. It is a timeless and location-less miracle that is presented to us. But it is not that anyone who sees a miracle would accept it. You mentioned Moses (PBUH), the Pharaoh and his people saw the miracles done by him, but they still rejected them and called him a magician. 

There are also theological arguments based on the fact that God must preserve Quran to guide people. It is not that Quran is trusted because Mohammad (PBUH) is trusted. It is the reverse! The main miracle of the Mohammad (PBUH) is Quran. The prophethood of Mohammad (PBUH) is accepted because Quran is a miracle, not vice versa. 

There are issue regarding how well they collected and canonized it. There are stories about disagreement about what was part of Quran and what was not, even among the companions of the prophet. 

What we abrogate from signs or cause to be forgotten, we substitute something better or similar, don't you know that God is omnipotence to do all things? Until sometime during the first Caliph's reign, Muslims didn't feel a need for having a written collections of Quran. The memorizers were present and many and could be used as reference. However during a battle many of them died and as a result the first Caliph felt a need to have a written form in case other memorizers die. So a compiled version was created during the first Caliph's time and it passed on to the second Caliph. 

There is a site which you can use to learn about the conceptual relations between the words in Quran: Ontology of Quranic Concepts. There are two instances of love between women and men that are mentioned in Quran, one positive and one negative. Also there is a metaphor in verse 13:31 about Quran: Say: even if the mankind and the genies were to gather together to come up with the like of this Quran, they would not come up with the like of it, even if some of them helped some other. Sometimes God does not want the answer to some question to be known (verse 18:22) or humans are simply incapable of knowing the answer (verse 17:85) or sometimes knowing the answer is not useful or beneficial (verse 5:100-101, or verse about the cow in second sura). A question that I normally ask in response to this kind of questions is why one would want to know the answer? In this case, why would you want to know the exact night? Is it out of idle curiosity or for something practically important? For a good Muslim I guess the interest in knowing the exact date might be to know which night to perform prayers and other good deeds more than other nights. So maybe God wanted to conceal the exact date of the night so people will not forget other nights of Ramadan by focusing too much on just that night (as it seems to me if God wanted the exact date to be known and emphasized that would be the case). And God knows best. However, it doesn't mean that what we have is completely error and typo free. There are 14 famous narrations of Quran and they have some differences that even change meaning in some cases. But the variations in meaning are not many nor major and for a text dating more than 1400 years is not surprising. There are books that discuss the differences in these 14 variations in detail. (Some apologists try to get around this issue and keep the belief that Quran is preserved exactly as it was revealed by prophet by arguments which look rather weak to me, e.g. some may say that all 14 versions are correct, etc. in any case, what we know for certain is that Quran has not been kept as a single undisputed written document from the time of the prophet till today, there are 14 versions with small differences today and there has been arguments about Quran's content during the 12 years that followed the prophet's death.)