A basic unsatisfactoriness pervading all forms of existence, because all forms of life are changing, impermanent and without any inner core or substance. [This dukkha that relates to the metaphysics of existence itself] What are the views of the standard commentaries in classical and modern ie Aurobindo and Radhakrishnan. A quote by William Blake might be of relevance here: And also his orientation as a phenomenologist, and therefore on the encounter; then the notion of an aesthetics situated on this site seems ideal in rethinking the figure, the portrait as an encounter; thereby foregrounding the relation. Frege was interested in the logical structure of language and its relation to the world of facts; whereas Conceptual poetry, building on its roots from Dada is exists: as a way of determining the ethics of Robot-Human interaction. He ends with a zeroth law of Robotics: The distortion of reality is more aligned with Kantian idea of the apperception of reality; and thus the phenomenological tradition. One should recall that Hume said that 'reason was the slave of the passions'. One can be passionate for the Good, as well as for Vice or for Reason. A shape with lion body and the head of a man, rare enamor renew ass masseuse 2 - A robot must obey the orders given to it by human beings, except where such orders would conflict with the First Law. Mary Midgeleys Wickedness:a philosophical essay is by a Christian philosopher, but in this essay, as this review acknowledges distances the topic of 'evil' from her theological concerns; hence, of course, wickedness rather than evil. To quote from the review: CAGE: After the concert I was walking along with the composer and he was telling me how... Women of the family are corrupted, Hence the laughter provoked by comedy, according to Aristotle, is not that which provokes our pity; but where we recognise meanness or lowness of spirit. Aurobindo here is gesturing to other ways of interpreting the Gita although he doesn't accept them. Both he and Sri Prabhupada are both in the Bhakti tradition. Its clear that this tradition, which is devotional is dominant in at least the Western reception of Hinduism. What I'm interested in is the other traditions, in particular (moral) philosophical exegesis. A gaze blank and pitiless as the sun, I should be clear, that I'm not advocating this as a moral philosophy, or the seed of one; but am simply looking for reference to someone who has. By imitation, he does not mean mere imitation, but a condensation; that in comedy is caricature; and in tragedy and the epic aims at elevation and grandeur. Iain Banks, another writer of science fiction, in his Culture novels posits a universe where vast spaceships are under the beneficent control of artificial minds many magnitudes greater than that of humans; they are entirely enigmatic. With the technology that is at hand - drones, cameras, the internet, information technology - eventually virtually faultless voice, face & person recognition and language translation - we have what looks like an eventually inevitable surveillance apparatus. At present this is in the hands of government agencies and commercial enterprises. One might say that the secularised notion of evil is returning to its Anglo-Saxon roots. For example the caricatures of a Cruickshank, or Grosz; grandeur in the history paintings of Caravaggio or De La Tour. Its also clear, that science, despite its popular conception as a purely democratic venture is actually highly authoritarian and only open to a very few. But this is not due its own nature, but simply because it is a difficult & elite venture - as is theology or athletics. This isn't a modern concern - for example the Jains, an Indic dharma (religion) consolidated by Mahavira at about the same time that the Buddha was around have a principle called ahimsa, meaning non-violence, and this is as much towards our fellow-men, as it is to all of Nature. The attitude is of reverence towards life. They would agree with you that 'we owe duty' to the environment; similar statements have been made by other major religious bodies as this book by the social anthropologist Victoria Finlay. For life itself being the measure or the standard; art aims either above or below; pure imitation will be as a mirror and adds nothing new; thus again imitation as condensation. a. If every voter prefers alternative X over alternative Y, then the group prefers X over Y. With whom will you hunt, with whom will you garden, who will you visit? In this form, one can relate it in Buddhist Philosophy to the important notion of dukkha and is Every philosophy can be critiqued, and be dismantled. I don't know of any philosophy that is impervious to all attack. This is why belief & faith is more important than is usually given due credit. They are emotions. Generally these terms are associated with religion - but it seems clear to me that a faith and belief is just as important in valorising and enthroning reason as a value above all other values. One is tempted to read corruption as sexually fallen, but is this the correct meaning(s) of the word here? For example, in modern medical terminology could it mean mentally ill? Perhaps it covers both of these - or more. Drug addition, bad parenting etc. Is perhaps moral corruption the best view?