[Jame]James - 'early' James doesn't have much church hierarchy, could be one of the earliest The term “release” (aphesis) represents the primary theological and verbal connection with the levitical proclamation of Jubilee. The classical Greek employment of aphesis was in the legal sense of a “release” from office, marriage, obligation, debt or even punishment. The word was not used, however, in religious contexts. In the LXX, of the approximately fifty instances of aphesis, twenty-two are in Leviticus 25 and 27, where it translates in most cases the Hebrew yôḇel, “Year of Jubilee”; in other cases, most notably Leviticus 25:10, it translates derôr, “release.” Derôr, in fact, seems to have been the technical term of the prophets to indicate the Year of Jubilee, that is, “the year of release,” or “liberty,” as Jeremiah 34:8, 15, 17; Ezekiel 46:17; and Isaiah 61:1 indicate. That they were included, however, necessarily raised the question of whether or not converts needed to follow all the practices of the Jews. Peter, Paul, Barnabas, and the other apostles were clear that the grace of God implied that Gentiles need not do Jewish custom. The first part of the bloody entertainment was finished; the bodies of the dead were dragged off with hooks, and the reddened sand covered with a fresh, clean layer. After this had been done the gates in the wall of the arena were thrown open, and a number of tall, well-formed men in the prime of youth and strength came forward. Some carried swords, others three-pronged spears and nets. They marched once around the walls, and stopping before the emperor, held up their weapons at arm's length, and with one voice sounded out their greeting, Ave, Caesar, morituri te salutant! "Hail, Caesar, those about to die salute thee!" This is noted as such by Jeffrey Fager and D.P. O'Brien in unrelated papers. Minor clarification. While the Temple of Jerusalem was destroyed in 70AD, the city of Jerusalem retained its general street plan until 135 AD. In 135 AD, after the Bar Jakova Revolt, the already damaged city was razed to the ground. In its place, a Greek city called Aelia Capitolina was put in its place. Stripped him = namely of his immortality [Paul]Colossians - 60 or 61, about the same time as Philemon The Damascus Gate has been the historic main entrance to the city. The actual edifice, however dates to 1547, and was built on the ruins of a 2nd Century AD gate, As a religion, Christians also agitated against the Roman practice of infanticide as well, fishing live, discarded babies out of the Tiber. The final break was due to the Romans when Jews (including Jewish Christians) were prohibited from entering Jerusalem; the re-established Jerusalem Church was thus an essentially gentile one. In general, it can be said that Christians held those practices of the Romans that involved needless killing to be repulsive. Jericho = the moon, and thereby signifies Adam’s mortality In Leviticus 14:21, we understand this was the sacrifice of the poor: The priest and the Levite = the priesthood and ministry of the Old Testament --- The late 60s included a revolt by the Jews, a diaspora, and finally, the destruction of the Temple --- In paying for our sin on the cross, Jesus pays the redemption price for the world he created. In calling us sons and slaves, "joint heirs with Christ," we are free. As such, the Jubilee is for us. The above interpretation, however, is a requote from Gordon Fee and Douglas Stuart's classic and authoritative book How to Read the Bible for all its Worth, as an example of how modern interpretation is NOT to be done. They are right, of course, because allegory really isn't testable in the end. With the firm acceptance of Paul's letters by the end of the first, the anti-Judaizer faction became well entrenched. By the middle of the second Century, some heretics like Marcion were already trying to remove any vestigial Jewish influence. When Marcion produced his first canonical list, for example, the entire Old Testament was relegated to non-canonical status. (Note - Marcionism is considered heretical nowadays, and rejecting the Old Testament is considered heretical, but I point it as way of evidence that the split had already occurred.) Similar processes occurred around the adoption of the Johnanine corpus - the Gospel, the letters, etc... Likewise, the Gospel of Thomas - purported collection of 115 of Jesus' sayings - proved to be more Gnostic than Christian, and so it was rejected.