and to get to know other people is one of the reasons for marriage. 

Finally a practice which is clearly contrary to shari'a 

But you must be aware that if you are engaged it isn't allowed to anybody to ask for your hand (See for example sahih Muslim), so if you are engaged with somebody you should reject anybody Else's proposal unless you have separated or dissolved your engagement. So if you met somebody else while engaged that is a "dark grey zone" of halal, as engagement isn't marriage so this can be dissolved any time by both parties without any problems. But if this guy who wanted to ask for your hand knew you were engaged he shouldn't go on and ask for your hand and you shouldn't accept as this would be a sin for him and a help in doing a sin for you. If he didn't know about your engagement he can go ahead. Read also in sahih Muslim and sahih al-Bukahri. 

This would mean the girl/woman should convince her parents the boy/man should propose for marriage by asking her parents! 

How to understand Verse (24:3) 

We can also find the following Hadith: 

So you both should ask Allah for forgiveness and be better muslims. 

All this can't be done in the same day, but needs days or even weeks of rejection (or disobedience) of the wife to follow the orders of Allah. 

Note that both of you will be very exited as until this moment you were strangers so think well what the first impression of your wife about you as a husband will be! 

I recommend you to read other translation and take a look at tafsir. 

I've came across some fatwas allowing or forbidding it. The point is a widow during her 'iddah is allowed to go out for necessary reasons (mostly related with providing food) as scholars say. This is based on this hadith which Imam a-Shafi'i commented that plucking can only be done at day time, so one could conclude that going out on day time is allowed. 

On the other Hand for the only today -theoretically- possible case for slavery we have a consensus this means a woman which became prisoner of war is automatically divorced. 

(4) If the wife does not fulfill one of the above-mentioned obligations, she is termed "rebellious" (nashiz)[..] 

This can easily be understood as a reminder to men who want to marry multiple wives that they have to treat their wives equitably. However, if there is no way for the wives to enforce this, it can easily fall flat. This leads to the questions: 

Fatwa 83157 does say "Therefore, the wife should ask her husband's permission to leave her house, let him know where and when she is going and with whom she holds her meetings etc., all these matters come under the obedience of her husband." Disobedience relieves the husband of his obligation to support her according to Reliance of the Traveler m11.9: 

So, at least according to Reliance of the Traveler: if a wife leaves the house without her husband's permission, he does not have to support her until she stops doing that, and additionally can hit her if she doesn't respond to admonition and advice or sexual separation.