If Jesus made Satan, Jesus is Satan's father - not his brother. When did he enter the Mormon story? Why was he sufficiently credible to be able to lead the bulk of the church to Utah? What specifically was the "torch-passing" if you will that led Brigham Young to be considered Smith's successor? To hold that Jesus was made in the same sense that Lucifer was made can thus be safely at least declared "non-orthodox" and out of keeping with orthodox Christianity, at least as it has been defined since 325 AD. Under a "fast-tectonic action," where Noah lived before the Flood could have been Missouri or Madras just as easily as Mount Ararat. I am fully aware of the Messianic Secret in Mark, but I don't understand why Martin Harris would feel as though he should be punished for revealing the pages he recorded from Smith's translation of the Golden Plates. After their loss, it is my understanding that Harris never again served as scribe. Furthermore, according to my tour guide, Smith also claimed responsibility for this loss, stating that "God had to humble him" by "giving into" Smith's desire to let Harris have the pages. The quick answer is that they do this for the same reasons other Christians engage in missions the same way. Paul talks about this in 1 Cor 9: While the ark is believed to have rested on Mount Ararat in Turkey, its beginning point is never pointed out in the text. A pre-Flood Pangaea would, for the above groups, be rather irrelevant to the modern globe. (In particular, Snider pointed to the fact in Genesis 1:9-10 that the dry land was gathered into a single place.) 

The distraction of trying to build relationship (not to mention the perils of losing your witness i.e. causing others to think that you were living in sin / having sex, even if you weren't!) is not conducive to the purpose for which you were sent. A husband and wife pair is different - they've already gotten through that. 

Paul modelled this in his own journey - The belief that the Ark could have been "made in America" isn't restricted to the LDS. Not that a claim is typically made that Noah was "mericun", but from a strict reading of Genesis, there is no hard and fast place where the ark would have been constructed, because for many strict creationists, the flood irrevocably altered the earth's entire geography, under a theory known as "catastrophic plate tectonics." Likewise, Mormon men and women do not go on mission together for the same reason that Baptist, Catholic, or other missions agencies tend to discourage opposite-sex missionary teams - namely doing so detracts from the mission. When, for example, the woman who would become Mrs. Affable Geek was a missionary in Nepal, she had signed a document stating that she would not date on the field. (True story: I never dated my wife till after we were married as a result, although we did "fellowship" alot!) The author of Hebrews alludes to this saying: And yet, none of them ever seems to have been prominent in the church since then. I understand that all three left the church (though two returned), and so I can understand why they never became President - but there seems to be a gap in the record for me as to where Brigham Young came from. 

Recently, I had the chance to visit the birthplace of Mormonism (Hill Cumorah / Palmayra, NY), and learn the origin of the LDS Scriptures. In particular, I became quite interested in the Three Witnesses - Harris, Whitemer, and Cowdery. From the stories I read, these three seem instrumental in the translation / dictation of the original vision, and even in the early formation of the church in April, 1830. If they say 'No, Lucifer was not a created being," then ask them how Satan is not co-equal to God. If they assert that he is, they are Gnostics, as evidenced by their dualism. Paul clearly calls Gnostics heretics. I think you are on safe ground then calling them the same. Accountability Distraction Pure Witness At its most basic, evangelizing in pairs builds in accountability, a mutual commitment to a shared goal, reinforced by the social pressure of knowing another human being is aware of whether or not you are adhering to your commitment. Additionally, there is a certain encouragement. As Ecclesiastes 4 says: I guess this is why the Nicene Creed says that Jesus "was begotten not made." If Jesus was made, then there is the possibility that God could make other sons.