But the climate of Medina did not suit him, and he fell sick. He felt very uneasy. So he took hold of an iron head of an arrow and cut his finger-joints. The blood streamed forth from his hands, till he died. Ibn Jawzi said: The problem with this is that Abraham built the Kaabah, and Solomon built the Bait ul Muqadas, and the time between them is more than a thousand years. It is narrated by Nisai: "Solomon built the Bait ul Muqadas ... " And it is narrated by Tibrani that: "David started the construction of Bait ul Muqadas and then Allah revealed that it would be built by Solomon" Its similar to the Arabic Akhi (brother) which also has cognates in Hebrew where they include tribal relations and similarity of character: And the Muslims have a consensus that it is not valid to refuse the funeral of a Muslim, be they those who have committed major sins or be they righteous and this is proven from the Prophet's sayings and actions. Praise be to Allah. And the Ulema are agreed on this except for the case of a Martyr, an Innovator (Ahle Biddah) and Rebels. Therefore, if you sure that hadith you have quoted has been falsified by modern day knowledge you may reject it as a prophetic saying. It should be noted that mentioned killing of Banu Qurayza's men was carried out according to the Jewish Law (Deutronomy 20:10-14) not Islamic Shariah. Here is the excerpt from NIV: Banu Qurayza had a treaty with Medina City State which they breached. The prophet gave them option whether he himself should impose a punishment on them or they want their own arbiter. They decided to go for the second option and chose Sa'd ibn Mu'adh. Yes, this one is in Al-Mustadrak by Hakim. 

This particular chain of narration is broken; one narrator is unknown (majhool ). We do not know who heard it from Ali (r.a). Therefore, it does not fulfill a basic criterion of being a sahih hadith. Footnote: (from Al-Dhahabi's summarization) on the criteria of Bukhari and Muslim 

From the NT, there seems to be evidence that Mary is related to the descendants of Aaron, brother of Moses, and it could be that the people referred to that: Furthermore there is no evidence that reciting Hadith has any virtue in itself. Hadith are meant to only be studied for the teachings in them and the words themselves do not have any virtue attached to them. 

[Both the Masjids (Kaabah and Temple of Jerusalem) were built by Adam. He first built the Kaabah in Mecca, then went to Jerusalem and built the Masjid ul Aqsa ...] On the other hand reciting Quranic verses in Prayer is proven from several sources, including the Quran itself: 

In the Torah there is mention of Melchizedek, a priest and ruler of Jerusalem in the time of Abraham who was on the true religion of Allah. Although this account is not present in the canonical books of the New Testament (as far as I am aware), its referred to in Catholic and Eastern Orthodox tradition and in some books of the apocrypha.