The inner circle was introduced in limited overs cricket in order to stop the bowling team setting these kinds of very defensive fields for long periods, which makes the game boring. Without any restrictions, the fielding team could set all the players back to stop boundaries which makes for boring cricket. For instance, see this description about what used to be possible in one day cricket before fielding restrictions were introduced. 

Note that the point about protection for the hand or fingers has been the source of some minor controversy over the years. Cricketers frequently injure their fingers while fielding and will often be seen with fingers taped up or two fingers taped together to protect a damaged finger. Usually this is permitted without any comment as it can actually make fielding harder. However, some players have at times gone a bit over the top and used sports tape to such an extent that they may as well be wearing a glove. As the law above suggests, it is up to the Umpires to judge if the tape being used is only what is required for a specific injury or is being used to gain an advantage. 

The individual Federations, in this case FINA, make all decisions of this nature, not the IOC. Only FINA could strip someone of a medal, following whatever rules they have for the particular situation. As noted, the appeal period has passed so this result will stand according to the rules that all FINA sanctioned events are run under. 

Fielding the ball A fielder may field the ball with any part of his person but if, while the ball is in play he wilfully fields it otherwise, (a) the ball shall become dead and 5 penalty runs shall be awarded to the batting side. See Law 42.17 (Penalty runs). The ball shall not count as one of the over. 

See Law 41 in the rules of cricket 

Protective equipment No member of the fielding side other than the wicket-keeper shall be permitted to wear gloves or external leg guards. In addition, protection for the hand or fingers may be worn only with the consent of the umpires. 

In non limited overs cricket (i.e. 5 day test match cricket or 4 day 'First class' cricket), there are almost no restrictions on where fielders can be positioned, the only restriction being a limit of two players behind square on the leg side. You will sometimes see situations in which every fielder, apart from the wicket keeper, is on the boundary. This is sometimes known as a 'ring field'. Typically you would see this if a top order batter is batting with a tail-ender. The bowling team wants to stop the batter scoring boundaries, but are happy for them to score a single bringing the tail-ender on strike who they have a better chance of getting out. 

As part of the requirements to be considered an Olympic sport, all Federations must adhere to the rules around doping as stipulated by WADA. These are pretty tough, including the retrospective stripping of medals that goes far beyond most other forms of cheating or dubious actions. 

The way the inner circle works is that a certain number of players (the exact number differs between 50 over and 20 over cricket) must be within that circle. This means that there will always be some gaps on the boundary that the batter can target with attacking shots. In powerplays, the number of fielders that must be in the inner circle is increased, meaning even more gaps in the outfield giving the batter the incentive to hit the ball in the air over the top of the infield into the gaps, or even to try and hit a 6 knowing that if they miss hit it there are less outfielders who might be able to catch it. 

The other convention that does not appear explicitly in the rules but is always adhered to is that spin bowlers may not use any tape or covering on their bowling hand. This is because tape would allow a much better grip on the ball allowing the bowler to impart much more spin than otherwise. It is also a matter of conditioning since spin bowling a lot of overs leads to blistering and even bleeding at the point of contact between the fingers and the ball. It is part of the art of spin bowling to build up the toughness of the hand to cope with this, rather than covering it with tape. 

The rules are very clear, the wicket keeper is the only player allowed to wear gloves. All other players would incur a 5 run penalty every time they touched the ball while wearing gloves. This includes for instance taking off your hat in order to use it to catch the ball (I have seen this done in a park cricket match!). 

For the record, in this situation the rules, or the enforcement of them, are to blame and not the athlete(s). van der Burgh is guilty only of excess honesty (and this is coming from an Australian). This is on par with say basketball players bending the rules on travelling but getting away with it due to a relaxed interpretation from the umpires. Is that cheating? I wouldn't think so, it's just optimising performance within the imposed constraints.