There is also a loading screen tip saying 

Left clicking assigns the item or spell to your right hand and right clicking assigns it to your left hand. So you want to right click on a shield and left click on a spell. 

I'm pretty sure that all containers in your house are supposed to be safe, there should be no difference between cupboards, dressers or chests. I've been keeping my stuff for a long time now in all kinds of containers in my home, nothing has vanished so far. The first giant I met killed me with one hit, flinging me high up in the air. Now at around level 40 I can kill a giant with 2-4 hits of my daedric mace. The giants are one of the enemies that are present very early, but they don't adjust down to your early levels. They always have a certain minimum level, if you meet them early in the game they will be probably tens of levels above you. It should look like this, where both the shield and the spell are marked in the inventory and favorite list: 

Experience bonus: This is hinted at with the idea of Spouse Management, but the experience bonus from being 'Well-Rested' is doubled when you sleep in a bed you own (from 5 to 10 percent), and tripled (to 15%) if you do so in an owned bed shared with your spouse. This is a huge help to grinding up the last few points of many hard to level skills, and the ability to have convenient crafting stations nearby makes it very easy to use this bonus to level those skills. Yes it's possible. Rather than trying to use the physics object grab or spamming Fus Ro Dah however, a better choice is to use one of the 'raise dead' spells from the Conjuration school. This will allow your Skeever Suitcase (or Bandit Backpack, Draugr Drawer, Vampire Valise, Necromancer Knapsack, Stormcloak Satchel, or even Legionairre Luggage - whatever is handy really) to follow you through cave, town, building, and zone entrances, offering much more versatility. Increasing crafting skills increases the potency of the product created. More powerful potions/enchants, and better smithing upgrades at a workbench. Increasing your skills makes you more effective in their use. The way in which this happens vary by skill. 

I had the same issue, it automatically picky my Gamepad as input on first starting Skyrim. There was an option called "360 Controller" in the System->Settings menu, after disabling it Skyrim defaults to mouse and keyboard on every start. 

The first giant I met killed me with one hit, flinging me high up in the air. Now at around level 40 I can kill a giant with 2-4 hits of my daedric mace. I'm pretty sure that all containers in your house are supposed to be safe, there should be no difference between cupboards, dressers or chests. I've been keeping my stuff for a long time now in all kinds of containers in my home, nothing has vanished so far. 

The dragons are part of the main quest, they are more closely adjusted to your level as the developers also had to expect some people directly starting with the main quest, not earning levels before that with side quests. The giants are passive, you can avoid them pretty easily. So having them far above your level doesn't stop your progress at all. Increasing lock picking increases the size of the 'Sweet Spot' when picking locks and increases the number of failed attempts before breaking a pick. 

Most of the weapon/armor skills manifest as direct damage/damage reduction increases that you'll see when you attempt to equip the related items. . There are two bullets missing from yx.'s excellent answer: 

When dual wielding, is there any penalty to the offhand weapon, whether of damage or attack speed? What about a spell equipped on that slot? Or is the dragonborn ambidextrous? 

Yes it's possible. Rather than trying to use the physics object grab or spamming Fus Ro Dah however, a better choice is to use one of the 'raise dead' spells from the Conjuration school. This will allow your Skeever Suitcase (or Bandit Backpack, Draugr Drawer, Vampire Valise, Necromancer Knapsack, Stormcloak Satchel, or even Legionairre Luggage - whatever is handy really) to follow you through cave, town, building, and zone entrances, offering much more versatility. 

In the case of the various schools of magic, it comes in the form of reducing the Magicka cost of higher level spells, allowing you to cast more powerful alternatives to your earlier weaker ones. 

Increasing crafting skills increases the potency of the product created. More powerful potions/enchants, and better smithing upgrades at a workbench. Increasing your skills makes you more effective in their use. The way in which this happens vary by skill. Experience bonus: This is hinted at with the idea of Spouse Management, but the experience bonus from being 'Well-Rested' is doubled when you sleep in a bed you own (from 5 to 10 percent), and tripled (to 15%) if you do so in an owned bed shared with your spouse. This is a huge help to grinding up the last few points of many hard to level skills, and the ability to have convenient crafting stations nearby makes it very easy to use this bonus to level those skills.