I already have 4 Raticates (one of which is powered-up to 325cp). And right now, I have 120 bits of Rattata candy to evolve even more of them. And every day I'm catching more Rattata. In the next photo, notice that the circles near me, that indicate a pokemon exists, do not have a pokemon at the center. This seems to prove the pokemon icons were just not being loaded. I'm gonna investigate empirically and go attack one. But, can someone explain this phenomenon? I just noticed (1) you can't purchase "potions" or "revives", (2) I have 55 and 43 respectively. By next week I'll have well over 100 of each. Is a 135-HP a reasonable value for 2750-CP Dragonite? Why are they called "tanky"? here is a photo of what these gyms looked like. When in motion they seem to sparkle to me. As a static photo, not so much sparkle: Now is Nov. 16 at 8-pm EST. All gyms are "sparkling". And, in these gyms, none of the icons for the Pokemon that occupy the gym are being shown. What does this mean? Why is it happening? note My numbers could be wrong. I don't know how many revives / potions you start with. But, I do know I walk by at least 14 Pokestops every day. I've heard people complain they can't buy revive and potion. How should I put all this "potion" and "revive" to use? Could it actually help me win a battle? The appraisal did say his best attribute was HP... I just powered-up my first Dragonite to 2750-CP. The IV is 82%. The appraisal says his best attribute is HP. But his new HP is only 135. My 2750-CP Gyarados has 150-HP. And a 2000-CP Arcanine has 135-HP. notes: There is a very bright full moon low in the eastern sky. For sure, adding an extra guy requires 10,000 prestige. But by that math, my gym should have been 90,000 prestige. Before power-up: 1983-CP / 116-HP After power-up: 2750-CP / 135-HP Leveling the Gym badge does have an affect on the game play. According to Niantic's post: This seems to contradict when a pokemon's motivation reaches 0 it still must be defeated. In fact, it contradict Ninatic's own article about the new changes: You've been banned. This doesn't really apply to you since this is your first time trying to play. You must wait for your Pokemon to be defeated in a gym however to get the coins. When a pokemons motivation reaches 0, it still must be defeated before it will return to you - giving you the coins. Niantic's support page states: If you take a look at this video at the very beginning, you can see that the symbol to initiate a fight looks like two Poké balls clashing together, and the CP never changes color (and the boxing glove next to the CP doesn't appear). Update: The IGN Wiki states that you cannot hatch a Ditto from an egg under the "Additional Ditto Catching Techniques." According to one Reddit, you are forced to transfer a Pokemon from your box before you can capture the Raid pokemon, or you can upgrade your space via purchasing upgrades. You will be exited from the gym, and will have to enter it again to fight the pokemon (as stated in the comments and other answer). Here is another potential solution - one I would try after the above: According to Niantic (the game makers): Your devices carrier could be potentially causing the problem. Besides switching carriers, there's not a whole lot you can do to fix this, nor is it really possible to tell if its because of the carrier or not. This is probably intentional. The support docs warn that once a Pokemon is transferred, there is no way to get it back. The lack of this feature might be to prevent accidental bulk releasing of your Pokemon. Depending on your device and network quality, restarting the Pokemon Go app right after tapping the Evolve button may be faster than the animation. Based on the other answer by Paras Shah I must have hit the limit with an earlier version of the game. I finally hit the limit in version 0.33.0, here's a high res screenshot of the alert (click the image for the full resolution): What is this used for? Should something be in this space that I'm not seeing? Looking at the details of my Pokemon, I see a blank space between the date I caught it and the "transfer" button. Similar to when you run out of Pokeballs, the game will alert you that you cannot catch any more Pokemon because you have hit the limit to the number of Pokemon you can have. I hit this limit once but forgot to take a screenshot. I will see if I can hit the limit once more and provide one for you.