Let's say there are 3 players playing (Small-Blind, Big-Blind and Under-the-Gun) and they got to the river. In live play, the re-assignments can get very tricky, especially if it's a large field. Are there any usual tricks that the tournament staff uses to achieve this ? The good thing about live tournaments, though, is that they usually take many more hours; this will help with re-assignments. Please note that these are the "official" rules. Each casino or home-game organizers can make up their own rules. However, you'll rarely see this, since it's pretty standard. 1). The last-aggressor situation. This applies when there is some betting activity on the river. Let's take some examples: This applies when everyone checks on the river a.k.a. no betting activity (this is the situation you're most interested in, from what I can tell). There are 2 main cases to the "who must show the cards" rule: In online poker moving players is particularly easy, for obvious reasons. From what I've seen, the players are re-arranged in such a way that the difference between the smallest and largest table is 1 player at most. This seems logical. But it doesn't explain which players to re-assign. You must note that you can do this multiple run(s) when you're playing at home for example with your friends; even certain casinos allow it. But it is usually not allowed in official championships/tournaments: you'll never see this at WSOP, WSOPE, WPT, EPT etc. Note that doubling the previous raise is different than doubling the previous bet. If I were to bet 100 and you raised to 300, someone could raise to 500, even though it would take 600 to double your bet. As of October 2017, the two biggest places for US players to play are currently on sites that are part of either the Pai Wang Luo Network (such as Ignition Casino and Bovada Poker) or the Winning Poker Network (such as America's Cardroom, Black Chip Poker and True Poker). Both sets of sites get a reasonable amount of traffic. PWL Network does not offer much in the way of rewards or rakeback, but it has anonymous tables that prevent player tracking and thus the games are quite soft. WPN has a high rewards VIP program or a 27% rakeback program. Most importantly, both options still accept US players. I have deposited with them using my credit card in the past, and more recently using Bitcoin. According to The Merkle, America's Cardroom just started accepting over 60 cryptocurrencies on top of Bitcoin. You should always put all your chips together over the betting line in casinos. Because in the end it doesn't matter if you said what you wanted to bet, if no one hears that exactly. With putting all neccessary chips at once to the right place you are always in a good position regarding any problems of missunderstanding. Then you always have to remove the chips you put in later. For that reason i always say a number i want to bet or raise. So everybody knows whats going on. to protect yourself, don't do that. People won't like you on the table anymore after you fight for your position in such a situation as well. No, there is no such poker rule in gerneral. Player behaviour is often covered in the so called house rules. Some rules which are can be found in the house rules: I always read house rules and see the tiny differencens since I use to deal as well and like to keep myself informed This things should be declared in the "house rules". Same for the muck rule, if you can muck losing hands without showing after paying the river. Or if it's allowed to show one of your cards in middle of the game to the opponent. etc. etc.