While I understand that you love your brother, and are very affected by how he acts, both toward you and your parents, I don't know if there is much that you can do. If it were your parents asking, I would advise them to disable his computer altogether, or make it disappear. That is extreme, but so is his behavior. If your parents allow him to continue to have his way, and there are not consequences when he physically strikes people in order to get his way, things will only get worse. 

This will cause him to value what he receives more than he values them now. And he will be happier about the things that he has. The problem with being given everything you want is that it is never enough, and you are always unsatisfied. If you must earn what you are given, you feel better about yourself. 

My daughter is a hoarder. She once saved 200 pennies (averaging a little over 1 per day) and decided she wanted to spend it on a vacation to Disneyland for the whole family. Eventually her hoard got so large I was spray painting nickels, dimes and quarters, but it was a great way to encourage her to earn about money. Her habits were also due to her early childhood (she was a "good" child according to the orphanage -> translate -> she didn't cry so we could leave her in her crib by herself and she taught herself not to want anything) 

It is too bad that your father is modeling physical violence, and his son is imitating the father. This also leads to very bad things later (I assume this because you say he is harsh and this makes your brother violent). Physical punishment usually teaches little except violence. That gives her something to look forward to, and can help her wait quietly, knowing she has a treat coming. I'd tell her that you have a certain amount of work that needs to get done each day, and if you can get it done faster (read: without interruptions) you will be able to stop working sooner and you and she will have more time for fun. If she can't manage to keep from interrupting you, then, regretfully, you won't have time for the treat. Make sure she knows you are disappointed because you were looking forward to it. Try to think of ways that she can be near you without being too disruptive. If you are cooking, try to find some small task that she can do. My daughter also has delays and coordination issues (she can bathe herself but cannot manage to get the snarls out of her hair or wash it by herself), so it is difficult to think of things that she can do to help, but I ask her to stir soup or set the table or clean up a spill or take out the garbage. I find that if I give her enough things to do she eventually gets tired of it and wanders off to read a book or watch TV just to get some time to herself :)