Summary of why Infinity Edge is Not recommended on the above champions Vayne - Vayne can pick up an Infinity Edge as one of her first major purchases but it does not necessarily need to be rushed. Vayne's Silver Bolts deal damage based on the maximum health of the target and her innate ability (Night Hunter) gives her a move speed buff so long as she is moving toward an enemy she can see. What Vayne is lacking early in the game is an escape. Picking up a Zeal and boots early on will allow you to close, get additional procs of you Silver Bolts ability and escape with the added movement speed if necessary. Tumble can dodge some abilities and Condemn can stun enemies if they are foolish enough to stand next to walls but it is better to assume that your enemies will do what will cause you the most harm and account for your ability use. 

Firstly, since you are asking the question we are going to assume YOU are going to be the team leader. As such, you need the following skills. This means that Nunu is a given, Hello Nunu! Would you mind carrying auras for me? Thanks! (280% AS remaining) 

Kennen's Slicing Maelstrom (again, doesn't stop the ult, but saves your team a lot of damage) Frostbite deals double damage to champions "slowed by an ice effect." This seems to imply that any ice effect should work, but the forums seem divided on the matter. If you're going for pure AP, then obviously you want to have a Rabadon's Deathcap. It grants 120 AP, and has a unique passive that modifies your AP up 30%. 

Our final total stats are: 395% Attack Speed 180.6 AP 445 Bonus Attack Damage 7% Damage Multiplier 3v3 Rabadon's Zhonya's, and Mejai's are all disabled, as are Exalted with Baron Nashor and Elixer of Brilliance. Our totals right now are: 115% Attack Speed (280% Remaining) 59+5% Ability Power 40 Bonus Attack Damage 7% Damage multiplier Fiddlesticks' Crowstorm (doesn't stop the ult, but does save your team a lot of damage), Drain (less common, as it is a single-target, and has a short cd) It depends who you are playing against, but it's mostly meant to be used defensively. Deathfire Grasp is worth 120 AP, exactly as much as Rabadon's Deathcap, and would make a good filler item, as while the Active won't stack, you will get the 10% cooldown reduction repeatedly. You have to know the capabilities of the champions you are leading . Note the emphasis on the preceeding "." You have to know each of your ally's strengths, weakness and limitations. Ideally you should be familiar with all of their abilities and those ability's strengths, weaknesses and limitations. There are too many champions and abilities to cover them and their interactions here but here is an example: 

Vayne - Vayne can pick up an Infinity Edge as one of her first major purchases but it does not necessarily need to be rushed. Vayne's Silver Bolts deal damage based on the maximum health of the target and her innate ability (Night Hunter) gives her a move speed buff so long as she is moving toward an enemy she can see. What Vayne is lacking early in the game is an escape. Picking up a Zeal and boots early on will allow you to close, get additional procs of you Silver Bolts ability and escape with the added movement speed if necessary. Tumble can dodge some abilities and Condemn can stun enemies if they are foolish enough to stand next to walls but it is better to assume that your enemies will do what will cause you the most harm and account for your ability use.