Its a terrible position to be in, I wish you the best of luck. 

The experience taught her that she is a human being, and that she should respect herself and authority figures ( parents, police, etc ). 

It appears you do not know the root cause for this behavior. You must figure out why this behavior is happening. Are you taking him to school, and if so how is he being allowed to leave the school? If not, and your able to, I would walk him into the building to make sure he actually get's in the door. 

I will preface this answer as a last resort. Try all other options first: 

If nothing else works, I would suggest a military school. At one point we had a friend whose daughter thought she would run wild over her parents (drinking, pot, sex, the works ), and they put her in military school and her attitude did a 100% about face. 

The kids of my GF, 14 and 11 respectively, have that annoying tendancy to nag at each other when night time is coming. Teen girl likes to pout and teenage boy thinks himself as some kind of prima donna that like to be respected. 

TG: Oh! I know this charade! I give you the answer 

I'm bit at loss between strict authoritarian rule and too much laissez faire. I know the limit is between the two but I could not find my balance yet. I know that their mum should be doing the discpline but she has more of a friend's attitude toward them and sometimes just sometimes, she has a all or nothing attitude, yell or unconditional love. 

I'm also a bit at loss because, well , it is a teenage boy and also a teenage girl 

TG: Oh this is the rabbit I draw (she goes to the screen and point that out to us) 

Luckily, they don't do it often but when they do, I'm at loss at what I should say if I should say anything. Usually, I'm taking a back seat and it is like I'm having to endure a bad play, a funny bad play I would say but still a bad play. 

My aim is to get minimal peace of mind when I'm arriving at home, but if I want that minimal peace of mind, I have to intervene (or I think I do). One of my belief is I should intervene only if their behaviour are going out of hands and that they should find a way to deal with their issues or simply to be able to behave properly, despite the tiredness/emotional upheaval. 

TB: TG! Are these your pics or mine? Do you want to show them or should I??? 

TG will not answer because she pouts due to sensitiveness over different topics 

Most likely, my question will be very much opinion based but to be honest, your insights are more than welcome as I'm learning parenthood and hopefully, becoming a decent one.