For example: when replicating an experiment it doesn't fundamentally matter who does it. You can do it yourself. It's hard to do it yourself, though, in an unbiased way. It's much better if you can get another mostly-disinterested party to do it. But fundamentally it's not the sociology of getting (relatively) independent replication to happen which is science; it's that it happens. You query the world repeatedly: is this how you work? The sociology is just our way of getting those queries done in a reasonable way. If you could meditate and do it yourself, program robots to do it, or whatever, it would be just as much of science: it would still test that the phenomenon is reliable and (if done properly) that you know how to elicit it. 

The scientific process includes a variety of sociological components. As social animals--and simply because there is not enough time or talent for individuals to do enough experiments and theorizing themselves--we need ways to share what we've found, and the mechanics of peer review and so on are all there to preserve and enhance our ability to perform reliable predictions in the face of many human tendencies that would naturally undermine them. tl;dr Science is the process of finding things out. The sociology of science is linked, but isn't intrinsic to science; it's what we need to do as biased social animals to make sure we don't mess up the process. Secondly, we can identify things like a cold spot as existing, which actually have less energy than their surroundings; or like a printed triangle, which has the same energy as many other configurations of ink on paper. So although you need mass and energy as a substrate, it is convenient to make distinctions about what exists on the basis of no difference in energy or a reduction of energy. These sorts of distinctions tend to be richer and more complicated than whether or not there is any matter at all, and so the insight that no matter and no energy is nothing does not get one very far. 

The answer is, of course, "whatever you force it to be by picking appropriate definitions of 'later stage of evolution' and 'possibilities of action'". Although I do not agree with everything in the article (e.g. it is far too focused on Darwin) it seems to be a pretty good introduction to how one should think of beauty from an evolutionary perspective. If you want your metaphysics to be consistent with the second law, you are not allowed to assume something that would lead to less-than-zero entropy far in the past. You could decide that the universe is an adiabatic reversible process (entropy = constant), or that it approaches adiabatic reversibility as you go further back in time. You could postulate that there was some time in the past where the rules changed or things started. Or you could devise a scheme where the system isn't closed, or assume that it's infinite (i.e. you can in principle push your entropy away to infinity to have whatever local entropy you like). Since you only need at least one of these to be true for the 2nd law to not be problematic, you have a lot of wiggle room. If you are interested specifically in philosophical thought regarding the existence of regularities themselves, it's a general concern of epistemology (among other subfields). It's most prominent, typically, when considering very clear regularities like scientific laws. 

(In short, when trying to understand the scientific process, pay more attention to Popper, Kuhn, and Quine than Holland and Deleuze.) One could of course define one's terms differently. This would be a mistake, though, as it would leave us without a word that we could use to compactly describe the process of finding reliable knowledge. Let's not! We do need to understand the sociology of science in order to do science better (and to understand society better), but we also need to understand how to do science--how to find things out--for the sociology to even matter. You are simply noticing that generalization works; not everything is a special case. An analogy is just a form of generalization where instead of stating the general form, you state a different specific form. So instead of saying, 

The analogy invites the reader to perform the generalization step. It's useful as people often have an easier time making a generalization themselves than they do comprehending a generalization told to them. (The drawback is that you haven't said what to generalize or where exactly to stop.) But this is more a matter of pedagogy than of the underlying structure of reality. But that this is the only possible choice is not entirely clear, and the answer depends intimately on those choices. But if you're just looking for something grand to feel good about as a human, "We can save life!" is a decent place to start. 

The answer, for a materialistic physical viewpoint, which is what is commonly assumed in the field, is no it does not exist (depending on what you mean by exist). You correctly identify that objects that have neither mass nor energy are actually not anything at all. (Edit: because, for example, for them to have any effect on anything they'd have to violate the laws of conservation of energy or momentum.) 

Full version Science a process that can be conducted in a social or individual context that increases the likelihood that the practitioner(s) will be able to understand and predict recurring phenomena in the world. When we become particularly good at our predictions ("in a vacuum, things experience a force towards each other of G*m*M/r^2"), we like to abbreviate our certainty of reliability by saying that what we know is true. To mistake this for absolute truth is to stop engaging in science.