Could we get a full explanation of what's going on? What's the point of trying to do cleanup on my niche tags, if it will all be for naught? 

It should have been closed and locked, and left alone. Here's the message I get when I try to create the synonym: 

It is truly sad when one moderator will unilaterally close and a delete a question that's been on the site over four years, and is relatively popular. Looks like auto-login is a fail. - parsererror - retry / cancel 

Could someone please explain what's happening here, and if there is more to come? 

You can (as mentioned in the comments): It doesn't look like anyone has received the Generalist badge on Meta. Will this be implemented here at some date? When a user is suspended, they go to 1 reputation point. Your reputation will come back when you come out of suspension. 

There are 1861 questions tagged editing and the tag wiki says: 

I really think both should be synonymed to editing, but because of the prior synonyming it won't allow me to create the tag synonym. Could we please get this done? 

I haven't hit 10k on Stack Overflow yet, so I was quite surprised when hitting a link to a question that it turns out to be deleted, but yet the content was shown (all in one box). Besides the content box was shown this message (names edited out): I think it might work better if you just allowed everyone to vote one of the three statuses on every question, then picked five of the top-voted ones in the on and off-topic categories for each site. Also, chat is giving weird messages and inverting the order of the messages (probably related), like so: Posting here is the right way to approach this if you are under 10k, otherwise you can first flag the question and try to get another moderator to review it. 

I placed a bounty on a question of mine, and got no answers. Instead of the bounty going away when it expired, it's still hanging out there. I don't need the rep back, I just want to create another bounty and can't. All the sites, other than Stack Overflow, have their own individual Metas. You need to get a +2 post on each individually attached Meta to get the Quorum badge on each site. Very occasionally, on Meta, I'll see a flag count in my header bar, like so: There are 239 questions tagged edit and it has no wiki. 

You didn't permanently lose the points, you were suspended for a week. 

I'm scared to death to go back into web applications and try to rank 163 questions, so I can pick the best 5+5. It hurts my head just thinking about it. 

My guess is that the number is for flagged comments, but since I'm not a mod I can't see the comments, so there is some glitch showing me the mod flag count. 

This would make it a lot quicker for all involved, and wouldn't weight as heavily the first questions posted. 

The tag edits was synonymed already to edit (though I think it would have been better the other way). 

It looks like the auto-login feature doesn't work for me (on Firefox 3.6.9). I've just had to re-sign into each site individually. 

I go to my profile and look through my questions there. 

Though I like a modification of what's been mentioned here, for the Search box: