To end the question with the questions: The argument for revoking materially dependent persons the right to vote by many authors (e.g. Locke, Kant himself, and, very influential for Kant, Achenwall/Wolff in Germany and Abbe Sieyès in the wake of the French Republic) is that they are dependent. In fact, allowing them to vote would, so the argument says, result in them voting to please their masters or the persons they depend on. By that, those who own more would have more weight in the electorate than those who are independent as well, but own less. Or, to put it differently: Some citizens would effectively have more than one vote. So, given you want equal vote, you either disqualify some as active citizens (Kant's solution) or fight against material dependency as a whole (Marx' solution), see e.g. Vorländer, K. (1926). Kant Und Marx Ein Beitrag Zur Philosophie des Sozialismus. All translations are from Kant, I. (2011). Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals: A German-English Edition, eds. Mary Gregor and Jens Timmermann. Cambridge: CUP. I refer to the CUP translation of the German-English edition by Timmermann and McGregor, quoting the important part, because it is much closer to the original style and meaning (4:428): Ad [1.] That is why we do not actually transport our selves in these thought experiments, we only imagine thinkable standpoints we as body-mind unifying selves could (or, in this case could not) take and how it could/would feel like. But we do not really feel it as the unity needed for a self. Therefore there is no "I" that is imagined doing the viewing in any substantial way a self is to be thought. First of all, I agree on both points made by @MauroAllegranza (as I often do). As you can see this could refer to "pure intuitions" (or intellectual intuition) of things-in-themselves ("of a whole as such"), but is only ascribed to understandings fundamentally different from ours. It would also be coherent to your quote as only archetypal/intuitive understanding would include intuitions of things-as-themselves as it literally produces exactly what it thinks by thinking it (basically Gods understanding), so that it automatically intuits them as a whole. Long version Although frowned upon, I think it is helpful here to blockquote the important part from After Finitude from the beginning of chapter three directly and comment it: Regarding respect as some kind of 'link' between beauty and the sublime and destinguished from each of them In section 29 Kant writes something that can be understood as some kind of the basis for the possibility of beauty as symbol of morality. First of all, he destinguishes by the object: One of the most common criticisms of Descartes' is his underlying solipsism (imho inevitable outcome of certain kinds of scepticism). Meillassoux seems convinced that all he could be objected for is his 'species solipsism', which obviously is no problem at all as long as we do not have an external standard of truth. His conception is more in line with en vogue versions of realism (although Descartes tried to account for that as well). Aside In German, the translation of sui iuris - selbständig - coincedentally can be understood both as independent and self-employed, which may be understood as the modern equivalent of what Kant describes here. Kant is thus guilty of a petitio principii which only becomes clear to him through Garve’s objection (for the published version [i.e. Göttinger Anzeigen] of the review had passed over this point as incomprehensible). His explanation presupposes the very thing it is supposed to explain. (The Twenty-Five Years of Philosophy, p.52)