The reason why this is important is that they aren't capturing any difference of size at all — after ω, all of the ordinals that I've described to you thus far have exactly the same number of elements, when we describe the size of a set by cardinality. The ordinal numbers are clearly capturing a lot of information about structure, in that there are many limit ordinals which only come after infinitely long sequences of successive iterations, e.g. as 8ω2+3ω comes only after the entire sequence 8ω2+2ω+1, 8ω2+2ω+2, 8ω2+2ω+3, ... but if you allow yourself to consider ways of matching up elements in a way which does not preserve the order of the elements, you can match the elements of all of these "polynomials" of ω with each other. 

Much of Gödel, Escher, Bach concerns the limitations of formal systems, the inherent difficulty of determining the locus of meaning, and the emergence of complex behaviours from simple components. 

I interrupt this excerpt to note that this "last word" remark smacks of a sort of privilege — the argument is that because the machine is the object and we are the subject scrutinising it from our lofty position, and it in no position to respond (in particular as it is not present for the discussion), we find that we are able to win the argument by default. Hints of this reading of the question of artificial intelligence through the lens of civil rights and systems of power is present in Turing's own article Computing Machinery and Intelligence, but of course from the opposing camp. A similar analogy to civil rights with regards to AI is made much more baldly in Hofstadter's parable of "Loocus the Thinker" later in this same chapter. 

Hypothetically, the father doesn't have to be "born" in any epoch, unless there are things which are meant to be older than him — even something finitely older than him would imply that there was at least one moment in time in which the father didn't exist, and that moment has to belong to an epoch under this model of time. So, just having three epochs would suffice, although there could be more. 

As to how to treat causality of these infinitely aged creatures on their presumably less permanent environment, it's hard to say. If the infinitely old creatures are the only fixed points of the world, so that everything about them is subject to change, then it is only meaningful if we suppose that there are meaningful features of the world as a whole in one epoch which arose as a result of the behaviour of the old ones in a previous epoch. 

In the same vein, in computer science, we denote the value of a bit usually by either 0 or 1; but here '0' doesn't mean 'nothing' nor does 1 mean 'one thing', but rather they represent two distinguishable states of a physical system, such as a voltage in a wire. Furthermore, these values are used to represent 'false' and 'true' respectively, in reference to some proposition (e.g. "The computer is connected to the network".) In this case, 'true' and 'false' are also no more than the distinguishable states of affairs about a proposition which has two polarized, distinguishable configurations: one which satisfies the proposition, and one which does not. Our notion of "truth" and "falsehood" in the bivalent picture comes from trying to draw such polarized distinctions in the world around us, and to comprehend the world in terms of such polarized distinctions.