(Note: I could found the mentioned information. So, I hope you could use them to find its precise day (by calculating the info. above. Initially it is necessary to mention that Taha is from the words which are Moqata'eh in the holy Qur'an and it has come at the initial verse of Surah-Taha. Your question is indeed so interesting. I found some similar matter(s) with some or even much differences. In truth, as a view of Shia and based on what I found: 

Hence, logically and likewise in accordance with the mentioned verses, we can figure out it is not rational that mankind be able to assign or select such a significant position (succession) of the Prophet (pbuh). 

According to another definition, In accordance with Sura Al-Anbiya verses 92-94: 

http://islamquest.net/en/archive/question/fa1144 

solale.ir (in Farsi (Persian)) 

Moses said: "O’ Allah) assign me a vizier from my family, (that is) my brother Aaron (Haroon) ...,”(Allah) said: "We granted your requests, O’ Moses.”(20:29-36). 

Of course I found some other relevant verses which could be profitable to see them. Such as: In “Kahf:6 shows the severe sorrow of the Prophet for the aberration of people: 

For instance, our hadiths have mentioned regarding Aghigh: At the moment, they(Sadah) have not any main place in the world and in fact they are dispersing in many countries. Hence it is not possible to say that all of them are only in a specified country, because of some reasons such as political matters(war,..), economic problems(business, immigration,..), cultural matters(marriage,..) and so on. As mentioned before, they(Sadah) are in many countries such as: Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, India, Turkey, Lebanon, China, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, Greece and many other countries. 

E.g. look at the following sentence example: 

Consequently it indicates that how much they are submitting against Allah and his apostle (pbuh). 

It could be considered from another angle as well. In truth, it couldn't be haram if you solely intend to say prayer beside those graves as holy places (or shrines). Actually their intention is for God and they just selected them as some holy places of saint individual(s) which can better for worshipping Allah through that holy situation more than common situations, not as idol (as if some groups strive to pretend/accuse us/them as if we regard them as idol! ...). Since as a usual rule, the place of the worshiping is significant as well and it could be better if your place be saint. So we can invoke the Surah al-Kahf (verse 21th) that says: As a result of his sagacity and trustworthiness, Khadija bint Khuwaylid, a Qurayshi lady wellknown for her wealth, appointed him as the custodian of her possessions and left in his hands the task of conducting her commercial affairs. The Prophet once journeyed to Damascus with Khadija’s merchandise and as a result of the ability he displayed was able to make an outstanding profit. Before long she asked to become his wife and the Prophet accepted her proposal. After the marriage, which occurred when he was twentyfive years old, the Prophet began the life of a manager of his wife’s fortunes, until the age of forty, gaining meanwhile a widespread reputation for wisdom and trustworthiness. The apostle of Allah (peace be upon him and his family) put his tongue in Imam Hassan’s mouth (when Hassan was a newborn), then Imam Hassan sucked it. Or as another issue, it is narrated that: (briefly) 

How did the prophet come to know her? 

Firstly in the case that @Daniel mentioned, if the meaning of the person is "my name is Muhammad", then it doesn't seem to be haram It can demonstrate that obtaining the science or Elem has a very high importance from the view of Islam as what the apostle of Allah peace be upon him and his household said that “Seek knowledge even as far as China”. Of course rationally and actually logically its meaning can be related to the Naafe’ or beneficent sciences which are profitable and useful for the humans not every science. That based on the above-mentioned hadith is can be inferred that it is even worth of while if you have to take trip to far places in order to achieve science. 

This word (Ummah) has come 65 times in the holy Qur’an (Singular and plural). Its meaning in the Qur'an is people (Surah Al-Baqarah(2):213) and likewise humans who have religious union(3:110, 2:143). Frequently, it has come in the narrations as Ummatl-Muhammad or Ummati or Ummam, and it means a school or group that follows a prophet. Ummam also is applied as prior kinfolk and nations that Allah has sent them a prophet. As far as I searched, I found nothing related about it. Of course, it could be surveyed from some aspects such as: 

http://islamquest.net/en/archive/question/fa1962 Secondly according to a tradition from Imam Ja'far Sadiq (a.s.): 

Paying attention to the verse below (Tu’bah: 107) could be helpful and useful in regarding the disadvantages of that Masjib (mosque) Accordingly I reckon the answer of your question is ‘God’. Thus as you mentioned in your explanation part of the question, the mentioned verse of Holy Quran could be the most appropriate guide for your question which is: 

Actually the man utters the sentence above (note: He must name her wife instead of the word FOLAN at the mentioned phrase). 

Ummah in the Quran It is used for non-Muslims as well. Here, the purpose of Ummah is a large group of people that have the same language or religion or have the same geographical land. As a general rule, worshiping of the graves could be counted as a haram/forbidden act. But there is a significant point regarding its ruling that could be related to the intention of the person who says prayer. Actually intention is counted as the reason which specifies it as a halal or haram act (Shirk). As it mentioned before, if you go to the graves to worship them, it could be counted as a haram act. But in the case that you consider them as the mediator between you and Allah (not worshiping them), then it won’t be haram. The following site has elaborated it.