Most scholars say as the rules of the shari'a are valid for women and men and as there are no clear references saying that this worship is only valid for men they shouldn't be prohibited to perform it. But whether they can participate in the prayer if it would mean go out of their houses or not is still a bit unclear and a discussed matter among sunni scholars: 

Basically an intention is made up in your mind. As for example if you want to pray a prayer you prepare yourself by thinking that you might need to perform wudu' etc. so the process basically starts in the mind, with the heart (which might guide you to do good things). In Arabic we say the niyyah is in our heart -also meaning inside ourselves-! 

If you can't get this off even by washing, you have done enough effort to clean your pants! And therefore you can consider it as tahir! 

Here are some fatwas: Do woman need to pray tarawih? and how woman should pray tarawih at home? 

According your description you seem to have prayed the first time a Eid prayer. 

Arguments against covering the face 

Some criticism on the hadiths of the opposite view Let' start with the two ahadith from al-Muwatta' 

The hanafis according as-Sarakhsi in his mabsot consider praying four raka'a (without interruption by taslim) as sunnah however praying six raka'a is also considered in the madhab as you may read in the answer of a relevant post! 

And in general Nafl=Sunnah (they are synonyms) as it is a kind of "extra or optional worship" the Messenger of Allah (peace be upon him) made which is not prescribed by Allah in the Qur'an... 

I would like to know if it is possible for an Imam in congregation to interrupt the prayer for some reasons. For example some of the praying believers have been attacked or a he's hearing murmur or something behind him or some part of then mosque (pillar/wall...) is collapsing. 

In his sharh (commentary) of Sunan an-Nasa-i Imam as-Suyuti said: this is a castigation for the one who doesn't pray and an alarming for him, which says you are nearer to become a kafir than being a Muslim or that you may end up as a non-Muslim if you don't repent and pray. He also added a quote of Al-Bayahqi saying something like this could also be taken literally as not praying could be considered as a disbelief which should be punished by taking his life as Imam Ahmad concluded from this hadith taking it literally. 

Is praying the hands to the sides really the view of Malik? First of all note that the opinion that imam Malik disliked putting the right hand over the left hand is based on the unique statement of his student Abdurrahman ibn al-Qassim in al-Mudawana. Earlier scholars of this school (especially hadith specialists) like al-Qadi 'iyad even said that this is a misinterpretation of the statement of ibn al-Qassim, as what was frowned upon is putting one hand on the other in nafl prayer while leaning against a wall or something to keep in position. While ibn 'Abd-al-Barr that almost all narrations quoting a position for the hand quote the right hand over left option (ibn 'abd-al-Barr had shafi'i tendencies). Other students of Malik like those from Medina didn't confirm this or maybe even held the opinion that putting right hand on left hand is sunnah (those from 'Iraq)! 

Ibn Taymiyyah said: If you had in mind that you are fasting tommorrow then you already have made your niyyah.