So What I'm hearing is this: the only time the ex is a parent is when the Significant Other acts, or doesnt, based on what he's afraid the ex might do. 

You guys can't do that. You're both clearly hamstrung by fear of this person's reaction. Eff That. And here's some tuff love: Grow up. Own it. 

2) Detail the situation. What I've done is gotten down on their level, holding them tight by the side so they can't get away. 

Do what you need to do with your child, and tell the woman to her face 

Because you know what? If you're very clear VERY clear about the rules surrounding any punishment you mete out to your 5yo, and you make sure the ex knows what they are, there isn't a family lawyer in the world that will try to take that to court. 2ndarily, legal crap is expensive... and would I be wrong to say that she's not that great with money? 

Ugh. I have a first wife, too. She also was a fool. Still is. Quick tip unrelated to the forum: If you break things down to the most obvious base elements, she simply cannot be argue without sounding like a moron. 

3) Punish. Never "let it go this one time". Do not argue with her thinking "maybe this time was different". Do not become the Court of Daddy and allow her to plead her case. She's 5. Like all 5 yr olds she has a very very short list of goals, most of which have nothing to do with other people. So when you say "Bring it." you're doing a couple things 

Bottom line: You have to change the atmosphere. Hard. Even if you don't do what I've outlined here, some kind of a dramatic change is needed and she's got to know, very clearly, those things that are unacceptable and that mommy (the ex) isn't going to save her from punishments at your house. In terms of the "its not fairs" in life that crop up as a related issue, I simply respond with "fair is a place we go to see farm animals, ride rides and eat cotton candy." What is "fair" is not always what is equal and "fair" doesn't generally exist in life most of the time anyway. I listen to Alice's feelings about something first, empathize and if there is an area where a compromise can be made, I'll make it, but, at different ages I have also offered up different examples of how "fair" doesn't really matter and isn't realistic to attain. It is really important that you not look or act worried though. Your offer has to be made calmly so the child can assess the damage. Usually, I try not to react until after she is already upset (because most of the time, she doesn't bother if I don't) It has worked pretty well for us. 

How to Talk so Kids will Listen and Listen so Kids will Talk This book discusses the pitfalls of too much praise, how to use non-evaluative statements, how to correct or critique constructively instead of deconstructively and yes, how to actually listen to your kids (somewhat). It depends largely on how you define the term "punishment." Kids NEED to be allowed to make mistakes and suffer the consequences so they will learn. They need to be told no sometimes. At the same time, "punishment" in the traditional sense does not always have the intended effect. 

I've asked her for ideas she felt would help her remember (she didn't offer up anything other than, "I just need to remember, Mommy - I'll try harder." 

Regardless, you're not blackmailing your kid. You're trying to parent and teach consequences. And you're probably good at it -- you clearly care. 

The thing is, it sounds like blackmailing, but you are teaching that actions have consequences. "If you don't go to bed now you will be tired tomorrow" is a fact; however one that children won't get. Tomorrow is ages away and child cares mostly about now. But you actually know more about the child than it does when it is small, so you need to be able to reinforce what you say if they still don't listen, so sometimes you need a more immediate consequence. There are many other cases when they do have to listen to you, eg. for the sake of safety etc, which is something you can explain to you older child. If your child runs towards the road and doesn't stop when you shout then a punishment of some sort is very appropriate since that disobedience could result in the child's death. 

It's quite a recent thing. Sometimes we have done something that we know he will like and because he's in this mode of moaning/crying/wailing we can't communicate to him at all and explain what's going on. We have tried, but because his focus is on making noise, he doesn't hear it. For example, the dialogue goes: "It's time to get dressed for school now" "No." "We'll help you get dressed, but it is time or you'll be late" "No. I don't want to get dressed!" at this point this is repeated for many minutes. Any further negotiations, incentives, consequences; communication of any type is totally blocked because he's just saying the same thing over and over. What should we do to resolve the situation? Added benefit - we aren't getting invited to, and expected to attend every single one of the growing number of cousin's birthday parties anymore either. We just send a present and make a phone call. 

Kids generally want to be good and do the right thing AT FIRST. However, they are also curious and naive about things and need your guidance to stay out of trouble. They are also inherently selfish/self centered and particularly at certain ages and stages. 

For example, if your kids can't go out to eat without throwing food or pulling hair, the next time there is a chance to go out and have some fun get the child a really boring baby sitter and say, "sorry can't trust you to use good manners and I don't want to be embarrassed again." 

There are likely to be tears, "I know its really a bummer - we will miss you so much. This must be so sad for you, but you've shown me I just can't take you." Then, walk out the door. You've expressed empathy, but don't lecture, don't discuss, just leave.