I'm hoping that with your love and acceptance, and with time, she will mature and appreciate what a wonderful step-mother she has. 

Again, in the AAP practice guidelines for injury prevention in the first year of life, the pediatrician is directed to ask: Types/Requirements of Infant Fruits and Vegetables 

The same is true of walking. Probably since the beginning of communication, people have expressed different opinions about this. But long before that, babies have wanted to walk long before they were able to do so on their own, and parents have played the little game of holding their hands/wrists (not just hands) and doing so with their delighted child. Because it pleases their child, and there's nothing wrong with it. When the baby is tired, they'll signal that it's time to stop by not supporting their weight. 

The Academy does admit that parents perceive their babies derive pleasure from walkers. The point is they don't think the risk is worth the benefit. 

I don't go to pubs, so I can't really say. If it's not a rowdy place (and it actually sounds lovely), it wouldn't surprise me. One thing you might consider (which seems obvious but really isn't) is that infants of only a few weeks are relatively uncommon, because they grow so fast. When you see one, it stands out. So, one infant in a pub might actually be an uncommon sight. Here is an example of what states are allowed to approve for WIC eligibility. States have their own standards as well. 

The page discusses infant formula, exempt infant formula, milks, cheese, fruit and vegetable juices, shell eggs, canned/frozen fruits and vegetables, whole wheat bread, canned fish, and peanut butter. State agencies are required to authorize container sizes that provide the full maximum monthly allowance of foods without exceeding the maximum. 

Whatever you decide, I hope it works out for the best. I think it's great that you care enough to bring it here. 

It does, however, show that her responses are not mature, so I would not leave her alone in the presence of the children for more than very short periods until she's gained trust back from all involved. 

Your midwife misinformed you; infant audiological exams are routine. An infant's hearing can be assessed almost immediately after birth. If your child was born in the US, it is likely that a hearing test was done in the hospital before the infant went home. According to the CDC: 

To:dr - I think talking to a two week old during day-to-day activities is far more beneficial than reading to them. So the difference is in additives, etc, as outlined above. 

You have reason for concern; ​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​hearing loss is the most common congenital condition in the United States. According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, 

The main question for me is (and you, as you stated): was she harming the baby? Can it be said how? You can read more at the link provided or at your states WIC page. No, it's not normal for an 8 month old child to have never smiled, ever. Infants smile spontaneously from birth (some people attribute this to intestinal gas. It's most likely a reflex.) But they begin to smile responsively between one to two months of age, and laugh at two to four months of age. 

The latter, while it's straightforward and true, is a lot to give people suddenly. When people are anxious (which they will be as soon as you get it out), they have a natural tendency not to hear what you're saying and sometimes to react emotionally, not reasonably.* 

*I've learned this the hard way early and repeatedly. 

There is nothing wrong with it. In fact, on the used-worldwide Denver Developmental Milestone Screening Test, there's a specific entry for this - BEAR WEIGHT ON LEGS - starting at 2 months. Obviously at two months they can't pull their way up to the standing position. In this case, they stand on your lap while you hold them by the torso. I have always asked this question in my well-baby check ups. No one has ever asked if it was bad for the baby. I don't know where or when this myth arose, but it is a myth. You have a rebellious 14 year old living in your house, and she is testing her limits everywhere. Several things come into my mind as I write this. Please recognize that this is my opinion only as a mother and a doctor who understands a bit about infant cognitive abilities. 

Infants need to hear language all the time, from birth on. But their eyesight and cognitive abilities makes reading to them from birth pretty useless. Talking while cuddling, making their bottle, feeding them, changing them, carrying them around, etc. gives them plenty of information about the spoken language and phonological awareness. Once their vision gets better (and their cognitive skills improve), then by all means, start reading to them every day. You are not going to solve all these problems in a short time, especially if she's only staying for a month. It sounds like she has a lot of resentment towards her father, which would be very understandable if he left her mother. We don't have all the details. You have most of them. 

I think @MAA's answer is good and wise. It is good advice to follow. You can also add a heartbeat simulator (the baby heard this in utero), or a white noise maker at a very low setting. There are certain kinds of "rockers" (they aren't really rockers so much as just moving the baby in a repetitive pattern, like the pricy Momaroo) that soothe a baby, though you are not supposed to let them sleep in them.