Does the fact that they are steel (instead of aluminum) remove the risk of a blowout? I want to know if this bike is safe to ride with the tires at 80-100 psi. I don't want the (front) rim to explode at 40mph. 

They didn't seem to acknowledge my presence at all (which was fine with me), except for one guy who cast a glance at my bike (a mtb). 

I recently bought an old Eastman ten-speed. It's got 700x23 tires on steel rims. "As it slowly died, and i bent the rear axle (Don't ask me how, i don't ride it hard) i debated buying a new bike" 

Your technology is up to date. 53x12 is basically still the standard for road bikes today. I tried to keep a low profile. I didn't have trouble keeping up with them, but I didn't "take a turn at the front" because I wasn't sure I was welcome. On a recent Sunday ride on a country road, I was slowly overtaken by a group of (5) guys on road bikes. They were "proper" road cyclists, if you know what I mean. 

The guy on the orange fixie has good legs. He would have been just as fast (if not faster) on a road bike. 

You also get a lot more options; so you'll get the similar effective ratios in several ways, because the ranges on the big ring overlap more with the middle, and the middle with the little one. Also, the gears are closer together - so you're more likely to find something that works well at the right time. 

The idea used to be that a triple was just a double with an extra small, 'granny' ring (i.e. only grandmothers would need to use that one) so there was definitely some snobbery in a triple; that it was designed for those who needed a little more help. So on the club training run, you might be teased for it. (Google for 'triple granny ring' for various forum discussions and banter; don't worry, most of the responses are SFW.) All other things being equal, run them as high as the tyre manufacturer recommends (there will be an advisory notice on the tyre wall). For most tyres of even medium quality, this should be at least 100psi, if not 110; higher end tyres might go up to 130+. (I generally inflate both tyres to similar pressures, but I think that there are some theories that if either were to be higher, that should be the rear, because it carries the majority of the weight.) If you want to increase the gearing, your best bet would be to install an 11x cassette, if not a Sram 10x. I want to know if this bike is safe to ride with the tires at 80-100 psi. I don't want the (front) rim to explode at 40mph. 

The walls of both rims bend out slightly, maybe 10 degrees each. I'm not sure if they were built that way, or if they've bent slowly over time. If you decide to purchase a bicycle, definitely buy used. Don't get the Denali. A used $200 road bike will last longer. 

I recently bought an old Eastman ten-speed. It's got 700x23 tires on steel rims. Your technology is up to date. 53x12 is basically still the standard for road bikes today. 

When they passed me, I just slipped in behind them and drafted for about 5 miles until we parted ways. 

It does not have the top end speed and can't accelerate like a road bike because of the gearing. It is horribly inefficient at climbing. If you're hardcore and you ride with no brakes, you have to ride more conservatively because of your poor stopping ability. 

Disclaimer: I am a fixie hater. I'll try to answer this as if I was impartial. The idea used to be that a triple was just a double with an extra small, 'granny' ring (i.e. only grandmothers would need to use that one) so there was definitely some snobbery in a triple; that it was designed for those who needed a little more help. So on the club training run, you might be teased for it. (Google for 'triple granny ring' for various forum discussions and banter; don't worry, most of the responses are SFW.) You should keep tyres topped up, natural leakage occurs and at the higher pressures you might expect 10-20 psi drift within a week. It is also easier to change on the front ring of a triple, on a compact you'll often need to change down a gear or two on the back when you move on to the bigger front ring, which means the chain is being yanked both ways and strained that bit more. But on the triple, you're not as far away, so you'll often not need to change the back at the same time as shifting the front.