In the immediate aftermath of the war, the Holocaust was represented by the emaciated corpses discovered at Dachau of which newsreels were taken, however, Dachau was not even a death camp. The prisoners died from starvation and cholera near the end of the war after food and water supplies were cut off. 

Murray C. Bernays, architect of the Nuremberg trials 

People took shelter in basements, old military bunkers, pillboxes, and even just caves made out of rubble. The only regular food were bread rations given out by the US Army. In 1946, the ration was 1275 calories, and to get this you had to sign up, be interrogated and risk being arrested for "war crimes" or be put into a "de-nazification" prison. 

With considerations like these, it is easy to see why attacking Iberia would seem to be a bad idea. 

Most bombing by both the RAF and USAAF was partially or fully unescorted. 

They lived in shanty towns and makeshift shelters until the government built apartment blocks. In many cases families lived in shacks or even tents for years. When I was a young boy I was friends with two girls whose mother had come from Germany and had been a little girl during the war. Once they showed me a handful of photographs her mother had saved. One of the photographs was of her home, which was a corrugated tin shack in a railroad yard. The dimensions of the shack were about 8 feet by 8 feet by 6 feet tall. This was where she and her mother lived. Her father was killed in the war and her grandfather had been a surgeon, but also died by that time. 

But when England and France declared war after the invasion of Poland, he had to consider stabilizing his position to the west as well. That is where the second set of invasions and occupations comes in. 

(Which, given that there was a B-29 accompaning the Enola Gay for the expressed purpose of photographing the effects, and assuming there were recon flights in subsequent days as well, would be documented well enough.) 

Whether those supplies reached Russia or not did not make a difference for Japan. (Except perhaps merchant tonnage sunk, but the US was more than capable of replacing such losses.) They could instead try to sink supply ships supplying US troops, which would be much more useful to Japan's war effort. 

Copying the numbers (in per cent of global production) for iron ore, sorted: 

The German WP article on synthesized coal gives the following numbers on Germany's fuel supply: 

The military goal for Operation Barbarossa was breaking the backbone of Soviet Russia, reaching an easily defensible position like the Arkhangelsk-Astrakhan line. This would remove the Soviet Union as a political and military threat, and win the "Lebensraum" Hitler postulated in "Mein Kampf" as early as 1925. 

The second set was not originally part of "the plan". The historian in me is wondering what would have happened if France and Britain hadn't declared war, or if Britain had folded after the fall of France... 

From the comments, the OP asked if it wouldn't be possible for "one or two dozen submarines" to blockade the strait. 

This site lists 1937 worldwide iron ore production. It doesn't list its sources, but it looks far too detailed and matches with my knowledge of these matters at a glance, so I doubt the numbers are made up. 

Ziemke, Earl F. (2000) [1960]. "Chapter 2, The German Decision to Invade Norway and Denmark"., Command Decisions, United States Army Center of Military History. CMH Pub 70-7. 

The two aircraft that attacked the Normandy beaches on June 6th were FW-190A8 of Jagdgeschwader 26 "Schlageter", piloted by Oberstleutnant Josef Priller (wing commander of JG 26) and Unteroffizier Wodarczyk. 

You can see him (his character at least), played by Heinz Reincke, talking about how his squadrons were relocated away from the coast due to incessant bombing of the forward airfields (that order been given on June 4th). 

There might have been uncertainty about the effectiveness of the Little Boy (uranium, gun) design. It was untested, after all, and the effects of a nuclear airburst over a city were not yet well understood. 

That last one actually succeeded so much beyond expectations that an invasion of Britain itself was considered. But at the same time Hitler was still deluded enough to make peace offers to Britain... which would have allowed him to focus all his powers on Russia. 

So while the numbers don't really match up (6 vs. 9 millions), the overall claim that Swedish ore was a significant ressource for Germany is legit. 

That's at least one reason for you. 

Right after that paragraph, he goes on (in his usual, rambling, all-over-the-place style) about how only Italy and England (!) would provide worthwhile alliances, and how an alliance with England would isolate France. 

Denmark and Norway (crippling the German navy), to deny the northern flank to England, secure the Swedish iron ore supplies, and give the German navy some wiggle room in the North Sea. France (via the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg), the most direct threat to Germany and its industrial heart, the Ruhr area. 

The memorandum was originally classified SECRET but has since been de-classified and is archived at the Truman libary. Page images of the memorandum are available online. 

With considerations like these, it is easy to see why attacking Iberia would seem to be a bad idea. 

Basic flame weapons are effective against flammable targets or in very close quarters. Normally they are not used in any situation where the defenders would have a clear view of the attackers. Flame weapons are currently popular among insurgent fighters due to their simple operation and effectiveness in ambush situations. 

People took shelter in basements, old military bunkers, pillboxes, and even just caves made out of rubble. The only regular food were bread rations given out by the US Army. In 1946, the ration was 1275 calories, and to get this you had to sign up, be interrogated and risk being arrested for "war crimes" or be put into a "de-nazification" prison. 

Comment on Business Relations with the US/Americas 

Before the war started there were no death camps, and all of the camps were publicized as work camps. Letters were allowed in out and the conditions were made relatively public.