Sophisticated Americans understand Europe as a collection of nations and can place a few of the western ones on a map, but then tend to conflate EU with Europe. They also tend to understand the EU as an extremely messy and anti-democratic version of the US federal government. For examples, see for instance financial media with libertarian tendencies (e.g. Zero Hedge, Mish Shedlock's blog, CNBC, Bloomberg) and their comment sections. They asked 7,150 respondents for their opinion, but asked each one about a random selection of 15 of 144 countries. If you make the numbers show in the table where you can select of a few individual countries and the breakdown by respondent type, you can see this translates to roughly 1,000-1,400 respondents per country in total. If you ignore the 45% not sure replies (which the NYT seems to have done), you end up with a relatively small sample size and I'd wager nothing conclusively different. Trump accepted the deal that gave him a mere 3 months of runway, thus leaving the door open for a government shutdown before a critical election period. The Republicans fear Democrats could use this leverage to get in the way of the tax reform they've in mind in early December. The Vice documentary "This is what winning looks like" might give you a few helpful pointers: Bills routinely contain completely unrelated amendments. And not just in the US, either - this happens in all democracies. There's even an actual term for such a thing. The judge didn't block the repeal: Additionally, according to this poll, in 2015 a record 43% of voters were independent. (I could not find figures for the 2016 election but I imagine it is even higher considering the upward trend.) So the effect is that some states exclude nearly half of voters from their primary elections. How can closed, taxpayer-funded primary elections, which effectively funnels millions of taxpayer dollars to the parties who benefit exclusively, possibly be Constitutional? Have any Congressional Republicans so far said they support impeachment, or said what it would take for them to support impeachment, or what they consider impeachable offenses for this president? Additionally, is there any significant support by Republican voters for impeachment, or is this a purely partisan issue by Democrats right now? Was this strategy of attack successful and I'm just not aware of it? What did they believe they would find in the Sanders tax return? Why did they think this was a good strategy to attack Bernie? David Petraus: Two years probation and a $100,000 fine. To protect rebellious Republicans from their vengeful president Until Speaker Ryan chooses to answer this question himself, we cannot be certain why and we are left to speculate, but the New York Times suggests an answer in their coverage on the matter, He believed the sentence was excessive, and justice had already been served. Conveniently, Obama gave a press conference on the day this question was asked, and he answered this very question himself.