I like the way you're thinking (let's err on the side of sensitivity on serious issues), but I'm not sure this phrasing represents a real problem when used this way. Failing that, we try to to use it to give listeners some perspective on how we build software and (try to) run a company. Our hope is that it's: I'm proud to live in a country that won't let me stop you, and like-minded others from embracing, worshipping, and expressing your beliefs, whether or not they fit me, so long as they don't interfere with my or others' pursuit of a happiness or fulfillment. As of today, "Autobiographer" will be awarded to anyone fills out the free-form "About Me" field on their profile. We will be awarding it retroactively, so you don't need to do anything if you already filled out your "About Me" to receive it. (But be patient, we're awarding them in batches for the next day or two.) "Sides" implies that my supporting the idea that our government shouldn't stop two people in love from getting married pits me against you, or Christians. And I'm neither. Imgur's "normal" terms of service do not apply to pictures you upload through Stack Exchange. I'd rather hear the raw, straight blunt truth than some lovely lies; the answers the OP got were perfectly fine. There are many circumstances in which we may be legally prohibited from sharing such requests. The NSA cases have been most widely publicized. But the more common cases are much narrower, such as those where a judge has determined that the details of the investigation would undermine law enforcement's ability to proceed without risk to innocents, etc. But the most common examples are probably grand jury subpoenas. These are also the most benign, as grand jury proceedings are sealed predominantly to protect the accused from having personal details dragged into public view before the government has demonstrated reasonable cause to do so. You've come to the right place if you have questions about: They do not think of the community as a whole or the long term benefits to the site of not doing so. So, this site is about the Christian religion. Frankly, seeing "That's not what comments are for" brought to my mind the question - what are they for then? Personally, I don't see an issue with such comments. Node.js Node.js and other uses of JavaScript on the server. What you have been doing. If you feel like commenting on such answers and explaining why they are not helping, that would be great, though I have personally encountered aggressive responses to such comments. If a "How to ask a good question" FAQ were to be compiled, what do people here think are the top issues that it should address? So, this site is about the text of the bible as a work of literature and its study. Short term gain vs long term health of the community. Many people who come to Stack Overflow and see a question they can answer, will jump and answer it in the hope of gaining reputation. One way that might suck slightly less than all the others is a simple yes/no system. There would have to be the possibility to withdraw "trusted user" status. Most likely if you gain a lot of negative trust votes. This would have to be dealt with carefully. Suppose the discussion on Area 51 identifies As to how to get this whole thing started: at first, give, say, 50 trust votes to a limited circle. The ideal circle would be the people who have undergone the most scrutiny by the community, and are best equipped to have a good impression of users' activities: the moderators. Should SO create a new, mostly invisible, social layer of trust? A way for a user to tell the system whether they trust a user or not. Obviously implemented in a way that doesn't break the basic SO idea of "it's about the content, not the users". What I do when a question is so trivial that it can easily be Googled : The original user will lose the 15 rep bonus immediately. Would it make sense to change the "hot" tab's behaviour accordingly on Meta? As kind of an ongoing newsletter digest that is updated all the time, instead of once a week? I am very much in favour of SO's deletionism - I'm convinced the merciless focus on on-topicness and quality is what has made the sites great. It'll cause tears occasionally but it's for the good of the site. I realize this is mainly due to the entire field shifting upwards: The top user has a reputation of almost 250,000 now. It is a perfectly natural development for the average reputation count to grow, the longer users are active on the site. They don't deserve to be treated badly, but their questions are a problem. They take up a lot of the community's time - you essentially have to show them how to debug their code step by step. There will be long comment threads like: