If a uncia is related to uncus, then the precursor of unus "one" must be derived from uncia; but then this must have happened before the Italic and Germanic branches of Proto-Indo-European diverged, since the Germanic languages also have words for "one" based on this Proto-Indo-European precursor of unus. It seems unlikely that both uncus and uncia survived through the Proto-Gallo-Italic phase into Latin for so long and made it unscathed, especially considering that unus would still have had to drop its -k- sound! Therefore, if uncia "1/12" should be related to uncus "curved", it would have to be unrelated to unus/one; but the relation between unus and uncia appears to be undisputed, so it seems that uncus and uncia are not related. Perhaps there was some sort of folk etymology at work in the archaic age, where speakers or writers mixed up some of those words and their etymologies? 

I don't know what happened to opse as a preposition in later Greek, but I'll take your word for it that it disappeared. It is certainly possible that one factor working against it was the existence of meta + acc. "after"; however, the latter is both older and far more frequent than opse "after", so then how do you explain the fact that meta allowed such a competitor to rise at all, and why did it decide to oust opse later rather than sooner? 

The Latin root of the English suffix -able is: 

A sound can simply be changed, as in the change from older English -th to modern -s in makes; alternatively, adjacent sounds can be swapped, as in iron, which apparently evolved from /(a)irən/ into /aɪə(r)n/ in modern pronunciation: the r and the schwa were swapped. 

Step 2. from trimming to simplifying By doing so you also simplify the structure of the plant which becomes less convoluted (a characteristic of vines in particular and vegetation in general) and easier to... grasp. 

In the Roman world, trimming and pruning is of particular importance for grapevines which are very sensitive to such diseases as mildew and mould caused by various fungi. In order to prevent these diseases, you need to prune your vines so as to keep them well ventilated and remove the dead growth where fungi thrive. 

In OE, you have both utan ("outside") and innan ("inside"). Often found side by side (just as we do today): "inside and outside" => innan and utan (e.g. Genesis 1320).1 Not only do you have butan as "outside => except/unless" but also binnan "within", formed on the same model (be+innan). So yes, the adjunction of be ("by", PDG bei) to indicate a positioning relative to self is confirmed. PDG still has innen and binnen. Dutch as well retains binnen and buiten.2 If you think of it, it is also present in Present Day English: that's the with- in within and without. So far so good. Now about the semantic shift from "outside" to "unless" which ultimately led to the displacement of ac/ak (the "but" as a conjunction in Old English). Here are a few examples I picked from the corpus of Old English Poetry gradually evolving from from "outside" to "unless". All 'translations' are mine and are deliberately literal in order to facilitate the word to word correspondence. Let's start with a real meaning of "outside". This is from the Genesis (as you can recognise). v 1355. In this excerpt, we even have a more archaic form beutan. Clearly, the intended meaning here is "outside". Here is an example taken from The Meters of Boethius: (20). Here we don't have "outside" but more like "immune to" => "except" (fatigue). Finally, here is a sample meaning of "except/unless". Pater Noster (ii) As a bonus, we can see here in the same sentence, that "but" is 'ac'/'ak'. As well as ufan and utan "above and outside" for the rhyme. 

At least going by dictionaries without much language knowledge or context there are a bunch of other words for "want" in both languages, but these are the simple ones I've been taught in each. I've looked for the Zhuang equivalent but no luck so far. I have found a Lao cognate though: 

In Tbilisi there is ნარიყალა Nariqala and in Derbent there is Нарын-Кала Naryn-Kala. 

As for "nar" / "narin", that could come from a King of Georgia, დავით VI ნარინი Davit VI Narini. The story is that there were two King Davids at that time, the other being დავით VII ულუ Davit VII Ulu, with these names meaning "junior" and "senior". 

Now loanwords are not as common in Georgian as in English, but they're not really rare. They are however mostly for modern/introduced concepts but Georgian is a pretty ancient language, it hasn't really moved, and dolphins have always existed in the world the Georgians inhabit.