Gk νότος notos was the South wind of the Greeks. I have no idea what its etymology is. 

West L occidēns (adj. occidentālis) was the usual Latin term. The meaning was similarly transparent in Latin: "going down/setting", viz. "in the direction of the setting sun". occidēns is the present participle of occidō, "fall/go down" < ob “towards/facing” + cadō "fall” < Proto-Indo-European *ḱad- “fall”. 

The reason the three words are spelled similarly in Modern English is that they rhymed in Middle English. The reason they rhymed in Middle English despite differing etymologies is that they underwent regular predictable phonological mergers: Bosworth's 18381 Dictionary of the Anglo-Saxon Language gives "buttor-fleoge, Plat. (Plat-dutch) Better-flege, Dut. Kil. (Dutch, from Kilian) Butor-vilege". L vesper "evening" was also used to mean "west" in reference to the setting sun. 

I don't know how you propose to compare the rate of change. I would certainly say, though, that the rise of the Romance languages within 400 years is as significant as the changes due to the Renaissance. 

1 Note, The 1838 Bosworth is available online but the scanner cut off part of the page in question. The later Bosworths don't give the same cognate information. 

L auster (adj. austrālis) was the Latin name of the South Wind and the South. Now here is a fascinating bit of history and its relation to language change. Most scholars believe that auster < PIE *-aus "shine" - which is the same root that gives rise to the words for "dawn" and "east" in other IE languages! How can the same root be used for different cardinal directions in sister languages? One theory is that since the Italian peninsula runs diagonally NW-SE, the word for "east" shifted to mean "south" since both were in the direction of the Tyrrhenian Sea. Another theory is that since the lands to the South were burning hot, or alternatively since the sirocco was hot, the root *aus- referred to this heat. As I understand it this is an evolution from the PIE reflexive to a new mediopassive. North L septentriō (adj. septentriōnalis) = septem "seven" + triō, that is "the seven plough-oxen (stars of Ursa Major). triō (pl. triōnes) is problematic. Most sources give this as meaning "plough-oxen", but this term for plough-oxen is used nowhere else in Latin. A few sources posit that triō < PIE *(s)tē̆r- "star" with loss of initial s as in Indic, and that later mythology led people to reinterpret the root as "oxen". The transparent meaning of this word to the Romans was "in the direction of the constellation the Plough (Ursa Major)". 

*dékm was an e-grade form with a zero-grade form *dkm1. *-tóm was a suffix. Neither source conjectures as to its nature2. The initial d of *dkmtóm was lost, presumably for phonotactic reasons as happened with *dʰ(é)ǵʰōm. So those two sources essentially say "hundred <- ten + suffix". . This is not a complete explanation, but it's certainly suggestive that two of the authors you mention essentially agree. We don't know the nature of the suffix but maybe it's better that we don't, rather than suggest things like "ten-ness" or "units of". This would give "ten" as the older word from which "hundred" is derived, which makes sense culturally too So in Portuguese, and many of the other Romance languages, the reflexive/reciprocal and mediopassive are formed using se. The "subject indetermination" and "passiving" functions you describe use se as part of this new "mediopassive"; i.e., indeterminate or impersonal subjects regarded as a middle voice. 

a view closely echoed by Anthony (2007) but without the explicit reference to ablaut: 2Although I note that *tom/tóm/tam is reconstructed as an accusative demonstrative or pronoun, e.g. in Schleicher's fable. So did the languages of Western Europe change at a greater rate during 1400-1700 than at any other 300 year period from 2000 BC- present? We just don't have evidence for most of that period. 

One further intriguing side note is given by Quiles (2007): East L oriēns (adj. orientālis) was the usual Latin term. The meaning was transparent in Latin: "rising", viz. "in the direction of the rising sun". oriēns is the present participle of the deponent orior, "rise" < PIE *or- O-grade of "move" 

1In PIE a series of forms like *CéC, *CeC, *CóC, *CoC, *CC were related in a mechanism called ablaut which was used to express grammatical function. Separately, PIE *se- -> Classical Latin sē (sēsē, sibi, suī) was almost purely a reflexive marker, with some use as a reciprocal marker (e.g. inter sē). helix: This came through Greek. Most of the Greek dialects underwent /w/-loss (see e.g. Kavitskaya 2002). The Attic-Ionic dialects lost the sound early (e.g. the sound /w/ and its letter ϝ do not appear in Homer); Aeolian retained it longer but lost it as well. This all leads to the result From Middle English henne, heonne, hinne, from earlier henene, heonenen, henen, from Old English heonan, hionan, heonane, heonone (“hence, from here, away, from how”), from Proto-Germanic *hina, *hinanō (“from here”), from Proto-Indo-European *ḱe-, *ḱey- (“this, here”). Cognate with Dutch heen (“away”), German hin (“hence, from here”), Danish hen (“away, further, on”). See also hence. 

Affrication very often accompanies palatalization, for example in Japanese t,d → tɕ,dʑ/ts,dz before i/ɯ; or English t in question, nature. I understand similar processes have occured in Finnic. 

So let me suggest: what about the rise of the Romance languages from Vulgar Latin? That happened sometime between the breakup of the Roman Empire and the 9th century. Langue d'oïl is known since the 9th century, Old Spanish since the 10th, and Common Romanian since the 9th.