If he examines the cat litter -- ignore it. If the litter isn't clean -- ask him to do it again and perhaps charge him the extra fee for unneeded cat litter replacement. 

Our daughter is starting to drive and wants to buy a car. (She does have an inheritance.) We are discussing this issue now. She is compiling information about safety, maintenance, insurance, advanced driving classes. She knows more about buying vs leasing than I do. She is setting up rules that she will agree to follow if we allow her to buy a car. There will be a contract between us. She is discipling herself in order to reach this goal. She will have to get a job and pay for insurance, maintenance and fuel -- will she keep her marks up? She will take this on as a responsibility and the car privilege would be removed if she doesn't keep the contract. 

Don't forget to tell your son when you are happy with him and to tell him that you love him even when you aren't happy with his choices. You aren't walling him off -- you are just not fighting with him. 

Louis, I think you are getting some fairly punitive answers here and I would like to address your question from a more positive place. 

Okay when a parent breaks their child's trust by overreacting to a problem or destroying property, or mistakenly disciplines one child for something they did not do or someone else did: 

The UN Convetion of the Rights of the Child is clear: 

One approach is to tell the other parents how happy you are that the children are friends. Then say that you're trying to get your child to follow some rules which are X, Y, Z but that the child might be a bit forgetful and that you'd be really grateful if the parent could help remind the child if she forgets. Then finish up with some more happy positive stuff about how great their kids are. 

By sandwiching the request in two positive bits of feedback you further avoid the potential for misunderstanding. 

Such protective measures should, as appropriate, include effective procedures for the establishment of social programmes to provide necessary support for the child and for those who have the care of the child, as well as for other forms of prevention and for identification, reporting, referral, investigation, treatment and follow-up of instances of child maltreatment described heretofore, and, as appropriate, for judicial involvement. All forms of violence are wrong; corporal punishment is by definition violent; corporal punishment is thus a violation of the child's human rights. 

Violence against children is illegal in many countries, and it's time for right thinking Americans to stand against violence to children. 

I can't believe anyone still thinks it is acceptable to hit children. Subjecting children to violence is clearly wrong and is always abuse. Hitting your child is as abusive as hitting your spouse -- perhaps worse because a child has less ability to escape the violence. 

These bits of information are among the tips and tricks detailed in the Beginning Domestic Discipline's "Beginner's Packet," a 54-page document that lays out the basic principles and practices of CDD. 

Firstly: politely requesting help and a oiding misunderstanding with other parents. Your request is totally reasonable, but sometimes people are hyperaware where children are concerned. 

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/06/21/christian-domestic-discipline-spanking-jesus-marriage_n_3479646.html 

States Parties shall take all appropriate legislative, administrative, social and educational measures to protect the child from all forms of physical or mental violence, injury or abuse, neglect or negligent treatment, maltreatment or exploitation, including sexual abuse, while in the care of parent(s), legal guardian(s) or any other person who has the care of the child. 

By requesting help for your own child you are focussing on what is important to you - your child's safety, and not on things that could cause distracting discussion or argument - the other parents lack of rules. 

The US tends not to ratify these conventions (The US and Sudan are the only countries to not ratify this convention) but as legal rulings posted in other answers shows the US legal system doesn't view violence against children as violence. 

Beating children is something that mostly comes from extremist Christian sects. A small number of those sects also promote violence against women:- 

Allowing growing children to have more freedom is scary. I think that setting some rules early helps the child learn that you knowing where they are is not punitive or preventative. You are not trying to recuce the child's freedom. You are in fact helping the child develop sensible boundaries. With luck this will hold into the teenage years. 

Perhaps this pov would help in the conversation with family. Your expectations should not have to be tempered in order to accommodate them. This is basic courtesy -- not a special request for over-the-top-special-treatment!! When we do not start by insisting on a certain level of treatment for ourselves and our families -- it's a self-esteem issue. We are our most important asset and we should treat ourselves that way. It then behooves us to treat others that way, too. 

It might be that you are looking for opinions on breastfeeding and attachment parenting. If you want permission to change how you are doing things -- you have it. You are the parent. 

As parents we start by modelling behaviour for our children. Show by your good example what you as a family do and how you act and react when a wilful or unwillful mistake is made. Discipline should never be so harsh that a child fears admitting the truth or coming to you for help with a problem.