So how would that work? The plugin needs to be created somewhere, so this needs a factory. The factory build method knows what your plugin needs: Take a directory listing as an example. Consider you have got the following file and directory tree on disk: Whatever I try, I have problems to describe the overruling nature of an ancestor with the matching predicate over an ancestor with a non-matching predicate. What is the xpath expression to select all nodes of a document? Update: I've added more examples to show some of the edge cases. I think these are enough examples for one answer. You can find the full source-code as well as an example to display nice-looking ascii-trees in this gist: https://gist.github.com/3599532 While a iterator with linear order just traverse over the toplevel folder and files (a single directory listing), the recursive iterator traverses through subfolders as well and list all folders and files (a directory listing with listings of its subdirectories): I'm not aware of any version-control system written in PHP. But even if there were one, I'd stay away from it. Version control isn't one of the things a scripting language is best used for. Another, and possibly better option is that you continue to use the salting method of OsCommerce. It is more secure, and you'll also get to keep your existing passwords. This way, for all new accounts the passwords will be encrypted with the new method, and for old accounts you'd continue to handle them as usual, so it'll be transparent to users. Edit: I suggest installing Subversion on your local machine and develop all the code there, that way the SVN on your local computer can be used for version-control. For outbound links, you will have to parse the HTML code of the website as some here have suggested. For example, is it possible to write code like this: Is there a way to get all alphabetic chars (A-Z) in an array in PHP so I can loop through them and display them? If the passwords are encrypted with md5, you won't be able to decrypt them. Your best possibility can be to check in your login code whether the creation of an account/last password change occurred before a certain date. If so, use OSCommerce's password validation function, if not, use your own. Split it apart and get the last element: What is the xpath expression to select all nodes of a document? Update: I've added more examples to show some of the edge cases. I'd like to merge two arrays with each other: You can also connect to your server via SSH and execute the following command: While a iterator with linear order just traverse over the toplevel folder and files (a single directory listing), the recursive iterator traverses through subfolders as well and list all folders and files (a directory listing with listings of its subdirectories): Given the following XML chunk: Take a directory listing as an example. Consider you have got the following file and directory tree on disk: So how would that work? The plugin needs to be created somewhere, so this needs a factory. The factory build method knows what your plugin needs: Whatever I try, I have problems to describe the overruling nature of an ancestor with the matching predicate over an ancestor with a non-matching predicate. Is that version number/string unambiguous for now and in the future? I'm looking for a simple way to obtain the next numerical index of an array for a new element that would have been chosen by PHP as well. As we now have specified the type of iteration, let's consider to change it to another type of iteration. Lets see a first code example before writing any other sentence with the I-word: I think these are enough examples for one answer. You can find the full source-code as well as an example to display nice-looking ascii-trees in this gist: https://gist.github.com/3599532 I might run into a bug here when I see the output across multiple PHP versions, looks like that HHVM does not have this issue by transposing it: Eastern Daylight Time (EDT), when observing daylight saving time (spring/summer) is 4 hours behind Coordinated Universal Time (UTC−04:00). Edit: Change your sql query to this: Hope this helps, if you have any questions feel free to ask. Also, feel free to change the function and file names. I'm not aware of any version-control system written in PHP. But even if there were one, I'd stay away from it. Version control isn't one of the things a scripting language is best used for. If the passwords are encrypted with md5, you won't be able to decrypt them. Your best possibility can be to check in your login code whether the creation of an account/last password change occurred before a certain date. If so, use OSCommerce's password validation function, if not, use your own. Is there a way to get all alphabetic chars (A-Z) in an array in PHP so I can loop through them and display them? For inbound links, I suggest using the Google Custom Search API, sending a direct request to google can get your ip banned. You can view the search api here. Here is a function I use in my code for this api: Edit 2: If you are collaborating with others and want them to have access to your repositry, I suggest getting subversion hosting somewhere for your project. There are some free hosts out there that support it, just google it and you should find some results. Edit: I suggest installing Subversion on your local machine and develop all the code there, that way the SVN on your local computer can be used for version-control.