I have speculated that a slightly misshapen crank could be saved by fashioning a shim of aluminum sheet metal (ie, beer/pop can), but I've never had need to try that, and it sounds like yours is in too bad of shape for that to have a chance to work. 

And there's some danger that you have damaged the crank axle as well, meaning the bottom bracket cartridge will need changing out as well. You need to figure out what's wobbling. The pictures I find suggest that it has a three-piece crank, so you can get wobble from three sources: As others have pointed out below, the OP's description is more consistent with a failure at the joint between the crank arm and the pedal than between the crank arm and the crank shaft. If this is the case there is some chance that a "Helicoil" can be installed to fix it. This can be done by a skilled bike mechanic or a machine shop. Deflate the tire, then press the valve stem in about 1/2 or 3/4 inch while you wiggle the tire to get it around and under tube. Inflate slowly, and if you see the same thing again, repeat the process. It may take two or three tries to get things lined up.. Worst case scenario for over-tightening is you will strip the threads on both bolt and crank or BB, and / or shear off or burr the bolt. This will obviously damage those parts requiring replacement and it may be difficult to remove the parts. This could involve drilling out the bolts and various other hacks and so cost a fair bit of labour and parts in a shop - much more than just tightening the crank arm for you which should be very cheap. Thus if you're not confident, $10 or so at the LBS to re-attach your crank is probably money well spent. 

Your crank arm and / or bottom bracket spline could be damaged. You can check for signs of any burring on the splines of the crank and BB, or your LBS can check. Get them to point out any damage to you if they think it needs replacing. Even if you take it to a shop who uses a torque wrench (not all do), and they tighten to the specified setting, your crank can still come loose. I have a great LBS and even using the correct torque settings, I once had the crank arm come loose. The LBS replaced the arm for me under warranty as they followed the manufacturers settings (Shimano). So even if taking it to a shop, I'd still carry a tool and check occasionally, at least for several rides afterward until you feel confident it won't loosen again. 

If you don't have a torque wrench you can tighten the bolts by having a feel for these things (takes experience and taking into consideration the bolt size, thread size, materials etc). You can also be guided by the specified torque settings by gauging how much more torque should be applied to one bolt relative to another. For the next few rides after re-attaching, take the required tool and check the crank regularly, and tighten it if it comes loose. If it doesn't stay after doing this a few times, you're not tightening it enough, or the crank or BB may be damaged.