2 A feeling wheel can help here. It's not too advanced. There are a lot of resources online for teaching (and modelling) an emotional vocabulary. You might try reading articles by Michelle Garcia Winner whose work is to help children learn how to act acceptably towards others (much of her work is free online.) After you've gotten a good idea of the principles, you can talk to your son's teacher(s) and the school counselor (if they have one) for their assessment of his behavior. Then you can start working with your son at home. 

The restitution here is something that would restore the recipient's sense of self-worth. That's pretty difficult, but a sincere apology does help towards that end; it means he cares about the boy's feelings. With respect to Legos, the Commission states: The harder way is to pull your daughter out of school and file to homeschool. If this is the route you take, you'll have to file a bit more paperwork with your school district. Search for the laws regarding homeschooling in California, e.g. here. Or, you can call your district supervisors office and ask them for guidelines. If you want to pay, there are often for-profit organizations which will do it for you. Mostly they prey on the insecurities of homeschooling parents, though. It's really not hard to do. You can gain a lot of information on forums with whose ideology you might disagree, but it's still useful (Don't join the HSLDA). 

Conclusion Go re-read the summary. You love her, and you merely want to help her avoid the pitfalls of life in this world that will hurt her, or prevent her from reaching her capacity as an adult. This time provides a breather before she becomes a full teenager, and launches herself into the world. Use it to gently guide her thoughts and feelings, and she will develop the relationship skills you value. There is no need to punish her for what she's written in a private journal, but now that you've awoken to the reality of your little girl growing up and changing, put careful thought into how you can best guide her into paths of growth and happiness. 

You have energy - your body converts food into energy, and stores it as sugars and fats. Then, when you want to move your arm or legs, your body uses those sugars and fats to make the muscles work. As far as the medical side of things, I strongly recommend talking to your pediatrician about this, including if you choose to do something like I recommend above. We're not really equipped here to handle medical questions, though perhaps others will have had experience with this specific issue. Speaking for an average kindergartner, it is very common for them to not eat almost at all at lunch. My kindergartner, who is an extremely voracious eater, eats nearly none of his lunch, either. This is for two reasons: Note: I am not a doctor, nor am I your doctor; please read the note at the last paragraph regarding the medical issue you mention. 

Proximity of snack to lunch. His schedule is 7am breakfast, 9:30am snack, 11:30am lunch. He eats a big breakfast, and typically eats his entire snack (a fruit or cheese stick or similar, not a lot of food but enough), and so is just not particularly hungry at 11:30. Desire to interact socially (either talking to friends, or going outside and playing). Often there is a limited period for eating and playing, say 45 minutes total, and he wants to do as much playing and as little eating as he can. My suggestion would be to take this in a few different directions.