Sometimes the group effect can be helpful. Could you take her swimming with her cousins and explain beforehand that you are willing to hold on to her in the water the. entire. time.? Often they have so much fun splashing each other they forget to be afraid. When in the water, I hold them tightly so they feel safe and that helps. And they know they can always grab on to me at any time, any place they can reach (often around my neck!) when they get scared. I then move them around so they're on my hip or hanging off my shoulder instead! Ask for a hotel room with a tub since you're running out of time? Of course, since you say he is waking up his brothers, do exactly what @balanced mama said and include him in the process. Just telling a child what to do, doesn't actually allow them to practice problem-solving skills or prepare them for independent adulthood. I don't understand the problem? This is not defiance. You can't make him go to sleep any more than you can make yourself go to sleep sometimes. All you can do is request that he stay in his room quietly so as to not bother anyone else or endanger himself. To this day I read agatha christie books when I can't sleep and it helps. 

In general, this is a time to cash in on some of that trust you've been storing up :) Tell her repeatedly, "I keep you safe. When you say stop, we stop. But I also know how much you like learning new things and how proud you will be." By the time your child is old enough to go out into the world, they should be able to: Some teachers are clearly better at teaching than others. But it's more important to know that some teachers are a better fit for your particular child than others. For example, a strict disciplinarian is great if your child doesn't need much disciplining anyway, because noise and chaos from other students will be minimized, but for another child that teacher might turn the classroom into a battlefield and poison the joy of learning. So you want to learn which teacher is the best fit, not which teacher is the best. Finally, my experience trying to learn complicated and difficult material (say at the university level) is that writing it out by hand "burns it into the brain" in a different way than reading it or typing it. So does reading it aloud. There is a difference between handwriting something and typing something. By the time your child is 16 they should be good at both, along with memorizing and repeating small things like a sonnet, a soliloquy or the like. These are life skills for future instruction and learning. But they are probably not relevant to a 6 year old. At the age of 6 or 7 the most important thing is "I can create words just like the book authors, web authors, tv people do." The next most important thing is being able to read their own notes. Whether typed or written, they can be idiosyncratic. You explain something; they draw a diagram or write some words for themselves. Later, they can understand what they recorded. At this stage pen/paper vs keyboard is pretty much just personal preference. Some kids will prefer to be able to change the size of the letters as they write, or to intersperse drawings with words, so they will like pen (maybe 5 colors of pen!) and paper. Others will like being able to fix mistakes, use bold and italic, and have a spell checker, so they will want to use a keyboard and word processing app. Let their style control which one predominates.