Pros - Road Pedals (SPD-SL and others) Wider Contact Area - Because they do not require the same ability to shed mud and dirt, road pedals have a large interface surface with the cleat. Lower Profile - Because the tread block is not required the road shoes can often be placed closer to the pedal axel. This can allow less rocking (more efficient power transfer) and allow for more clearance (aka harder cornering) Lower Weight/Lower Rotating mass If you care about such things (many do) the road pedal/shoe combo is typically lighter. This can provide minor performance gains. Cons 

Modern obsession with smaller frames For some reason many bike shops are obsessed with getting people on smaller road frames, but arguments can be made for sizing up (called a French Fit). If you plan on doing more endurance riding (or relaxed riding) then a larger frame can be easier to get into a comfortable position (i.e., taller stack and more reach). 

In previous years with a more standard commuter setup and I was on average about 4-10 kph slower depending on the setup (slowest was on wide commuter tires with fenders and a very upright position). This was for a similar level of fitness and power input (measured with a power meter). 

The other answers covered this quite well, but I can speak from recent personal experience. I got a Bike Friday Tikit with skinny, treadless Kojak tires earlier this year, and I had the same concerns you do -- should I ride in the rain or not? 

An experienced cyclist will make constant, small adjustments to keep their feet in the optimal location on the pedals. Clips and straps keep the cyclist's feet in the best places to deliver the most power to the pedals (the balls of the feet), saving the cyclist that effort. (I have a regrettable habit of pedaling on the arches of my feet, which clips and straps correct.) As a bonus, the straps are there when you turn a corner and then see a sudden hill you didn't have a chance to build up momentum to climb. 

The answer "so you can pull up on the pedals" makes good sense, but I don't buy it. I don't pull up on the pedals unless I'm climbing a steep, sudden hill. I suspect many, many cyclists don't pedal with full efficiency on the flats. (This is my gut feeling, I have no proof or numbers on this. I remember seeing a study that agreed with this, but I also recall that it was limited in such a way as to cast doubt on the data.) 

Resin or Organic: Non-metallic, porous, worse in water. Much better initial grab, quicker wearing 

Locally, milk tanker drivers are awesome at passing with extreme room. They don't slow down from their permitted maximum of 90 km/h but they will give me a full lane of passing space where possible, which is 5-6 metres. 

3) Tiagra, 10 speed, but better at shifting than claris and sora 

6) Dura-ace, 11 speed, basically the top spec mechanisms as used by pros. Expect to sell your house to buy this level. 

Answer: No - you can't just move the brake levers up the curve of the handlebar drops. If you did this, the bar tape would be bunched up above the hoods and skinnied-out below the hoods. 

Grand total of $711. I've ridden this bike 7047 km in 15 months, so it cost me 10.1 cents per kilometre, or about $48 a month. 

Tools: You'll need a 5mm hex driver (maybe 4mm or 6mm, maybe a philips if its old, or flathead if its ancient) Some tape to finish the bartape wrap, and sharp scissors to cut the tape.