An article from Tennis Warehouse University has done a research on Spin and String Pattern few important parts summary related with this question are: 

Feel and Comfort: Open patterns absorb shock better and are more comfortable String Tension: Lower string tension will result in more power for all string patterns 

At last there will not be significant difference between these two rackets performance wise considering both have same tension. It will ultimately depend on choice of a player, which one he feels comfortable with. But I couldn't find something suggesting 16 x 19 being popular than 16 x 18 pattern racket. 

Another theory on this scoring system (15, 30, and 40 scores) is: ITF Senior Regulation define Unsportsmanlike Conduct as: Does this definition also include protest in a game and if not which law will handle protest? And the text written on it is "THE BRAD DREWETT TROPHY1" with previous year winners. 

Even if the two rackets are of same pattern in our case open pattern, tension also plays part in producing spin. Following two figures obtained from the website shows the spin ratio for open pattern with high and low string tension.(For pattern 16 x 18) A player can get the number of ATP World Tour Masters 1000 commitment tournaments reduced by meeting certain milestones, based on longevity in the league. B. A player who is eligible for a reduction of his ATP World Tour Masters 1000 commitment tournaments must be in good standing with the ATP in order to receive a reduction of required ATP World Tour Masters 1000 commitment tournaments. 

The commitment for a commitment player is described in section D. Essentially, the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals is required, if accepted; 8 of the 9 ATP World Tour Masters 1000 tournaments are required (all except Monte Carlo), and 4 of the ATP World Tour 500 tournaments are required. 

IX. Emirates ATP Rankings, 9.03 Emirates ATP Rankings: 

"Bagel girl" is a derogatory term for a woman who frequently loses tennis sets 6-0. The stereotypical bagel girl is a young woman from a wealthy family who has enough money to keep traveling the world and entering professional tournaments, even though she has no chance of winning at that level. If a player skips the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals without a valid excuse, they are no longer considered in good standing. 

I'm not aware of a male equivalent of this term. This section of the rule book does not specify a penalty for skipping other commitment tournaments. The Rankings section of the rulebook reveals the penalty. If the other commitment tournaments are skipped, they are counted against the player for ranking purposes. Cited Source: Françoise Bonnefoy (1991). Jeu de Paume: History. Réunion des musées nationaux. p. 42. ISBN 9782908901016. 

ITF Senior Regulation define Unsportsmanlike Conduct as: 

Feel and Comfort: Open patterns absorb shock better and are more comfortable 

And the text written on it is "THE BRAD DREWETT TROPHY1" with previous year winners. Summarizing, open pattern generates more spin than the closed pattern but even for the same pattern spin produce will differ because of tension of strings. Considering both 16 x 18 and 16 x 19 have same tension there will be little variation on produce spin. At last there will not be significant difference between these two rackets performance wise considering both have same tension. It will ultimately depend on choice of a player, which one he feels comfortable with. But I couldn't find something suggesting 16 x 19 being popular than 16 x 18 pattern racket. String Tension: Lower string tension will result in more power for all string patterns An article from Tennis Warehouse University has done a research on Spin and String Pattern few important parts summary related with this question are: The trophy is named The Brad Drwett Trophy in honor of the ATP executive chairman and president Brad Drewett, who died from Motor Neurone Disease (also known as ALS or Lou Gehrig's Disease). 

Spin: Fewer strings create larger “squares,” grip the ball more, and result in more spin How open pattern affect on-court performance:Source 

From the 2013 ATP Official Rulebook, I. ATP Circuit Regulations, 1.07 C: The term comes from both the fact that a bagel is shaped like a zero and from a racial stereotype. 

I'm not aware of a male equivalent of this term. 

B. A player who is eligible for a reduction of his ATP World Tour Masters 1000 commitment tournaments must be in good standing with the ATP in order to receive a reduction of required ATP World Tour Masters 1000 commitment tournaments. IX. Emirates ATP Rankings, 9.03 Emirates ATP Rankings: 

The commitment for a commitment player is described in section D. Essentially, the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals is required, if accepted; 8 of the 9 ATP World Tour Masters 1000 tournaments are required (all except Monte Carlo), and 4 of the ATP World Tour 500 tournaments are required. 

This section of the rule book does not specify a penalty for skipping other commitment tournaments. The Rankings section of the rulebook reveals the penalty. If the other commitment tournaments are skipped, they are counted against the player for ranking purposes.