Whether the UK tries to obtain some changes from within the EU, chooses to leave the EU but not the EEA or simply leaves everything abruptly and negotiates from the outside, that's the big question. If, on the other hand, the problem you are trying to solve is that there are too many levels, it would probably be easier to get rid of the regions and simply keep the states. Of course, it's just as unrealistic and would not make European integration any easier but it shows why the whole discussion is completely beside the point. 

Germany is already taking a huge number, Sweden is taking even more compared to its population, Spain and especially Italy have to deal with people entering there directly, Greece is completely overloaded, France had more refugees than other countries (even Germany) before the crisis and is participating in resettlement programmes so it can plausibly resist calls to take many more. So, no matter how skeptical you might be regarding their capacity to process and accept refugees, you cannot make the numbers work without including smaller countries and the new member states in central and eastern Europe. 

At the end of the day one of the things that characterise a state in Europe is the very fact that it's still the most important level of organisation, the level at which democracy developed, legal systems are organised, economical structures are tightly integrated (including banks, taxes or the welfare state). If you break them up, you will simply have a new bunch of slightly smaller states, some of them large and influential, some of them tiny, perhaps even too small to effectively face many problems, but no less different, nationalistic or self-interested than before. Regarding the broader context, EU countries are clearly playing games to position themselves ahead of any negotiation that might come. Germany's well publicised estimate of 800 000 asylum applications “expected” for this year and threat to reintroduce border controls are part of this, as was Hungary earlier stance that it could not take any extra asylum seeker anymore and would just drop out of the Dublin system unilaterally (which is actually already more-or-less the case of all the major countries at the Schengen external border, including Hungary, Greece and Italy, but none of them had proclaimed that openly until now). The intent is apparent in all the changes to the election of the parliament and the nomination of the commission over the years. The European Coal and Steel Community already had a parliament from its creation in 1952 but the European Parliament is only elected directly since 1979. Then, in 1994-1995, the term of the third Delors Commission was shortened to align the next term with the European Parliament's term. And in 2014, European political parties also put forward “candidates” for the presidency of the Commission who debated on TV, much like parties in parliamentary democracies name a leader before an election. The EU requires a commitment in principal to honour these commitments, with the exact amount to be calculated later but thought to be around €60bn. The UK has committed only to the EU budget during a transition period, not all the other stuff. 

The UK has made a basic offer to give EU citizens already in the UK a fast track permanent residency application service. So far it has been a bit of a fiasco, initially requiring an 85 page form to be filled out and being rather expensive. On top of that the Home Office has been pushing hard to make people leave the country, resulting in letters threatening deportation being sent in "error". Family members are also a major unresolved issue. Freedom of movement allows family members, even non-EU ones, to join the person exercising their treaty rights. This bypasses the local immigration system entirely. Failure to maintain existing rights would rip families apart. There is also the issue of jurisdiction. The UK is adamant that the European Court of Justice (ECJ) can no longer have control after Brexit, but the EU is unwilling to allow this because the UK courts are already failing to comply with agreed EU rules. For example, the current treatment of non-EU family members is under active investigation. 

Incidentally, directive 2001/55 on minimum standards for giving temporary protection in the event of a mass influx of displaced persons and on measures promoting a balance of efforts between Member States in receiving such persons and bearing the consequences thereof provides a procedure to deal with such a crisis. Finally, note that doing so would create some practical problems for countries that never organise several elections concurrently (I am thinking about France for example) and potentially many many elections in short succession, although it's not too difficult to imagine some pragmatic fixes for these issues or to simply let countries do as they see fit. Furthermore, the governments of all EU member states (represented in the Council of the European Union) gave the EU Commission a mandate to negotiate the TTIP in the first place and have to agree to the outcome of the negotiation before anything happens. National politicians sometimes use the EU's role in this to distance themselves from the process but it is certainly not something happening without their consent (and that's especially true of the biggest countries) and the UK could easily block the TTIP if it wanted to. 

Because of that, EU economies, while not perfectly unified, are integrated to a far deeper level than what international trade agreements allow. And you can easily use a UK branch to serve the whole EU. A country like Ireland used this very explicitly to position itself as a gateway to Europe. And the UK has many of the same advantages than Ireland (the language, qualified workforce, favourable regulations, etc.). It's less visible but it matters too. To the extent that leaving the EU would put the UK out of the single market, it could make the country less attractive for foreign investment and have some long-lasting impact on the economy. How much and whether it's worth it is another question.