However, I still can't manage to see why a is F and b is F both being true is problematic at all. Could you perhaps enlighten me? I've tried by reading books and practically all the SEP/IEP articles on the subject, but these mainly address the solutions, which are hard to understand to someone, like me, who hasn't even got what the problem is all about. I really don't see any kind of incompatibility, while for Armstrong the fact that both propositions are true is, prima facie, a good reason to postulate the existence of a rather bizarre kind of entities (namely, Universals). In fact, he writes 

Philosopher Gonzago Rodriguez-Pereyra defines the very old and well-known "Problem of Universals" thusly: 

To me, for two particulars a and b to have the same property F, or be of the same type F, simply means that "a is F and b is F*. But I don't see why the fact that "a is F and b is F" is puzzling at all. Why does the fact that "a is F" and "b is F" need to be accounted for? 

Why choose to use iCal, for instance, when a simple diary book would suffice (or even just unbound sheets of paper), together with a freely-chosen writing stylus? If you have a smartphone anyhow, adopting iCal actually is a simplifying move: you allow your multifunctional device which you already own take care of one further task, which is an efficient choice. And even if you don't have a smartphone, you may find that buying one satisfies many objectives you may have, including being easy for your friends to reach, keeping track of your appointments, being able to navigate strange cities (thanks to a large technological burden which Google has chosen to bear on behalf of its users, presumably to enhance its advertising capability), and so forth. Similarly, cars were for many people a simplifying move — from horses, which were only simpler 'devices' inasmuch as no-one thought to become horse-surgeons except as a full-time profession. (Of course, most veterinary medicine which could generously be described as 'surgery' tended until recently to consist of shooting the animal to put it out of its misery; firearms being a piece of technology which, among other things, facilitated the ethical choice of sparing animals pain.) 

And the australian metaphysician David Armstrong does it in exactly the same way: Philosopher Gonzago Rodriguez-Pereyra defines the very old and well-known "Problem of Universals" thusly: 

I really don't see any kind of incompatibility, while for Armstrong the fact that both propositions are true is, prima facie, a good reason to postulate the existence of a rather bizarre kind of entities (namely, Universals). In fact, he writes 

Moreover, he calls the belief, held by philosophers like Quine, that the Problem is not really a problem, and that it is a fact that does not require further explanation, 'Ostrich nominalism'. This is because, according to him, dismissing this as a problem means refusing to solve it, like an ostrich would do by sticking its head in the sand. However, I still can't manage to see why a is F and b is F both being true is problematic at all. Could you perhaps enlighten me? I've tried by reading books and practically all the SEP/IEP articles on the subject, but these mainly address the solutions, which are hard to understand to someone, like me, who hasn't even got what the problem is all about. 

This goes to show that when considering infinity — as well as many other sorts of mathematical concepts — what structure you consider important, that is what structure you require to be preserved by the transformations you wish to consider (such as matching from one set to another), will determine whether or not two objects are equivalent, or distinct. If you care about concepts such as dimension or measure, and demand that they be preserved by any functions you consider, then you can never bring a short line segment into one-to-one correspondance with a long one, or with a square. However, if you allow arbitrary functions, which may completely ignore the structural notions that you cherish, then you may obtain results which you find surprising, or even revolting to your intuition. This would ultimately be because there is a conflict between the ideas that you wish to consider, and the way in which you are considering it.