Archaeologists are fond of using the term "-ware" to differentiate between different pottery types. In London, we also get a type of pottery known as "Shelly-Sandy Ware" which - as you've probably already guessed - used both sand and ground-up shell as temper. Of course, as if all that wasn't complicated enough, all these periods can be subdivided into further archaeological periods. What is more the dates for each period are not always universally agreed. As another example, these definitions are used for the archaeomagnetic dating database being developed by Bradford University. As I said, I haven't kept fully up-to-date with the subject in recent years. I know that there have been significant advances in the techniques used to analyse the inks (particularly Raman Spectroscopy and X-ray Fluorescence), but I haven't read any reports that they have been applied to Icelandic manuscripts. These were all considered to be important qualities of kingship in the medieval world. It looks like you have part of the bowl of a clay pipe. Probably nineteenth century if I had to guess (based on what I can see of the size and shape of the bowl): These are slightly earlier than the period you're considering, but should still give a reasonable approximation of the expected range. For convenience, I will take the quoted average figure for the whole reign of £18,000, but you can do the same calculations for other parts of the reign. In my judgement, there were just 17 major battles between "English" and "French" forces in the whole of the Hundred Years' War. As with any other feudal landlord, the tenants of the monastery would owe rents and duties to their landlord (in addition to the tithes they owed to the church). It is instructive to note that when Brian Ború assumed the High Kingship around 1000 AD, one of his first acts was to have his secretary write into the Book of Armagh a confirmation of the right of Armagh to all church revenues in Ireland, breaking the feudal power of the monasteries. A month later, Philip's army re-grouped and routed a force under Count John (who, sensing that the tide was turning, had returned to Richard's side).