The last of these features is important with respect to unconditional parenting itself. Most of us would protest that of course we love our children without any strings attached. But what counts is how things look from the perspective of the children — whether they feel just as loved when they mess up or fall short. To improve the situation, keep doing what you are doing. Also, NEVER flush for him (unless he is going to be gone for a few more hours). If you go in to use the bathroom yourself and he is in the middle of something cool at home and his cool stuff is interrupted by, "Ewww! Someone forgot to flush" (just don't make it a tone that is harsh and it will feel like a reminder rather than a punishment) And he has to come flush the toilet, then wash his hands again (he did touch the toilet again) before he can get back to his activity, it won't take too many times for him to realize it is just more efficient to take care of it right away. You mention your son's behavior at school is "inappropriate" and he has trouble keeping friends. Is he exhibiting bully-like behavior? Pulling on his sister's hair is another red-flag warning you have a kid struggling with the difference between influence and control. Bully behaviors can arise for a number of reasons, but kids that are punished physically are at greater risk for becoming kids that attempt to exert control over others in inappropriate ways. Surpise him next time he starts in on a tantrum and give him a hug along with an alternative way to express himself. "I know you feel angry right now, I love you." along with a hug, is likely to shock him back out of his tantrum given the history of things and will signal something is changing. You can then talk to him about "constructive" ways to express what he wants vs. inappropriate ways and how one might lead to win-wins while the other does not. Of course this also means he needs to understand the idea behind compromise is that everyone gets something but not necessarily exactly what was initially wanted. Then, state what it is he is wanting and that he is feeling frusted back to him. In doing this, you do two things: Let him know you heard and understand him and still love him even though you disagree, and you model constructive ways to express his emotions. Take her out for some mommy/daughter time or mommy/daddy/daughter time, get relaxed over some pizza (or whatever her favorite food is) and calmly ask her if there is something else about the incidences in question she has not already shared that might help you understand what happened better. Re-iterate she can tell you anything because you will always love her no matter what. Make sure your question is as general as my example, If you ask it in a leading way, "did that boy do anything to make you mad?" You indicate you already have possible answers in mind and she is less likely to open up. Give her a single question that allows for any answer. She MAY answer, "I wanted to see if it would get your attention" or she might say, "The boy was mean and I was mad," or any number of other things. She might also just repeat, "I don't know, I just did." Include the idea that she can think about it and tell you if she thinks of anything later too. It is important to be genuinely caring but sort of relaxed and casual about it at the same time. Keep your responses slow, methodical and comtemplative. She might open up and say more. While I am happy to let my six year old continue to have baths most of the time, there are times when she needs to take the quicker shower. My child (7, nearly 8 and going on 16 - yes, all one child) is involved in Theater, Children's Choir, takes piano lessons, and has Tae Kwon Do 4 days a week (she is in the black belt club and working hard at moving through the advanced belts) and takes 30 minutes of swimming two nights per week. She also does 45 minutes of playing tennis with her Dad at least once/week and sometimes twice per week. She loves all of these activities. Because of an answer below, it seems this clarification would be good to add: Readiness will depend much on how an individual's reading level compares with that of the book. If you look up the Lexiles for other books the child/adolescent has read and understood successfully, you can determine if his/her score would most likely be above or below the Lexile measure for any given book. Fun Resources that include this concept: There are already some great answers here, so I just want to add that with my own (advanced and perfectionistic child - who is also an only child) as well as with the gifted adolescents I had in my classrooms, I constantly discuss how important mistakes are. Without mistakes we wouldn't learn. If we can already answer all the questions or already do everything exactly right, then we already knew it and aren't learning anything at all. Then I make sure to keep value in learning. If the tantrums don't stop after you've set the "refresh button" and started again with the focus on searching for "win-win" solutions, I'd take it to the next level with him in terms of lost activities. In adult life as well as his friendships, if he were to throw a tantrum every time he didn't get his way, people would stop inviting him places so: