"How do I get to be in Christ so that I would have no condemnation?" According to Romans 6:11, "Likewise you also reckon yourselves to be dead indeed to sin, but alive to God in Christ Jesus our Lord." It is obtained practically through reckoning it so by faith, as this verse says. 

3) We become like those we associate with. We naturally conform to the culture in which we take part. If their tendency is to defer to the local leadership or local custom, then we will eventually parrot that to others; but is the custom to seek God? Is the culture a God-seeking culture, or a culture of established ritualistic habits (think of the Pharisees)? 

You don't state it, but it appears that your real question is one that has been asked thousands of times: "What about those who have never heard the Gospel? Isn't it unfair that they would go to @#!*% when they did not have the chance to hear the gospel and be saved?" If this is your question, you should ask it. 

How were people saved before Christ came? 

He communicated to Abram (Abraham), and Abraham believed God and God justified him by faith (Genesis 15:5-6), then he later ratified his faith by works of faith and obedience (James 2:21-24). Again, this was before there were Israelites. Curiously, what God said to him in Gen. 15, and what Abraham believed, was not a clear gospel story; God justified him for his trusting in God. 

This is a reckoning faith in that the Bible says this process is true and ready to be put into action, and when we reckon it is so and practice it, then we enjoy its benefits. 

This is going to be a rather vague answer, mainly because even within the 'extreme liberal Christians' that you describe there is a huge range of belief. This answer is going to do no more than skim the surface of them. 

A moment's reflection will reveal that such a demand would be ridiculously burdensome. As lonesomeday says, for hundreds or thousands of years the average person was not able to read, and had no books - Bible or otherwise. Even today there are countries where the literacy rate is low enough that such a rule would condemn millions of people to Hell purely because of lack of education. That is to say nothing of people who have no Bible translation in their own language, or simply cannot afford books. Or are blind. It is also extremely hard to imagine a person locked in an oppressive prison without access to books, hearing and accepting the good news from a fellow prisoner, would be denied salvation simply because no written copy of the Bible was available. 

The other important point is to seek out Christians and talk to them. That will give you a much better idea of what Christianity is like in reality, and whether it is real for those people. 

Thoughtful evangelicals will usually admit that Jesus does more than just rescue us from Hell. He restores our relationship with God and with each other; he saves us from the guilt which our sins have brought us; he heals us in body and mind, from broken-ness brought on not just by our own sin, but by others and by the world around us; he restores creation to the state God intended; he gives us "life in abundance". All of those things can be done not just in the future, but here and now, and all fall under the category of 'healing' or 'wholeness', and therefore also of 'salvation'. And he does them personally for each one of us.