English has acquired many terms from Italian as well: opera, stanza, pianissimo, a cappella, falsetto, but I could really go on. It's also not a coincidence that these terms are all related music and theatre. Italian has been the Lingua Franca in Europe in the past, such as during the Renaissance, and many terms are still used in present day. At this point we would have the real-world entity, an actual cat, which is called referent. Add-on: By the way, seeing that others include the explanation of deictics, I thought I'd include it too. Cultural transmission: This refers to the fact that languages (and all that this includes) is transmitted to future generations. Also, these don't necessarily acquire the language from their biological parents, but rather from the society where they grow up (which might include their parents). Recursion: This is a phenomenon where a linguistic rule can be applied to the result of the application of the same rule. So for example, cat is a signifier, it's a word. The animal we think of by reading that word is the signified, i.e. the meaning the word conveys. A language is a complex system of communication, spoken or written, verbal or non-verbal. Riflessività (not sure how to translate this): This is the ability of a language to talk about itself. We use the language to refer to the language itself, making it a metalanguage. I didn't mention it because it didn't seem fundamental to answer your question, but it can add value to the discussion. Like others said, we have deictics in languages. They are highly dependent to the context, and if you listen to an audio conversation, they might represent a problem if you want to fully understand that dialogue. I had some notes about this matter: "Deictic" comes from the Greek word for "pointing" or "indicating". It is reference by means of an expression whose interpretation is relative to the context of the utterance, such as: What happens is that in connected, fast speech function words get unaccented and "show reductions of the length of sounds, centralization of vowels toward /ə,ɪ,ʊ/ and the elision of vowels and consonants" (Cruttenden 2014: 273). Juri Apresjan, a famous Russian lexicographer, uses the term "synonymic series," whose dominant is "a lexeme which has the most general meaning in the given series." For further details see Apresjan 2000, Systematic Lexicography. I thought the following two passages nicely summarize current thinking on the phoneme in phonology: Here are some most common ones - based on Granger and Paquot 2008. In some generative theories of syntax, recursion is usually understood as self-embedding, in the sense of putting an object inside another of the same type (Fitch 2010, Kinsella 2010, Tallerman 2012). However, Tallerman 2012 argues that HFC 2002 used recursion in the sense of phrase-building or the formation of hierarchical structure generally (p. 451). To show how huge this terminological divide between Anglo-American linguists and the rest of the world is, in Granger and Meunier 2008 (23 papers, more than 400 pages), the term "set phrase" is used in two papers only (!), three or four occurrences only, the phraseological unit or phraseme being used much more frequently. For a very readable, recent and succinct discussion of wordhood see The Oxford Handbook of Word (2015), esp. Wray 2015. (my slightly incoherent ramblings on recursion, Merge, and embedding) The meaning of the name, if any, does not (or not any longer) determine its denotation [semantic]. - see my examples above I'd go with no.1 because you can find the following minimal pairs in English (RP): It denotes a unique entity at the level of established linguistic convention to make it psychosocially salient within a given basic level category [pragmatic]. Ladd, D. R. 2011. Phonetics in phonology. In John A. Goldsmith, Jason Riggle, and Alan C. L. Yu. 2011. Handbook of phonological theory. Oxford: Wiley-Blackwell. cf. Berwick 1998's observation that recursive generative capacity is an inherent property of Merge (p. 332). They are both concatenative (or combinatorial) operations; however, Merge involves hierarchy. For example, the dominant of the synonymic series "strong, stout, sturdy, stalwart, tough, tenacious" is strong. Nevins et al. argue that Merge is recursive because it can combine “lexical items and phrases” of any type (p. 367, n.11), cf. Zwart 2011 “[t]he operation Merge is standardly taken to be recursive in that the output of Merge may be subject to further operations Merge” (p. 116). Chomsky says that Merge is putting alpha and beta together. If you want to add gamma to it, then you add gamma to a object [alpha+beta]. The issue here is that for [alpha+beta] to be different from a mere sum of alpha and beta, some new property must arise, otherwise we’ll end up with iteration. What is this new property? a phonetically similar/same base Actually, it is a derivational cascade. I think it's Juan Uriagereka's terminology. Uriagereka 2005 writes that command units (or CU's, objects formed by the continuous application of Merge to the same object) are spelled-out at the end of each derivational cascade. The more common term in the Minimalist Program is a phase. EDIT I don't know why, but comments suggest 'pronouns' as the answer to my question. I think this subset of concrete nouns are always countable unless they are converted to material nouns in context. Is there a name for this large subset of concrete nouns? But concrete nouns also include a large subset of nouns that are neither material nouns nor collective nouns. For example, concrete nouns such as 'car', 'building', 'person', 'country' and 'chair' are neither material nouns nor collective nouns. But the term 'common noun' is too board as it also includes abstract nouns, material nouns, and collective nouns. Even the term 'concrete noun' is too board as it also includes material nouns and collective nouns. As far as I know, common nouns include all the nouns except for proper nouns. Specifically, common nouns include abstract nouns as well as concrete nouns, which include material nouns and collective nouns. But I'm not interested in pronouns. I'm interested in common, concrete nouns such as 'car', 'building', 'person', 'country' and 'chair'.