Classical education ended in the 1960s. One of the main reasons is that the sciences and "social sciences" became much more important. You are correct that Americans in the Civil War who were educated, which is a much smaller percent than today, would have had a much stronger background in literature. A candidate for president may drop out at any of these stages and is running for president during the Surfacing stage, even though they have not "declared" they are running. Declaring is part of the Surfacing stage but it is not the only thing that occurs in the stage. He will restart the process of these stages after dropping out and go back to the Surfacing stage if she still has the will to run for the presidency. Surfacing is very confusing, so here is a more complete explanation: "the series of predictable and specifically timed transactions which serve consummatory and instrumental functions during the preprimary phase of the campaign." (It therefore does not include "grooming" candidates for offices) (For non-native American English speakers: several parts of this are off-putting. "Do not" as a command, "hurry" as a verb, "men," and "steadily" sounds very exact. Taken together, this phrase is highly unlikely to be uttered by a modern American) Paisley's song can be interpreted to be a little bit about the fact that the South still has not regained its economic or social status, even after 150 years, but I don't think so. I think its more about "Southern identity" in a post Civil Rights era, given that the title is "Accidental Racist," so I think the song is about race relations and the failures of the South to accept the positive elements of Reconstruction policy. 

Writing styles from this time period thus appear much more "poetic" in nature, but it was soon replaced by Realism. Much of modern writing is probably properly called Utilitarian. It is also Postmodern and many American writers still rely heavily on Realism, even in more creative writing forms. 

Not much has been written about Edwards, which is why it is difficult to know if there might be a relationship. In 1995, a great deal of new information was discovered about him in the form of personal letters. Kenneth P. Minkema has been studying these letters and Edwards other personal writings and published a paper in 2009, Jonathan Edwards's Defense of Slavery for the The Massachusetts Historical Review Vol. 4, Issue NA. I am referencing his work unless otherwise stated. In the early 20th century, breakfast cereal became popular. It was first introduced as a treatment for insanity and mastrubation, but the market became very competitive very quickly, with 40 companies being founding in the early 1900s. Cereals were offered made from corn, wheat, bran, oats, of all different varieties. Americans began to eat packaged food with increasing frequency. With a national market, Americans could choose what to eat. Over time, Americans started to choose to eat wheat along with corn in their diet. Much of the corn grown today is either shipped internationally, used as animal feed by flavoring it or turned into corn syrup, corn oil or other corn-based food products. Soybeans, another Old World crop, figure prominently in most American packaged foods. The sermon was written after the start of the Conspiracy, which started in the Spring of 1741. It isn't known if Edwards knew about it, but it can be assumed that he did, since it caused wide-spread hysteria. 

The above policies caused the Dust Bowl, so during the Great Depression following WWI, Roosevelt reorganized American agricultural practices Still, until the 20th century the majority of Americans ate their local foods. A few important changes occurred after the Civil War: The US Homestead Act continued to offered farm land in the "Heartlands" Midwest Wheat was first grown in large amounts in the Midwest in the mid 19th century, because there were agricultural markets, a suitable cold environment, and it was useful in crop rotation with corn. Another possible reason the Midwest starting growing wheat is that large amounts of German immigration meant that it had a unique culture. In Germany wheat is the major crop so that's what they grew. German immigrants were also instrumental in altering American beer. If you want to read about corn beer, see this Many of the lands opened to settlement and farming were unsuitable and marginal farm land. An ecological disaster occurred in the middle states of the US due to extreme soil erosion and drought called the Dust Bowl. Farming practices were changed favoring larger, more concentrated farms. Share cropping, which was still very common in the South, was also discouraged through the social security system. The effect is many fewer people were engaged in farming. By WWII, the US began mechanizing most of its farming operations and even fewer people were needed. This meant that they were buying food instead of growing it. 

In the Midwest, corn is still the major crop by far and always was. Its actually known as the "Corn Belt." Wheat is today only grown west of the Missouri River. There are mainly three reasons for the simplification of writing styles (but there are more as well): 1) changes in art movements 2) changes in education 3) changes in views about the audience. The third point runs into the first two points, but I see it as the most important so it will be examined. To answer this question, regarding continuous campaigns, I am going to use a college textbook on how to structure and run a political campaign. It is similar to Econ 101 or Public Policy 101 applied to the study of campaign strategy. The book is called Political Campaign Communication: Principles and Practice by Judith S. Trent and doesn't require any background to read. (I highly recommend :))