The subsequent developments in the enemy combatant cases (some of which arose collaterally in the criminal trial of Padilla), haven't really change the relevant law. There have also been military commission cases since Padilla, but they go to the question of the proper scope and process to apply in military commissions of enemy combatants imposing some punishment beyond indefinite detention as a quasi-prisoner of war for the duration of the war on terrorism authorized by the AUMF. State and Local Age Limits And Disability Rules Most states have chosen not to follow the federal example with regard to judges and have either imposed a constitutional retirement age, as in the case of Colorado, where Colorado Constitution, Article IV, Section 23(1) requires judges to retire at age 72, and/or have a commission overseeing judges (and sometimes other civil servants) that can require them to retire due to disabilities which often arise from old age. It is not at all clear how the courts would resolve that issue outside the 4th Circuit. The Padilla case in 2005 did give rise to a precedent in the United States Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit that supports the practice, although a subsequent ruling in the Al-Marri case arguably muddied the waters. Federal Judges In the case of judges, there is only the remedy of impeachment for non-feasance resulting from failure to carry out the duties of the office as a consequence of old age related conditions. But, the compensation system for federal judges in the United States creates a very powerful economic incentive to retire at a reasonable retirement age by virtue of how the defined benefit pension plan works, that most judges assent to not long after reaching that age. As explained in the linked material: If information is declassified and not privileged, but is not subject to a FOIA request, then anyone who obtains it can use it in court or for any other purpose, but may have no way to compel its disclosure absent a lawsuit in which the document would be within the proper scope of a discovery obligation. Effect of Disclosure On Classification Status (3) Mr. Padilla engaged in conduct that constituted hostile and warlike acts, including conduct in preparation for acts of international terrorism that had the aim to cause injury to or adverse effects on the United States; So, for anyone worried, stop looking for "special solutions" and begin working in the regular solutions (raising public awareness, public speech -including peaceful protests-, etc.) The power of these men depends of their position. Any changes the current POTUS can enact, the next POTUS can dispose of. Again, the power of the government is not only in the POTUS but also in Congress and the Supreme Court, the President has some power but there are "checks and balances". And, if the cabinet and VP does not agree with that, it is very probable that your case is not cut & clear enough to develop into an impeachment (and even if you get the impeachment, you can get a very sharp electoral punishment if you are seeing by the public as having unjustly impeached the POTUS). 2Yes I know, popular vote vs electoral college, but there are already lots of answers covering that. Yes. Argentina had one of those, and a closely related situation. The only way to avoid it would be from somehow change the constitutional roles of the POTUS, and that kind of reform is not something that can be done overnight ever if there was legislative support for it (and there is not). And again, if Trump did have the legislative support to undo those changes, he could revert them. Here is Theresa May, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, investigating the remains of the Grenfell Tower: However, in practice all candidates for the electoral college make a pledge to vote for the president candidate and vice president candidate endorsed by their party, which makes the actual elections of president and vice president just a formality. There were only three cases where US presidents were successfully censured, all of them over 150 years ago: There were also some failed attempts at censuring the president which did not achieve the necessary majority: Prior to the 12th, the candidate who got the most votes from the electoral college became president and the person with the second-most votes became vice-president. This had the drawback that it usually paired the top candidates of two rivaling parties which often disagreed on lots of important issues. This meant they couldn't work well together. The newer system under the 12th ammendment was designed to pair two candidates who have similar opinions and thus make a much better team. Here is German Chancellor Angela Merkel visiting soldiers building an improvised dam to contain a flood in 2014: A Censure is a formal condemnation of the actions of an individual person. Both the House of Representatives and the Senate can make such a statement. They decide on doing so with a vote, just like with any other decision.