Another (subjective) comment on Dominik Lukes' answer: Almost, and I don't see the problem with it. 2) aUI is a (relatiely new, created in 1952 by the philologist and psychoanalyst Dr. John Weilgart) conlang intended to serve as a universal (not only world-wide, but universe-wide) lingua franca using a similar approach of 4) Isomorphism between (phonological, morphological, syntactic, ...) linguistic forms across languages. 1) Isomorphism can exist between different levels of linguistic analysis. 3) Isomorphism as a "biunique mapping between form and meaning", to come back to Kurylowicz, taking the definition form here2: p. 18. "Form" is here to be understood as "phonic aspects" and "meaning" as "semantic aspects", to use the wording from the comment. Such lexical selection errors are different from pure phonological errors, in that they involve words that are still part of the lexicon (just semantically misplaced), where you already pick the wrong word for your sentence before starting to pronounce it. Pure phonological errors would mostly be something like he gave the goy a book (instead of the boy) or lunder and thightening (instead of thunder and lightening), were you realise certain phonemes the wrong way but without that resulting in a phonetically similar, but semantically different word which is not a valid word of the language. So the place where this goes wrong is a different one; it is not during the process of retrieving the words from your mental lexicon, but rather during the pronouncitation process, after you have already chosen your words and built up the grammatical structure. To explain this in the context of syntax: References 1 Isomorphism of Linguistic Levels. (n.d.) The Great Soviet Encyclopedia, 3rd Edition. (1970-1979). Retrieved September 19 2016 from http://encyclopedia2.thefreedictionary.com/Isomorphism+of+Linguistic+Levels 2 Rainer, F., Dressler, W.U., Gardani, F. & Luschützki, H.C. 2014. Morphology and meaning: an overview. In: Morphology and Meaning: selected papers from the 15th international morphology meeting, Vienna, February 2012. Amsterdam/Philadelphia: John Benjamins B.V. 3 Partee, B. B., ter Meulen, A. G., & Wall, R. (2012). Mathematical methods in linguistics (Vol. 30). Springer Science & Business Media Est-ce que tu manges du poisson ou de la viande? - Du poisson. Est-ce que tu manges du poisson ou de la viande? - Oui. I would say those are temporal adverbs. 2 The phenomenon for example doesn't apply for adjectives like dead, you can not be "deader" or so, although something could certainly be taller, heavier, older, ... Also you couldn't really make judgements about adjectives like alleged in John is an alleged murderer, being alleged is not a property that applies or doesn't apply to an individual. There are some more examples; just saying that the concept of something like positive values for adjectives has its restrictions. 3 Another way to check whether something acts as a complement or as an adjunct is that adjuncts may be iterated rather freely, while complements need to be present exactly once (i.e. they may neither be left away nor may there be more than one element occupying the same complement position): Partee et. al. (2012: 203) "Japanese and Korean are sometimes said to be isomorphic with respect to syntactic structure, a claim which would be true if the two languages differed in their morphemes but sentence could be put into morpheme-by-morpheme correspondence preserving syntactic configutations and permitting the same syntactic operations."3 Unfortunately, I don't know enough about Japanese and Korean to go into detail about this statement, but I think the idea should be clear. 1) Args signorum is a language constructed by George Dalgano in 1661. Quoting from the FrathWiki entry: So according to them, stops are all kinds of building up pressure and then releasing the air, while plosives are a special instance of stops which are egressive pulmonic. So I would set the sense of an expression equivalent to the intension of an expression, the "idea" of that sentence, knowing its meaning in all possible cases, without evaluating that idea w.r.t. a particular situation. Correspondingly, I would set the denotation of an expression equivalent to the extension and possibly also the signified of an expression, which is the reference of that expression to the actual individual/truth value/set/... it denotes in a particular situation we are talking about.