My initial reaction when reading this hand was that a push was the easy play. After thinking about it a little, I'm not sure that it's so clear. Make no mistake, a push is absolutely a good, profitable play, but maybe just calling is better for the following reason: given his range, (which btw, I think is too tight--you shouldn't ever totally discount other possibilities even if they are low probability), there are very few if any non-heart cards that could fall on the river to prevent your opponent from paying you off (maybe an ace if he has KK as in this hand). If you focus on building a stack and taking advantage of those players who are just struggling to make it to the money, you'll set yourself up for more impactful chances of success when you do run good late. Take a couple risks to get a big stack and pick out spots where you can bully to get more chips. Focus in on the other players who are now shaping up to be the ones you'll have to make big decisions against late. Even if a push is a better play in a chip EV perspective, it's not a lot better. In a cash game, the push would then still be the clear play. But with a tournament, the prospect of guaranteeing yourself a remaining stack might be worth the lost chip EV. In other words, the difference in value between having 13bb's and 0bb's is greater then the difference in lost chip value between calling and winning versus pushing and winning. I would fold the turn. The opponent has called a raise, check-raised a flop, and bet again--that's showing quite a bit of strength and you have a mediocre hand. So the scenarios in which you win are either you're facing a bluff (or semibluff) or you're up against a better hand and you improve to beat it. If you are up against a better hand, your outs are pretty dubious. Hitting two pair, three of a kind, or even another heart on the river will still lose a decent portion of the time against his "good" range which is mostly a set, a flush, or maybe a pair of nines with better kicker (and maybe higher heart). Think, "Are our Implied Odds (IO) favourable?" and "Will we have enough Fold Equity (FE) later in the hand?". Playing with this in mind with marginal equity, yet high potential hands like PP's is good due to commonly having high IO whilst having low FE, and vice versa. Specific to the example, player A can only call the All-In for $7, although his total amount staked is $10, equaling that of player B. Opposing players still to act can only call the difference between their current staked amount and what opponents have bet, assuming they are closing the action. Otherwise, they can bet/raise up to their total stack assuming another player still to act can match it. You mention "before betting" and "after betting" and i'm not certain of what you mean, but it seems irrelevant as the game is sequential. Further action only exists after any action state. The term short stack is only a description and has no real use in game mechanics. Considering whether players cold-call, 3bet, squeeze, float post-flop cbets, etc. against you should make you consider tightening or loosening your opening standards. The simplest example would be opponents who are IP on you. Opening is less attractive with aggressive opponents yet to act. Conversely, if you have weak, tight and passive opponents who fold too much and/or allow you free passage to hit your strong equity hands at favourable odds, then opening small PP's becomes a better prospect. I don't think you can make a sound judgement here that is little better than a guess. It seems you certainly don't have enough info on the opponent, aside from him limping in Preflop (often a sign of passivity), thus his turn shove can be conceived as tighter than usual if that's true. Also his ~10xbb Preflop open will usually be oversized from experience. It could be the table norm however and may be due to stack depths around the table. Thats for you to judge of course.