Churchill went over this a bit in his autobiography of the war. The idea was Roosevelt's, and it harkens back to the US Civil War and the Battle of Ft. Donaldson. General U.S. Grant used the phrase when the Confederate commander asked for his "terms". 

Diapers back then were not made of synthetic materials, and thus were not really a "consumer good". The first consumer disposable diaper did not come along until 1948 (right after the war). 

The bombings saved somewhere in the neighborhood of 250 - 500 thousand US lives, and Japanese lives in the millions. The bombings saved US lives numbered only in the thousands, and actually cost the Japanese up to a quarter of a million lives. To my mind nobody is in a better position to make estimates of what a full-blown invasion would cost in lives than the people who were in charge of the armed forces at the time. Lukily for us, the US armed services did estimates for their own purposes before the A-bombs were dropped. 

It looks like the later models of Flakpanzer IV (post Möbelwagen), including the Ostwind, were indeed designed to be able to shoot at ground targets, if need be. 

As for this being a public school history education, that's kind of a sore subject. In the USA, K-12 textbooks have to get approved by state boards. Often these bodies are filled with idealogues who only signed up for this otherwise dull task because they have specific things they want taught (regardless of what the facts may be). Thus grade K-12 History textbooks tend to have flat out wrong things forced into them. Uncomfortable subjects (like the intense class warfare of the 19th Century) get ignored altogether. The best I can say about the result is that teachers typically make it so dull that at least kids don't learn most of the wrong stuff being taught. So lets look at the two groups here. On the one hand we have Tito's partisans. They are communist, one of the popular up-and-comming ideologies of the early 20th century among idealists (particular slavic ones, after the Russian Revolution). They are fighting to free their whole country, Yugoslavia, from foriegn invasion. Some environmentally-concerned parents have been going back to cloth recently (although in my experience, parents typically don't do this for second or subsequent children) Falkenhayn's strategy at Verdun was, as you say, attrition. Since frontal attacks and breakthroughs on that front were just not succeeding, the idea was instead to weaken the enemy army by bleeding away as much of it as possible. In order to do that, he had to attack at a point the French would feel forced to defend, despite any losses. Hence the salient at Verdun. The objective was never to actually take it, but to whittle away at the enemy army. 

I don't think this can or should be directly rebutted. Arguing details of a theory that is that far from the mainstream implicitly puts it on equal logical ground with every mainstream analysis. This is ceding it ground it has not earned. The Atomic bombings themselves are estimated to have killed about 150,000–246,000 people (almost all Japanese of course). If it weren't for a single squadron of US torpedo bombers finding the Japanese fleet first, and their crews doing their jobs even though their equipment was so bad that doing so must have seemed pointless suicide (0 hits, and all but one member of the squadron died that day), things could have ended very differently. In the event, destroying the hopeless torpedo planes pulled the Japanese air cover down low, and made them change plans to the point where their decks became stuffed with fully-fueled planes and multiple kinds of aircraft ordinance. That inopportune moment is when 3 American dive bomber squadrons found them. So while the numbers don't really match up (6 vs. 9 millions), the overall claim that Swedish ore was a significant ressource for Germany is legit. 

The German WP article on synthesized coal gives the following numbers on Germany's fuel supply: 

(Which, given that there was a B-29 accompaning the Enola Gay for the expressed purpose of photographing the effects, and assuming there were recon flights in subsequent days as well, would be documented well enough.) You can see him (his character at least), played by Heinz Reincke, talking about how his squadrons were relocated away from the coast due to incessant bombing of the forward airfields (that order been given on June 4th). 

Operation Berlin, Operation Rheinübung, Operation Cerberus, operational history of the Tirpitz and the Admiral Graf Spee. This site lists 1937 worldwide iron ore production. It doesn't list its sources, but it looks far too detailed and matches with my knowledge of these matters at a glance, so I doubt the numbers are made up. 

The military goal for Operation Barbarossa was breaking the backbone of Soviet Russia, reaching an easily defensible position like the Arkhangelsk-Astrakhan line. This would remove the Soviet Union as a political and military threat, and win the "Lebensraum" Hitler postulated in "Mein Kampf" as early as 1925. The second set was not originally part of "the plan". The historian in me is wondering what would have happened if France and Britain hadn't declared war, or if Britain had folded after the fall of France...