IR3535 (chemical name: 3-[N-butyl-N-acetyl]-aminopropionic acid, ethyl ester). Products containing IR3535 include, but are not limited to, Skin So Soft Bug Guard Plus Expedition and SkinSmart. I know DEET is effective at both keeping bugs off and melting technical gear. I'm worried that repeated use of DEET will destroy my nice Goretex jacket, my expensive bib shorts, my softshell trousers, synthetic jerseys, and technical overshorts. Not typically. They have different pull ratios. However, you can get a device called a travel agent to make this work. However, it appears that the Shimano DXR brakes and levers are linear pull, contrary to standard BMX tech, so it's likely fine to use this particular lever with v-brakes on a mountain bike. What's the best option for repelling mosquitoes and ticks for mountain bikers riding in the woods that won't harm my technical gear? I would be wary. Can you do it? Yes. Will it affect the geometry and handling of the bike? Yes Is there a chance you will pedal strike more frequently? Yes The drop will reduce chainring clearance when doing log overs as well. Some companies such as Paul's make a cyclocross specific v brake such as the Mini Moto which have the same pull ratio as road brake levers. The east coast is supposed to have a really bad year for ticks with Lyme disease as well as the concern about Zika Virus and West Nile Virus. See Example: http://sectionhiker.com/deet-dissolves-breathable-fabrics-experimental-results/ https://www.outdoors.org/articles/amc-outdoors/two-common-hiking-items-that-deet-will/ Permethrin-treated materials retain repellency or insecticidal activity after repeated laundering but should be retreated, as described on the product label, to provide continued protection. Clothing that is treated before purchase is labeled for efficacy through 70 launderings. Clothing treated with the other repellent products described above (such as DEET) provides protection from biting arthropods but will not last through washing and will require more frequent reapplications. It's got tabs for disc brakes so you could upgrade in the future, but comes with V-Brakes stock. I have a few friends who have these bikes and really like them.