Biggest tire you can get in it. I doubt you can find a sand or even dirt type traction tire at 30 mm or less. So go with a touring tires. Install flat and pump them on the bike. Front to back may not be the same. You would be lucky to get 30mm and hopefully 28mm. Problem is that even 30mm is terrible in soft sand. In packed wet sand even a 30mm is marginal. For soft sand a 2" is a minimum. If you want to sand then look for a used mtn bike. Cyclocoss is a great way to improve your handling skills. You get to fall at lower speed on grass. They have clinics. You are not going to road race a CX but I will take it as a daily grinder and light touring every time. At the end of CX season in the US and you can usually find great buys on used bikes. A CX bike is stable, strong, and will take wider tires. It is a great road and commute bicycle. It is built to race in city parks. It has a comfortable riding position. Just put touring tires on it (I like 35mm). I don't mean to advertise a bike but if you look at a high end CX like Moots the even say use as light touring. Rout How easy are "brifters" (e.g. Shimano Total Integration or Campagnolo ErgoPower) to maintain and adjust as a hobby cyclist at home?-- Although quite a lot of road bikes have them (including even light touring-oriented/adventure bikes such as the Salsa Vaya or Genesis Croix de Fer 10), I have often heard even from competitive cyclists that they are extremely fussy and hard to keep working optimally. How true is this?-- I keep hearing that, for example, long-distance tourers and others focused on dependability avoid them due to their apparent fickleness and complexity. However, are brifters really that unreliable, or are these people just in the "tail" of the distribution of cyclists, those who cannot afford failure in even the rarest of cases? In particular, I'm looking for all-weather road tires with serious puncture resistance, i.e. a more-or-less-direct competitor to Schwalbe's Marathon line. Pros Cons Roadie Rack from Topeak In my particular case, I live in a corner of the world where the type of bikes carried by almost all dealers (large and small) are in no way what I want: I want something akin to a classic "randonneuring" bike, but there is only one shop which "carries" anything close to that-- the shop has a single Kona Honky Tonk, and their solution would be to e.g. add fenders, racks, etc. Perhaps this is in fact a good solution, but I would like to have more than one available to me. † You can significantly reduce wind resistance by riding a bike with full fairings but, for your stated purposes, this would be a bit ridiculous. A light bike is also nice for getting it on an off bus racks. The main difference here is with two bikes you have two different sets of tires. Hybrid / city / multi-use bikes now come with both styles of handle bars. Not endorsing this bike. It is just an example. MultUseWithDropBars Again not cheap but a mtn bike with bigger studded tires would be your best bet. Back in that era cables came out the top and partially blocked access the brakes. My collection and how I justify/use from oldest to newest Typically arms are more up. Up arms should give you a little better leverage. As for if it will work for you? I think you just need to give it a try. Clearly studs will help. I get dropped on rides on my street CX but it is because I am just not as strong. You can often get good prices used as lot of racers upgrade every couple years. And the bike is typically well maintained. With 1x coming popular many people are upgrading and 2x is probably better for you. Sponsored riders get a bike free. Your risk of crashed bike is not that high as hard crashes in CX are just not common. Crashes are not common.