Classically, there is no difference. Identity is a two place predicate which has the value true if its arguments are numerically identical and false otherwise. One can write such a predicate as Identical(x,y) or one can write it as x=y. The latter is just 'syntactic sugar' that makes sentences easier to read, but it expresses the same thing. This is the way identity is employed in logic, in particular in predicate logic, and by extension in mathematics. To say 1=1 does not express identity because there is a spatial difference between the left and right is confusing the thing with the symbol that denotes it. The number one is identical with itself. Of course a serious issue arises over how symbols denote things, and there is much debate over this. Frege held that names are a kind of abbreviated definite description, but this is only one of many accounts of the meaning of names. There are plenty of contexts (intensional contexts) in which identity relations appear to violate the indiscernibility of identicals. For example, "Mary knows that George Orwell wrote 1984" might be true, while "Mary knows that Eric Blair wrote 1984" might be false (even though George Orwell = Eric Blair). In general what this means is that while a given identity relation might correspond to a purely extensional equivalence in a particular logic, there might be a more expressive logic in which that identity relation is not extensional. 

Let's restate the two expressions as 

Firstly, and perhaps somewhat pedantically, let's note that although randomness has a precise definition in certain mathematical theories - e.g., information theory, where we define randomness as the inability to compress information - in a philosophical context randomness has no precise definition. Furthermore, it is far from clear that randomness exists in reality. For example, there are deterministic interpretations of quantum theory. So let's stick to unpredictability. I do not see the ZF fanatic as facing a predicament. I see Aaronson facing a predicament. How can he defend his Platonist argument with a non-Platonist argument. 

I’m not sure if any of this will be of any help to you, but hopefully it will help clarify some of the terms. 

(Regarding Cantor’s claims that “infinities are no obstacle to probabilistic calculations”, I believe this would follow from the simple fact that the theory of transfinite numbers ( the ordinals and cardinals of set theory) includes a well-defined transfinite arithmetic. Thus, the same mathematical methods that apply to the finite arithmetic of probability would carry a transfinite interpretation.) 

Let's look at the second part of your question first. This sort of doodling is fun, but unfortunately it does not say anything about the formal, topological view of compactness among the ordinals. Where this text seems to have problems is the statement “we can claim that the axiomatic presentation of inconsistent multiplicity…”, since it is precisely the axiomatic formulation of set theory that eliminates the inconsistent multiplicities. 

He then turns around and rebuts his antagonist's objection to his Platonism with a non-Platonist argument when he says "why should you even say there’s a fact of the matter about whether something is or isn’t provable in ZF". He is rejecting LEM as applied to ZF, saying there are statements S in ZF such that "S is ZF-provable or S is not ZF-provable" is not true. The coin toss example is an interesting example. The statistical distribution of the digits of the expansion of π is another. To make this analogous to the coin toss, let's consider the binary expansion of π. This is statistically random. However, it can be shown that sequences of consecutive zeros or consecutive ones of length n occur for any value n. Thus, for example, there exists a sequence of a trillion, trillion, trillion consecutive zeros in the binary expansion of π even though there is a statistically random distribution of 0's and 1's. If such a sequence occured near the beginning, the most non-mathematicans would assume non-randomness. 

As I mentioned in my original answer (above), Cantor formalized the concept of counting by defining the ordinal numbers. The Continuum Hypothesis asks, what is the cardinality of the continuum. All cardinalities are defined as certain types of ordinal numbers. The cardinality of the continuum is given by the cardinality of the well-ordered set [0,1] ( = the set of real numbers between 0 and 1). So the continuum hypothesis is absolutely about counting. Is asks how many ordinals do I need to count in order to count the cardinality of the continuum. Aside : Russell's paradox is a logical (formal) paradox and one could say that it gives rise to a theorem, namely that the cumulative hierarchy (the collection of all sets) is not itself a set. This would not be a theorem of set theory since set theory only deals with sets, but it could be considered a theorem of mathematics in general. 

So that’s my ZFer defence. If this is sound, then this is one way out for ZFer without doubting God. 

borrowing our notation from that of intervals in the real line. 

The only reference to probability in the linked paper (above) is in relation to Chaitin’s constant Ω, which “measures” the probability of an arbitrary (or random) program halting. This doesn’t have anything to do with set theory, at least not directly.