Furthermore, the advantage comes from the one card knowledge, as opposed to something else like position. Having said all that, in the process of writing all this, I've also come up with countermoves for Player 1. Basically, they would need to play very aggressive pre-flop. You would need to make it very, very expensive for Player 2 to enter the pot. You need to avoid those board textures that give a lot of draws; best way to do that is raise, raise, raise pre-flop! Player 1 would NEVER just check or call pre-flop. In this process, they would win by blinding-off their opponent and giving Player 2 no cheap flops. The Ace is most valuable pre-flop. After that, the equity is more likely to drop than anything else. Player 2 would also consider playing other things that flop well and completely miss the range for Player 1. For example something like 8♥ 9♥ wouldn't be a terrible hand if the flop gives Player 2 multiple draws and/or a pair. If you can get to a board like that, then the hands are worthwhile to consider. 

And that's really where the advantage comes in - Player 2 can balance their range. But Player 1, with the Ace, is basically "locked-in" to their range! This is the angle that needs to be exploited in order for Player 2 to win. 

For the purposes of this answer, Player 1 is the one with the Ax hand. Player 2 is the player with the non-Ace hand. I'm also assuming that Player 2 has a random hand - in other words, sometimes their starting hand will also include an Ace. However, Player 2 narrowing down the range in this manner gives Player 1 a lot of information too! Player 2 needs to avoid a scenario where Player 1 always knows that they are on an Ace. So Player 2 would have to do some range balancing in order to throw Player 1 off their cards. 

Reading books about the subject (and practicing what they teach you) is a powerful and efficient way to learn. But when that situation comes along (and it comes quite often) where you don't know what to do (even after the hand is over), you need people to talk to about it. Brainstorming about controversial decisions in poker is more important than in any other field. At showdown, the player in the earliest position must show his hand. After that, it will go clock-wise (just like on a flop, turn or river) and all the other players have the option to show or muck. If they muck, they can't win the pot. Besides books and videos and tutorials, a very good choice is to be part of poker communities. Discussions about poker in these communities vary from beginner to expert, texas hold'em to razz and badugi and much more. So beeing active in such a community can only be good for you. You're right: this site definitely has potential... if only it would be more popular. 

PS: I rarely show my hand if I see that I'm beaten. The only situation I can think of when unvoluntarily showing your hand can be a good idea is if your opponent(s) is/are on tilt. If you have the chip-lead, it's a good idea to win a pot and show that you weren't bluffing. They'll be 100000 % sure that you're bluffing a big percentage of your hands, but those legit hands that you've shown will be so well locked in their head, that it will be very hard for them to play their small stack against you. The blinds will kill them eventually and you'll go up the payladder :) . 

So, to answer your question: if the guy with AK has the earlier position, he can't just muck and forfeit the pot. He MUST show his hand. I had a good experience with PokerStrategy when it comes to this. They have a section where you can post hands and have expert players evaluate them and give you feedback about what you did well and how you can improve your play when that particular situation occurs. This format just... works.