I make a note that the National Catholic Reporter has received significant controversy from the Roman Catholic Church, because it promotes beliefs contrary to what the Vatican teaches. It merely gets its name, because it intends to write for progressive-minded Catholics or cafeteria Catholics. Basically, Sanchez's logic goes something like this. We (Catholics) are in union with God by means of Holy Communion. This union is special, because it helps us become better people, and because it leads us to do the "right thing", even though the right thing may seem illogical and may cost our lives. The events that led up to the Crucifixion (the verses that lead up to John 19:26-27) show that Jesus's willingness to take the punishment for our sins is illogical, hence noble and admirable in an empathetic sort of way.1 As I understand it, many Catholics mark the sacraments according to the human lifespan. During infancy, children born in Catholic families would be baptized. Around 7 years of age, children would typically have their First Holy Communion. Around 14 years of age, children would typically have to take confirmation classes and be confirmed. Okay. So, let's say a Catholic doesn't really pay attention to Sunday school or confirmation class or thinks the theology is too confusing and dense or falls half-asleep in class due to boredom. And the only reason why he wants to get confirmed is that his family has a tradition of giving out confirmation presents. In adulthood, the Catholic tries to be a good Catholic, but the information that he was supposed to learn never got encoded into his memory. Plus, he might pick up some heretical information from a Lutheran friend or a Quaker friend. If the priest suspects that such a person is completely ignorant of Catholic theology, would the priest recommend a re-catechism and re-confirmation? If the said person confesses that he has completely forgotten everything he learned, then can such a person receive a re-catechism or re-confirmation, or is it too late as he was already confirmed? Basically, I am just wondering whether Confirmation is an one-time deal in life or can be given out despite that the individual is already confirmed (however poorly catechized he might be). In order to understand the Roman Catholic Church, one must understand its long history. This website explains what the Roman Catholic Church is. Basically, it describes that the Roman Catholic Church is founded by the Lord Jesus Christ and his twelve apostles. When Peter was granted the power to become the first pope, the head of the apostles, he also made precedence of what the Roman Catholic Church should look like. In the present era, the pope embodies Peter, and the pope's cardinals (a type of higher-ranking bishop) and bishops embody the original apostles. Together, the pope and his close circle of bishops represent the unity of the universal, or catholic, church. Whenever there are disputes within the church, the pope has the final word on faith and morals due to the establishment of papal infallibility. The purpose is to make sure that the Church has a common mission, common background, common faith. The article emphasizes that the devotion to Mary lies in popular religiosity, or the piety of the people. Patricia Sanchez from the National Catholic Reporter connects the Eucharist and being at one with God with the events that led up to the Crucifixion. A Catholic reference2 offers two likely interpretations of the verse. One is the literal interpretation: that Jesus is concerned for his mother. The other is the symbolic interpretation: that Mary, mother of Jesus, may be perceived to be the mother of all Christians, personified by the Beloved Disciple. Mary may be a representative to those seeking salvation, and she is supported by the disciple who interprets Jesus' revelation, or perhaps, the verses are about Jewish and Gentile Christianity being reconciled.2 In a sense, the devotion of Mary is emotionally comforting, because Christianity is a mutually exclusive religion that forbids the worship of other gods. So, devoting to Mary is like a gap between the old polytheistic way of life and the new monotheistic way of life. It notes that Mary is the "arbitrator of monotheism" of the Christian religion due to devotion to her and making stone images of her.