Again, this can be observed elsewhere; the symbol for China, for example, is simply a square quartered, to show that China is the centre of the world. A specific example may show what I mean by this explicitly: Take the simplest mathematical operation we can think of, that of addition. Originally this was defined with respect to the integers, and it was seen that they followed certain rules (ie existence of identity & the associative law). Notice also to add two integers together we don't need the assistance of a third, its solely defined in terms of the two integers we have at hand. Often he would say that he was “not a religious man” but could not help “seeing every problem from a religious point of view.” Can the Tao that can be judged, the real and permanent Tao? This isn't how non-Euclidean geometry is usually presented; a more standard treatment would most likely state that triangles do not neccesarily have their internal angles add up to 180 degrees (less would be hyperbolic, more is spherical); here however, is Cavailles exegesis: whereas the SEP entry on Africana Philosophy says this is "the name for an emergent and still developing field of ideas and idea-spaces, intellectual endeavors, discourses, and discursive networks within and beyond academic philosophy that was recognized as such by national and international organizations of professional philosophers, including the American Philosophical Association, starting in the 1980s. Thus, the name does not refer to a particular philosophy, philosophical system, method, or tradition. Rather, Africana philosophy is a third-order, metaphilosophical, umbrella-concept used to bring organizing oversight to various efforts of philosophizing—that is, activities of reflective, critical thinking and articulation and aesthetic expression—engaged in by persons and peoples African and of African descent who were and are indigenous residents of continental Africa and residents of the many African Diasporas worldwide." Pop Art as High Art was done by Andy Warhol. His art was perverse in that it seemingly celebrated the banalisation of art. Its mechanisation. Its automation and flat & high affect. These attack the primary attibutes of art as written and described in Benjamins The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction. In contemporary continental philosophy, I'm aware that Badiou uses Category Theory in the later development of his thought, though I can't say I understand what he's doing, so I'm not going to say anything about it. However, see 'Logics of Worlds'. The following is a quote from this site: http://theimmeasurableexcess.blogspot.com/2008/07/badiou-and-deleuze-brothers-in.html One might suggest that they look at Chinese calligraphy - for a visual sense carries over more easily, is more easily translatable; and given that calligraphy is closer to words than most other visual work is or could be, this might get them to stop and think for a moment. There was natural philosophy - in fact it seemed that the presocratics were interested in various rational cosmologies (a kind of prescience, they lacked the technology to make definitive experiments - atomism for example wasn't definitely proven until the early 20C with brownian motion, even though that was one of the atomists key example, see Lucretious de Rerum Natura) This was all taken from: Three Wittgensteins: Interpreting the Tractatus logico-philosophicus by Thomas J. Brommage If geometry can change, perhaps categories can? In Philosophy at large, one notes that for example, the French Philosopher & Maoist, Badiou uses ZFC explicitly in his philosophy of Love, Politics & Art. He calls ZFC the ontology of truth. This is explained in his book, Being & Event, and in the Logic of Worlds he goes onto Topos theory to futher extend his line of thought. Quite how this works I'm non too sure of...