Taking two actions for the same post (e.g., down-voting a question, and then commenting on the down-vote) doesn't increment the number of actioned posts (which is not visible in the review statistics) by two because the post is only one. For what I could notice on Drupal Answers, most of the late answers given from new users are related questions written as answers; requests for more information necessary to answer the question; comments about having the same problem, and asking to the OP if a solution was found; spam. I have tried with Firefox 12.0 (I know, it's not supported), and Google Chrome 18.0.1025.142; I had the same result as with Safari. On Google Chrome I noticed that if I first flag for moderation attention (selecting other, and entering a custom reason), and then I flag selecting "it doesn't belong here," the dialog box appear fine. It is only when I flag using "it doesn't belong here" twice in row that I have the problem I have described here. If three users select vandalism as rejection reason, the privilege of suggesting edits is not revoked earlier. Whatever reason you choose, users will not be able to suggest further edits for the next 7 days, after X suggestions of theirs are rejected. If I visit the page showing the history of the approved/rejected suggested-edits, I can click on the "Approve"/"Reject" link to see how the suggested edit changed the post. The page I see show a "Next" button, which just takes me to the next suggested edit to review, or to a page saying, "There are no items for you to review." Moderators have the possibility to convert an answer into a comment, but in no case they should convert a comment written as answer from a user that doesn't have the privilege of commenting on questions asked from other users, except in the case the post contains a link that is relevant for the question, or any of its answers. Today, I edited two posts that were shown in the "Low Quality Posts" page for the new review system. After I clicked on "Save Edits," I was asked if I wanted to leave the page, or stay on that page. Thinking it was a revival of a bug that was reported before, I clicked on "Leave page," and I was redirected to the page showing the question, with the edited post highlighted. In the case of answers, the question is shown too, to allow you to understand if the answer is really an answer. While not all the late answers are like this, between the late answers written by new users you can find answers that should be flagged as "not an answer." There are then answers that are only spam, which generally are written for old questions, even if I have also seen spammer using a question for spamming, and adding more spam as answers. That the reason there is the "Late Answers" review page. Should not those links take to the site where the badge has been gained? Alternatively, there should not be any link to the review pages. The reason for rejecting the suggested edit is only important for the user who suggested it. Moderators generally don't suspend a user for suggesting bad edits. That could eventually happen for a user vandalizing posts written by others; even in that case, moderators don't normally check the number of suggested edits rejected as vandalism, except in the case a post in this very site or a flag points out the behavior of a user who, for example, keeps suggesting edits that change posts in non sense. In that case, marking a suggested edit as vandalism when it is effectively vandalism helps the moderators. If you want to understand why your flag was declined, what the moderator meant, or why what the moderator said applies to your case, then you can ask on the meta site for the site where you flagged a post.