He had his car stolen. He had his house repossessed. He's had three books published. These are different from the causative have construction: e.g. (1) doesn't mean "He caused his car to be stolen". What this construction seems to do is line up the subject with an argument that could be called an "affectee", i.e. someone affected by the action; another term might be "beneficiary", but in the broad sense of a referent who is either advantaged or disadvantaged by the action. What are the semantics of this construction? What constraints are there on the semantic role of the subject and its relationship to the action of the verb? For example, one constraint seems to be that the subject should be aware of the action: He had his car stolen, but he didn't realize it sounds strange to me. Also, it seems like the action has to be agentive (though the agent is someone other than the subject): He had his key lost is obviously bad. When and how did this construction arise? Is it historically an extension of the causative have construction? What other languages have similar constructions, i.e. ones that line up the subject with an "affectee" or "beneficiary" argument, and what do these look like morphosyntactically? (The "benefactive pivot" construction of some Philippine languages seems to be one example.) can (I think) be expressed in a linear indexed grammar (LIG), so you're right that the generative power required is strictly greater than context-free. As for the extension to CFGs which you propose, The key reason is that the "soft"/"hard" distinction is phonemic in Russian, but not in English. As such, the distinction is not rendered in phonemic (broad) IPA transcription. A narrow transcription may use the palatalisation diacritic ʲ. ?I believe he is a crook honestly. Out of your list, 'tense matching' and 'subject-verb matching', 'pronoun-reference' (usually called anaphora resolution), 'general "and" and "or"' (coordination) have definitely been addressed in many formalisms including generative grammar, Head-driven Phrase Structure Grammar (HPSG), Combinatory Categorial Grammar (CCG), and many others. (I am not sure what you mean by verb ellipsis, but if you mean: Indeed, as you've observed, palatalisation before front vowels in English is subject to idiolectal and dialectal variation. For example, I doubt that unconditional palatalisation before front vowels is present in my idiolect (Australian English). To conclude, as Pons-Sanz 2015 writes, In British English, things are way more complicated. Although [əʊ] is the most common variant now, there are other variants, too; see part 8.10.4 in Gimson's Pronunciation of English (7th ed.). Secondly, you grossly misrepresented it. There were two options, V-raising or I-lowering (other variants: Agr-I, AGR-I, Agr-T etc.). French was considered a V-raising language (i.e. with overt verb raising): V moves to Agr, and then it all moves to T. English, on the other hand, was a I (Agr-T) lowering language, which means T lowers to Agr and then T-Agr lowers to V. Aspectual classes are traditionally states (know), achievements (recognize), accomplishments (build a house), and activities (build). Sometimes aspectual classes are called lexical aspect, so, to avoid terminological confusion and unnecessary baggage, a new term actionality has been proposed (e.g. Tatevosov 2003). More information about the chronology of this change could come from the development of OE giefan (> PDE give). The ODEE mentions that the non-patalal variant appears c.1200 and that the regular ME forms yive, yeve etc. “prevailed in southern and midland writings till XV.”