Other fears, like new kids on playgrounds, he overcomes after 5-10 minutes of exposure. Not so with costumed people. 

Unfortunately, most studies done on lexical development and language acquisition that I have access to are done to study second language acquisition, and not native language acquisition. 

I suspect that if my son could not communicate so well with us, we would spend considerably more time failing to communicate than we would ever spend teaching him these simple concepts. The nature of this assertion, however, makes it nearly impossible to study scientifically. 

A clear example is one from my own youth: I would often rush to complete a drawing or coloring page, and in my excited impatience fail to take the time necessary to stay in the lines. Here, my specific problem was more behavioral, and a reminder to take my time and to be calm would help to address the problem. 

So far, he's seen Santa Clauses, Easter Bunnies, a Gopher, and Cy the Cyclone's bird. He's been equally fearful of them all. 

Our efforts towards increasing our son's vocabulary at 2 years of age have enabled us to: 

Children learn very early on that they can get Mum and Dad to do anything - at daycare, I'm assuming the staff don't bend quite as much. 

Currently it sounds like your son knows that if he waits he will get the food types he wants. Clever, eh :-) The only real solution is to stick to a rule of 

If it makes you uncomfortable, you could think about dissuading the activity, especially if your culture will not accept it in public. 

Once he realises he just won't get what he wants and will just go hungry things should change - and don't worry about children going hungry: our doctors all agreed that once they are hungry enough they will eat anything, and that point will come a long way before any harm. At least at that age - teenagers have a much more complicated scenario, apparently, so I'm not looking forward to that... 

You can understand why babies and toddlers may do that - your body is the source of their comfort and happiness. It is normal for them to do it, although a more common comfort is sucking the thumb, for example.