al-Bukhari was born in Bukhara which nowadays isn't located in Iran but in Uzbekistan and neither of those two countries existed or had those names at the time AFAIK. So saying he's Iranian is like some Arabs pretending ibn Sina to be an Arab or ibn Ajurum to be an Arab instead of saying his a Muslim or a Persian Muslim. Let's say his a Persian Muslim! Some also quote this statement which is quoted in some ahadith as a reference to the status of women in Islam (even if the quote is taken out of context as it seems): 

So this means that Quran can't be understood as a standalone source, we need to know how the Prophet (Peace be upon him) practiced it's teaching, therefore some madhabs had a ranking of Sunna in their osol, where the practiced Sunna (ahadith where it is explained what and how the Messenger of Allah (Peace be upon him) used to practice something) is much higher then the verbal Sunna (hadith with verbal orders or prohibitions)! This Verse is as i think very clear about the matter that Sunna (Hadith) is an explanation (often practical) in how the Quran should be understood and as you read the Prophet (peace be upon him)n is asked to explain and teach it to them. Explaining is what we find in the Sunna! Finally there's an other hadith compiled in at-Tabarni's al-Awsat and al-Bayhaqi's sho'ab al-Iman on the authority of Anas ibn Malik (): 4) ... Allah has sent down the Book and the Wisdom ... [An-Nissa' 4:113] More references and conclusion For further information here is a fatwa in English On how to deal with a relative who is an apostate. Note that on islamqa I found a fatwa allowing the gracious avoidance as described above even for Muslims see for example here for relatives who abuse and threat others badly and one where a mother (Muslim) is allowed to avoid her (Muslim) if she is abusing her, but this fatwa is also recommending patience and quoting ahadith on the importance of maintaining ties of kinship. 

And ibn al-Jawzi claimed that the Musnad contains ahadith that are fabricated. From this we see that no hadith collection could be free from criticism and this is fully ok! As we have only to believe that the Quran is free and safe of mistakes etc. However he also says that this didn't happen in Medina, so this might be a clear mistake by a narrator, but if by "al-Baq'i" the narrator meant or was reffering to the suq in Mecca it would be correct, a shorter version is available here for example in sunan ibn Majah and other compilations. 

So far this is related to Muhammad or what he has transmitted us from our Creator. 

What might be the source of your statement then? I have a "sensibility" about the word "Holy" but i regard that Quran is our most and 1st important source. And i must admit i have also a kind of sensibility about some ahadith (hadiths) that even might be regarded as sahih but i will never reject all of them! And as the rules of sahih ahadith are very clear and hard i must accept that sahih hadiths are the 2nd important source ... One should always be careful and check if a Hadith isn't contradictory to a Quranic Verse! Also note that rejecting sahih hadith means indirectly rejecting the Quran as both have similar if not identical ways of transmission. 

Major source the Article (Arabic) of the scholar ibn Amin on this purpose. See also islamqa #240706. And an Article from majallat al-bohot al-'ilmiyah (Arabic). 

Based on the assumption that the hadith is rather authentic (in worst case Hassan li ghayrih = Hassan because of other supporting narrations) scholars have commented on it! 

Of course he pointed out a couple of ahadith which he considered to be incorrect. As they present a bad picture of Islam and our Messenger in person (Peace be upon him)!