C. M. Yonge The Story of the Christians and Moors of Spain 

I’m wondering if the formation of Free French Forces destined for North Africa had anything to do with the lack of French fighter pilots in the Battle of Britain. However, given that the RAF had more planes than pilots, that surviving French pilots had invaluable combat experience (as did the Poles and Czechs), and that the fall of Britain would have been catastrophic for the allies, surely the Battle of Britain had to take priority over anything else? 

The reasons why there were many Polish, Czech and Commonwealth pilots are clear enough, as are the reasons for the relatively low number of Australian pilots. 

What is the most number of days that a submarine remained at sea during WWII without going to a port (i.e. were there cases where subs were resupplied by supply ships several times)? 

In fact, there was no guarantee even that a Christian ruler could trust a fellow Christian not to join forces with a Muslim army - note the career of Roussel of Bailleul whose treachery (first abandoning a Byzantine army to join a Muslim force in defeating his former ally and then later setting up an independent state) eventually led to his capture by the Seljuks and execution by the Byzantines (1077). 

Source: Hunt Janin & Ursula Carlson 

Among the non-British pilots, at least 141 were Polish, 84 Czech and 28 Belgian, but only 13 were French and none were Dutch, Norwegian or Danish. 

Prior to Belgium's withdrawal from the accord, was there ever a plan to extend the line along the Belgium-Netherlands border as part of the aforementioned discussion of 'greater integration of frontier defenses'? If not, was this because of the cost? Or was it because the Belgians (especially the Flemish population) didn't want too much French influence? Or was it because the Belgians didn't want to offend the Dutch? Or perhaps a combination of all three? 

It may seem strange that Christian soldiers (knights or otherwise) at times fought for Muslim rulers, but we should be careful not to look at relationships between Christians and Muslims from the modern perspective. Although it is true that Christian soldiers were usually used when Muslim rulers were fighting each other rather than fighting Christians, the early spread of Islam into Christian lands was often welcomed as a relief from Byzantine rule for Muslim rulers tended to be tolerant. As Jane Smith notes: