How are the sublime and the beautiful destinguished? One thing you can see from this answer already is that they obviously have to step into speculative idealism, which for Kant would by definition be transcendent, and try to reconcile this with the possibility of knowledge. This is imho exactly what Fichte tries in his Wissenschaftslehre, Schelling with his philosophy of identity in My System of Philosophy, and Hegel in his Science of Logic and even in his earlier Phenomenology of Spirit. Last step: Content of THE categorical imperative In effect this argument is exactly the same as above, though arguably better witten: P2: An action from duty has its moral worth in the maxim (subjective principle of the willing), not in the purpose. Regarding the sublime as destinct from beauty In section 23, Kant destinguishes the sublime and the beauty. The main difference is stated as followed: It is all about the value of a good will, which is absolute, whereas usefulness is always relative and depending on actually willing the end. This is explicitly addressed later: That means that when you are a peasant and can factually not do something morally good because it is not in your power to do so, you are still moral as long as you do everything that is in your power. And when you have the factual power to do good in the world and do not act with good will, i.e. e.g. respecting the dignity of every rational being (see Groundwork, 4:429-433), your are in fact immoral. Question 3: (more "common reason") Wouldn't it be correct to say that much more respect is earned if one seems to act on principles without needing a religious motivation? Or in a more harsh way: Isn't religious belief only needed for those who need to have a small rest of selfishness in every action to be motivated? The proposal of @MauroAllegranza John Zammito, The Genesis of Kant's Critique of Judgment (1992) may be worth a look as well, but I don't know about it. The main problem behind the categorical imperative is understanding the notion of maxims. That of course is not really complete and can as well as should be refined and extended to fit in all of his philosophy. In particular, I am convinced that his (critical) philosophy can better be understood as either philosophy a priori - that looks at conditions of the possibility (and laws) of judgements, distinguished by their objects (logics, as formal, being the exception) - or empirical or 'worldly' philosophy, as he will call it later - that simply describes experience. And even if so, his Metaphysics of Morals from 1797 contains a fair amount of empirical statements. But this is another story. Rosen is quite explicit about that Hegel is looking for something like a fist principle: This, together with the arguments he delivers himself after first just stating the proposition, makes it understandable how he can speak of law and respect: setzen could be translated to set or put sth., but in this context it is better to say to assume. I will go into detail for all three of them. 3) Why is he so desperate in defending freedom? A particular situation A particular intent/end [Zweck] the action is aiming for The particular means/action for achieving the intended outcome (and thus what Kant calls "practical rules") The mentioned example In Kant's own words, he describes it as follows: For the same reason, Paul Guyer's The Cambridge Companion to Kant would be another alternative. The problem is nicely put in this article, too. Regarding the answer of @MarkH. (one for all type) Seconded on Meiner, at least for the second and third critique. The first critique (at least in my 1998 edition) lacks remarks/end notes, but all for them have a good subject index. Especially the third critique's remarks are excellent, though. For CPR, I recommend reading commentaries alongside. A reasonably complete and comprehensible critical edition would go into the thousands of pages. Additionally, Kant's reflections on the topic from different periods can be found in the volumes XVII-XIX. The special advantage here is that the text of A and B edition (until they are identical) of CPR are printed completely seperately. The main disadvantage is that they are photocopies of the original edition 1900ff., which means they are written in (the old) German type and you may have to become used to reading this first. The main point here is that beauty is to some extend similar/linked to morality (which HAS a schematism, see second critique), but not in the sense of a necessary schematism, but only in a symbolic manner, because there are only the 'form of the reflection' together with some other things that are to some extend equal. And he extensively explains in what sense they are equal and where the analogy ends afterwards: Alltogether there are some similarities, but I would say the kantian concept of knowledge is more restrictive. That is only consequent, because the difference between object [Gegenstand] and thing [Ding] is the one between the table of judgements (necessary conditions of reference to objects as such [Gegenständen überhaupt]) and the table of categories (necessary conditions of reference to things as such [Dingen überhaupt]) in the Critique of Pure Reason (A70-71 and A79-80 respectively). C1: Duty is the necessity of an action from respect for the law.