Elven armor is the lightest armor I'm aware of. 4 piece is 7 units of weight. 5 piece is 11 units of weight. With this low weight, you can easily skip armor weight reducing perks. When you make the choice, you get a shield, chest, legs, hands and boots according to: Arrows are affected by gravity. Note2: The Imperial studded chest is a light armor item. Armorsmithing perks - These perks increase the amount of addition armor rating you get when improving your gear at the workbench. This additional armor can be very significant. It's more point-efficient to go up one side of the tree or the other. By choosing one side of the tree, you're choosing which armors you want to be better at improving. starting point: 85 skill with 1735 skill xp needed to level. Armor perks - Light armor perks only apply to light armor. Heavy armor perks only apply to heavy armor. Some perks farther up these trees require full four-piece sets (head, chest, hands, feet). If you are wearing armor pieces for armor rating - you'll probably get some of these perks. It's more point-efficient to focus on one tree instead of two. Then I maxed smithing and started making stuff. Consider the primary attributes of armor: armor rating and weight. Rating is why you want armor. It reduces physical damage taken. Weight is a big obstacle (less loot, less weapons, less potions). If you go without a helmet, you don't get armor rating from that slot. How much armor rating do you lose by that choice? Does the weight reduction (and magic bonus) make up for that? Can you compensate for the armor rating loss with an alteration spell? While it is perfectly fine to mix armor types, there are some elements in the game intented to make you identify with one type over the other. Skyrim isn't appropriate for children of that age. There are multiple quests where god-like entities tell you to kill your friends (and then reward you for doing so). 70 heavy armor (required for Conditioning) is a long way away. What you really want to solve the sneaking issue is the Muffled Movement perk at 30 sneak (50% noise from armor) and the Muffle spell from illusion. Levels - when wearing mixed armor types, you'll get skill points toward both. These skill points can help you level faster. However, it's questionable whether these extra points help you survive fights better. You run a small risk of out-leveling your ability to survive (but there are many mechanisms in the game to counter this possibility). If you use a Target spell, it must connect with a target to award skill xp. One of the big downsides of Ward is the cost. You want a predictable situation to have the spell ready and to keep it active for as short a period as possible. One such situation - traps. Use Ward while running through swinging axe hallways or stepping onto a rune. This also works to get a spell in the right hand and a shield in the left hand. The soul trap weapon casts soul trap on the creature. The creature dies. 5% of the creature's soul is stored to the weapon. 100% of the creature's soul is stored to an empty gem. Yes, that is 105% of the soul, which is awesome. Directly equip spells (same instructions whether in the magic menu, or the favorite menu). If you use a Summon spell, it might kill the enemy, ending your combat, requiring you to search out another enemy to gain skill on. Ran some console commands in the name of Science!