Infants are notoriously poor at regulating body temperature when it comes to environment. They can't dissipate heat as well as older babies, and worse yet, they can't generate heat when cold. Most public pools will be too cold for an infant; there is a very real risk of hypothermia. Florida mandates reporting only newborns that are “demonstrably adversely affected” by prenatal drug exposure. Critical Congenital Heart Disease (CCHD) has been added to the panel of disorders screened in Florida. If you want to do what is best for your baby, then you should be talking to her pretty much all the time, except when she's asleep. So yes, talk to her when she cries; your voices will let her know she's being heard. 

They are for diseases you've mostly never heard of, such as Propionic acidemia, 3-Hydroxy-3-methyglutaric aciduria, Holocarboxylase synthase deficiency, ß-Ketothiolase deficiency, Glutaric acidemia type I, etc. 

Oxygenation can be a problem if your baby has any heart or circulatory abnormalities, if she is premature (at 38 weeks, she is no longer premature), has complications during delivery, or if she has an underlying respiratory condition, in which case your baby's doctor might recommend postponing air travel until age 1 or later, or perhaps earlier with supplemental oxygen. Male infants do urinate on themselves. You would wash his face if he urinated on it, wouldn't you? Same applies to the ear. No biggie. He won't get "swimmer's ear" if that's what you're afraid of, and a middle ear infection is not possible this way. 

Examining the Cost-effectiveness of Early Dental Visits Factors affecting dental fear in French children aged 5–12 years Dental x-rays and risk of meningioma General info from the American Academy of Pediatric Dentistry 

Note that what is recommended by pediatric dentists at the first dental visit is something that has been recommended in pediatrician's and FP's offices all along except for the application of fluoride: 

I cannot say this often enough: physicians are, in general, opposed to reporting pregnant women who have used or abused drugs. Failure to sleep at night in newborns is usually caused by a lack of (or failure to establish) a circadian rhythm; in other words, it's as normal as can be, and a source of great consternation in new parents (I mean, who explains this to new parents? Hardly anyone.) 

Substance Abuse Reporting and Pregnancy The Role of the Obstetrician Gynecologist