You can introduce a group and describe them as having a specific set of characteristics, or describe a single person and specify that a particular feature that they have is prevalent among the group to which they belong: "She had the dark curly hair that was the trademark of her race, however she was much taller than rest of her kin, as they were generally of a much shorter stature." 

I don't think it's altogether a bad idea, it depends on how you implement it. 

I would say three books would be acceptable, with the last book the culmination of the character development from the first two books (the character likely learning in the present day from his experiences in his past). 

This means that, as in your story where every person looks quite different and unique, no one would generally comment on it, as for them it is not out of place. However, they may comment on something that is out of place for them, and explain why it's out of place. 

Obviously I'm reading a lot into these short sentences, but without context you can read each one differently. If you expanded on them more, neither one would be wrong, but in order to make the reader understand what you're trying to say, subtle differences in the language can say a lot. 

The second would focus on the character having a weak reaction to the body. With some expanding, this could cause the reader to have a strong reaction, for example if the reader discovers at this point that the character they are reading about is remorseless about death, and leads to the conclusion that John is a psychopath. 

That's one of the things that I love about writing. Lots of things can be said with very little. 

There are a number of solutions that I have for this, as I suffered from the same problem: 

Using strong words all the time would be as bad as using weaker words all the time, as it wouldn't distinguish when something is less severe. 

Characters don't have to be a "do as I say, not as I do" type of person, sometimes it's just impossible for people to maintain their views all of the time. They may be challenged in such a way as they will change their beliefs in order to fit with new revelations, going entirely against something that they staunchly maintained previously. 

Descriptions using weaker words can cause stronger reactions in the reader. It is all about the reader understanding how the character sees things. So stronger descriptions do not necessarily always mean better descriptions, accurate descriptions are the better descriptions. 

There's already good answers here, so I'll add in what I think are some of my techniques for constructing rounded characters. 

In addition, contrasting strong/weak words shows what the reader should focus on more. 

There are probably other ways to do this type of story, but hopefully this will give you at least one idea. 

John watched the body laying on the ground, not feeling anything. 

If introducing two people at once, it is best if they are completely different or very similar. This way it is easiest to describe how they are different from each other, again allowing the reader to remember them with minimal extra description needed. 

In your example, having someone who is wise and experienced may also make them stubborn and close minded, unwilling to listen to the opinion of others because he believes that he is correct due to his greater levels of experience. 

Making Strengths Into Weaknesses 

That's a pretty radical example, but it can make a character more interesting to realize that they were only being kind in order to use the hero as a means to an end, and switching as soon as a better option presented itself. 

Ever heard the phrase 'honest-to-a-fault'? Even the most noble and virtuous of attributes can become weaknesses if they are improperly moderated. 

If you're writing from the perspective of a character, remember that they would only notice things that they would be likely to notice. So they would not think about or be amazed at things that they are used to, but the reader is not.