For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God; Then he quoted Ephesians 2:8 for his clinching argument: “For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God.” [Eph. 2:8] 

His attitude toward us can and does change. This is not only consistent with the idea that His nature never changes, it is necessary if His nature of righteousness never changes. If God is righteous, He must punish sin. Therefore, if we are in sin, He must punish us. If He is forgiving, then His attitude toward us must be able to change from wrath to forgiveness. So the general salvation is through faith in Christ alone, but that's just the beginning. There are, in Salvation, more than one level of Glory, which is, as stated above "conditioned not only upon grace, but also upon obedience to gospel law.". To come to the conclusion that he is speaking of only before he was saved, you'd have to ignore verb tense and other basic rules of interpretation. 

Burton goes on to define those works: However, this is not seen within LDS teaching as a works-based salvation, even at this level. There is somehow, in LDS theology a difference between obedience, and earning your way in. More from the article quoted above expands upon this. 

However, to most reformed theologians, this is not the case. A deeper study of the original Greek, as well as application of sound principles of interpretation clears this up. And also, the lack of good works/righteousness as a sign of not really being Faithful is stressed in Matthew 15:8, which is heard in almost every Sunday School class I attended when I was attending the LDS Church. 2 The rule of USAGE: It must be remembered that the Old Testament was written originally by, to and for Jews. The words and idioms must have been intelligible to them - just as the words of Christ when talking to them must have been. The majority of the New Testament likewise was written in a milieu of Greco-Roman (and to a lesser extent Jewish) culture and it is important to not impose our modern usage into our interpretation. It is not worth much to interpret a great many phrases and histories if one's interpretations are shaded by pre-conceived notions and cultural biases, thereby rendering an inaccurate and ineffectual lesson. In summary, the following are the main points: Several passages in Scripture indicate that we will receive rewards for faithful service. - 1 Thessalonians 2:19-20 - Revelation 22:12 - Romans 14:10-11 - 1 Corinthians 3:11-15 - 2 Corinthians. 5:9-10 - 1 John 2:28 - Revelation 3:11-12 

“And I say unto you again that he cannot save them in their sins; for I cannot deny his word, and he hath said that no unclean thing can inherit the kingdom of heaven; therefore, how can ye be saved, except ye inherit the kingdom of heaven? Therefore, ye cannot be saved in your sins.” (Alma 11:37.) 

8 The rule of INFERENCE: An inference is a fact reasonably implied from another fact. It is a logical consequence. It derives a conclusion from a given fact or premise. It is the deduction of one proposition from another proposition. Such inferential facts or propositions are sufficiently binding when their truth is established by competent and satisfactory evidence. Competent evidence means such evidence as the nature of the thing to be proved admits. Satisfactory evidence means that amount of proof which would ordinarily satisfy an unprejudiced mind beyond a reasonable doubt. Jesus used this rule when he proved the resurrection of the dead to the unbelieving Sadducees in Matt. 22:23-33. First, the principles of Biblical interpretation include the fact that Scripture cannot contradict itself. Paul is on record all throughout the New Testament as stating that salvation is by faith through grace, apart from any works or worthiness of man. It would make no sense for him to be saying so here, so we need to dig deeper. The Bema Seat Judgment, on the other hand, is believed to be the judgment of rewards to those who are saved, who have in essence, "made it through" the White Throne judgment. It's based on several scriptures scattered throughout the Bible. 

This does seem to accurately sum up three major views on salvation, each of which are based on Scripture, but with a different understanding of the nature of works vs. faith, predestination, and God's Sovereignty vs. free will. He then goes on to show how the Law is perfect, and cannot save us, but rather was given to us that we might know what sin is - so that we can realize that we are sinful. But later on in the article, Burton again teaches that works are a result of faith. But the fact remains that in LDS theology, works are required. Perhaps not as a way of "buying" our way in, but as a sign, in that, if we don't have works, it's a sure sign that we don't have faith. Often, the following is quoted as support for this belief.