A few years ago I heard that some non-Muslim "Pop-Star" wanted the sperms from her husband to be kept for later in-vitro fertilization as she and her husband failed to conceive and he also had cancer. 

No (read for example 6:142-147), where Allah allowed eating all livestock, but showed why some of that was partly prohibitted for jews! 

Which says we are allowed to eat the food of people of the book. note that surat al-Maidah is one of the last revealed surahs and this verse is quoted among the last verses revealed. 

But on the other hand many other scholars have statements quoting that leaving the hands aside is their preference among them imam a-Shafi'i, there's even a statement of al-Laith ibn Sa'ad rejecting that putting the right hand on the left hand is sunnah! It is also known that the sahabi Abdullah ibn az-Zubair never performed putting the right hand on the left and used to take away or decollate the hands of a praying people if he saw them doing so (according to al-Khateeb al-Baghdadi in his tarikh)! 

I'd like to add an other one which is quoted in this fatwa in Arabic: This Prohibition for cow meat is not general, but rather special, as for example the hijaz is a very dry area and therefore the meat of cows there is also rather dry which made this meat causing sickness or harm to the people of hijaz. There's also a version of this hadith compiled by ibn Hebban. I would like to know if it is possible for an Imam in congregation to interrupt the prayer for some reasons. For example some of the praying believers have been attacked or a he's hearing murmur or something behind him or some part of then mosque (pillar/wall...) is collapsing. Ibn abi Shaybah in his book has two chapters one quoting ahadith and narrations of qabd and others of irsaal! In which you may find that such people as Abullah ibn az-Zubair, ibn al-Mussyaib, ibn Sireen, al-Hassan al-Basri, Sa'id ibn Jubayr whom followd the later. Many of the qabd narrations seem to confirm that some scholars disliked forms of qabd because that looked like the way people of the book used to do, among them Mujahid (see here in Arabic) References: A fatwa on the najasa of alcohol (Arabic). A fatwa on the ruling of foodstuffs and beauty and personal-care products which have alcohol inside (Arabic and Urdu available) So one could only marry one of those if the wife died or one has divorced her.