She had created a monster, because Harald took an oath not to cut his hair until he won her. He went to war and conquered several other Norwegian kingdoms, making him the strongest king in Norway. Finally, the remaining Norwegian kings, including Gyda's own father, Erik, banded together against him for self-protection. Harald won the resulting battle of Hafrsfjord in which Erik was killed. He then sent for Gyda, who conceded that he had met the conditions, and married him. America was on its way to becoming the world's foremost commercial force, and as such, preferred a unified, "open" China with a (theoretically) level playing field that would benefit her more than other countries. One example was the Austro-Sardinian War, otherwise known as the Second War of Italian Independence. There were two reasons why. First, the Philippines were a key "stop" on the way "south" (to the East Indies (modern Indonesia), and ultimately, Australia. As late as 1905, Russia had a terrible time sending its Baltic fleet to the Far East (for the battle of Tsushima Straits). This was in an era of coal and steam powered ships, and when the Suez Canal was in use. It would have been very difficult to send sail-driven ships around the Cape of Good Hope (or Cape Horn, through Spanish held waters) and from there to Alaska, which is why Russia didn't try. Source: James MacGregor Burns, "Roosevelt: The Soldier of Freedom" But all this illustrated a rule that every boy learns on the playground: "You don't want to be the odd man out in a three way fight." At times, each of the three main parties was the "odd man out," and each strove hard not to be. The description from Machiavelli as "the least comprehensible war I’ve ever studied," refers to domestic and political issues in which he specialized. But it may best be understood in the context of a schoolyard brawl. These victories soon led to the promotion of Grant to the de facto commander Army of the Potomac, who allowed the Confederates few openings to counter invade the north. The previous invasions had followed Union defeats at the Second Battle of Bull Run (ending at Antietam), and the battle of Chancellorsville, prior to Gettysburg. This battle was regarded as "sealing the peace." Even the "Iron Duke" of Wellington didn't want to fight the Americans after this. The Boer War was something of a flashpoint for World War I. For instance, Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany sent congratulations in the so-called Kruger Telegram, to Boer President Paul Kruger after an early Boer victory, inflaming British public opinion. But the South had few punches left after Gettysburg. They had reached their "high water mark" there, losing over 20,000 men, including several generals killed or wounded to no purpose. This, after the loss of 13,000, including that of General "Stonewall Jackson, at the previous battle of Chancellorsville. Florence Nightingale is considered the pioneer of "nursing," or at least military nursing. She was from a wealthy reforming family that pushed for rudimentary health care and sanitation measures in the British army. Up to that time, more soldiers died of disease than of battlefield casualties. Following the reforms that she wrought, the disease rate for both the military, and civilians, went down sharply. Put another way, America preferred to have equal access to all of China, rather than special access to part of it. (But "some access is more equal than others.") It also contributed to problems on the Russian front. Around Smolensk, and in certain parts of the Ukraine, a portion of the Soviet armies escaped encirclements because the infantry could not move up quickly enough to fill gaps left behind by fast moving armored divisions. When they were on the retreat, the Germans were at a clear disadvantage. During Operation Bagration in 1944, for instance, the Germans inflicted physical casualties (killed and wounded) on the Russians at the rate of 2 to 1, but the Russians captured enough Germans to reduce to total casualty rate to 3 to 2, because the Russians had trucks (from Lend Lease),the Germans didn't, and stranded a large number of prisoners. What these battles had in common was a temporary Confederate advantage in the early part of the battle, and a decision in favor of the Union when they received reinforcements on the second day. American didn't want to "rent" parts of China because she didn't want other countries to "rent" (and thereby divide) China into 5-10 "special" regions. Essentially, it came down to a race between the Carthaginian infantry versus the Roman cavalry. The elephants were never really a factor. It could have gone the other way, but didn't. "Most" German soldiers marched on foot, with their supplies being drawn by horses. That caused problems around Moscow during the first winter, and contributed to the shortage food (lack of accumulated surpluses before the encirclement) at Stalingrad. The second type was less common, but used from time to time. By definition, criminals are aggressive people suited to fighting, and who need a chance to redeem themselves. At the battle of Gettysburg, the Confederate infantry got much the better of it the first day against one third of the Union army, but the remaining two thirds arrived the second day and held off the Confederate attacks. On the third day, the Confederates received the belated arrival of their cavalry, which helped bolster their spirits enough to launch "Pickett's charge," and the rest is history.