You have 5 minutes from the start of the auction to cancel it. Once you are past that 5 minute mark, there is no way to end the auction early, short of someone purchasing the item via buyout. 

I'm currently having some problems with Belial on Nightmare, and I've decided I need to farm a bit to gain another level before tackling him again (and either get some new upgrades to drop, or farm enough gold while leveling to buy something good off the AH). It will be a lot different from Hell mode in Diablo 2, such as a monster creating a wall to stop the player from fleeing from the monster or blocking off ranged attacks with the use of the wall. The AI will move significantly different also you will be able to solo it even though the difficulty will be a bit easier with co-op it is not a must. No. The level of the monsters are fixed based on the difficulty level (normal, nightmare, hell and inferno) and your progress through the various Acts. Strength test (Strength increases armor) 545 Strength 1729 Armor (51.17% DR) 11 Physical Resistance (6.03% PR) It appears that magic find has been removed entirely from the affix tables for rare items, and now only exists on legacy (pre-2.0.1) items, and select legendaries. (Source: diablofans). If you want to change the buyout price, you will need to cancel the auction (assuming no current bids), and re-list it with the new starting/buyout prices). 

Edit: I just encountered a Treasure Goblin much later in Act 3, and he dropped 4 regular magic items (no rares), even though I beat him down much faster than the Treasure Pygmy. This seems to corroborate the idea that the Treasure Pygmy may simply be a rarer, better version of the Treasure Goblin. You cannot change the minimum bid or buyout price once the auction is started. 

One other undocumented effect is that you no longer take any damage while the spell is active, so you can safely walk through area effect spells (such as the effects of bosses such as Belial and Azmodan). Damage to your body after you leave it with this spell does not effect your overall health; it merely has the potential to end the effect early. If you are surrounded, are taking damage, and use Spirit Walk at 1% health, then the monsters continue to attack your body but do not hurt you. If the continued attacks would do damage equal to 50% of your health after you cast the spell, then the spell ends, but you are no worse for wear than the moment you activated the spell.