Thus we have direct evidence from the Qur'an that it is incumbent upon all believers to obey the Messenger of Allah (Sallallahu alayhi wa Salaam). 

http://www.nbcnews.com/id/7681252/ns/health-cloning_and_stem_cells/t/scientists-create-animals-are-part-human/ 

Marriage is the Sunnah not just of the last Messenger for mankind (Sallallahu alayhi wa Sallam); rather, it's the Sunnah of all Messengers of Allah (Alayhim as Salaam). 

Hypnosis seems to be a good tool for curing psychological problems wherein the hypnotist can have the patient regress into his past (not "past life") to find the root cause of his psychological disturbance. 

All in all, hypnosis is a psychological means among so many means available to us. So I don't think it's haraam. Of course, this is just my understanding of the matter and I am not a scholar. 

My question is: what is Islam's position on the consumption of the meat of such farm animals, like GMO cattle and sheep? 

Of course, there is no such thing as a "past life"; it's only the jinns and demons who play around with the human mind. So going into some supposed past life or trying to predict the future are both haraam, since the future is part of the ghayb and is known only to Allah. 

However much an animal is domesticated and fed clean processed food it is still able and inclined to scavenge, so there can be no guarantee that it will be halal. 

The answer is that Pigs are, by nature, scavengers. This means they eat what they can find, be it fresh or old. Because they have evolved to eat this sort of food they can handle the toxins and bacteria that come along with that diet. 

Such a clear distinction. I would conclude, may Allah forgive me if I am mistaken, that had the man from the second hadith had waited he would have been martyred. 

I would conclude that suicide bombing is not permissible, and is in fact highly punishable 

To support this, there are many examples from Hadith, where suicide is explained quite explicitly: 

Also, an explicit example form a battle. 

Why mention Pigs specifically? Well for one, they are large domesticate-able animals that provide a lot of meat. Other scavengers such as rats and pigeons don't fall into this category. As well as this, if they are left undomesticated the pig will revert to it's natural function as a scavenger. The fact it's haram should not rely on man domesticating it and feeding it vegetation and clean food alone. 

5:85 Strongest among men in enmity to the Believers wilt thou find the Jews and Pagans; and nearest among them in love to the Believers wilt thou find those who say, "We are Christians": Because amongst these are men devoted to learning and men who have renounced the world, and they are not arrogant. 

In islam we follow the rule that everything is halal (permissable) unless it has been stated otherwise. 

Narrated by Ishaq bin 'Abdullah bin Al Talha 

This verse from the quran is a message from allah that is saying not to forbid yourself from doing things that were not said to be prohibited. Allah has explained to us what is prohibited, we should not commit what is prohibited, nor should we stray away from what isnt. 

The prophet not only allowed charity to be given to family members, but said that double the reward is issued once for helping a family member and one for zakat: 

The Prophet (p.b.u.h) said, "The best charity is that which is practiced by a wealthy person. And start giving first to your dependents." 

the verses above explain that the strongest relashonships muslims will have to other religions would be jews and christians because within their religions they have people who are devoted to learning and are not arrogent, both being highley apprectiated characteristics in islam. The verses also demonstrate that not only is giving to charity allowed, but it is honored in the quran those who give to charity are being called righteous by Allah.