It is important to be careful about how loud the music is. While sounds are muffled (not unlike what you hear of sounds from the pool deck when you swim), amniotic fluid does conduct sound nicely. Baby can hear you when you are just speaking. I've read one article that says no louder than 70 decibels and another that says no louder than 50. The article I linked agrees with the 50 decibel limit. 

Solicit the views of your child's preschool teacher about his or her readiness for kindergarten. Ask, for example, whether your child made some friends in her preschool group. Was he or she usually able to follow directions? Does your child appear to the preschool teacher to be ready to begin academic work? 

Many sleep training books actually suggest using white noise for babies and toddlers (which I realize, your daughter is not, but I know of adults that also use such devices) that are learning to self-soothe to help prevent waking, but white noise is quite different from the talking, sound effects and musical combinations one might hear while the TV is on. Perhaps adding a fan for its noise, a musical device that can play recordings of waves, or rain or whatever into her room, or a white noise device could help a little as a way of transitioning from needing to hear the TV to just to needing a little background noise that is soothing to her. The way I dealt with it was to say, in the moment, "You have a right to think that and I understand you are frustrated. It is my job to teach you . . . " fill in the end with whatever is most appropriate for the situation . . . "to pick up your messes - so, you still need to pick up the blocks before we can get out the sand table" It also helps to know what his regular favorite activities are (perhaps he usually climbs or plays in the sandbox): 

I recently read in one article, but also remember discussion about Rap and Rock within the context of the conversation. Many believe these genre's of music aren't generally recommended because some believe that exposure to chaotic and discordant music can have a negative effect. I would argue there are examples of classical music that are a bit "chaotic and discordant" while some rock songs are not at all "chaotic or discordant." Even Beethoven's second symphony has quite a few discordant notes representing the hiccups and burps he frequently struggled with due to gastrointestinal difficulty. Stravinsky is well known for using discordant combinations in his music. When I was pregnant with my little one, "When September Ends" by Greenday was on the radio a lot, so she heard it a lot while I drove to and from work. I swear she started dancing every time she heard it and she still loves the song. You might try some other activities to keep them busy. For example, if you are working in the kitchen, give them a sensory activity to do instead. When she turned three we actually shut our cable off so TV viewing is a pretty rare thing. We do watch videos though.