There seem to be few examples of 15th-century German manuscripts available online. There are some nice examples of 15th-century German manuscripts in the collection of the Bodleian library, although none of the online examples appear to show dates. 

The Hundred Years' War actually lasted 116 years (from 1337-1453). Wikipedia lists 56 "major" battles in that time (the list includes sieges and naval engagements!). Ah, Wikipedia! 

Drugs are certainly not a new phenomenon. Two well-known examples are opiates and cannabis. A great deal has been written about the use of hashish by medieval Nizari Ismailis (which gave us the word "assassin", derived from the Arabic "Hashshashin"). 

Opiates were certainly very prevalent in the Eastern Mediterranean in antiquity. The earliest written source that I know of is Hesiod's Theogony, where Prometheus is supposed to have tried to use poppy juice to drug Zeus at the city of Mekonê ("poppy town") near Corinth. 

Even further down the hierarchy, a swineherd would earn 0.3d per working day, or about 93d per annum. 

TL; DR Few modern historians would consider Richard I to be a "good king". However, John was much worse. 

To safeguard the progress of the crusade (or, at least, to ensure that he could not be blamed for its failure), Philip agreed to accept a 10,000 mark payment from Richard in lieu of Alice's dowry. This dowry had included the lands of Vexin, and the strategic fortress at Gisors. I believe that this is probably the agreement between Philip and Richard that you referred to in the question. 

Before that, the responsibility for settling legal disputes lay with the sheriff, or shire reeve, who was the king's representative in a city, town or shire. The reeve was responsible for collecting taxes and enforcing the law locally. 

This, in turn, is a reference to another footnote, this time in the transcription of William of Malmesbury's chronicle by Thomas Duffus Hardy (in Latin). 

The Third Crusade ========================== 

If you are particularly interested in medieval pottery, and want to learn more, the Medieval Pottery Research Group website has some useful links and a bibliography that should get you started. 

As far as I can see, the quote does not seem to appear in any of the surviving manuscripts or transcripts of William of Malmesbury's 'Chronicle of the Kings of England'. If we look at the footnote in question in full, it says: 

On his arrival in England in March 1194, Richard set about raising funds for the coming war with Philip. By May he was in Normandy. 

Thus, the unskilled labourer earned about 7 times as much as the swineherd. 

Putting exact dates to that period can be difficult, but you will commonly find Honorius's rescript to the Civitates of Britannia, dated to AD 410, as a terminus for the Romano-British period. 

The Royal Society is, perhaps, the oldest learned society still in existence. It was founded in November 1660. Its founding members claimed to have been influenced by the "new science" - that was promoted by Francis Bacon in his New Atlantis. 

As for taxation, the taxes imposed by Richard may have been bad, but those imposed by John were of a different order altogether. Initially, he needed money to pay for his attempts to reconquer Normandy. Taxes were demanded on an almost annual basis. Nobles were charged huge sums to inherit their lands; exorbitant fines were imposed by Royal justices for trifling offences; Church lands were seized; and Jews were imprisoned and tortured until they agreed to pay up. 

Interestingly, in most cases, children would remain in the custody of the father. We have examples of this in the case of the daughters of King Louis VII of France and his wife Duchess Eleanor of Aquitaine. Louis and Eleanor were eventually granted an annulment of the ground of consanguinity, and their daughters Alix of France and Marie of France were given into the custody of their father. In this particular case, the girls were declared illegitimate in the courts, but not because of the annulment. 

I'd like to illustrate the situation before the introduction of scholarly journals with a couple of examples. 

It's probably true to say that John’s reign saw the greatest financial exploitation of England since the Norman Conquest. And yet he still failed to retake Normandy. 

As I said in the comments above, this isn't one of my specialist areas, but a few points may help provide an answer. 

By May 1194, Richard was on campaign in Normandy. He defeated John, and then proceeded to forgive him. The conflict would drag on for another five years, until Richard's death in 1199. 

The crusade was considered to be his Christian duty. Then as now, taxes were never popular, but these were seen to have been in a good cause. For the people of 12th century England, the Third Crusade was "the right thing to do" - it was "what God wanted" (or so they were told by parish priests from the pulpit!). Jerusalem, the holy city, had been captured by the Saracens! It was clearly a Christian monarch’s duty to recover it, and the English seem to have been extremely proud that their king was leading the Crusade.