That these core values of science affect how results are conveyed and interpreted is a more subtle point, and can be described in a way that makes this interaction less interesting than the theory-ladenness of science. In considering theory ladenness it is relatively easy to come up with counterfactuals: e.g. without special relativity, measuring masses in GeV/c^2 doesn't make sense. Trying to construct the same kind of counterfactuals where the essential values of science are violated leads to situations where you are not dealing with science. Public policy research institutes, which adhere to a different set of values, produce research papers that include specific objective facts, but are not doing science. As I currently understand it, some segments of the biomedical research community have stopped doing (or failed to do) science, since the cherry picking of positive outcomes amounts to incomplete reporting of their results. The point is these core values are, for some contexts, less interesting because they are just part of the background that comes into play when discussing science at all. 

The issue is not the existence of an agenda per se, historians of science can point to any number of respected scientists who had an ideological or political agenda and argue that that affected their valid scientific work. However, there are gradations here too. Especially in the more speculative areas, without some commitment that their pet theory is likely to be true, most scientists wouldn't be motivated to continue their work. Note the "likely to be true", this differentiates it from the damaging absolutist ideological commitments that Creationists et al. make. It's not so much about what the motivation is -- drug companies do interesting science in order to make more money -- it's about the degree to which those motivations interfere with the science -- so there is a publication bias towards positive effects-- that is a problem. Thomas Nagel's paper Death provides arguments that assessments of the badness of death as a form of deprivation need to take into account the past history of the individual in question (he's primarily concerned with people who have become fully intelligent). He argues that (part of?)the badness of death comes from the elimination of possibilities that the person would have had available but no longer does, and these possibilities depend on the entire history of that individual. In my view, this is just another argument that some threshold/weighting needs to be considered but doesn't provide much concrete guidance on where/how to make the distinctions. 

Since you've tried to formalize the problem and discuss it in terms logical proof, your question calls to mind the ideas of Logical Empiricism. 

I'll leave off with what I think are a few additional salient points: 

I'm going to cast my answer in terms of the badness of death, rather than the value of life. I believe that this does not affect the logic, one being the mirror of the other. Sections 16 through 21 of the Yale online course on Death are probably relevant in this sense.