Is zero a different object in the two models? If you believe that mathematical objects obtain their 'identity' through their relationships with others, you might say so. But in the axiomatic theory, there is only the one name for the object in the different possible models; as if we could identify Charlemagne-equivalents in two different alternative histories involving different conditions for the collapse of Alexandrian Greece. You might say that perhaps that the axiomatic system has only one object, whose properties are underdetermined. But of course, without being able to prove whether or not the system is consistent (or whether or not the model being described is the group of order one), we cannot say whether or not 0 = 1 holds in the axiomatic system; that's a pretty important relationship to be able to ascertain, and yet the best we can do is to suppose that it does not hold (and hope that we're right). So in fact any consistent system is underdetermined in this way. One can then make a good argument that there is one object, some of whose properties are contingent on further axioms. 

What all of these ordinals are doing is capturing notions of ordering. Each new ordinal that we define extends the ones which came before. 

More complicated formulas allow you to produce a one-to-one matching of any of these first several infinite ordinals with ω; but at the same time they give a notion of size in which it feels as though they should be different from one another. That is, the ordinals provide a notion of additional structure. They describe many different ways in which the same number of elements can be put into different kinds of order, described by the structure of the limits within that ordering — the ways in which infinite stretches of increments cumulate to an element which caps off those increments. Technologism is unconcerned with such matters of personal utility, and in Western society tends to be connected with other unconscious motivators for behaviour: The thesis of a Prime Mover assumes that there is something with no cause: for instance, the Prime Mover itself. Assuming the presence of a Prime Mover not only fails to eliminate the existence of causeless events, but also supposes an additional (uncaused) object whose only logical purpose is otherwise to give causes (by an unspecified mechanism) to events that might not otherwise have any. If everything were to stop moving, time would have no significance that we know of. Time is only significant to us inasmuch as it is a framework for describing change. Indeed, philosophers of science such as Barbour have proposed that time is indeed an "illusion" which is suggested by change, or more precisely by a collection of distinct configurations of matter which we somehow perceive as (i) related to one another, as in being distinct states of a single system, and (ii) being ordered in time: Most people initially balk at the idea that there are as many points in the plane, as there are points on a line. (The one-to-one correspondance between the rational numbers and the integers, or between ω2 and ω as described above, is of the same type.) This is because of an intuitive notion of dimension; the plane simply has more dimensions than the line, so that not only does the line fit into the plane, it does so infinitely many times. This geometric sort of information, however, is also something that a one-to-one matching does not have to respect. 

What we mean by the size depends on what we want from structure Infinities in mathematics are a notorious source of counter-intuitive results. The reason why is because our intuitions are built upon structure; and cardinality — the most primitive notion of the "size" of a collection — ignores many forms of structure which we consider important. 

However, more to the point is this: there is no apparent inconsistency introduced merely by supposing that some events are uncaused. It is outside of our experience, but this is not the same as being logically impossible. Indeed, it's trivial to come up with all sorts of logically consistent stories in which something happened without a cause; the traditional formulation of the Big Bang theory is one such theory. (You could ask how the universe came from nowhere: but the answer would be in that case that "it just happened", without there being any particular reason — that's what it means to be "uncaused".) 

However, an important caveat is that even if you increase population to compensate, there then develops one source of complexity which seems like it may be inescapable: the complexity of dealing with so many other people. This is the reason why we have governments, and furthermore why those systems of government have themselves become complicated over time with checks and balances, to deal with the problems of keeping an adequate quality of approximate order in large groups of people. 

The number "1" is an object which we use by convention both to describe the idea of something being first and something being unique; but because we use it in different ways when we do so — we apply it in different ways (in particular, we are able to apply it in different ways) — the two ideas may be kept functionally different, just as we may distinguish between the notions of "hot" and "stop" despite the fact that they may both be represented symbolically with the colour red. Indeed, compared to the social interactions of our closest biological relatives, the great apes such as chimpanzees and gorillas, it's all elaborately byzantine. It is a popular hypothesis that the reason why human intelligence evolved to the levels which it has was as a result of a runaway evolutionary "arms race" within hominids, to cope with the problem of interacting socially and flourishing in the presence of communities of increasingly intelligent peers. Indeed, language was an enormous simplifying technology towards solving this problem, which also goes some way (as a hypothesis) towards explaining why we are capable of such elaborate and precise communication. In this case, if this hypothesis is correct, the increase in complexity caused by growing populations was solved imperfectly by increasing intelligence, which served to increase the complexity of the problem itself by raising the standard of intelligence required to succeed; a similar phenomenon to the problem of needing a mobile phone to interact with others who take mobile phones for granted.