A break in "tune up" is normal and expected on a new wheel, after about 1 months riding, but it can come much faster for a heavy rider. If the wheel is ridden loose, the fatigue damage to the spokes can be permanent, and require rebuilding the wheels again. 

There is no one good answer to this question, because there are many personal factors which play in. 

Bicycle size is determined first by frame size, which is top tube length, seat tube length, and some more minor geometries like head tube and seat tube angle. The primary determining factor for comfort on the bike is your reach measurement. 

In general, a short (sub 1 hour) ride every 3 days works well for most people. 

Based on the measurements that you were given, I would expect that you are approximately 5 foot tall to 5 foot 2 inches. I think that the shop is likely offering to adapt a bike in their stock to your size, rather than getting you the correct size. If I am correct about your approximate height, you should be looking for a 47 or 48cm frame which will have between a 65 and 80mm stem on it. If I am not correct, post your height and riding style, and we can give you more general advice on the correct size. Best though is to find a shop which specializes in bike fitting, and get a second opinion. I am good at bike fit, but is difficult to accomplish well without having you in my studio. 

This is not quite the fault of the shop, but it sounds as if they did not take the care and time to explain the necessities of the new wheels, and certainly, blaming "burrs in the spoke holes" is not a valid excuse, as any competent mechanic must check the hub condition before using it in a new build. Spoke holes, if there were burrs (unlikely, on a wheel you rode for a year without problems) can be deburred easily. 

Consider getting rid of your stock seat, and getting something more fitted and more stable for your body to adapt to it. 

Although it is affected by various factors, like skeletal flexibility and the type of riding you do, ideal reach is generally considered to be the distance from your seating position, (where you actually rest on the saddle), to your hand position, (where your hands fall when placed in a neutral position on the bar), while your back and arms are relaxed and at roughly equal positions approximately 45 degrees each. Balance is what you are looking for here. 

There are a few possibilities here: 

However, this is a recognized problem, and one your shop should have discussed with you prior to rebuilding the wheels. In addition, they should have prepared you to check and tune the wheels with greater frequency. 

If you will use the wheels for events, it may be worth the slightly reduced weight and generally minisculely higher performance of the lower spoke count wheel. 

My recommendation: discuss these things with the owner or manager of the shop (not the mechanic who did the work, unless that is the manager), and ask him to rebuild the wheels again, properly, with new spokes and rims. If he agrees, and does it, then well and good. If not, cut your losses, and move on to a shop with a higher level of competence. 

1) Cleaning the cassette took away the gunk keeping a slightly worn cassette from showing. If you use the middle gears most, they may be more worn than the rest. Unlikely, but not impossible.