I personally think Alec would have been better off taking the 10K back and out of play to reduce his risk and call. Even if he is ahead 

Don't be relaxed when you look at you cards. No bigger tell than someone that sits up straight when they look at their cards. Count your stack down before you look at you cards. 

100 bb and everyone has about 18,000 Tournament By the time you get down to heads up the blinds are big enough that it just gets down to luck. I actually like the pre flop open. Play TT+ and AKs like that so they don't put you on on AA or KK when you do that. On JJ I know I am likely behind but it can actually be loser. That pre flop re-raise was not just bad money it ranged you. You should have only done that with like KK or AA but still no way villain puts you on 99 or TT. If had just called that is a very scary board to the villain because now 99, TT, and JJ are in your range. It is a great flop for you - you have 6 outs and fold equity. Bet 1/2 the pot on the flop and it still cost you less than the pre flop re-raise that did zero for you. On the turn you pick up 4 more outs for a total of 10 and you pick up more fold equity. I fire 1/2 the pot again. No way a sane AA or KK pushes as you have shown too much strength on an even a more scary board. Say river is a blank it would take balls to fire again. But you can fire 1/4 the pot on any scare card - 6,7,8,9,T,J,Q,K like you want a call. At best you will get called and you still have like 12.8 behind. If you hit any of your 10 outs then push (you have like 17.2 behind in a pot of 17.6). It can look like bluff and you might get looked up. As scary as it is I think you have a positive EV on that flop if you just call pre flop. For sure I think you have a positive EV when you improve on the turn. You had $4850 in the pot pre flop and had to play out of position It may have been worth pushing rather than play out of position If they are free then winning does not mean much but how do you win more chips even if the chips have no cash value? Here is the problem with that play. A king would have checked hoping to get money in the pot. You basically told the villain you don't have a king. 

Again I will not accept my own answer 

In an answer I got a comment who would not play 99 in early position My reaction is I would not They are not exactly fish but it is free and they want to play Post flop play is more realistic than pre flop If you sit down in late position then it might be worth paying a BB to play immediately. If you are in early position it is not worth paying a BB to play immediately as you are not only playing out of position but you only have to wait a round or two to come in on the BB. 

Yes I think the floor made the correct call. 

UTG+2 getting 3:1 he only has to be ahead 1:4 to call UTG+1 is good enough to bluff - AQ, AJ, KQ, QJ with a club UTG+1 could be on a bigger set or a flush I think I could call here Turns out he put UTG+1 on a set of aces which I guess would play this way 

I am just going to address your 4th question" 

Let me try to illustrate this with your hand, I do not know what kind of player you are, however do you think one can gain more information about a hand from a player expressionless at the table or from a player running their mouth about what they have? From my experience it is the player talking that is giving me the most information. The only player that would want to make a rule banning this sort of behavior is a player that has trouble reading BS as BS. I just think rules that protect players from their own weaknesses in the game of poker, are silly and innately unfair. Generally when a pot is killed tight games get tighter, and loose games get looser, I really do not know what people are thinking in kill pots. Does position become more important? Should you play more hands, less hands? 

There are rules at some places, brick and mortar, and online, that ban table talk about a hand between players in the hand. (This is not the one player per hand rule). I think such rules are wimpy. They seem to be suggested and implemented by low skill players that think at least some of the rules should protect a player from their own lack of skill in the game. 

When chips are low you need to start picking more spots with hands that are not so good. Your objective is just to pick up small pots and blinds. 

If your head up you can talk at most casino's. In general you do need to loosen up your starting values, and take advantage of your position and try to get in with a raise that has a good chance to take the pot without a flop. Like the carton says don't wait for something to die, go out and kill something.