I would much rather see another tag they're often involved in there rather than seeing that everyone is involved in the status-completed tag. The same could be said for the stackoverflow tag. Although, once MSE comes along, that tag should for the most part die off. For example: Update: Now that comment flags can be tracked in your flagging history, would it not make sense to also make those flags visible in your history? I don't see the point in providing statistics on your comment flags and then not be able to see what comment flags you've issued and which one have been declined, etc. Anyways, a gold reviewer badge: 20000 reviews, over 4000 actioned It will also give users a somewhat better idea of why all these upvotes/downvotes were reversed. 

Lately I've noticed a massive build-up of unreviewed posts. When the review panel was first implemented, there would only ever be maybe 50 unreviewed posts at a time (in a given tab) for my monthly view. Now I log in and there's a thousand or two thousand pending. I think a lot of people quit reviewing after the first badge, so having a gold badge with a high threshold would really improve activity in the review panel and keep people going to improve the community. For your continued efforts in reviewing posts, even though the system sometimes messes up and doesn't let you actually review things and keeps displaying them over and over and over. So also, for your patience in putting up with the glitches in the review panel too! Haha Viewing the stars tab for Tavern on the Meta, the first item is a link to Jeff's blog about his leaving, but it doesn't get linkified like it does in the normal list. It should display as: 

The pagination links also now correctly point to the same page, so right clicking and opening in a new tab/window won't take you to an unstyled page anymore. 

That blacklist is currently only active on a few sites, like Stack Overflow and Server Fault, because those are the sites that were having problems with it most. If another site starts having problems with its use in the future, they can request it be added for their site. Even though comment flags don't count towards your flag weight, I think it would be nice to add them into your flagging history so we can still see if they were acted upon or not. Could the flagging history be made into a dual-tab page, where by default it shows all of your flagging history, then with three additional tabs to select answers, questions, and comments individually. This has happened to me twice recently. One was serial downvoting here on MSO by a... certain user glares... and the other was serial upvoting on SO. When they get reversed, it lists out a ton of "undownvote" or "unupvote" events in my history, like I don't already have enough entries from all the "downvote" or "upvote" events. When the serial vote checker runs, could it not group all of these events into a single, expandable event? 

With this somewhat nicer looking screen: 

Negatively scored posts on per-site Metas as well as this Meta will no longer be auto-deleted upon profile deletion. Destroying a user will still delete all the posts as normal. …d enthusiast programmers</b>. It's 100% free, no registration required.</p></p> This error is the only one preventing the front page of Stack Overflow from being "valid" HTML5. Personally, I was on a quest to try and clear out all the posts in a single tab before it started showing me the same things over and over (and over) and then it got frustrating because I wasn't even making progress. Quest denied. :( We've also added a simple page which will list all of the posts which were attached to a now-deleted profile - linked from the user deleted stub moderators see when attempting to view that user. 

With the addition of the "link" uhh link to the row of hyperlinks in the revision history, it has pointed my eyes to the lack of space they are given in that row. It's almost the same as the links seen below every post, except those ones have additional padding around them which is also clickable, whereas these links are just links. Can they be formatted similar to the post options to make them easier to click on and not look so pushed together, especially compared to the big Markdown view buttons below? 

Also, linking to the revision history when it's loading an edit from within the 5 minute grace period would be completely useless, as there would be nothing but the original post there! Change it to: Here's an image, since apparently this is not an issue for everyone: 

I just multiplied both numbers by 20. Think those numbers seem challenging? Is anyone up near those numbers or should it be multiplied by 10 instead? I prefer the higher amount because it would be gold and something harder to work for. :) But we also have to consider the longevity of when all these posts are eventually reviewed and it's only new posts being created. Anyways, my stats for those who are interested (I wouldn't get the badge to start because I only have ~2000 actioned): 

Am I expected to actually copy-paste a link? That's a lot of effort, you know. 

Why do we need the link to the revision history at all? Why not just load the new post and if they want to see the revision history, they can click on that convenient link "edited 16 secs ago" to view it... Isn't that what the link is there for? Why so repetitive? So an edit to the question is made and the edit includes a title change. When I click the little grey box that pops up, it loads the edit. When it's on a question and there is a change in title, should it not also load the new title? This is especially annoying when the only edit that was made was the title. Clicking the box loads... nothing new... why did I have to click the box again?