According to Volume 30 of Mind and Body (1923) it was invented by Dr. E. A. Poos in 1890 while at the Woodward High School in Cincinnati. Dr Poos wrote a booklet about the game, but I don't have access to its contents. 

The picture is symbolic, it's not supposed to depict an actual historical battle. Castro is not shown as actively participating in the landing, he's shown as a "larger than life" figure. If he was participating, it wouldn't be against the landing of the soldiers, but the other way around. Notice the colour of the uniforms and the similarity of the hats, Castro's forces are not the defenders of the beach, they are the assailants. 

In April 1920, Kemal established a parliament in Ankara, officially making the city his capital. After the nationalist victory in 1923 and the overthrow of the Sultanate, moving the capital back to Istanbul didn't make much sense. Kemal enjoyed popular support throughout Turkey, but it was in Ankara - his war capital - where his support was the strongest. In contrast, there were still remnants of Ottoman elements in Istanbul, who may have tried to sabotage the new regime if given the chance. 

That said, Castro participated in a number of battles, at least in the early stages of the revolution. For example, his arrest happened during the Moncada attack. 

All that, even though he himself was a victim of mustard gas: 

As for the lack use of chemical weapons by Nazi Germany in general, we shouldn't forget that Germany and Austria were signatories of the Protocol for the Prohibition of the Use in War of Asphyxiating, Poisonous or other Gases, and of Bacteriological Methods of Warfare 2 (17 June, 1925) that prohibited the use of asphyxiating, poisonous or other gases, and of bacteriological methods of warfare. 

Not only does he not consider chemical weapons inhumane, but clearly opines that mustard gas should have been used against Jews, during the first World War. Another quote that shows he considered chemical warfare effective is: 

During the early stages of the Turkish War of Independence, Kemal commanded two army corps: One in Ankara and one in Erzurum. At first Erzurum was Kemal's base of operations, but on 27 December, 1919 he moved his Representative Committee to Ankara to be closer to Istanbul. 

Obviously all combatants continued research and production of chemical weapons after the Geneva Protocol, and fear of retaliation was probably the primary reason their use was very limited, at least in Europe. In contrast, Japan made extensive use of chemicals.