Forgiveness is no longer holding a debt against someone. Forgetfulness is stupid. I'm not sure where he gets his definition of "forgiveness" that is a two-way street, or requires acceptance. Not even one of the definitions offered here requires or even implies that the forgiven party must accept forgiveness as a condition for the forgiveness having been "completed." I am aware of no evidence--either Biblically, or in the English language, that "forgiveness is a two-way street." 

Likewise, we are to forgive everyone who sins against us, and to whatever extent possible, seek out reconciliation with them. However, it is up to them whether they are willing to reconcile. So while our forgiveness of others is always possible, our reconciliation with others is not always possible. 

Was your debt forgiven? Clearly, yes. Was your relationship with the store restored? Clearly not. Hank Hannegraaff briefly answers this question here, and in much more detail other places, by saying: Dr. Adam Bradford wrote a book called 'The Jesus Discovery', in which he argues that Jesus was probably a (former) member of the religious elite who turned against them. This is evidenced by their behavior toward him, and and surprising respect they showed him (at least in public). He also makes the argument that the tradition that Joesph was a carpenter comes from a mistranslated Greek word, and that he was probably more akin to a modern day architect than a wood worker, and therefore would have had the means to send his son on to a high level of education. 

There are at least two references to Jesus's sisters in the gospels of Matthew and Mark, and although his brothers are referenced by name, and we know quite a bit about James, his sisters are not named at all. Is there any surviving information about who they were? Is there any other texts or traditions about them? 

Summary: Evangelical commentators don't take the "making himself equal with God" phrase as a referring only to Jesus's claim that God is his Father, but to his claim that he acts like his Father. 

Christ as Mediator This view is perhaps best summarized by the Geneva Study Bible: Understanding the context here is important. Here's the full passage (John 5:16–18): In this and other examples Justin equates the angel or mysterious man with God himself. With respect to the honeycomb (which some manuscripts do not mention), Jamieson, Fausset, and Brown write that it is simply "common frugal fare" (Commentary). Matthew Henry likewise calls it "mean" (in the sense of "humble") and suggests that a lesson can be drawn from its inclusion: Now to the question. Adam Clarke puts it simply, referring to the previous verse for context: And now, Father, glorify me in your own presence with the glory that I had with you before the world existed. [ESV]