Note that this doesn't apply to all groups that adhere to Sola Fide. Plenty of groups believe that we have no part in our own salvation, even in choosing to believe, but this is one perspective that's relatively common among Evangelicals. 

These verses are simply Jesus teaching on the true definition of what God's standard for "good" is. 

There's an article that describes it here, with Scripture references. The page has a copyright notice, so I won't copy sections of it, rather a short summary follows: 

An example of one such ministry that holds this view would be Living Waters/The Way of the Master, headed by Ray comfort and Kirk Cameron. Example: Am I good enough to go to Heaven? 

It's clear from your question that you are assuming "the prize" to be salvation, and that you believe that this verse speaks of our works earning our salvation, or at least our bad works possibly leading to the loss of our salvation. 

The remainder of Romans is support for this doctrinal statement. Paul starts out by showing how the early heroes of the Jewish faith were not justified by their own goodness, but by Faith on God. 

Their unbelief and rebellion against God meant that their children, their children's children, and so on were not taught about God. It's not His fault, it's theirs. Because they chose to rebel when they knew the truth, and didn't teach their children, they doomed their children to not knowing the truth of God. This is one reason that Proverbs 22:6 is important. (Again, KJV) 

Paul also wrote of this extensively in the Book of Romans. Two small excerpts: 

We've all broken the other Commandments in spirit as well, but even if one of us has squeaked away with not committing all of them, it doesn't matter. The Bible tells us that if we've broken even one, we're guilty. 

I know I should probably reference these, but I'm going to appeal to common knowledge 

A longer version of the same answer would go like this: 

The passage was written after his conversion, and there is no indication whatsoever that Paul was speaking in the past tense. Therefore, following the basic rules of interpretation, (particularly #3, 5, and 8) he is speaking about after he was saved.