Since posting this question, I've begun reading Latin Forms of Address from Plautus to Apuleius by Eleanor Dickey OUP 2002,and the question is considerably more complex than I ever dreamt! For instance:- "... the contexts are polite but not subservient." observes Dickey (p 88) 

It seems even the experts disagree - with themselves! In this article Cartwright states that the games were "probably free", whereas here he states that tickets were sold for the Colosseum. Very confusing! 

I apologise if this is too basic a question, but Wikipedia seems to contradict itself! It says here https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quaestor that a Quaestor was entitled to one lictor and one fasces, but here https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cursus_honorum it says they wore the toga praetexta but had neither lictors nor fasces. And I think Christianity has claimed/been given too much credit for softening/ending slavery. St Paul's famous exhortation of "Slaves, obey your masters..." suggests no ethical dilemma. He did not say - "Masters, free your slaves." My admittedly small Latin dictionary is no help, it translates "desk" as "scrinium" which then translates as "book box"! 

It's perfectly possible to write on a tablet or slate either sitting or standing, but not on parchment or papyrus, needing a flat surface and somewhere for pens, ink etc. And - the Romans wrote a lot - letters, books, laws, poetry, treatises, orders etc. They even had teams of literate slaves writing popular books to dictation. And, not just writing - accounting - one needed a surface of some kind for an abacus or scales. 

Dickey even quotes such usages as domine to brothers, and as a term of affectionate respect, as above to fathers. And not just to equals/superiors. I have always understood they were free, paid for by the rich elite to woo/placate the general populace - hence the phrase "bread and circuses". According to the Wikipedia article you cite, the various levels were based on rank, not price. And IIRC, women were relegated to the topmost tier in case they got too... friendly.. with the gladiators - women were not all poor!