The probability of "any state" is the sum of the probabilities for each state; this always sums to one; Mathematically, for any N number of states; the probability of each state is 1/N, but there are N so the net probability is Nx(1/N)=1. Then you can take the limit as N goes to infinity; but the result is still that the net probability is 1. 

I'll follow up with some references below, but first consider these ideas that I, arguably a philosopher, would use to try to convince someone that qualia exist: 

As far as I can tell, David Chalmers takes it as self evident: e.g. "It is undeniable that some organisms are subjects of experience." (That is, I'm unaware of any explicit argument aimed at convincing someone who is skeptical of the idea of qualia). 

Another empirical fact is that our qualia are influenced by things other than what would seem to be the most obvious physical determinant: our perception of color depends on what is around a given object (numerous optical illusions depend on this), our perception of volume depends on pitch, memory can play a role (the "color-reversals after staring" type of optical illusions), people literally "seeing red" when angry etc. These features indicate that, at the very least, the connection between physical stimuli and the resulting qualia is very complex; perhaps so complex that it is worth identifying qualia as being conceptually distinct entities from the stimuli. In common usage, we can tell the difference between someone who is conscious and one who is not by whether they respond to stimuli, move around etc. Note that there are also what I would term as reduced forms of consciousness, e.g. people undergoing a stroke who are not fully aware of their surroundings or able to form memories etc. The main point is that we infer that their mental state is different from normal (or ours) because the resulting behaviour is so different. Different outcomes due to different causes. Conversely, as we interact with unimpared people, we see behaviours that are at least plausible given our mental states, and use the principle that similar outcomes came from similar underlying mental processes. This level of discussion does not pin down the features of qualia in sufficient detail to be considered a theory of the phenomenon, however, it indicates that qualia need to be addressed, in one way or another, in any complete theory of mind. Note that these lines of reasoning are primarily about how the existence of God does (or does not) relate to empirical observations about the world -- if anything, science involves using/interpreting empirical observations. These considerations address the "know" question in the title. The crux of the apparent contradiction is the statement: 

Only once you introduce some feature into the thought experiment that differentiates the two copies, does it make sense to ask about whether they have different perspectives. But once you've assumed they're different, then they're different and there is no reason to assume that they'll share the same perspective. 

Now, you might complain that I've just pushed the definition off onto the term words. But, in this context, words means the subset of sounds that are organized into phonemes, which are specifically structured. Chomsky would argue that there is specialized mental machinery to process and interpret sounds that are composed of phonemes (which bubbles up to language processing), and different mental machinery for handling other types of sounds. This line of thinking doesn't DISPROVE god(s) in a logical sense, but provide a way for some people to align aspects of the scientific method with atheism. In addition, it is not required that one take a scientific approach on the existence of gods, e.g. some people think that the tri-omni god is logically inconstent, and thus have a logical (not scientific) basis for claiming "no tri-omni gods exist". 

at the day to day level we seem to experience and talk about qualia, the mental phenomena referred to are sufficiently distinct from the raw sensory experience that they are conceptually different things. therefore, for some levels of discussion, qualia exist. 

Basically, my take on this question is to apply the identity of indiscernibles. The OP sets up the thought experiment such that the "two" copies are idiscernable in every aspect; but having done this, then they must be identical. In the context of the linked interview, both Chomsky and his interviewer have an understanding of the term "language" that excludes music from it.