However the number trials was too small in comparison with the enormous scale of rape and violence that actually occurred. 

NKVD did try to fight this, at least on some later stage, and certain number of Soviet soldiers were tried and punished for rape, violence, robbery and murders. A less important reason in the case of UK, but important for other countries like Soviet Union, was the shortage of labor in agriculture, because of the military draft. But I don't think this third reason was important for UK. 

One early (medieval) example is in Historia Anglorum by Henry of Huntington: You can find many more on the internet. 

A ruler who survived a siege would certainly be deprived at least of some of his subjects. 

In general, war is a favorite occupation of humans, whether we like it or not. He wrote in the end of 11th century. Since then such accusations are often almost literally repeated. 

Notice that nowadays when the armies became much smaller again, the body armor (bullet proof vests) is widely used. EDIT. In Wikipedia, there is a "List of wars" by years. You can see from it that there was no year without a war somewhere. 

Unfortunately, all references that I now have are in Russian, including Djilas. But there exist also many German ones, including two German movies, based on published accounts of the victims, that I have seen. This was codified by the International Law Commission at the behest of the United Nations General Assembly in 1950 as the Principles of International Law Recognized in the Charter of the Nüremberg Tribunal and in the Judgment of the Tribunal. However, it is based on the activities and findings of the International Military Tribunal between 1945-6, which is itself concerned with the crimes of the Nazis committed up to and including 1945. Those who belonged to the Kempetai were apparently all wanted by the allies. Apart from them, I'm not sure which of the Japanese soldiers were, or were accused of being, war criminals. It seems France primarily wanted to deprive the Vietnamese of Japanese military training and assistance. At any rate, beginning in 1951 these soldiers began to be repatriated, and as far as I can tell none ran into trouble when they returned home. 

As a side note, at Nagashino the Takeda army numbered only 15,000. They assaulted a dug in Oda-Tokugawa formation of 38,000 strong, and was routed after a vicious 8 hour battle. I feel there's a tendency to look too hard for reasons behind the Takeda defeat, when sometimes god is simply on the side of big battalions. I agree with the answer of Steve Bird, but I want to mention one more aspect of this. Body armor was not suddenly eliminated. It was still widely used in 17th century, and later. 

You can find many more on the internet. In the earlier times, in Antiquity, when writers mentioned atrocities, they usually did not emphasize babies and pregnant women (except in the Bible). It is much more common to read that just all inhabitants, sometimes including animals, were slaughtered. It seems that people cared less about babies and women. 

a) the oceans became dangerous. Because of the German cruisers and submarines. 

UK, like most other developed (and not so developed) countries, does not produce all food that it consumes. Some food is imported in most cases. In the case of UK during WW2 much of the food was imported. As the war started, Notice that nowadays when the armies became much smaller again, the body armor (bullet proof vests) is widely used. A less important reason in the case of UK, but important for other countries like Soviet Union, was the shortage of labor in agriculture, because of the military draft. But I don't think this third reason was important for UK. 

There was a long period of peace in the Roman Empire (from Nerva to Marcus Aurelius, 82 years). As Gibbon said, never before or again such a large population lived in peace and prosperity. But one has to discount the wars on the periphery of the Empire which were almost continuous.