Update comparison of Royal Navy between October 1918 and September 1939: Maguire, Capt. Charles James Kinahan - killed in action at Diamond Hill, near Pretoria, June 11th, 1900 Frederick likewise applied the same tactics 1700 years later, again to great effect. Force marching onto the supply lines of one's opponent was the only means (other than relieving a siege) of forcing battle in that era of massive supply trains and linear tactics, and Frederick used this to pick and choose the location and timing of his battles carefully. For the bulk of Napoleonic battles in which they fought the French were the attacker, and hence maneuvered in column prior to deploying and giving combat. Those on the defence, without the requirement to maneuver, have the luxury of waiting in line for the assault. As noted in James Arnold's series the intent was always to deploy into line before contact (except as a coup de main), though this sometimes failed in execution. It is also important that a shield is primarily a defence against missile fire, and only secondarily a defence against melee weapons. As noted here (page 107) the quality of Japanese armour combined, with the failure to utilize crossbows and the relative weakness of their strung bows, meant that a samurai was well protected against missile fire by his armour: The Charge of the Heavy Brigades (Household and Union) at Waterloo is another classic example of how to employ this stratagem to effect. Both D'Erlon's I corps and the British heavy cavalry are effectively hors de combat for the remainder of the afternoon, but the consequent limiting of Napoleon's options buys Wellington more time. The Canadian Forces Drill Manual illustrates this process on page 2-28, from a single rank in which the tallest individuals have formed to the right and the shortest to the left: As noted here annual forage yield of meadow steppe is about 2000 kg/ha; of typical steppe about 900 kg/ha; and even desert steppe yields 200 kg/ha. Thus the area required to support Genghis's cavalry for a campaign ranges between 500,000 to 1,000,000 ha, or 5,000 to 10,000 km^2. A single day's forage could be found in an area of 20 to 40 km^2, which seems quite a reasonable campground size for an army of 100,000 cavalrymen. This concept is actually regarded as one of the key advantages of the Roman Manipular line of battle compared to the Greek Phalanx. When the front line of maniples were starting to tire the 2nd line would advance through the gaps between the first line. This would be repeated through the course of the battle, slowly pushing the enemy backwards with each leapfrog.