Whether or not one agrees with the interpretation, there is a reasonable biblical case to be made that a woman should not preach or teach in the church. Paul writes in 1 Tim 2: 

Even for Protestants, there are an added benefits of confessing to a person, rather than just "repenting in our heart" 

In theology, there are very, very few "closed" questions. John Dominic Crosson believes the literalness of the Resurrection to be an "open question," despite Paul's very obvious answer to "If there is no resurrection, then we are to be pitied above all men!" The closest thing I can think of as a "closed" question is the literal existence of a King David. For many years, theologians thought it an "open question" as to whether or not David existed. When archeologists found a steele mentioning the House of David, the evidence pretty thoroughly closed any further debate, because it is really hard to argue with tangible evidence to the contrary - and yet there are still some who claim it is "open" 

The real distinction here is that for one who subscribes to the Tridentine Roman Catholic understanding, after the consecration, what looks, tastes, feels, and smells like bread isn't what it looks, tastes, feels, or smells like, but instead is something else entirely, the Body of Christ. There is no bread there because the bread has been replaced by Jesus so that it is Jesus, but looks like bread. But this contradicts Jesus' own teaching in John 6:48, 51, because if Jesus is the living bread, and there is no bread there, Jesus cannot be there either. 

The official catholic teaching is that a person who is a Catholic by virtue of having received the Sacraments of Baptism or Confirmation in the Church remains a Catholic unless or until he or she deliberately and voluntarily repudiates the Church. As a separate matter, a Catholic is bound by Canon Law 

Anglo-catholiism was never universal in any branch of Anglicanism. In most dioceses, there might be a number of Anglo-Catholic Parishes (sometimes only one or two), while most of the rest of the parishes and missions in the dioceses were Anglican (or in the US, Episcopalian), at the same time as in other dioceses, there might be a larger proportion of Anglo-catholics, and a smaller number of those who were not. 

In my household, my oldest child has no authority over the younger ones. She can't tell them what to do under normal circumstances, because she simply has no authority to do so. 

On the contrary, No one can mentally admit the opposite of what is self-evident; as the Philosopher (Metaph. iv., lect. vi) states concerning the first principles of demonstration. But the opposite of the proposition "God is" can be mentally admitted: The fool said in his heart, There is no God (Ps. lii. 1). Therefore, that God exists is not self-evident. 

Even better would be each item listed with the correct Catholic terminology with a layman's or potestnt synonym... Like 

Others claim Romans 1 and 2 - the existence of God is clearly known because He wrote it on our hearts, but that's not self-evident, either. The may point to 2 Peter chapter 3 as support that we know God, but are "willingly ignorant" because we'd rather walk after our own lusts, but that's not "self-evidence" either.