If on your team it proves adding a layer adds more expense than benefit, the attention paid to the other team might be out of necessity, e.g., that team is struggling and that degree of attention is warranted, no matter the struggles your team is having...at least up until your struggles exceed the other team's. That just has to happen because no project is ever perfect and you have to pick your battles. Define your processes. Organizations, projects, and teams with weak capabilities usually begin with a lack of definition. Define where a process begins, ends, inputs, outputs, the rules that govern it, where to find which piece of information about the process and in the process, roles including quantity and required skills, and tools. Document #1. Writing it down makes it real, enables everyone to know and understand it, and serves as intellectual capital. While doing #1 and #2, look for redundant processes, steps within a process that seem wasteful, similar outputs produced by two different processes that could be combined, and outputs no one is using anymore. Update #1 and #2 accordingly. Define roles. Organizations, projects, and teams with weak capabilities often times have ill defined roles -- lack of boundaries, lack of accountability and properly placed authority. A good structure to help define the role is BART: boundary, accountability, responsibility, and task. Document #4. Create a high performing team. This is a process and takes time. All new teams, no matter the brilliance of the individuals, are low performing, immature, and dysfunctional. It takes time with active interventions to build a cohesive team and a sense of collective success/failure. Assess the skills and strengths of the individuals on the team. Based on people's strengths, align them to the roles you defined in #4 to the degree possible. While the ultimate goal was likely given to you, let the team develop its own objectives and way to get there, keeping in mind #6. Celebrate successes early and often. Repeat steps 1 through 9. You will likely find rules that say at about six to eight reports you need a layer and other rules that say you can go as high as 20 reports before adding a layer. A lot of this thinking is economically driven rather than validity of the thought. You have to sift through that. 

A balanced approach is called for here, where if you are measuring the reduction of defects in quality, you need to also measure, and reward, those other behaviors that will likely be affected, too. For example, if I am being measured on quality, I am going to slow down and double check my work. So you have to counter that with a measurement on time. I'd also take less risks, which in many environments you do not want. So you have to counter that. You have to also be careful with cause and effect, the relationship between the independent variable (what you manipulate) and the dependent variable (the result). What seems intuitive, logical, and even "common sense" is too many times not true. You would think increasing someone's wage would have positive effects on morale and work effort. In fact, morale is not touched, or it actually drops, and work effort will eventually decrease as the labor supply curve suggests.