*Al gave Mary a ring a lot last night. Al is giving Mary a ring. !=> Al has given Mary a ring. (*'s in the below indicate low acceptability. Note that the absence of a phrase must be interpreted as the absence of any inferrable phrase--adding a phrase silently will increase acceptability, but this should be avoided in order to understand the judgments. It is also intended that a difference in transitivity not change the meaning of the verb, so sometimes a * might indicate that example is not interpretable in the same way as the corresponding non-*ed examples.) 

By "expresses the category D" I mean, preferably, that there is solid evidence/argumentation for a given morpheme to be analyzed as overtly heading a Determiner projection. I would limit such expressions in this case to those communicating meaning like the definite article the, but not demonstratives like that. Some student saw every professor There is a (single) student (say, John) such that he saw every professor For every professor x, there is a (different) student that saw x There is a solution to every problem There is a (single) solution such that it applies to every problem For every problem x, there is a (different) solution for x 

Al gave Mary a ring in a year. I am wondering if there are any verbs/phrases that qualify both as ditransitive, and as atelic. The following shows the relevant tests. The satisfying verb/phrase should have the same * patterns as give w.r.t. ditransitivity, but * patterns with sleep and watch in the telicity tests. A complete answer will provide the evidence that the proposed word passes the test in these ways. 

Entailment from the progressive to the perfect: 

By not displaying inverse scope, I mean that an equivalent translation of (1) would support the interpretation in (2) but not in (3). Perhaps the same for (4) with the interpretations paraphrased in (5) and (6): Single-event compatibility with "in"-phrases: 

*Al gave Mary a ring for a year. Single-event compatibility with "a lot": In general, talk of syntactic derivations as top-down versus bottom-up is understood to be purely metaphorical: the theory of grammar aims to explain static knowledge, not dynamic process. A forthcoming paper considers how to understand directionality of derivation for syntactic processing (and what that may imply for an adequate theory of syntactic competence). From the introduction: When you write down the semantic representation of a sentence (lambda calculus) you see that the determiner "consumes" the noun. Hence, it is the semantic head of a noun phrase. SEOP has a comprehensive overview of the phenomena that led to this, but Wikipedia is not bad either. The official documentation for PTB tags is this weird PostScript file; you might prefer this quickref. 

These are not two different types of parsing in HPSG (or anywhere else, AFAIK), but two (of the many) aspects of parsing with a rich grammar like HPSG. 

Given this, if you were to apply the object over the verb, and then apply the subject over the resultant, you'd have the man and the woman each visiting a garden, that may or may not be the same garden. However, if you were to apply the subject over the verb, and then apply the object over the resultant, you'd have them both visiting the same garden.