47 Verily I say unto you, That he shall make him ruler over all his goods. 

In any sentence where I can consider using what we would call "swear" words, I need to be either angry, disrespectful, reacting to a sudden injury or fright, or a combination of the above. 

Chapter 1 is a description of Gentiles (non-Jews) and shows the wickedness as part of the build-up. By extension, this shows that religious affiliation (even to a so-called "one true Church" as many denominations claim) can save us. 

Whether this indicates "joy" specifically is up for interpretation. I personally believe it does, based on many things, but at least partially because He is angered when we worship anything else. He is "a jealous God" 

As I said in the beginning, a comprehensive list of Scriptures would be prohibitively large, and it would be impossible to do a better job of answering this than has already been done by Paul in Romans, but here is a link to an article with more. 

There is no situation where a loving heart shouts or mutters things like "what the ######## are you doing, you ########. Learn to drive the ######## car!" 

Early on in the message, he speaks of a certain denomination's evangelism efforts during what they called "the decade of Harvest": 

7 “Teacher,” they asked, “when will these things happen? And what will be the sign that they are about to take place?” 

19 And woe unto them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days! 

2 I am the LORD thy God, which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage. 

This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is far from me. 

Global warming does not predict the end of the world, a repeat of a global flood that would wipe out all mankind, or anything else that would contradict Scripture. Global warming is irrelevant to Scripture and vice-versa. It does predict flooding, but not at the scale necessary to conflict with God's promise to Noah. In short it predicts hardship, not total destruction. 

A few years back, Kirk Cameron (the actor) joined him in trying to spread the teaching, and as a result of Kirk's celebrity, the teaching has become even more popular. 

At judgment day, you will stand before God, not anybody else. Your convictions, or your preferences are not for anyone else to decide. 

To answer your comment, it is entirely possible that God does call us to serve in secular jobs. God is, after all, sovereign. God alone knows where the line is between His sovereignty, and the free will He allows us. 

As far as other references in the Bible, again, nothing direct but Jesus did say: 

Scripturally, it's quite easy to show that questioning God in and of itself isn't sinful. Job questioned God repeatedly. David questioned Him. Even Jesus questioned God the Father. "Why have you forsaken me?" 

20 And the children of Reuben, Israel's eldest son, by their generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war; 

7 For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places. 

11 And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many. 

This article lists several other hints that apply. One example: 

So I'd put forth that, proper worship, from a contrite heart, one that truly loves and is honoring God brings Him joy, while empty, meaningless worship (just going through the motions, or doing so in an attempt to please Him, rather than simply because you love Him so much that you want to worship out of an expression of the love in your heart) does not. 

There's another article here describing the same thing, going deeper into it and attempting to show that there are ties to body, soul, and spirit. 

While it's debatable whether Comfort's message is true, and it's not universally accepted, there's no denying that it has been widely accepted, and influential. 

I happen to fall into group #3 above, with strong leanings toward #2. 

The remainder of Romans is support for this doctrinal statement. Paul starts out by showing how the early heroes of the Jewish faith were not justified by their own goodness, but by Faith on God. 

As for how global warming should affect Christian worldviews (and vice-versa) the two are completely unrelated, and should affect each other no more than Brittney Spears' favorite color should affect what I want to eat for breakfast. (which is bacon and eggs.) 

No. The Bible says nothing about global warming either way. Any attempt to twist any scripture to support or deny global warming is pure speculation. 

It is referring to Amniotic fluid, at least according to the sermons we hear in our Baptist Church. 

Behold also the ships, which though they be so great, and are driven of fierce winds, yet are they turned about with a very small helm, whithersoever the pilot listeth.