Since earthquakes can strike at any time, it's advisable to carry your hard-hat with you at all times, since there is a large amount of debris that could fall from the ceiling. It is also recommended that you get earthquake insurance for yourself and your building, just to make sure your are better protected financially no matter what happens. 

Edit: Forgot to add that, obviously, you yourself could pay someone to edit the work for you, but you definitely need your manuscript at a reasonable standard to expect to get published. 

The world did not end (Foo, Bar & Nom, 1994). 

2. How to Deal with Earthquakes 

An alternative to bullet points could be to bold certain information in the paragraph since this would break the paragraph into manageable chunks to help understanding and memory retention. 

Since earthquakes can strike at any time, it's advisable to carry your hard-hat with you at all times, since there is a large amount of debris that could fall from the ceiling. It is also recommended that you insure yourself and your building against earthquakes, just to make sure your are better protected financially no matter what happens. 

(Note that in the last case I have removed "some form of" as a modifier for "interface designer," because it weakens the statement.) 

If your problem were only with the single word which, it would be routine to solve it by simply using a different word: 

Some writing teachers and critics will tell you never to use the first person because the minutiae of one's daily life are not necessarily interesting to readers. That's hogwash. Where is it written that first-person narratives have to include boring, irrelevant detail? The only reason to forego that POV is if you can't do it well. Plenty of great writing has been done from the first-person perspective, from the earliest novels (which were actually done in an epistolary style) to the most modern fiction. 

The way to keep a narrative interesting in the first person (or from any POV, for that matter), is to leave out detail that doesn't advance character development or plot, or isn't interesting for some other reason. 

You could argue that taste and identity could remain singular here. You could also argue for using plural pronouns to agree with singular subjects, but that's beside the point. There are so many different ways to say a thing, and it is the writer's job to put the words into a felicitous arrangement. If one phrasing causes you problems, use another one. 

Lead with the result as a subordinate clause 

But there are other ways to avoid the problem you have identified. I do not think that lies with the word which, however, but in the way you construct your statements. 

Those are just three examples, and all are based on the statement you yourself made. But it is not the only statement possible. You can talk about other things, you can lead into something obliquely, then quicken the pace to make a bolder statement, and so on. The important thought that I would leave you with is that varying your prose is always a good idea. You can't bore people into reading what you write. 

Determining how much, and what information you pass through your sentences is a very important subliminal channel of information about the speaker, their character, current situation and mood. 

If you merely use it to optimize readability, you will crop a lot of flavour of the text just in order to pass verbatim data. It's like you took a painting and tried to determine which contrast settings make it most readable. Of course pulling the contrast way up, making all detail stand out sharply will make the painting very readable. It will also murder any dreamy atmosphere, tricks of light or moods it conveys. You optimize for information and kill all the feelings. 

Do not aim at optimizing readability. Aim at expressing the character. 

If you compare your painstakingly, precisely built mystery to a house of cards, placing the last card on top of the house of cards is quite satisfying, but crashing a transatlantic cruise ship into it might be more entertaining. 

You can switch "fast forward" on by changing the format to that of a journal, a diary, a logbook. I covered three months of space flight under hibernation with a computer log. I covered thirty years of political developments with press headers. 

Now, if instead of that, you're writing romance, adventure, horror - you're free to use coincidence. The reader is not expected to foresee the future, neither given enough clues nor able to embrace the nebulous, always-changing rules. It's not a puzzle, it's a ride. Of course you're still able to include "mystery puzzle" elements, be it as short episodes / side threads, or as the central core surrounded by decoration of chaotic fantasy flair. It's an extra flavor, an extra challenge to the reader, and as such, the isolated part should follow the "no coincidence" rules of the game.