In the Flesh Kincaid Reading Level system (RL's) it is a simple calculation considering length of words and number of words in a sentence and then compared against an average based on a set standard using abilities of children at each grade level. A book with short words and short sentences will have a low RL but a book with longer words and more words per sentence will have a higher RL. What are some rules and procedures I can instill to be sure to keep everyone "safe?" or at least, "safer?" She is seven and not yet really in a place in life where she cares deeply about privacy for her own self so the idea of others wanting privacy from her is foreign. She is definitely a heart-on-her-sleeve/tell-it-like-it-is kind of girl. You can still find an RL or Lexile score for much of the published adult literature if it might be used in classrooms or is considered a "classic." In these cases you can use the same methods in finding appropriate "RL's" as listed in the section above. EDIT TO ANSWER A FEW QUESTIONS AND CREATE A LITTLE MORE CLARITY based on the wonderful answers and comments I've already received: She has warmed up to the idea of the water enough to be okay splashing in it, blowing bubbles (partial face submersion) and even floating around in a pool (as long as she's got an inner tube or me or her dad) to hang onto. She can doggie paddle to the edge if she needs to and enjoys splashing in it - she just won't get her face wet. Unfortunately, for her to have friends, it seems many of them are Christians, that in my opinion would fall into that crowd of people that are unknowingly rubbing elbows with the KKK and the Nazis in their level of judgement toward others thankfully, they are no where near as violent. Then, allow him to put two and two together and offer up the apology completely of his own volition. When he does, reward him with a little renewed trust and have a talk about how he can win back the rest of your trust. Good Luck and let us know how it goes. I was raised Christian, and still believe in God and Christ's message of love, but am estranged from most Christian Churches because I don't find them to be truly loving places (members are often quite judgmental - particularly in our area and certain platitudes are passed on in Sunday School Classes as well. As a result, none of us attends church with any regularity). My husband is agnostic. Now that my own daughter is seven, here is how I've generally approached it with her.