- Phillips, David D. Athenian Political Oratory: 16 Key Speeches. Psychology Press, 2004. Those who belonged to the Kempetai were apparently all wanted by the allies. Apart from them, I'm not sure which of the Japanese soldiers were, or were accused of being, war criminals. It seems France primarily wanted to deprive the Vietnamese of Japanese military training and assistance. At any rate, beginning in 1951 these soldiers began to be repatriated, and as far as I can tell none ran into trouble when they returned home. The Amphictyonic League was an ancient religious organisation which formed to support the temples of Apollo and Demeter at Delphi and Anthele. Customary international law does not need to be codified, but are instead general principles accepted by the international community. The fact that such rulings were made in 1945 shows that by that point, the international consensus was that aggressive wars are no longer allowed. - Ashley, James R. The Macedonian Empire: the Era of Warfare Under Philip II and Alexander the Great, 359-323 BC. McFarland, 2004. Therefore it is accurate to say that international law had changed by 1945. Moreover, this change was at least two decades in the making. A significant previous milestone was the General Treaty for Renunciation of War as an Instrument of National Policy of 1928. The remainder of U.S. Army infantry divisions, excepting mountain and airborne, were foot-transported. However, note that the mobility of a foot-transported divisions is more commonly limited by its logistics than by walking pace; in this all U.S. Army divisions were supplied with plentiful trucks for transport of headquarters units, artillery, supplies, and the rest of the tail. The U.S. Army officially designated just five divisions as motorized infantry in World War Two, and only for the period 1942-3 (The 5th was a phantom, part of USFAG for the D-Day deception): The defection of the Dukes of Burgundy from being English allies to being French allies is listed elsewhere as the turning point, but I see this as the effect and not the cause. What sane Duke of Burgundy would stand alone against the French while the English were so focussed on internal squabble to be useless as allies? Far safer and more productive to split Continental spoils plundered from English possessions with the French monarchy, than to risk the dukedom by standing alone against it. Pilgrims from all over Greece came to Delphi to seek answers from the priestess, the most prestigious of her kind in the classical world. Many of them would disembark at Cirrha, the closest port to Delphi. The city took advantage of this to impose a toll on pilgrims, a sacrilegious act that ultimately provoked a war with the Amphictyonic League. Customary international law does not need to be codified, but are instead general principles accepted by the international community. The fact that such rulings were made in 1945 shows that by that point, the international consensus was that aggressive wars are no longer allowed. - Robinson, John. Ancient History: A Synopsis of the Rise, Progress, Decline and Fall of the States and Nations of Antiquity. London, 1821. Immediately after the Armistice ended the Pacific War, some tens of thousands of Japanese veterans remained in Vietnam, with more in nearby regions. They were actively courted by the Viet Minh, who needed their experience and expertise in their looming war with France. Some 1000 Japanese military personnel thus found themselves on the Vietnamese side, including something like 47 former Kempetai members and/or 46 officers. Though exact numbers should be taken with a grain of salt. He wasn't just visiting the front - he went into the fields with his troops and commanded them in the fighting, including at the pivotal Battle of the Yser. I don't know if this counts as "taking part in military actions" - it kind of depends on whether one interprets that as physically fighting vs being a frontline commander. Though according to Wikipedia German troops refrained from shooting him, which would suggest he was rather in the thick of it. Update: Genghis's army rode ponies, not full horses, reducing forage needs accordingly. Churchill states that initially it was believed that only about 3,000 were left behind in Crete, but that this figure was later revised upwards to almost 6,000. The figures above may be from the initial estimates. Still from that source (page 356), Casualties in Crete a month later were 1,700 killed, 2,000 wounded, and 12,000 POW. In closing, recall the vast number of landing craft that the Allies, and particularly the U.S., employed throughout World War Two in both major theatres. These are, in essence, floating Armoured Personnel Carriers. The use of precious production capacity in their manufacture instead of simpler tracked APC's seems, to me, eminently reasonable. Update: In The Gathering Storm on page 407, Churchill states Prussia under Frederick invading Silesia to start War of Austrian Succession The small-scale mining of coal at this time was for use in the small steam engines of the day, and for home heating (probably derived from the similar use of peat). Silesia, like Belgium , had numerous seams of coal near the surface. Watt's steam engine hadn't been invented yet but Newcommen's was already about 30 years old. All of this Frederick would have known about Silesia by 1740.