Again according this fatwa (Arabic) Adam (peace be upon him) is the first naby and rasul again adds as to support the claims (2:31) According this (Arabic) Fatwa -my translation from Arabic, please take it with care- the term naby is more general than the term rasul: some scholars define naby as somebody who has received a revelation or message from Allah if he has been asked to spread it then he will be called rasul and naby if not only naby. Others said that a rasul is somebody who has received a revelation with a new shari'a (which he has to spread), while a naby has been sent out to confirm a shari'a revealed to those who came before him. According the fatwa the first opinion is stronger. 

Does it mean that cattle, garments, food, and the people of the book also come from supernovae? 

pretending that Isra'el (Ya'qub) had prohibited for himself as quoted in (3:93). 

In his tafsir Imam al Qurtubi summarized a number of possible meanings and interpretations for that special day: I found some Ahadith in Sahih Muslim and Sahih al-Bukhary and Sunan abi Dawod which quote this, espacially the Versions narrated by Muslim and abi Dawod support the tafsir above. Here's the one from Sahih Muslim: What kinds of food did Isra'il prohibit for himself 

Note that this solemn pledge taken from all the Prophets emphasizes the importance of the message of Muhammad and pays a special tribute to it. On the other hand I really could only find general acceptance (Scholars like Yusuf al-Qaradawai, Institution like Moroccan Ministery of Awqaf ...) of his whole work, so my answer here is not on tafhim al-Quran itself, but on the whole work of al-Maududi. As it seems Sayyid Qutb in his "Fi dhilal al-Quran" (literally: In the shadows of the Quran) which is a modern tafsir and differs from classical tafsirs in the point that it tries to project the Quranic text into modern time, and reflects or interprets it from this point of view is basically following the way of Quran Interpretation of al-Maududi. The Mufti of Saudi Arabia said about it it's not a tafsir, it doesn't even try to explain the words of Quran but is explaining his shadows and what is around it (Note this is my own "free" interpretation of the quote). 

(To be found for example in Mokhtassar Tafsir ibn Kathir) At-Tabari instead said, that Luqman has prohibited or discouraged his son here from arrogance, but he also added an evidence for not walking fast. This would go ahead with the meaning of this sahih hadith. 

And our Messenger used to say: So the last verse of surat al ikhlass has similiarties to (42:11): Note that logically the last statement means if Adam (peace be upon him) had a shari'a he necessary need to be a naby and rasul. On the other hand there's no statement in the quran quoting Adam (peace be upon him) clearly as a rasul, while there are many statements which may indicate that he at least was a naby, like his speech to Allah. And here a quote from the same tafsir about hemaphrodite on the verse of inheritance 4:11 Conclusion: Most tafsirs say that the two mates or pairs refer to two kinds (most mean genders) of Allah's creation. Imam al-Qurtobi said that this verse if we make a distinction between both kinds male and female has to be understood as the major way of creation and doesn't exclude special cases. If we understand it as two different kinds, we also can't exclude the fact that both of them to appear in the same creation. All I could say is that I found salafi pages who reject or show off some statements of Maududi which seem to "attack" or "disrespect" our Messenger for example he must have said in some of his books something like: "until now 1300 years after Muhammad we still haven't seen the Dajjal" he calls this one point where our Messenger had a false estimation or made a false prophecy as according to him he expected the Dajjal to come short after him. And of course salafi's like to show off errors in 'aqidah etc.. He also seem to have Note these are the words I found in a salfi thread about him and his books. They also pointed on his commentary on 12:55 where he interpreted that Yousouf wanted to become a dictator and compared him to Mussolini.