What is politics? In The Perpetual Peace (Appendix 1), Kant writes: The area covered by duties is wider than that covered by obligations. A duty may be owed to a person other than the other party to the contract. This distinction is in fact applied in English law, in order to define the duty of confidentiality. Therefore, rule utilitarianism is considered to be more practicable, countering the anti-utilitarian argument that weighing each and every possible outcome each and every time is just not the way we want to (or can) spend our time. As to be free means to follow one's own rational principles, only the individual living in a civil society with rational laws (i.e. laws the individual would agree with) can be called free. As Kant advocated a republican constitution, not a democracy, how would the sovereign or the government know about what laws the free citizen of the state would agree to? Kant "invents" a touchstone to answer that question, the touchstone of Publicity, again in the Perpetual Peace (Appendix II, note that there is a strong resemblance to the categorical imperative in the formulation and the universal demand): The difference in your example is that bees are often harmed when collecting honey, and also you "steal" the basis of their habitation as well as for new offspring, while relying on their pollination 1) is indispensable and 2) doesn't harm them but, on the contrary, it's essential to their survival (while the crop of the pollenised plant isn't). I disagree with krue's answer. That's not what the categorical imperative does, though the conclusion may be right. The analogy goes like this: We know that at every point there's someone suffering from the effects and consequences of extreme poverty. Extreme poverty can be relieved by very small donations. If we don't donate, those people are going to die. As we know that, it is our responsibility. Therefore we are obliged to donate as long as nothing with equal moral value is sacrificed. Singer makes clear that he doesn't ask people to donate their last shirt, he doesn't ask them to take their own children out of college. Actually, there can't be an objective evaluation of what's equal. But whoever doesn't donate at all, not even contemplating... well. As Singer points out elsewhere, he sees no moral difference between killing and letting die. People who aren't donating although they have the means to save lives - they're the person who watches the child drown because their clothes would get wet. An act utilitarian doesn't generalise the act, but regards it as a single action with a single outcome. She will have to weigh the possible consequences each and every time she acts. Edit: I hereby present a somewhat suspicious link to Why honey is not vegan. Please don't hold me liable. On the other hand, act utilitarians consider rule utilitarians somewhat dull-witted, for a smart person might think of herself to be able to decide what to do without just applying rules time and time again. Also, blindly applying rules to specific situations can have unforeseen negative consequences that might have been averted by somebody who paid more attention instead of executing a programme. We should maybe try another concept. My assumption is that the question "since we cant know if other people exist why should morality not revolve only around myself?" is easily answered with Kant. Why? Because what "good" and "moral" is does not depend on your or anybody's interests. Because we don't even have to consider other human beings but ourself to be bound to do justice. You don't have to act morally in regard to these others because they may or may not be real humans, or because even if they aren't, they might be sad if you don't, but because this is the only way for you to be just. This is the point I already saw in volkerjaan's answer. You don't to good for others, but for yourself. This is not constraint, but freedom. That's the answer - what's best is best for you! At the same time, act utilitarians are criticised for their double standards, for they think it is useful if everybody follows "good" rules while they take for themselves the right to decide whether or not it is clever to stick to those rules in a specific situation. An example: A rule utilitarian drives at night and sees a red intersection light. Thinking "it would have good consequences if people would stick to the rule and not cross red lights, so everyone is safe while waiting for a short while", she would apply that rule to herself and wait for it to turn green. Meanwhile, the act utilitarian might think "well, I certainly hope that people, who aren't me, in general follow that rule and stay put, but as there's no one around who might get influenced by my act, since there's no police around to fine me, and since I would see an approaching car as it's dark, I might as well cross right now." Of course you could make the empirical observation that persons live by a double standard, but neither can you claim that this is true for all persons in history, past and prospective (problem of induction), nor can you conclusively claim that it is an ontological/anthropological condition for being human, because there is no logical need in being hypocritical. One might be "forced" by life to abandon one's maxims, but in that moment one has to simply accept that one's leaving the "moral path" to instead act by hypothetical imperatives (cleverness) or arbitrariness. One does, however, have the choice to not do that. As long as one has this option, there can be no "need" for double standards (and there is no moral act without options).