According the Italy 1990 FIFA World Cup technical report, 

What criteria make a player more worthy of being captain than others? 

The updates to the definition seem scattered about, and not always provided in each technical report. But these two reports seem to be of utmost importance, and still have their application to modern day football/soccer. Could this damage the studs significantly? Should I: An assist point cannot be rewarded for : Position Manchester City selected Vincent Kompany, a central defender who rarely moves up the pitch, as their captain. Arsenal has Per Mertesacker, also a central defender, as their captain. Being the slowest on the team makes him an unlikely playmaker. The previous captain, Mikel Arteta, played as a defensive midfielder, which is slightly more reasonable for the position criteria. Complete list of FIFA technical reports here. 

Popularity West Ham's captain is Mark Noble who is a stranger to neutral fans compared to Dimitri Payet. Liverpool's Jordan Henderson is injury-prone, and with an FPL score of 7, might as well be another benchwarmer. 

This technology works alongside the open communication system also adopted by the officials. 

Another point not mentioned is that sometimes a manager will bring off a star performer in the final minutes/seconds of the game so that they get the ovation that they deserve. Law 12 (Misconduct) of the Laws of the Game state: 

And here's a BBC Magazine article on "The Science of Home Advantage". 

Middlesbrough's Riverside Stadium's away team dressing room is 'L'-shaped. Not only does this subconciously suggest "Lose" but it makes inter-team communication more difficult as the manager has to talk around a corner. It was noted that some away dressing rooms had the tactics board in full view of the corridor. During a Champion's league game between Chelsea and Barcelona it was suggested that the away team dressing room only had three working showers and one mirror. Away teams have considerably less space to get prepared. The home side often has adequate locker space for 4 or 5 pairs of boots and plenty of bench space to get ready whereas away dressing rooms are often smaller, more cramped affairs. Simple luxuries. Huge TV screens, ice baths, carpets, more treatment tables etc. I recall Roy Keane ensuring that Sunderland's away dressing room had pictures of Sunderland winning all over it as a bit of a mind game. The away team probably slept in a hotel the night before the match whereas the home players would have slept in their own beds. The away team may have travelled a considerable distance/time and may be fatigued as a result. Finally, a couple of interesting articles: Could this damage the studs significantly? Should I: According the Italy 1990 FIFA World Cup technical report, 

Position Manchester City selected Vincent Kompany, a central defender who rarely moves up the pitch, as their captain. Arsenal has Per Mertesacker, also a central defender, as their captain. Being the slowest on the team makes him an unlikely playmaker. The previous captain, Mikel Arteta, played as a defensive midfielder, which is slightly more reasonable for the position criteria. The fastest (non-automobile) route to the pitch is a 12-minute walk along a mostly pavement sidewalk. An example of this was USA vs Belgium. The referee actually trips number 13 when he gets open for a shot at net. The player is unharmed but he is very disappointed. Later on, he is making a solo run when he bumps into the referee, losing possession. 

I've watched a lot of BPL matches lately, and I've realized how awkwardly the captains are chosen. The captains sometimes don't have many key qualities, or assist their team much. 

Another point not mentioned is that sometimes a manager will bring off a star performer in the final minutes/seconds of the game so that they get the ovation that they deserve. 

In addition to this, there are a myriad different rules and guidelines for shorts, relating to numbering, manufacturer's logo and team badge but nothing specifying the length of the shorts. 

This can, indeed, be a factor. Although it's less likely that a manager brings on a player to earn his appearance fee, the number of caps a player has earned in a season can be important. Middlesbrough's Riverside Stadium's away team dressing room is 'L'-shaped. Not only does this subconciously suggest "Lose" but it makes inter-team communication more difficult as the manager has to talk around a corner. It was noted that some away dressing rooms had the tactics board in full view of the corridor. During a Champion's league game between Chelsea and Barcelona it was suggested that the away team dressing room only had three working showers and one mirror. Away teams have considerably less space to get prepared. The home side often has adequate locker space for 4 or 5 pairs of boots and plenty of bench space to get ready whereas away dressing rooms are often smaller, more cramped affairs. Simple luxuries. Huge TV screens, ice baths, carpets, more treatment tables etc. I recall Roy Keane ensuring that Sunderland's away dressing room had pictures of Sunderland winning all over it as a bit of a mind game. The away team probably slept in a hotel the night before the match whereas the home players would have slept in their own beds. The away team may have travelled a considerable distance/time and may be fatigued as a result. Finally, a couple of interesting articles: