It is scary how bad the Tiagra chain is, out of the box it's stretch measurement is nearly 0.5% and I would be surprised if I get 40 hours of riding out of it (less than a month commuting) if I wait to 0.75% before I change. 

Does anyone know the mechanisms driving the two different wear rates? 

Initial Preparation Probably the most critical step for a successful hot waxing is preparing the chain. All lube must be stripped off. EVERYTHING. No residue, just bare metal. This is actually more difficult than it first sounds. I typically follow this tutorial by Molten Speed Wax (although I haven't tried their wax yet). The mineral spirits do a good job of stripping out oils, but they do leave a residue. Mineral spirits is therefore followed by rubbing alcohol (isopropanol) baths, which leaves bear metals. After drying the chain is ready for a hot wax treatment. Regular bike degreasers will likely not be strong enough. 

In the end I suspect choice and frequency and quality of lubing may actually play the biggest role! 

Example of an inner link measurement (10 links apart) 

Question 2 The wear pattern observed in real world testing (Figure 1; left panel) appears to be quite different from the patterns I have seen in posted laboratory testing (Figure 2), which used a machine to run, dirty and lube the chain. 

Once I set my commuter up on a waxed chain I will have a better of how this may pan out. 

Figure 2: Chain wear patterns from laboratory testing (accessed Feb 26, 2016 but now offline). 

Does anyone know the reason for the different observed patterns in wear for real world testing versus laboratory testing? 

This is the common wisdom, but I personally question it. Over the last 3 years I have been carefully recording chain longevity under different lubes and conditions. Under the same conditions (brand/model of chain and season) a thicker wet lube resulted in longer chain life. Sometimes the difference relative to a light or dry lube was startlingly (e.g., 1000 km more life on an Ultegra chain). I suspect the thicker/stickier lube remains in place better (some sort of hydrodyamic property that I can't remember the technical term). As for debris, it does have an effect, but I suspect it is somewhat over-rated as I only see a small drop (e.g., ~300-500 km) during the winter under the same lube chain combo and in some pretty nasty muddy conditions as I keep off the main roads and ride on more gravel during the winter. 

-- Lennard Zinn, Technical FAQ: Chain wear measurement 

My suspicions is that the change relates to wearing through one material type into another, but it would be nice to get confirmation from people who know more.