To get some handle on the refugee situation in the EU. There is a long-standing effort to harmonize this area of the law, with a string of regulation on asylum, the Return directive, and the Dublin system. Yet, the summer of 2015 saw complete chaos, with trains blocked and people lining up at the border, walking on the motorway or being rounded up. If it wants to avoid completely losing control and seeing member states resort to ad hoc and illegal national solutions (like the border checks France regularly performs at the border with Italy), the EU sorely needs to find something, anything, to deal with the crisis. 

And the 2001 European Union was already very different from the 1957 European Economic Community, with the merger of the three European Communities, the directly-elected European Parliament, (mostly failed) attempts at creating a common defense or foreign policy, the police and justice cooperation, the Schengen border-free area, the “EU citizenship” and broader free-movement rights established by the Maastricht treaty, etc. 

It's however possible to review the main issues and see what could be impacted (if not necessarily how those things would actually be impacted). It seems that there are at least three areas in which all this could have an impact on your working life: 

Consequently, the people who were asked to leave France or Belgium because they do not qualify for the “right of residence” can typically come back more-or-less immediately. They can be denied the right to stay in the country long-term without a job or financial resources but not banned entirely or prevented from travelling or working freely. Any such ban would also be very difficult to enforce given France's situation in the Schengen area (for third-country nationals, wanted criminals, etc. it's possible to communicate a ban or request to arrest a person to all Schengen countries using somethign called the SIS but it's not possible to use that for EU citizens who committed no crime). 

I can also offer an anecdote related to all this. When I applied for my PhD in the Netherlands, someone from Turkey applied around the same time. At the end of the day, he was recruited before me but he started several months later than me because of all the time needed to get certified copies and translations of all the required documents and for the visa application to make its way through various government offices. 

One final caveat: The scores of all the countries considered are between 65 and 85 on a scale designed to go from 0 to 100 (actual range: 35-87) and a dataset mostly restricted to countries considered “free” or “mostly free” by Freedom House. Simplifying a complex issue to crude ranks or categories is in the nature of the exercise but any cut-off is necessarily somewhat arbitrary. There is a world of countries doing much much worse out there so I would be wary of over interpreting the magnitude of the difference. 

And as shown by the widely varying size of current states, there is no sweet spot, if you transfer everything the state does down to the next sub-state level, you have not created anything new and moving competencies and regulations up to the European level will remain as complicated as it is now. 

Interestingly, even though it decided to stay out of not only the EU but also the EEA, Switzerland still had to grant the same rights to all EU citizens to gain access to the single market. Beyond the symbolic weight of the membership in this or that organisation, that's the real issue. It's extremely difficult to see how you could compromise on this without killing the single market. 

Regarding the last two points, working for a German company might make a difference, not mainly because Germany would be in the EU while the UK would not but simply because it would have to reevaluate its international strategy. Small and middle-size UK businesses might lose a bit through increased costs and bureaucracy for exports. A few of them might even seriously suffer because things like bidding on contracts abroad becomes more difficult. But they are not going anywhere.