It's important to keep night and day different; you might need to get some good blackout blinds. You could try a "hungry baby" formula. (You should never weaken (or strengthen) formula feeds, by the way.) You probably should not leave a child under six months to cry. For example: some sleep training systems must not be started until the child is over 6 months. It's important to help your child learn how to fall asleep without being rocked to sleep, but cuddling them if they're crying is fine. http://www.nhs.uk/Planners/birthtofive/Pages/Commonsleepproblems.aspx When a child under 6 months old cries it's usually to tell us that they need something. They are telling that they're hungry, or cold, or want a cuddle, or in pain. When a child under 6 months cries you probably want to address the problem - change a nappy or provide a feed or do some winding to relieve trapped air or just have a nice cuddle. There is an exception. Some babies cry and there isn't a reason. This is very hard for parents. There are support groups to help with this. This crying is called "colic". http://www.nhs.uk/Conditions/Colic/Pages/Introduction.aspx (Some people also use the term colic to refer to babies with a lot of trapped wind.) For example, one story I'd tell my son (let's call him R) goes something like this: The Man with the Yellow Hat needed Sugar, Baking Powder, Chocolate Chips, and flour, to bake the cookies they wanted to bake. While they went past the cookie aisle, George saw something he liked, and ran off. R followed him, and said "No George, don't run away!" George stopped, and saw a little boy crying in the aisle. R couldn't find the Man with the Yellow Hat, so he found a worker at the store, and told him the boy was missing his mommy. Since you don't provide an age, there are a few different guidelines based on age. You can make that up that 'on the go' pretty easily, even if you're not creative (I am absolutely not!). Several of the other book series work similarly, as well as Aesop's Fables and some of Grimm's fairy tales: there is a fairly simple formula that anyone can follow, just filling in the details around the formula. The nice thing is that kids don't care too much about the actual quality of writing - so just make it customized to the kid, and you're all square. Once they hit the age that 'plot' stories make sense, and you manage to find out what they enjoy (by trial and error, most likely), I like the idea of taking formulaic stories that they enjoy book versions of, and make up your own versions. This doesn't require any preparation other than knowing what the formula is from having read quite a few. My son likes Curious George; for that, the formula is: A few things are going to happen if they haven't already with your infant. You could watch Star Wars, read (or watch!) Lord of the Rings, or read countless fantasy books and see this same formula used over and over again. Some stick more closely to it - see Terry Brooks or David Eddings, both of whom unabashedly stick to it fairly tightly - perhaps the closest of which is Star Wars itself. I am not going to replicate this here due to space and time constraints (and I'm pretty terrible as an author), but it's not all that hard to replicate - and in fact, many D&D games that are more on the storytelling side end up replicating this (often intentionally). By 8 or 10 you could easily do something like this with your children, and involve them (perhaps with some roleplaying aspects, perhaps not) and have a lot of fun. Adding a bit for older kids, there are formulas you can use even for quite complex stories. If your kids like Tolkien, there is a common Tolkien-ish formula. Here's my approximation of it: For children under about eight or nine months, stories primarily serve the purpose of hearing the parent's voice, as a soothing influence and helping to develop language. Therefore, any story will do. Books primarily should be high contrast, black and white in particular or very bright colors with few variations (ie, an entirely green turtle, not one with various lines of different colors that is more realistic). I wrote that in about 3 minutes, and largely copied off of a similar story I read frequently (George goes to the Baseball Game, or something titled like that). It has elements of my son in it - he likes to run down aisles, like every kid - and elements I like to teach him (asking a store worker if he's lost). It also has a lot of 'hooks' for him to interject details - for example, he can provide the details of the shopping list, and what they're making at home, or the store's name, or what aisle George ran down. It's also a terrible story from an adult perspective, but it's loads of fun for a three year old. Finally, make sure you don't have health issues that are making this worse. Make sure he doesn't have acid reflux, for example. Check with your pediatrician regularly about this, and see what they think. Between nine months and two years or so, they often enjoy books with pictures (in particular, photographs) that they can identify. Books with lots of pictures of trains or trucks if they're a transportation kid, animals if that's their thing, etc.; ABC, color, or number books; or "Baby's First Word" books are all good here. Stories in terms of plotted stories won't be very effective, because they won't understand the concept of plot or know why they should listen, and they don't necessarily want to go in order.