China to join the Anti-Comintern Pact Break off relations with the Soviet Union Put an end to the Chinese anti-Japan movement Autonomy for Inner Monolia Demilitarisation Zone on border with Manchukuo and in Shanghai This initial offer was rejected immediately. At this stage, Japanese High Command had no plans to move on Nanking. On 7 November, the Army General Staff issued an order limiting operations in the theatre to a line east of Suzhou and Jiaxing. This order was subsequently disregarded by Japanese units on the ground on 19 November. The Japanese government then repeated its previous peace terms on 22 November. Customary international law does not need to be codified, but are instead general principles accepted by the international community. The fact that such rulings were made in 1945 shows that by that point, the international consensus was that aggressive wars are no longer allowed. 

By the end of the war, the Communist Party controlled territories totaling close to 100 million in population. Its army was at least an order of magnitude greater than it was at the start of hostilities. In their one major operation, Communists forces targeted depleted, unprepared Japanese garrisons[4]. Yet despite the destruction they carried out, in terms of actual fighting they didn't do particularly well against all but very isolated groups of Japanese troops[5]. There is no real sign that they were any better than the Nationalist guerrillas, who - as was the case on the frontlines - bore the brunt of Japanese counterinsurgency operations. 

This is all part of the NATO system for designating land units. 

This will be an unpopular view, but I would suggest the biggest blunder is a failure to exploit Japan's peace offers prior to 1938. Remember that Imperial Japan was wracked with internal conflicts and factionalism, and that its establishment historically viewed the Soviet Union as its primary enemy. When the war in China broke out, significant voices in the civil government and military high command sought to keep the conflict limited. 

It was also at Mountbatten's instigation, when he arrived in Washington D.C. later on 9 June, that Robert Frederick was given command of the unit. Operation Plough was now rapidly turning into a reality, so Mountbatten then took Frederick and Pike with him to enlist the Canadians. Great Britain might not have the resources to participate, but the nature of the unit made the Dominion of Canada an obvious candidate for representing the British Commonwealth. The traditional image of samurai did have an effect, but only much later. Western styled sabres were replaced by more traditional designs decades much later in the 1930s, after the rise of Japanese nationalism. The standard issue of Showa 9 (1934) resembles katanas much more: 

This time Chiang held a high level meeting of the Chinese government, which concluded that, with no demand for reparations or recognition of Manchukuo, the terms were actually acceptable. Chinese acceptance was transmitted to Trauntmann on 2 December for relaying to Japan - by which point, Japanese forces were on the verge of capturing Nanking. - Lew, Christopher R. The Third Chinese Revolutionary Civil War, 1945–49: An Analysis of Communist Strategy and Leadership. Routledge, 2009. The Xi'an incident provides an indicator of contemporary public opinion. Not only did the central government continue to support Chiang after his capture during the "armed remonstrance", the mutineers were widely condemned in the court of public opinion. Donal O'Sullivan's Dealing with the Devil: Anglo-Soviet Intelligence Cooperation During the Second World War (2010) looks at the intelligence situation in Iran: The formal German-Japanese relationship in World War II (as part of the Axis) was established in the Tripartite Pact of 1940 (see also Anti-Comintern Pact). 

As for the key sentence ("Hitler had observed ...") Beevor does not point to further sources, so you would have to believe his word as an expert that he certainly is. Altogether, 36,671 officers were executed, imprisoned or dismissed, and out of the 706 officers of the rank of brigade commander and above, only 303 remained untouched [...] Winston Churchill's Iron Curtain speech from 1946 contains the following famous passage: 

Hitler's conviction that the Soviet Union was a 'rotten structure' that would come 'crashing down' was shared by many foreign observers and intelligence services. Stalin's purge of the Red Army, which had begun in 1937, was fueled by an inimitable mixture of paranoia, sadistic megalomania and a vindictiveness for old slights dating back to the Russian civil war and the Russo-Polish war. Surprised by the Allied invasion of Iran in 1941 and woefully unprepared for their tasks, the German spies did not even have a regular courier service to Berlin. In any case, both officers refused to organize sabotage, fearing it would quickly lead to their capture. Instead, they concentrated on establishing a network of dissatisfied Iranians and tribal leaders for a future revolt. Mayr and Schulze had been productive in recruiting Iranians for underground work, but the combined efforts of Soviet and British intelligence thwarted their efforts. 

Priller survived the war (at the rank of Oberst, Inspector of Day Fighters (East)), wrote a history of JG 26 from his point of view, and actually worked as technical advisor on the movie set of The Longest Day. But when England and France declared war after the invasion of Poland, he had to consider stabilizing his position to the west as well. That is where the second set of invasions and occupations comes in. Instead, he had to fortify France, fought the Battle of Britain (crippling the Luftwaffe) in hopes to get Britain out of the war, and had to help his ally Italy in North Africa, and handle the situation in Yugoslavia, and help Italy again in Greece (and Crete, crippling the German paratrooper force) -- to deny England the Balkans and secure the supply of Romanian oil. That's at least one reason for you. The second set was not originally part of "the plan". The historian in me is wondering what would have happened if France and Britain hadn't declared war, or if Britain had folded after the fall of France... 

But Little Boy produced a yield of ~16kt, comparable to the ~20kt yield of the Trinity test, and there could have been little doubt that the effects of Fat Man dropped on another city would be comparable to the effects of Little Boy on Hiroshima.