This is the answer as it applies to current forks. In the past there were more forks that needed model-specific adapters, and various IS-only calipers based on specific rotor sizes. So in the scheme of things, there are also all sorts of older forks and brakes where the minimum or maximum rotor size was limited in those ways. In the more common case of a fork with standard IS mounts, the minimum is always 160. This is a good question. The short answer is that the design of modern rim brake pads is greedy and cynical. Post mount does not have IS's issue where the geometry is different front and rear. A +20mm post mount adapter does the same thing on both. Someone installed a poorly fitting ferrule at the brake lever end and it's gradually getting wedged further in. 

I'm reading the question as saying there's too little pad gap and it's causing rub as well as lever travel that seems too tight/short/firm. 

A BMX caliper such as an Odyssey 1999, Dia-Compe Bulldog, ACS Boa, or any number of others would work. Published reach for the 1999 is 74-95mm and and 86mm for the Bulldog. Some of these brakes are pretty respectable in terms of power/performance, and a lot are garbage. Watch out for weird oversize pivot bolts on some of them. You don't ask about the Flat Mount standard, but basically it's road-specific and more svelte and structurally efficient yet, and may very well end up winning out on road bikes. There are longer reach classes within BMX/kids bikes and other bikes that use fat tires and caliper brakes. Usually these are the single pivot or u-brake/centerpull variety, although there are some uncommonly seen ones out there that are dual pivot sidepulls. 

Maximum braking power is decreased compared to a normal system owing to the aforementioned one-size-fits-all design assumptions, which have to be conservative for the system to do its thing, which in the scheme of things probably makes them less safe for most people, not more. They are adequately powerful for most purposes when set up correctly. Their marketing/product material touts the line that they're a pure, unequivocal upgrade over conventional systems, which is not correct because they reduce the overall amount of braking power available. Another safety drawback, especially for novice or fearful users that might be most drawn to the system, is that not adjusting the rear brake's barrel adjuster as the rear pads wear will create a situation where the entire bike has inadequate or no brakes much faster than in a conventional two-lever setup. For a rider that simply will never use their barrel adjusters, SureStop is much more dangerous. Compounding the issue is that the front brake has its own adjuster, but using it properly is a little more complex than normal (see their videos for more explanation.) 

IS mounts (also frequently called IS tabs, disc tabs, etc) are unthreaded eyelets 51mm apart that bolts run through parallel with the hub axle. In almost all cases the brake caliper is then bolted to an adapter that has one set of threads for the IS mounts and another 74mm apart for the caliper. (There are a very few caliper models that omit the adapter, namely XTR BR-M975.) 

So putting the caliper directly on the post without any adapter sets it up for a 203, and the fork can't take anything smaller. If you had a fork with 180mm post mounts and you wanted to run a 200mm rotor, you would use a +20mm adapter, and you would not be able to run 160. If it's not specified anywhere, which is often the case, usually that means 160 front, 160 rear for mountain and hybrid/urban and 160 front, 140 rear for road. 

A lot of people do this, enough that at some points it's been a fashion on fixed gears. All you have to do is put the cable through the normal way with the head resting on the back side of the lever, where it will sit in the housing slot. There are some levers that are made to accommodate the cable head there snugly using a removable plastic bit. You've got a brake lever and a rear brake both with typical mechanical advantage characteristics. One of the rear pads has a spring-loaded sliding mechanism where forward momentum captured from the back wheel when braking causes it to slide forward and actuate a cable going to the front brake, which is controlled only in this manner. (The head of the cable is in the moving pad, and the stop for its housing is a stationary part of the pad. Movement between the two generates the cable movement, same as a brake lever.) Some assumptions are built-in about weight distribution and total weight on the bike, and the manufacturer chose a distance for the slidey bit that will keep the front brake from ever being able to lock if those assumptions are correct. 

You've got braided housing that's bursting through a ferrule, possibly the hidden one going into the brake lever. Or it could have been installed without a ferrule. (Coil housings don't need a ferrule here but braided/compressionless ones do.) The main reason to do it is if you want a flatbar style lever on a clamp diameter they're not otherwise available for, I.e. 23.8, 25.4, 26.0, and 31.8mm, and you either don't want to mess with forcing/adapting a standard 22.2 lever or there's no real way to do it, as in 31.8. If you can just use a 22.2 bmx lever, that's what I would tend to do, because they're generally better brake levers.