Can we make the default for historical locks be forever rather than one hour? Record the change within the edit log. Since we already have collected an email and password (well, two copies of the password), could we not check to see if they match and automagically log the user into their SE OpenID? If not, the error needs to be reworded somehow to explain that while the email might have been used to create a Stack Exchange OpenID, that doesn't mean they can't log in with that OpenID to create an account. Counterintuitively, they need to use the Log in tab even if they've never had an account there before. The default period for locks is 1 hour. That makes a lot of sense for content disputes and offtopic comments. After a short period of time, the people who are engaged in editing or commenting will move on to something else. But historical significance questions are not going to be unlock-worthy after any period of time. I can't think of any reason to unlock such questions short of a complete turnaround of site culture. 

I happened to notice a brand new question on meta.stackexchange.com: The moderator vacation feature is still in the minimum viable product stage. Currently it serves three purposes: Clicking the button turns it grey: 

Ideally, the two systems would be unified so that all email subscriptions happen the same way. But short of that, it would be very helpful to indicate that an email address is unconfirmed for notification emails just like newsletters. 

(For people with accounts on other sites and/or Stack Exchange OpenIDs, this paragraph is followed by other instructions that would probably work if followed. By that time I imagine many users are at wit's end.) 

To simplify: If a user already has a Stack Exchange OpenID (likely because they have an account on another site) they should be able to use the Sign up tab to sign up for an account or there should be clear instructions on what to do next if they fail. So all looks well. But if you don't confirm the email by clicking on the link sent to your email inbox, the next time you go back to the preferences, you will see your old email address with no indication that it changed.