If the probability for a reward is in fact zero, it does matter if you sacrifice all the life you have for a non-existing reward. 

He assumed that if God exists then 

If the probability for God disliking the behavious is not zero, then you have to weigh more than one infinite expectance values. 

1d. God bases his decision on whether they follow religious law (again, the wager does not work if God does not like people following religious law) 

1c. God bases his decision on whether they believe in him (if this is not the case, the wager does not work, because believing in God or believing in God because of the wager might cause infinite torture) 

It's logically fine if someone believes all the assumptions and then says that it is a good idea to believe. But this person believes in the first place, they do not believe because of the assumptions, they are just happy with their belief because of what they believe. 

So, I'm teaching a course on Scientific Realism in the fall. I wanted to start off with a unit titled "What is a theory?" to make sure all of my students are on the same page and to prepare them for later topics. 

A neutral statement that p would be a statement of p that does not assert p. How to classify it further will depend on your taxonomy of speech acts and whether you're considering the neutral statement to really convey the same proposition. For example, take the statement: 

FURTHER EDIT: Since two of the four answers currently posted are the answerer's own (or at least uncited) ideas, I feel the need to emphasize that this is a reference request. I'm looking for an article that fits the stated criteria. People's own ideas, while perhaps of value, do not help me at all here. 

In sum, I see this not so much as a question of descriptive vs. causal theories of names, but the (admittedly very closely related) question of the rigidity of descriptions. 

In asserting (2), with the parenthetical bit being something understood from context, I would not be committing myself to the truth of (1). 

I am a mathematics student and am curious about how research in philosophy is done. In mathematics, let's say we have a geometric object, this object has various representations and each representation can make it easier to see some specific feature, for example: A geometric object could be the set of zeroes from a system of equations, it could be a set of distances from a certain set of points in a certain way, a category, etc. 

There's also a great book I've found for math: All the mathematics you missed but need to know for graduate school which have small descriptions of some mathematical fields, it would be nice to have an equivalent one for philosophy. 

In there, these are some kinds of most basic methods of research, each one revealing in a certain way. Are there such things in philosophical research? From my naive view until now, it seems that metaphysics, epistemology, ontology, dialetic, logic, etc are these most basic methods and they can be combined to yield additional insights. Is that correct? 

I'm not sure if the tagging is adequate. If not, feel free to correct it. 

The math site I mentioned have a very important formatation for me, it tells me what I need to learn and where I am at the learning process, there are also commentaries on the cited books. At the moment, I'm only acquainted with universities syllabi.