There isn't universal agreement that these passages mean we do not need to keep the Sabbath, but they are widely cited verses. The Matthew 12 passage is also often combined with the nearby passage "The Sabbath was made for man, not man for the Sabbath" to indicate that the Sabbath is not of ultimate importance. 

Fifth (and this is my own speculation) the priests may have wanted Judas present to make sure this wasn't some trick Judas was playing to get the wrong man, or to get his money without actually betraying Jesus. Since Judas would have been needed to get them to the exact place, it makes sense for him to give the identification. 

Jesus, in himself, is the Most High God* and worthy of our worship, praise and adoration. Nothing can change that. John is quite correct to say that he is not worthy to untie his shoes. 

There is a difference between someone's worth, or nature, and their actions. 

I have never heard it explicitly preached that "Jesus is our Sabbath". However there is certainly Christian teaching that God promises a Sabbath rest for his people, apart from the Seventh Day sabbath (sabbaths by the way referred to all kinds of rest and special periods, not just the seventh day). An important passage in this teaching is Hebrews 4:1-13: 

You might consider the analogy of Prince William, who fulfilled the role of a (relatively junior) officer in the Royal Air Force. While fulfilling that role he accepted the orders of his senior officers, and interacted with other officers as an equal; despite the fact that in reality he outranked every one of them. 

The passage is not about suicide. You can tell this because the temptation given to Jesus is: 

*According to most branches of Christianity. 

Those are the sort of thing you will hear if you talk to a 'liberal' Christian about a Jesus who saves. 

Fourth, don't underestimate the symbolism. Maybe God required Judas to betray with a kiss in order to bring home the magnitude of the betrayal. 

That passage doesn't directly address the question of sabbath-keeping on Earth. However other Bible passages do. 

Here are some things to help clarify this situation. 

Thoughtful evangelicals will usually admit that Jesus does more than just rescue us from Hell. He restores our relationship with God and with each other; he saves us from the guilt which our sins have brought us; he heals us in body and mind, from broken-ness brought on not just by our own sin, but by others and by the world around us; he restores creation to the state God intended; he gives us "life in abundance". All of those things can be done not just in the future, but here and now, and all fall under the category of 'healing' or 'wholeness', and therefore also of 'salvation'. And he does them personally for each one of us. 

In other words, Jesus would not be killed by throwing himself off the temple, and the temptation is to demonstrate this. 

While we often use the word 'salvation' as if it was synonymous with 'rescue', in the original languages it doesn't really mean that in a simple way. The word has connections with both 'healing' and 'wholeness'. It would be as reasonable to say that "Jesus heals us" or "Jesus makes us whole" as to say "Jesus saves us". In fact many 'liberal' Christians are driven by a desire to get away from a 'caricatured' Christianity, in which Jesus' only reason for coming was to make sure that we don't go to Hell when we die, and our only purpose on Earth is to tell other people how they can avoid Hell. 

Third, don't underestimate the 'bad light' argument. The torches would not have been modern flashlights, but flickering flames.