The reason there are so few great artists in any discipline is because it's common to have some of the skills and aptitudes needed, but rare to have them all. Nearly everyone starts with some things they excel at, and some things they are horrible at. 

Conversely, and although it may superficially seem a bit trivial for your needs, TV Tropes, the crowdsourced encyclopedia of story elements, is indubitably the most comprehensive collection of common plotlines and tropes ever assembled (although it lacks somewhat in higher organization). It doesn't really matter how much more experience he has than you: if he's asking you to testread, he presumably wants your opinion as a reader. And this case, he didn't provide enough detail for you, the reader, to visualize the setting. If you really have the perfect ending, then the beginning will be implicit in it in some way. Just ask yourself what conditions will be the same at the beginning of the story, and what conditions will be the opposite? What travels in a circle in your plot, and what travels in a straight line? What has to change to transform the conditions of the beginning to the conditions of the end, and how will those changes take place? It seems to me that going down an enumerated list of "attractive" traits is exactly the wrong way to solve this --if it needs to be solved. It may be that your story doesn't required a fully realized love interest for one reason or another. But if that's not the case, you need to create a character you actually find interesting --and NOT just because that person matches your own mental list of for a dream girl or boy. An interesting love interest would be interesting even if he or she wasn't the love interest. Consider the love interest in Almost Famous. What makes her compelling is that she has her own story arc, even including a love interest of her own (that is not the main character). Her story basically stands alone without his. That's a lot of what makes her so attractive to the main character (a thinly disguised stand-in for the writer) and in turn to us, the viewer. Don't do damage to your work if you think the changes they requested are negative, but keep in mind that if they are a reputable publisher, they probably know the market better than you, and may be giving you really good advice. 

As a side note, you'll want to submit exclusively to Italian language publishers and/or agents. There's no possible reason to submit your Italian-language book to an English oriented firm or agent. According to this site there are nearly 300 Italian publishers. 

In your case, you're great at coming up with new ideas, terrible at following them through to completion. There is no shortcut around this, you will have to power through at least one project from start to end. In other words, you have to make an absolute commitment, and stick to it, even at the price at losing out on some good other ideas along the way. It may make it easier, however, if you start with a shorter project. Why not commit to writing a short story, rewriting it, editing it, and at least submitting it for publication BEFORE starting anything new? That way you'll at least have gotten past the psychological block of never having finished anything. 

This is a tech/thriller- how about if the geek faces physical danger as well(something he isnt used to dealing with, as he's only a IT nerd)- the terrorists track him down and send a hit team to take him out? At the same time, the FBI suspects him, and also sends agents to arrest him? 

You need to have another good look at the structure of the novel. Without knowing the genre, I can only guess. Look at the main characters struggle- could you make it harder? So if the hero is searching for alien artifacts in the Amazon, could you have him clash with a group of local smugglers? Such that he is now battling not only the government, but the local mafia as well? Also, the rules of writing still apply- backup your current work, then start banging on the keyboard. Dont worry where the scenes will go, or if they clash with the older ones. Just keep writing till you have your target wordcount, then come back to edit it. Edit: In response to comments: The reason for asking this question was, because I have read far too many articles by "Professor" types who shouted loudly that if you want to be successful, spend a lot of time on character development. I wanted to be sure if there was any truth to this, or is this a "fact" that became true by constant repetition? It doesn't really matter how much more experience he has than you: if he's asking you to testread, he presumably wants your opinion as a reader. And this case, he didn't provide enough detail for you, the reader, to visualize the setting. 

Conversely, and although it may superficially seem a bit trivial for your needs, TV Tropes, the crowdsourced encyclopedia of story elements, is indubitably the most comprehensive collection of common plotlines and tropes ever assembled (although it lacks somewhat in higher organization). 

If you really have the perfect ending, then the beginning will be implicit in it in some way. Just ask yourself what conditions will be the same at the beginning of the story, and what conditions will be the opposite? What travels in a circle in your plot, and what travels in a straight line? What has to change to transform the conditions of the beginning to the conditions of the end, and how will those changes take place? Consider the love interest in Almost Famous. What makes her compelling is that she has her own story arc, even including a love interest of her own (that is not the main character). Her story basically stands alone without his. That's a lot of what makes her so attractive to the main character (a thinly disguised stand-in for the writer) and in turn to us, the viewer.