All the FCC did was repeal a rule it made in 2015. That's it. The Internet is now and has always been the free and open platform we know despite an almost complete vacuum of government regulations of any kind. For the past three decades it has plodded along, doing its thing, and changing the world -- curiously absent of the corporatist apocalypse that Net Neutrality's proponents have been warning us about for years. The answer to your question is all around you. 

Additionally, a lot of rhetoric has been stirred up regarding candidates' past financial dealings, causing some candidates to disclose their federal tax returns. 

Even despite this, the President still has a lot of discretionary funds that he can spend however he pleases. There is also a lot of wiggle room to creatively interpret congressional intent with budget spending. For example, the President can choose to "prioritize" resources on a certain agenda, or "clarify" that funds allocated for 'X' includes (or precludes) spending on 'Y'. This is usually accomplished through Executive Orders. 

The U.S. Constitution, Article 1, Sec. 10 states in part (irrelevant wording removed): 

Your question presumes that China has any right to "respond" to anything. If China flew military planes over Guam or sailed military vessels into the territorial waters surrounding Guam, that would be a bona-fide incursion into U.S. territory. The U.S. wouldn't likely respond with force, but it certainly would be an international incident. 

The free market made the Internet what it is today. Attempts to monopolize and control it aren't new, but they have thus far failed to do so. If they ever do succeed, then we can talk about Net Neutrality. But for now, the term "Net Neutrality" is just a pleasant-sounding euphemism for "Government regulation of the Internet". And the Internet and all of the players on it large and small have shown us, consistently, time and time again, that there is little need of the government's "protection". 

To require any other kind of qualification for the office would require a constitutional amendment. It could not be imposed as a simple matter of law. 

The issue with China is that they have laid claim to nearly the entire South China Sea, an area that covers over 1.4 million square miles (3.5 million sq. km). The legitimacy of that claim is recognized by no one except China. The U.N. Convention on the Law of the Sea (a treaty which 167 countries have signed on to) defines sovereign territorial waters (and airspace) as a zone extending 12 nautical miles from a country's coastline, and an exclusive economic zone up to 200 nautical miles away. China's claim to the South China Sea (the "Nine-Dash Line") extends far, far beyond that. 

US President Barack Obama has acknowledged that civilians have been killed in drone attacks in Muslim nations. Questions. 

Here, there is a phrase: "Secret service name". For Clinton it is "Evergreen" and for Trump it is "Mogul". 

US considers itself as pro-democracy, even intervene other countries internal affairs with excuse of democracy. On the other hand in middle east dictators are US allies. Maybe one can consider Saudi Arabia's government as The worst dictatorship in the world. Even the name of country is in the name of monarch. The name in Arabic is Al-Mamlakah al-Arabiyah as-Sa'ūdiyah, which means the Arabic country related to al-Sa'ūd ( the name of father of monarch is Abdulaziz Al-Sa'ūd). 

Are there limits (age, crime,...) for participation in US elections (Congress, president,...), for people who vote or for candidates? 

The US senate has passed (99 to 0) an extension of the sanctions against Iran. President Obama could veto the bill before it becomes law. The veto can be overridden. 

US dont have any of these problems with Saudi Arabia (King): 

US former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice named Israel’s 2006 aggression against Lebanon as "the birth pangs of a new Middle East". At the time mission failed, but "Arab Spring" was a new opportunity for US (and allies). The new Middle East they want is like this: