Categorical logic is of contemporary interest . An (elementary) topos is a generalisation of set theory (without choice), and its internal logic is higher-order intuitionistic logic. Then the obvious thing to think, is that given the origins of this theoretical development in Maxwells EM, to see corresponding features in its concrete generalisations. And for me there, it was a question of ontology; if one is trained into thinking of mass or energy as basic, this doesn't help - or rather it does somewhat as it's one aspect - in Spinozan language a mode; and in Aristotle, he points to this: Whereas category theory has been mooted as an alternative foundation to matehematics ala ZFC by Lawvere, Vladimir Voevodsky has proposed a new program for a comprehensive, computational foundation for mathematics based on the homotopical interpretation of type theory. 

it is an approach to classification in which units are grouped together based on whether or not they have one or more shared unique characteristics that come from the group's last common ancestor and are not present in more distant ancestors. Therefore, members of the same group are thought to share a common history and are considered to be more closely related. Its born out of taxonomy. The determination of what counts as a unit here is a species which is properly & fruitfully designated as those organisms that can inter-breed with each other. 

(One may see here, a correlative with Susan Sontags Notes on Camp, which posits Camp as being a queer term between the two straight ones - the Serious & the Frivolous). But this doesn't solve the problem of aboutness - how does one find out what a philosophy is about? This is a question of orientation; for example as someone trained in the physical-mathematical traditions of the West, I was interested in things that are, and how they are in the slipstream of time - so hearing that Heidegger Being and Time, is a profound meditation on such-like, I looked at it and was puzzled, irritated and annoyed by its opacity - it's unapproachability. Generally, Maxwells equation are presented as a set of four vector equations; but why four dimensions? Can we generalise for higher - and it turns out we can (using the language of forms), and better the equations simplify to an almost symmetrical pair of equations - so the number of equations have been cut in half (originally Maxwell had twenty equations - so there's been a long process of chipping them down). 

Y es otro, como el rio interminable Did gyre and gimble in the wabe The rhizomatic picture is a philosophical concept devised to fix this obsession with trees. To stop thinking tree right out-of-the-box and think out-of-the-tree and towards some new picture. 

I'm not sure that this is what you are looking for, but Judith Butler is well known as a radical philosopher, however, she points out in this interview, that: homotopy type theory is a new interpretation of martin-lofs intensional constructive type theory. As the natural logic of homotopy, constructive type theory is also related to the notion of a higher topos. It's worth noting too, that the question assumes - or perhaps I am making this assumption - that the primary site of struggle here is national 'governments'; but Homi Bhabha, in his foreword to Fanons Wretched of the Earth, points out: 

You might find Graham Priests book The Limits of Thought helpful in refining your question. Priest argues that A philsophical riposte to these claims can come from Bergson: 

Interestingly, Cohens forcing construction can then be given a geometric description. Also, if (the axiom of ) Choice is enforced, then it forces the logic to become classical. 

iteration (infinite regresses in Zeno, Aristotle and Liebniz) Still, its not an impossibility with enough ingenuity; for example Parfitt uses literary techniques from SF (cloning) to discuss a particular problem in the philosophy of mind (its unity and coherence over time and space). 

One can speculate, that the world is also mirrored in us physically; we open our eyes, we see; we see a world that is but what is there; this mirror is in our genealogy, not personally, as such, but in our evolutionary genealogy; the mirroring occurring through millenia. The second development is to notice that light has a hidden symmetry - a circle; this can be made a little more explicit if you view light as a travelling wave with transverse components of a magnetic and electric field. Now, looking at the traditional classification of languages, philologists have determined several trees. The Indo-European, Semetic or Sinitic language families. But of course there is word adoption, algebra from al-jabr, sin from sinus etc; meaning drift such as gay as in happy to gay as in queer. That is again intensities, connections, divisions and history are missing. The Unity is said to be the Mystery 

Judith Butler is a prominent gender & queer theorist, and her most famous text is gender trouble, where she examines the performativity of gender and looks at the work of feminist thinkers Simone de Beauvoir & Luce Irigaray. 

It's Hegels metaphysics that informs his inquiry into alienation: men, being what they are, participate in spirit; and their opposition then, is the opposition of spirit; now, a whole spirit, like the spirit of a single man, cannot be against itself unless it is ignorant of its own self and the good of its own self; likewise, Hegelian spirit acts against itself as it's ignorant of its own self, which it will be as it's still unfurling its own being towards absolute knowledge.