Before I create my protagonists and antagonists, I usually look for the issue of their contention. For the story to have fluidity and broad scope, that issue needs to be somewhat morally nebulous. There needs to exist several distinct and opposing points of view, each of which owns at least part of the moral high ground. 

Now during this story neither character has changed their behavior at all. They are both behaving exactly as they did when we first met them. But as we, the readers have learned more about what is going on, our interpretation, of who each of these people is, has radically changed. Our perspective has changed even though the characters have not. An additional option is to shift the moral compass of the story during the telling. If your story begins from a world view that celebrates Al's friendly generosity and warm kindness, but then slowly reveals bigger world issues which repaint that generosity as foolishness or worse yet deceitfulness; and if simultaneously, the reveal also justifies Bob's attitude, lending nobility and valor to what originally seemed self-serving; then you will get your juxtaposition of roles without having to change the fundamental nature of either of your characters. Your third design explores a variation on the second design in which your chosen hero's choice is actually the wrong one and leads to disaster. Plots in which decision makers make disastrous mistakes is so common that it has its on genre, Tragedies. There are library isles full of stories which follow this design. The nebulous nature of the issue of contention facilitates growth and change on all sides of the conflict. President Alma Coin in the third book of Hunger Games is a great example of a covert criminal mastermind (as described in your first design). 

All of that having been said, and to actually answer your question, Yes there are many examples of initial heroes serving as the antagonist over the course of the story and each of your story designs have been used to this end. ...and there are many, many more. 

Now as the story unfolds, the reader learns that Bob and Al are both spies; the advanced guard of an approaching army which will soon lay siege to the city. They have been sent ahead to gather information about the city's defenses and about any super humans who might live there. Al is pursuing his duties diligently but Bob has been having second thoughts about being a part of any evil army. He was trained to be just as outgoing and friendly as Al, but he is currently not sure whether that is the right thing to do. After much alone time and self contemplation, he decides to warn the city about the approaching army and join in on its defense. He goes on to be the savior of the city and the hero of the tale. 

Beyond building empathy, you can postpone most readers' judgement of your character by making her aware that this anger and regret are personal faults which need to be healed. Have her struggle to overcome them and to consciously change the way that she sees the world. Most readers will tolerate a little pathetic in their heroes, as long as there is some foreshadowing of the growth which is soon to come.