As for risk of injury the only time I would rather be on true road bike is a 50 mph road decent. But I am 50 years old - I don't 50 mph decents. 

If not a mountain bike but the style of road bike. A racing bike with narrow tires is not going to be as agile or forgiving as a more upright position with larger tires. 

This Salsa below is a bike I bought to CX race but I just did not feel as comfortable on it so I race the above Bianchi. The Bianchi is softer and not as quick. As a commuter and light touring this Salsa is an awesome bike. Other than spend a lot more money on a Moots there is not other commuter I would rather have. I picked this up used for $1600 US. It is light enough to get up and go and strong enough to take a beating and titanium does not rust. And it will take a rack. I also have a steel Salsa Vaya that I use for shopping but even at just a few pounds difference this bike way nicer for light commuting. I like 35 mm tires for daily commuting. 

CF takes criticism as it fails brittlely which is true but it takes a lot to get it to fail. 

Can you upgrade an existing bike to satisfy the need? Would a second set of wheels let you bridge the gap. Like a set of road wheels for cyclocross. 

New chain as a worn chain will wear the cassette as it is stretched and does not match up. If the chain is severely worn it may even jump. 

Based on your comment I think you are confusing CD with area Drag = CD x Area x Velocity x Velocity 

I like a cyclocross bike fit with touring tires for commuting but maybe not the optimal for you. 

On an 85° grade you would approach terminal velocity for a sky diver of about 120 mph. 

If the pads are hard then new soft pads will help. 

Define safe. Are you just worried it will fail or that you will get hurt? 

r1 / r2 = 2^1/3 = 1.26 = velocity1 / velocity2 

Sheldon geometry of cantilever brakes 

With cantilever you would have the option of running larger touring tires in the future. 

A local bike store (LBS) will help you out with fit and selection. You can get some decent new bikes for $600. 

If it jams into the rear wheel it might cause you to get hurt. If pedals jammed might cause you to fall then yes in that respect you could get hurt. 

OK you are not a rock and you are on a bicycle. Same forces at work. 

Could be as simple as tired of trading out pedals. I had have mountain I used for walking the dog and actual trail riding. I saw the mountain bike I wanted at great price and just retired the current to dog walker and short city rides with full time flat pedals. 

gravity / wind resistance = c3 * r 

If I had 4 bikes I need to use as step stools I would go with this order (and I really have all but aluminum): 1) steel 2) titanium 3) carbon fiber (CF) 4) aluminum