(1) to Prepare the US Army which when WWII began in 1939 was about the size of Belgium or Portugals military. (2) To work with the large and irrational isolationist political leadership who made up of roughly half of the U.S. legislature. (3) To keep Britain and then the USSR in the war, even if it mean breaking US laws. (4) To silence the very popular American First movement. Don't take my words for it. Hear Roger B. Taney the 5th chief justice of the supreme courts words: 

President Johnson in 1963 still had never won a national election. He had never even competed in a national election as head of the ticket. Now he was President, Leader of the political machine which Kennedy had built; only the Kennedy's hated him. So five days after President Kennedy was shot; on Nov 27, 1963; as the entire country mourned, on national TV, in his first address to a joint session of congress; President Johnson ties the legacy of the dead president and the 1964 civil rights bill to his own campaign for President. 

Abolitionists from the 1830-1870 Inspired by the Second Great Awakening. General Fox Connor happened. In 1921 General Connor was looking for a bright young officer to be his chief of staff for his new command in the Panama Canal Zone. Eisenhower was recommended to General Fox Connor by a mutual friend George Patton. Eisenhower and Connor met for the first time at Patton's home at a dinner organized for that purpose and General Connor was impressed. There were a few problems however. 

The second occurred after Jackson left office. His Vice President and friend, Martin Van Buren was just sworn in as the next president and Jackson is asked by a reporter if he has any regrets after his 8 years in office. 

Yes originally under the Articles of Confederation(March 1, 1781) which was the first attempt to form a union by the 13 colonies. Absolutely the "Union" was intended to be originally a loose confederation where the federal government had no revenue streams except those which unanimously were agreed upon by the states. This article was so weak the federal government could not even pay the interest on it's war debt, much less defend itself with a standing army. The failure of the Articles of Confederation is the reasons why James Madison and George Washington advocated for the passing of the stronger document with a stronger federal government, including an executive and the right to tax; the Constitution. Madison being a primary author, and Washington being the documents highest profile supporter, and President of the Constitution convention(1787). Thirdly nations don't own patents, individuals do. and the program you are eluding to, Operation Paper Clip, targeted those individuals, as well as the technology. So the United States weren't content in just grabbing all the V-2 rockets it could get its hands on, they likewise recruited the scientists who had built them.