If you parse "ex communicate" as meaning something close to the original Latin -- outside of the {faith} community -- the person so doubting and objectively professing rejection of the dogma has removed him/herself from the faith community. Once one turns away from the Church, it is a short distance to turn away from God, and willful turning away from God is taught as the path to damnation. I. The life of man - to know and love God Demanding that one receive a special message identical to Paul's from God is to deeply misunderstand the relationship between man and God, and in so doing step smartly into the deadly sin of pride. 

How people respond to such a challenge, if their belief encounters doubts, will vary. Some will respond via prayer, some through learning, some via pastoral counseling, some by just ignoring it, some by leaving for other paths. (And various combinations of the above, and much more). 

Issuing Ultimatums to God The question as asked infers a particular attitude vis a vis the relationship between man and God. 

Jesus used to chastise the Pharisees and Sadducees about their being so wrapped up in the letter of the law, while he tried to turn them toward the spirit of the law. (The Gospels are loaded with examples, pick one). You could do worse than to so engage (in a loving way) with your friend, using Jesus' example as a point of departure. The cross is (among other things) a symbol of suffering for righteousness' sake. The allusion in the above passage includes the expectation that in following His Way, burdens and troubles will attend. One of those troubles is doubt. From all of the above, we can be comfortable concluding that Grace wasn't necessary until the Fall and its consequences. Ample gifts had already been given from the beginning, irrespective of Grace, and a chance to keep the gifts through obedience. (Per Genesis). 

In the same way by being with the Lord every day, having himself been given gifts to preach and to cast out demons when the Apostles were sent out two by two, Judas had 'tasted of the heavenly gift'. Judas was made 'partaker of the Holy Ghost'. Judas certainly 'tasted the good word of God, and the powers of the world to come'. However, Judas was a bad field that did not produce a good crop and was never 'saved'. Therefore, as Judas 'fell away' it was really not possible to 'renew him again unto repentance' seeing that in his unforgivable rejection of eternal life, Judas was 'crucifying the Son of God afresh' leading him into the bowels of hell, which he himself under the horrible misery of sin cast his own life into. 

Both propitiation and expiation are implied by each other in the removal of guilt. An angry God is no longer angry when guilt is transferred to another in propitiation. The stain of guilt is wiped away from expiation. Both propitiation and expiation are meaningless terms unless the removal of guilt in understood in each. 

Catholics do not believe in justification in this sense. To them justification is a lifelong process but when one is first justified, it is just the first moment of sanctification. In other words in Protestant terms there is no justification, only sanctification and if you finally die in a justified state, your are just and will enter heaven. However, as mentioned, the word justification can be used as the first moment of sanctification, whereby through external baptism into the church the sinful nature is weakened to such a degree that holiness is first implanted into the soul. It is the point where original sin is removed however there is no perfection granted to a sinner prior to actual holiness, rather the actual holiness infused into the soul is the thing that justifies you, i.e your sanctification or holiness and works. In other words, in Protestant terms you are saved by your own holiness, or works of the law, but these come from something Catholics also call grace. Therefore under a Catholic view you still say in a different sense that you are 'only saved by grace' and 'faith'. Protestants will understand that Catholic 'grace' is a confusing terms for what Protestants call works. One book that deals heavily with the difference between Airman concepts of original sin and Calvinist concepts is from John Owen entitled 'A display of Arminianism' in the Works of John Owen Volume VII. 

Third, a person with faith has the Spirit of God, which means at a minimum they value God above all other things. It is impossible to genuinely believe in hell, one’s proper eternal damnation for the least sin and eternal salvation offered by simple faith in Christ and not secretly value Christ above any other thing. It is not rational to believe Christ and at the same time not value him above all things. Even the weakest believer must value Christ above all or they have never had any faith whatsoever.