(Unless you are Trump. All bets are off there, it's a hate-hate relationship, he even ticked off Fox News, for better variety :). 

Adams' side retorted with high-brow: 

And the above paragraph links to the same exact list of voter IDs allowed as in Step 2 above. Step 2-Alternate: Vote by mail. As a bonus, you can avoid the pains of showing up at the polls, and vote by mail. Let's see if the requirements for that are any more stringent, courtesy of California Secretary of State web page: That depends entirely on context. There are some narrow circumstances where the answer is "yes", but in vast majority of situations, thanks to 1st Amendment proections, the answer would be "no" 

More than 3 months, and the honeymoon periods discussed above are over In politics, the claim is that FDR originated the term, by referring to (accidentally being exactly 100 day long) period of 73rd Congress session that created the New Deal. Ironically, that was NOT FDR's first 100 days as President. 

Leaving aside legal angle, it definitely would cost a wealthy president a ton of political capital to be accused of doing things that enrich himself. Doesn't even matter if the accusations are accurate - that never stopped a good smear campaign from sticking. 

As such, if the refugees detained by Australia in Nauru and Papua New Guinea are from those 7 countries, they would be subject to the new order. Otherwise no. 

More wonderful accusations of the sort familiar to 2000s ("infidel", "fool", "no god", etc) can be found in this article - there were just too many pearls (with citations) to quote here, so make sure to read them all. Federal Reserve board and its chairman qualify. They are appointed by the President but aren't controlled by or firable by him subsequently. 

Yes, in theory it's pretty easy to do (although, of course, as RCB's answer notes, it is illegal). This was covered by research by Casey Dominguez, Department of Political Science at UCB. There are two different papers he published on the topic: 

As noted above, in California you don't need an ID # and the state will assign one to you if you don't provide one. This is confirmed by California-specific instructions on the form itself (page 4) 

The important part is that California's driver's license is OPTIONAL, and you can simply provide last 4 digits of SSN (which of course an illegal can make up) or even leave empty. You are NOT required to submit an ID by California. Now, then there are specific instructions for registering to vote by mail: Putin (from experience) perceives Obama and Clinton as weak, considering all the losses they sufferer playing geopolitical chess against Putin for the last 8 years, since that idiotic button Clinton wore. Partly, even for quick achievables, you only have so much bandwidth as administration, so you won't have a large and nice list to point to for a first week or two. 2. A "honeymoon period" with the Press coverage. Quoting from Dimonguez's paper above, in prior research (this is mentioned in both papers) b. starts to cover up something more innocuous and get caught in - and punished for - the coverup (Nixon had that happen to him). Remember, it's not the transgression; it's the cover-up. Does he have a big enough political influence with the right audience that he can use the bully pulpit to convince the show financers (advertisers, or companies financing it on cable) to pull the backing from the show? 

Step 2: Voting The second line of defense against voting illegally is usually the state level requirement that those who registered to vote by mail and never voted before show some ID when going to vote the first time. Let's see how California handles this, as noted in California's Secretary of State web page: 

Note the "either" - meaning it's enough to present a proof from #2. So what's included? Things like: 

http://blogs.wsj.com/economics/2011/12/15/fire-bernanke-not-so-fast-mr-gingrich/ Depends how you define "Government". 

Additionally, I'm pretty sure that, if the President goes far enough to do this; they run a high chance of impeachment on 1st Amendment grounds. The support for freedom of speech - as a theoretical concept - has pretty broad bipartisan support, even if in practice both sides are quite happy to do things that are in clear violation of the 1st Amendment spirit ("Fairness doctrine", for example). I wasn't able to find any conclusive proof, but following Wikipedia links, there appear to be two "scholarly" speculations: