Additionally, the poll results back the first part of my answer, that Republican base - or for that matter, independents - doesn't trust reporters - especially when covering Trump. 

For reference, in many industries, sending material non-public information over non-corporate email is grounds for termination for cause. 

DNC wants the country to be the way France is now. 

This can be direct favors (pork etc...), political favors (I'll appear with you on fundraisers; I'll put in good word for you with Party bigwigs, I'll support some legislation you care about), or less direct political favors (I'll let you network with my bundlers, I'll take personal interest in a career of someone you care about), etc... 

Note the interesting thing: the trust in media is somewhat similar (negligible 42 to 40% drop - within error margin; meaning that Trump didn't have much of an effect). 

Veterans for a Strong America has filed a lawsuit against the State Department over potential violations of FOIA. Joel Arends, chairman of the non-profit group, explained to the Washington Examiner that their FOIA request over the Benghazi affair specifically asked for any personal email accounts Secretary Clinton may have used: “'At this point in time, I think we're the only ones that specifically asked for both her personal and government email and phone logs,' Arends said of his group's Benghazi-related request.” 

There are several main differences between passports from, say, Ukraine, and Dominica: 

Some soldiers who served with Bergdahl have called him a deserter 

SCORE: 4 fully supported (#3,#4,#5,#6). #2 supported 50%. Definite no: #1 

The common perception is that Trump administration is less antagonistic to Russia than, say, Republican congressional leadership, or the latter-day Obama administration (we won't digress into the "reset button" events of the earlier Obama years). 

Alienation (right to transfer the good to others) 

Media and pundits will talk about what the President wants to bring up. Well, sometimes. School lunches weren't even a thing until Michelle Obama started highlighting them - and she's not even a POTUS but FLOTUS. 

It's not (I'm Jewish and neither myself nor family members who actually lived through Holocaust find it in any way objectionable), except to people who view it through a partisan confirmation bias. 

Also, Languages section on Wikipedia says: 

Democrats only fit #1 and #3 fully. They don't fit #2 at all, their leadership doesn't fit #6 at all and doesn't really fit #4 for real either despite all the peacenick talk; and they are accused by right wing of not fitting #5. 

This contrasts with Sunni goals, which are not fulfilled in the least (get Western influence out of Arabian peninsula and Muslim world in general; and lately, to establish Caliphate). 

The only extra caveat is that Democrats as an official party won't be a good fit for #6 due to their leadership, as mentioned before, being a fully owned subsidiary of entertainment industry and thus strongly pro-IP, so #6 is thrown out along with #2 for Democrats as an organized party. 

Direct law enforcement / intelligence. 

Yeah, I suppose there will be indignation from the usual suspects (if the "news headlines" popup from Yahoo! news on my phone, timely showing just 5 minutes ago, is any indication). But seriously, does anyone really expect anyone to stop voting for Trump based on this (or to suddenly decide to vote for Hillary if they were undecided)?