The idea that anyone could take on a different form than their own is nonsensical within Platonic thought2. A god attempting to become a man is the equivalent of attempting to "draw a circle that is square" as Cody Gray suggests in the comments to the question. But Paul is trying to express an idea about God that is completely novel: a god that has power to change even his own form. Elsewhere, Paul admits this concept of God appears foolish. (4) Either A or B exists, but not both If you could show (1) is correct, then (2) is also correct via (3). But you can't prove (1) if (2) is correct unless you assert something like: Since every mind will be disrupted by a unique set of interference, one solution to the problem of knowing if an explanation is rational or not is to submit it to a collection of minds in some public forum (such as this one!) where it can be analyzed. Presumably the consensus of many minds will eliminate the most common forms of bias. Problems with this approach are left as an exercise for the reader! This is the exclusive "or", which is much harder to show than the usual inclusive "or" found in (3). Binary choices are common in artificial environments (such as computers), but are more difficult to assert in cases where binary choices are not common. In the real world, it's harder to assert something like: either God exists or evil exists, but not both. It's not immediately clear that propositions in the form (4) are to be preferred over propositions of the form (3). Intuitively, we'd assume the reverse. While machines can clearly alter the nature of work and redistribute labor, can they globally "replace" labor? All other arguments aside, doesn't this ultimately violate the laws of entropy? After all, "life" is the only "perpetual motion machine," and without humans all machines would quickly cease to output "work." Ideally self-perpetuating machinery like the Von Neumann Replicator or Maxwell's Demon remain mathematical and "frictionless." While I agree generally with all of the above observations, and find such arguments generally annoying, they can have a certain rational force in certain circumstances, and I am wondering why. Note 2. I am having a temporary Java-script issue preventing use of "Comments," so may comment or inquire about answers later. At the same time, this very example is historically not the case. Since "marriage" was once quite strictly defined as a sacrament between a man and a woman, we now have any number of "married bachelors." "To assume any law, even divine, applies to every person, in every time, in every situation, even though not explicitly stated, is an assumption not grounded in evidence, and fallacious reasoning." Now In2 proposes B1 + B2 - B1 = B2. She has effectively doubled the number of possible beliefs and then negated one. Even if she gives no good reason, In1 now has 50% less reason to believe only B1. In information terms, the number of possibilities to be rationally reduced to "certainty" has doubled. Moreover, In2 has implied that there is some blackbox "reason" for B2, assuming they are two agents "reasoning" with one another. She implies that new evidence arose as time passed. By the principle of sufficient reason, there should indeed be some "reason" for the appearance of the new belief B2. Since In1 and In2 are already "reasoning," there is a non-negligible chance that she may have some "valid reason" for the new B2. The idea that anyone could take on a different form than their own is nonsensical within Platonic thought2. A god attempting to become a man is the equivalent of attempting to "draw a circle that is square" as Cody Gray suggests in the comments to the question. But Paul is trying to express an idea about God that is completely novel: a god that has power to change even his own form. Elsewhere, Paul admits this concept of God appears foolish. Does this mean He is nonsensical? Not obviously. He may, of course, choose to be sensible to humanity. Vinko Vrsalovic suggested about this paragraph that it's the same or equivalent to "It is inconsistent as seen from a logical framework." to quote Lennart Regebro's answer. I disagree. Consider this example: I have the power to jump off a high building, cut my wrists and crash my car into a wall at 100 MPH. But I don't do these things because I chose not to. Or suppose I had the ability to tread water forever. That doesn't mean I must always demonstrate that power. Or to put things another way, God has the power to break the rules of logic, but for whatever reason doesn't. Whatever his purposes may be, they do not include the need to make a stone he cannot move. But (1) has nothing to say about (2) and vice versa, so you need to add another proposition. Perhaps: If you buy into inductive logic, flying horses do not exist because their is no evidence for them. We can never be 100% sure of that statement because a single counterexample would invalidate all other evidence, but we can be mostly certain which is good enough for most purposes. Since every mind will be disrupted by a unique set of interference, one solution to the problem of knowing if an explanation is rational or not is to submit it to a collection of minds in some public forum (such as this one!) where it can be analyzed. Presumably the consensus of many minds will eliminate the most common forms of bias. Problems with this approach are left as an exercise for the reader! If you could show (1) is correct, then (2) is also correct via (3). But you can't prove (1) if (2) is correct unless you assert something like: