Cardinal Siri complained of the August heat saying cardinals were dying of asphyxiation because all the widows were blacked shut, although the reason was security rather than discomfort. He rebelled and ordered them opened. Colour returned to the faces of the moribund. In past centuries his protestations would have been ignored. Whether the conditions influenced the outcome or not, the conclaves of August and October 1978 lasted only 2 and 3 days respectively. Ref To misquote2 Corinthians 11 22; if Paul was descended from Jonathan so was everyone else. Pope Calixtus I, who died around 222, permitted the marriage of high born women to men of a lower class, and even to slaves. This was contrary to Roman law, so the Pope was recognising as validly married people who by law were not married, and could not be married. Melanchthon was in the habit, when writing letters, of giving not just the date of writing but something special about that date in history or scripture (as assumed at the time). He refers, on 31st October, to the Posting of the Theses on the church as occurring on that date in letters he wrote in 1552, 1553, 1554, 1555, 1558 and 1559. (He died in 1560.) The principal source for the story of the nailing of the theses is in the preface to an edition of Luther's Latin works, penned by Philip Melanchthon shortly after Luther's death in 1546. In it Melanchthon, Luther's very close friend and confidant, says: Footnote 459 quotes Wolfius as saying that Origen and Eusebius knew nothing of Paul going to Spain, and again this is indeed in JCW's Curae in reference to that particular verse. The next few elections were conducted expeditiously and the rules were relaxed in 1351. Luther's reservations about indulgences were already known in Wittenberg. He had previously preached on them. At least as regards Tetzel, the Wittenberg authorities was united in regarding him as a grave threat. The Elector Frederick had accumulated a very large collection of relics and these were exhibited in the Castle Church, for a fee, twice a year. This was on All Saints Day and Low Monday (the 9th day of Easter). Venerating such a large number of relics at once was held to bring huge benefit in remitting any temporal penalties of sin remaining after repentance, confession and absolution. There were so many relics that it is said venerating them together was equivalent to doing penance for 1,902,202 years and 270 days. Frederick had invested a great deal of money in accumulating the relics, with the intention of providing a source of income for the university he had founded in Wittenberg. Wittenberg did very well from the twice yearly pilgrims who came to see the relics, and the locals understood the religious imperative to repent, confess and receive absolution prior to viewing them. Footnote 164, in relation to chapter 5 verse 12, refers to a quote from Wolfius on Rabbi Moses Tranensis - this Moses is indeed mentioned in JCW's Curae when dealing with that particular verse. Pope Leo the Great (pontificated from 440 to 460) wrote many letters, including one to the French bishop Rusticus, in which he answers a number of questions put to him, the sixth of which was: