My advice is that you consult a sports medicine specialist, for example a physiotherapist, especially one who specializes in knees. The Vittoria Rubino tires you are using have similar wet grip to what I use (dry grip will be the same). The pressures you quote are good. Sitting up more, with hands on the tops. Your hands can be close to the middle or wider to the corners. You'll find each position puts your wrist in a slightly different position. Attach any toys using a short string. Without a string they'll get lost on the first ride. If the string is too long they'll get tangled in the wheels. Many old catalogs have been digitized and can be found in a similar way. Now you've scientifically demonstrated (with known assumptions) what you'll get for your money. It might be better to just train more. When my kids were small, I used a general purpose touring frame for this job. It has more relaxed geometry than a road bike, mudguards (fenders), wider tires, and SPD pedals. It's also heavier, which is an advantage for this application. In an earlier version of this post I suggested Voltaren, recommended for me by my physio. I think that was unwise of me - you should obtain professional medical advice. Voltaren is an anti-inflammatory drug, available under prescription in the US. Some researchers warn against it's use. Palms further back, with some fingers either side of the "horn" of the brifter. You can not easily operate brakes from this position. Good for variety. Can alleviate discomfort. There is no tool that I know of that solves your problem for you. There are many factors involved in working this out, which is why many people would say this is opinion based, and others say When the kids were reaching the weight limit of the seat (18 kg IIRC) they were big enough to ride on a trailer-bike such as (Set it up properly with the seat at the correct height and angle). Your second point, re stability. I'd argue that stability is as much a factor of the bike as the speed. One of the big differences you would notice between, say, a $1000 road bike and a $15000 bike would be stability. A lower end bike should be pretty stable, but will have limitations on performance. A higher-end bike will perform better but will also require more skill to handle. I have observed this to be true regardless of speed - high-end bikes are more responsive and therefore more "twitchy" (I'm thinking of stability here as how easy it is to control the bike). Its a bit like going for a ride on a donkey and going for a ride on a thoroughbred. There are sites such as The Sufferfest who do videos designed for trainers. I suspect there will be a bunch of these sites, you've probably found some already. Guy Martin is obviously a decent cyclist, but you should note that his record-breaking ride occurred under very special conditions. For starters, he built his own frame (or rather Jason Rourke built it for him). Next, he chose exactly where the run would take place - on sand flats. And not least he was towed in order to get up towards top speed, which dramatically reduced air resistance. So in summary in a place with occasional hills, a double chainset will probably suffice. But definitely worth considering the "compact" option too to give yourself maximum flexibility. Recently I got a pair of really nice mid section wheels (Zipp 303 firecrest disc). Last time I was riding them, I noticed a "wooshing" sound when cornering hard and certain times while just riding fast. If it is the airflow over deep section wheel hoops thats "wooshing", does that mean a less turbulent airflow, i.e. that of the 303's vs an alloy hoop, can and does generate more noise than a less aerodynamic wheel with more turbulent airflow? I'd start by raising the stack height a bit so that you lean on your wrists with less weight; your position will be more upright and less aerodynamic. Along with this, make sure your saddle is properly adjusted for height. I'm beginning to see manufactures making carbon hubs and am wondering if they have the potential to perform better than conventional metal hubs or if they are just a way to save a couple of grams of weight, possibly at the expense of performance. Giant told me that the x/y/z referred to shoulder/centre/shoulder hardness - so you get more grip as you move away from the centre. The main difference between road and cx are the tyres, in particular their width. Typically on the road you'll ride 23 or 25mm slick tyres, for cyclocross, you're looking more at 35mm or so, with a tread pattern on them. By this do you mean pedalling when unnecessary (and without increasing the bike's speed), for example, on descents? looking at your bike, which I basically see as a alu-105 setup (albeit a good setup, Felts are lovely bikes), I can suggest a few things but right away I'll say I don't think there is a "magic bullet". In no particular order: There are sites such as The Sufferfest who do videos designed for trainers. I suspect there will be a bunch of these sites, you've probably found some already. Clipless pedal systems use a special pedal, plus something called a cleat. The cleat is is attached to a special shoe, designed specifically for road cycling, using some bolts, and the pedal and cleat basically bind together to secure the foot. For the most part, cleats will fit any road-cycling shoe, but there are exceptions here so it is something you need to check.