One supposes that there are actually laws of nature - that these laws of physics approximate in some way. The Isha Upanishad has something interesting to say about this: 

In this essay by Phil Shields, Wittgenstein & Silence he relates the following story: 

Yet it seems to me that it's an assumption that is smuggled in with the very notion of what Physicalism means. To then go on to say that it proves such a thing is to mistake consequences for assumptions. For H, existence isn't a matter of deduction, mathematical or otherwise: In the West, because of the recent (since the enlightenment) secularisation & desacralisation project in elite intellectual circles its not usually realised how connected the Western tradition is connected to the form of their religion - Christianity - 2 millenia of Christianity will have left its mark. There are obvious figures like Pascal & Aquinas, but Kant & Hegel in part philosophise because of religion. 

Now if a physical system is modelled intuitionistically, and suppose every physical event is modelled intuitionistically; then dually it must be also modelled paraconsistently. He also has a systematic account of Aristotles categories which he places on a foundation via his philosophy. 

To say 1=1 does not express identity because there is a spatial difference between the left and right is confusing the thing with the symbol that denotes it. The number one is identical with itself. Of course a serious issue arises over how symbols denote things, and there is much debate over this. Frege held that names are a kind of abbreviated definite description, but this is only one of many accounts of the meaning of names. Classically, there is no difference. Identity is a two place predicate which has the value true if its arguments are numerically identical and false otherwise. One can write such a predicate as Identical(x,y) or one can write it as x=y. The latter is just 'syntactic sugar' that makes sentences easier to read, but it expresses the same thing. This is the way identity is employed in logic, in particular in predicate logic, and by extension in mathematics. Frege, Quine, Geach and Dummett are all worth studying on this subject. The SEP article on identity is a helpful introduction. 

There are plenty of contexts (intensional contexts) in which identity relations appear to violate the indiscernibility of identicals. For example, "Mary knows that George Orwell wrote 1984" might be true, while "Mary knows that Eric Blair wrote 1984" might be false (even though George Orwell = Eric Blair). In general what this means is that while a given identity relation might correspond to a purely extensional equivalence in a particular logic, there might be a more expressive logic in which that identity relation is not extensional. 

However the binary choice between the mere 'hypothesis', and the fully qualified and definitive word 'theory' seems, at least to me quite crude; certainly qualifiers are used: for example, toy theories, where on might describe a theory of gravity in three dimensions rather than four - as a toy theory. As Dorfman points out below, its not a given that underlying reality can be expressed in mathematical form. Verlinde, inventor of Entropic Gravity has stated same in an interview. (I'd provide a link but I forget where I saw it). In the West, because of the recent (since the enlightenment) secularisation & desacralisation project in elite intellectual circles its not usually realised how connected the Western tradition is connected to the form of their religion - Christianity - 2 millenia of Christianity will have left its mark. There are obvious figures like Pascal & Aquinas, but Kant & Hegel in part philosophise because of religion. 

Can arithmatic when codified by the first-order Peano Axioms recreate the transfinite (cardinal) hierarchy of Set Theory (ZFC)? 

Philosophically, that is metaphysically, that is after or before physics - one can consider whether the true laws of physics - the ones that physics aim at - are they fixed or not. This is a tricky question. First the laws may be fixed but our descriptions of them may vary. Secondly they may be fixed but we may never know this - since there is no reason per se that new laws come into existence at higher and higher energies. Perhaps there is a law whose effect is only apparent at energies close to the big bang.