Or as a determined fatwa (of Ayatollah Khamenei -a Shia scholar or Marja’al-Taqlid- : Based on what you asked, I didn’t find the precise verse as what you mentioned. Even apparently there is not such a verse as much as I make research. (Although there would be an answer for it was really was available). In the meantime, as @Medi said: 

I mean: is it recommended(mustahab)? Or Makrooh (it means better not to do)? It can be considered as an acceptable matter by noting it as A MIRACLE OF THE PROPHET (pbuh) that Prophet Muhammad put his tongue in his grandson in order to feed him… , not as what is said somehow else. 

On the other hand, according to the holy Quran (Surah A'raaf), honoring/respecting the prophet is regarded as a character of Mo'menin (believes/faithfuls), so, such celebrating of the Prophet's birthday can be regarded as a kind of honoring his importance/greatness when he is not available now. Consequently, even logically, such celebrating would be a type of keeping alive his greatness/name which in practice can be equal to honoring the prophet who is not currently available to us (from an aspect). 4: dis-opposition with the items that Imamiah have Ijma’ and Itifaq. 

And likewise other items and the document of the narration will be specified in accordance with the result (as the right hadith, authentic, goodness, or even weak ... 

As much as I researched, I found some texts (such as: www.afkarnews.ir) which indicates that apparently the Meher (dowry) of Hadhrat Fatimah-al-Zahra (as the wife of Imam Ali (a.s.) was a military armor. 

The psychologists emphasize on kissing the children. In other word, according to psychologists, kissing the children has positive effects on them. 

Secondly, based on my research/perception, celebrating the birth of the Prophet (peace be upon him and his family) cannot be considered as a Bid'ah or sinful practice, and even it can be a good/profitable practice. But why? In regarding to the main inquiry which asked “Why Matam by Shias when maximum mourning period is 4 months?”, there would be some various responses from different aspects. Let's survey it briefly from some aspects. Definitely pointing to Qur'an verse(s)/ayah would be sufficient to prove the issue. Let’s pay attention to the verse 84 and 85 of Surah Yusuf as two related matters: 

And he turned away from them and said, "Oh, my sorrow over Joseph," and his eyes became white from grief, for he was [of that] a suppressor. (84) (Note: please submit your references based on authentic hadiths)