I'd really recommend that you 1. read some books written by others who have gone through what you and your daughter are going through (do some research on a rated system like Amazon to find books that others found helpful, be sure to read the reviews to find out why they liked it), and 2. find a good counselor. The physical attacks need to be addresses immediately and you may need some support in order to deal with them in a positive and effective way. 

Because both our children were adopted my husband and I have read a lot of the books and stories that explain how it feels to be an adopted child. All of them eventually have to deal with this basic anger/insecurity. They ask "why didn't they want me?" Sometimes they will react with violence against those who love them, and it may be that in doing so your daughter is asking you to prove that you will love her "no matter what". That "no matter what" expresses a fear that is at the heart of each adopted child's psyche. They were "discarded" once; what is to say that you won't do the same? So they behave badly because if they are going to lose you they want to get it over with. Their anger is fueled by terror. 

His particular chore is to do the dishes. He is expected to have the dishes done and clean up the kitchen area and run the dishwasher every night before he watches any TV or plays computer games. He, like your son, is terrible at "remembering" to do his chores, so we will periodically have to take the cell phone away for a day or two as a reminder that we shouldn't have to be nagging him every day to get it done. After he loses the phone he's usually good at remembering for a day or two and them goes back to forgetting. He's only twelve, though, so we don't expect much different. We have committed to just calmly having expectations and delivering consequences when he does not live up to the bargain. 

Maybe you could offer some sweet treat that you don't like him to have normally (if you have all stars on your report card I will take you to Baskin Robbins for ice cream). Or an outing (all stars gets you a trip to the bouncy house). Or a choice (all stars means you get to pick where we go out to dinner on our Saturday lunch). Offer lesser versions of the rewards for lesser performance. 

Dr Sears has some advice on how to deal with disruption in school (http://www.parenting.com/article/ask-dr-sears-disruptive-in-school). 

In all likelihood, she was exposed to some kind of abuse before she was put up for adoption (unless you adopted her as a newborn?). And even if she was adopted as a baby, as she becomes old enough to comprehend that her birth family "gave her away" she will have issues to deal with. 

My daughter is a hoarder. She once saved 200 pennies (averaging a little over 1 per day) and decided she wanted to spend it on a vacation to Disneyland for the whole family. Eventually her hoard got so large I was spray painting nickels, dimes and quarters, but it was a great way to encourage her to earn about money. Her habits were also due to her early childhood (she was a "good" child according to the orphanage -> translate -> she didn't cry so we could leave her in her crib by herself and she taught herself not to want anything) 

I'd probably recommend Tai Chi over karate, but you should try out different styles and see if anything "clicks" with him. If he is reluctant, show him the recent remake of the Karate Kid. I'd imagine he would be able to identify with the protagonist, and it might motivate him, as it has enough "violence" to appeal to him, but the message of the movie doesn't glorify violence and if it can get him to want to learn from a good instructor it will help him.