From the NT, there seems to be evidence that Mary is related to the descendants of Aaron, brother of Moses, and it could be that the people referred to that: 

Wikipedia on the Presentation of Mary: 

Source: Blue Letter Bible, Scan on archive.org 

Secondly, the Quran contains an account of the life of Mary before Jesus's birth and states that she was dedicated to the Temple and raised under guardianship of the Kohen: The Arabic word used here is similar to the Hewbrew word אָחוֹת (achowth), its usage is explained in Gesenius' Hebrew-Chaldee Lexicon as: 

Source: Blue Letter Bible, scan on archive.org As such, meat is only permitted in Islam when it has been slaughtered by a Muslim, a Jew or a Christian: Quran 3:36 But when she delivered her, she said, "My Lord, I have delivered a female." And Allah was most knowing of what she delivered, "And the male is not like the female. And I have named her Mary, and I seek refuge for her in You and [for] her descendants from Satan, the expelled [from the mercy of Allah ]." 

Tafsir Al Qurtubi narrates the following views present in Islamic tradition on the relation between Aaron and Mary: 

It is permissible to use the utencils of the disbelievers to eat, drink and cook ... when they are not made of gold, silver or the skin of pigs etc. But the utencils should be washed before use, because they do not refrain from impure foods and eat swine and carrion, and when they use the utencils to cook they are made impure, and sometimes the impuritites get stuck in the pores of pottery and may contaminate whatever is cooked in it. 

I understand that this is a valid interpretation among Christian scholars, though some may disagree with it: Mosques in those times weren't elaborate buildings as of today, and the Prophet generally disliked burning people because he considered punishment by fire to be solely Allah's right. 

Their purely vegetarian food is permitted, however a secondary prohibiton may arise when it is contaminated by food that is not permitted to Muslims. This also makes eating in their utencils forbidden when the same utencils are used to serve haram food ... however the najasat (impurity) is inherent to the food and not to the people themselves. 

Although this account is not present in the canonical books of the New Testament (as far as I am aware), its referred to in Catholic and Eastern Orthodox tradition and in some books of the apocrypha. 

From Expositor's Greek Testament: From Elliot's commentary to the Bible for English readers: 

The outcome was that when the Messenger of God (SAAS) halted at Dhu Awan, he called for Malik b. al-Dukhshum and Ma'an b. Adi - or his brother Asim b. Adi - may God be pleased with them both - and told them to go to that mosque whose people were evil and to burn it. They did then proceed there and burnt it down, and those who had attended it left it. 

Mary remained in the Temple until her twelfth year, at which point she was assigned to Joseph as guardian. According to Coptic tradition, her father Joachim died when Mary was six years old and her mother when Mary was eight. While the story is a legend with no foundation in history, the point is to show that even in her childhood Mary was completely dedicated to God. It is from this account that arose the feast of Mary's Presentation. 

As far as I am aware no people were burned inside of it, what historians write is that the people dispersed: Quran 6:145 Say, "I do not find within that which was revealed to me [anything] forbidden to one who would eat it unless it be a dead animal or blood spilled out or the flesh of swine - for indeed, it is impure - or it be [that slaughtered in] disobedience, dedicated to other than Allah . But whoever is forced [by necessity], neither desiring [it] nor transgressing [its limit], then indeed, your Lord is Forgiving and Merciful." 

Some said, the Aaron here is Aaron, the brother of Moses. The meaning is that "we took her worship and service (to the Temple) as similar to Aaron, then how could she do that?" Some said that she was called sister of Aaron because she was of his descendants ... Some said that Mary had a (step) brother from a father who was named Aaron, and that the name was common among the tribes of Israel because of Aaron's piety, and this other Aaron was also well known and exemplary devout person of the Children of Israel. Quran 3:37 So her Lord accepted her with good acceptance and caused her to grow in a good manner and put her in the care of Zechariah. Every time Zechariah entered upon her in the prayer chamber, he found with her provision. He said, "O Mary, from where is this [coming] to you?" She said, "It is from Allah . Indeed, Allah provides for whom He wills without account." 

The account mentioned in the Seerah of Ibn Kathir. Tafsir on 9:107 by Maududi. Abridged Tafsir on 9:107 by Ibn Kathir. 

The primary prohibition is limited to meat that is slaughtered by them because it will not be slaughtered in Allah's name, and it may be dedicated to their gods rather than to Allah. Please see this answer with regard to Hinduism being of divine origin according to Islam. In short, there were several messengers, and we don't know the names of all of them and hence it is possible that some figure revered in Hinduism was a Messenger or Prophet. 

Comparing this incident with the actions of terrorists who attack Mosques is improper and fallacious. The Prophet was the state targeting a den of espionage and sedition, based on divine command, whereas the terrorists are rogue militants acting against the state, murdering innocent worshipers and spreading chaos and fear.