The "Very Low Quality" (VLQ) flag reason is really annoying me. 57 Global Employers (beta) - 3 hiring in your preferred locations. For example: if we find that lots of people are missing out on good tiny edits cause of the new system we may add a UI that notifies you of the change allows you to work it in your edit. We only count an one "edit" per post, it does not matter if you edit the title or body multiple times. This new system heavily favo[u]rs substantive edits. There are a few side-effects but we will be measuring them. When you try to save your edit we attempt to perform all the trivial merges (eg: you edited tags, they edited title) if they go through we save silently. So lets say for example we have a synonym in place for: "sqlserver" -> "sql-server" To compensate for the stricter requirements we reduced the thresholds: You set yourself up the bomb. You are telling me how many employers are searching for me. The next natural question to ask is "who are they?" followed by "where are they from?". Its human nature. I think it probably would be better if you did away with the stats, at the end of the day I don't care about no popularity contest, I'm looking for a kick ass job. The only measure that is of interest to me is the number of times cool offers pop up. If this number is 0 in 3 years, well, I will probably not renew. In the recent podcast Jeff and Joel talked about the idea of having separate vote pools for questions and answers. So, for example you would have 10 question votes a day and 30 answer votes. Sometimes I typo in my comments, I look at it a few days later and see something that screams to be fixed. But to fix it I would have to get rid of all my up votes and lose continuity. Can you change careers to show how many employers would even consider hiring me. I have been noticing an increasing number of synonyms suggested where people are trying to use synonyms to create a tag hierarchy. Considering that I am not willing to relocate. Every time I look at my profile page on Stack Overflow, I am reminded of two "meta" questions I asked before Meta Stack Overflow existed. When content is migrated to a new site, can the community user take ownership of the question on the original site, so it is no longer tied to me on the original site? We counted "title" edits and "body" edits as distinct entities. This badge was awarded to users with 600 cumulative "title" or "body" edits. What badges do we need to restructure to take account theses changes? Which badges should we introduce? These questions have nothing to do with programming and I see no reason to be advertising them on Stack Overflow anymore. Is it just me? Should and can we replace it with something better? The previously invited section should include a link to the public profile, if it exists, or the text "profile is private". If you think something should be a comment please flag it.