The next night, should be easier, but might still be long. But within 3 days, he should get used to sleeping his crib. He should be convinced, that no matter how much he cries, kicks, or does, that he will eventually end up back in his crib - and only his crib. NEVER give in and put him in your bed with him. Breastfeeding has plenty of benefits that made it worthwhile for me - never having to warm up milk, never having to buy, wash, or sanitize bottles, etc. Growth spurts phases are better because you're not measuring how much milk they need - you just let them drink as much from the boob as they need. Toddlers control the rate of flow better from the boob than from the bottle (little risk of over-feeding). Not sure if it has to do with pumping or not, but I didn't have to deal with engorgement either. My daughter, having never taken the bottle, moved directly from a boob to a bottle. 

I haven't heard of four months being the magic time when gas pain goes away. Usually gas pain happens when the kid's stomach is adjusting to something new - breast milk, solids, etc. So it'll "come back" when you start your child on solids. 

You might research different nipples and find one that more closely matches the breast. You might try the Evenflo Classic Sensitive Response (silicone). This nipple works the cheeks and lips and is not for a baby with weak musculature. It does flow during pauses in sucking however. 

FYI: Here is a link to an exhaustive investigative work on the source of the MMR-Autism vaccine scare. It is lengthy, but very enlightening! According to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gifted intellectual giftedness is different from a skill. Skills are learned or acquired behaviors while intellectual giftedness is usually believed to be an innate, personal aptitude for intellectual activities that cannot be acquired through personal effort. 

http://deafness.about.com/od/babysigning/f/signspeech.htm 

Understand that medication my not stop backflow, but it does stop or neutralize the acid (depending on the medication). The acid is the source of pain, esophagitis, erosion of teeth and food avoidance. Basically, it reduces the refluxing to "spit" and we often say, "spit happens". 

My son struggled with self-regulation early on and I think I could have gotten him off to a better start if I had known what I did not know. As a speech language pathologist, I also promote the use of sign language for children with severe communication deficits. It is also an effective strategy for teaching color identification and sight words to children who struggle with these concepts initially. Our roughest day was when it was very hot and humid outside. She was having a lot of trouble sleeping - was 4-5 hours past her nap time. Eventually we had to just drive with her in the car with the air conditioner. She was asleep within a few minutes. We drove for a bit more and then placed her in her playpen. She slept for 3 hours (usually it is 1-2). The first time you do this, it might be very frustrating so do it on a night where you don't have work the next day. (Friday night?) The important part is to convince your child that no matter what happens, he is NOT going on your bed. Breastfeeding has plenty of benefits that made it worthwhile for me - never having to warm up milk, never having to buy, wash, or sanitize bottles, etc. Growth spurts phases are better because you're not measuring how much milk they need - you just let them drink as much from the boob as they need. Toddlers control the rate of flow better from the boob than from the bottle (little risk of over-feeding). Not sure if it has to do with pumping or not, but I didn't have to deal with engorgement either. My daughter, having never taken the bottle, moved directly from a boob to a bottle. 

FYI: Here is a link to an exhaustive investigative work on the source of the MMR-Autism vaccine scare. It is lengthy, but very enlightening! Sensitivities/allergies/intolerance, preterm birth, and autoimmune disorders are other culprits associated with reflux. The duration of reflux will vary from child to child and will often depend on the causal factors and how they are addressed. Reflux can and often does disappear by 12 months of age. It is common however for adults to have adult onset reflux from gaining excessive weight and incompatible diets as they age. As a speech language pathologist, I also promote the use of sign language for children with severe communication deficits. It is also an effective strategy for teaching color identification and sight words to children who struggle with these concepts initially. Of course, she may rebel against another nipple at first, but it may be worth the aggravation of changing. This is the true joy of parenthood: getting to discover the world all over again through the eyes of a toddler. 

http://deafness.about.com/od/babysigning/f/signspeech.htm According to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gifted intellectual giftedness is different from a skill. Skills are learned or acquired behaviors while intellectual giftedness is usually believed to be an innate, personal aptitude for intellectual activities that cannot be acquired through personal effort.