There is one scenario where belief in an afterlife and care for the dead ancestors might be necessary for an AI. If it turns out that a survival instinct is a necessary condition for sentience. For example, based on Daniel Dennett's intentional stance, it might turn out that autonomous goal seeking behavior can only be implemented by programming a "will to live" into these AIs, and somehow this survival instinct inevitably leads to a belief in an afterlife and a care for dead ancestors. Of course for AIs, belief in an afterlife (or more precisely reincarnation) seems much more justified than it does for humans. All it takes is for some one to load a dead AI's backup tapes and voila! reincarnation!!!! In the above scenario, even if there was a human agent involved, the reasoning is the same. If the agent has to abide by the results of the calculation, then they can say legitimately say that the decision wasn't theirs to make. The decision ultimately lay with whoever set the guidelines that the software's calculations are based on. The scenario you mentioned is already described by DesCartes in his famous demon example. Although Hofstadter was the one who popularized the notion, he wasn't the first to propose it. Self-representational approaches to consciousness is ongoing topic of study among philosophers of mind. On the other hand, a materialist, by definition, argues that a mind cannot exist without a body, since mental states are nothing but a collection of brain states and nerve stimulation. Are these true causal relationships? Or is it merely us projecting our temporal thought processes onto the ideas and propositions we are analyzing and hence seeing causality where there is none? Can relations of ideas have causal relationships? The combination of these two adaptations then leads very naturally to a care for the ancestral dead, if only as means of reassuring oneself that belief in the afterlife is indeed justified. Yes it can. That is the idea behind Empirical Idealism, the philosophy of Bishop Berkeley. More recently, there was this paper on the undecidability of certain quantum hamiltonians, challenging the reducibility of the macroscopic to the microscopic. Substance dualism is defined as being different from physicalism because it posits 2 different categories of substances in the world as opposed to one category. To say that the randomness of quantum phenomena is coming from somewhere/something is to assert what physicists call a hidden variable theory. In such a theory, there would be apparent randomness, but there are hidden variables we are not yet aware of (for lack of better knowledge of physics, lack of better measurement equipment, etc...) which if known would provide a deterministic explanation of the apparent randomness. John Bell proved in his 1964 paper (Bell's theorem) that no local hidden variable theory can reproduce the results of quantum mechanics. His theorem was experimentally validated by Aspect et al in 1981 (and many subsequent teams), in the sense that the experimental results indicate that Quantum Mechanics holds.