Somehow parents can't resist asking why anyway, but I can count on one hand the number of times I've received an answer that makes sense to me. Just resign yourself to it being the parent's job to figure out why, and if you're lucky, your kids will confirm it for you. At any rate, the uncomfortable stage only lasted a week or two, then if the glasses came off it was by accident, maybe once per day for our daughter. We have friends with a son who got glasses at a very early age, and they had to get a strap to keep his from falling off, since he is so active. She understands the words just fine, what she doesn't understand is the underlying cause. Kids that age live very much in the moment. Past and present get jumbled in their mind, and they don't pause to reflect on their motivation. The other thing to keep in mind is just like everything else, your son will outgrow his glasses pretty quickly. Adults can generally wait for their prescription to change, or the glasses to wear out. My eye insurance will pay for a new pair every two years for me, but your son may need his replaced more frequently than that. If he suddenly stops wanting to wear them after doing good for a while, they have probably become too tight. May be distraction is a good idea for these particular examples, but the underlying problem here is that the toddler is copying his parents "inappropriately". They can't quit saying "listen to me" when he needs to listen.. they do need to tell him what he should or shouldn't do. But at an age where kids copy so much of the parents' behaviour, how do we prevent the kid from copying that and telling the parents what they should or shouldn't do? He could be doing the dumbest/most destructive thing but when we try to reason with him to get him to stop, he'll just say "listen to me" and proceed to speak of things that are not even explanations to why he would like to keep doing what he's doing. For example, he'd be thrashing a book about, or spreading spaghetti sauce all over the floor and when we tell him (nicely at first) not to do that, he'd say "listen to me. I went into the room and got the book and this is a coloring book and we bought this when we went to the mall.." and so on. Or some trivia about spaghetti sauce.. You get the picture. (Aagh... kids!) And what should the parent do when the child insists on an option that wasn't offered? We can say that's not allowed and all that, but how do we avoid a tantrum while we're denying the child his choice? When he says "listen to me", I let him speak. Because I believe that you should treat a child seriously and with respect if you want the same from them. After his rambling, I say "Ok, but.." and start to put my point across, but I'm interrupted with more "Listen to me"! A couple more times, and he starts to yell it. There's this 3.5 year old that I know, who keeps saying/yelling "Listen to me" when you try to correct him. He probably gets it from his parents, who I've seen saying the same thing when they're trying to explain to him why he should or shouldn't do something. Especially when he's hyped up and just wont calm down and listen. There has been at least one other time where giving him a choice didn't work. It was about having to go out and getting to choose a shirt. Is he too old for the choice system? Did they start too late? Why isn't it working? She understands the words just fine, what she doesn't understand is the underlying cause. Kids that age live very much in the moment. Past and present get jumbled in their mind, and they don't pause to reflect on their motivation. At any rate, the uncomfortable stage only lasted a week or two, then if the glasses came off it was by accident, maybe once per day for our daughter. We have friends with a son who got glasses at a very early age, and they had to get a strap to keep his from falling off, since he is so active. Somehow parents can't resist asking why anyway, but I can count on one hand the number of times I've received an answer that makes sense to me. Just resign yourself to it being the parent's job to figure out why, and if you're lucky, your kids will confirm it for you. Our daughter got her glasses around her first birthday. The biggest issue at first is the glasses are uncomfortable and they will keep taking them off. At one year old, all we could do was keep putting them back on over and over and over. At three, you probably have more options, like the same incentives you used for potty training.