One is "added to the flock" (i.e., made a member of the Catholic Church) by professing the Catholic Faith and being baptized, as Pope Pius XII wrote in Mystici Corporis Christi ยง22: 

Certainly, #1 could be intended by refraining from sexual relations, too, and the Church does not forbid this as long as both husband and wife agree to it. An example of the lawful use of the double effect would be the commander of a submarine in wartime who torpedoes an armed merchant vessel of the enemy, although he foresees that several innocent children on board will be killed. All four required conditions are fulfilled: 

(5) Likewise he who blames anyone, in the blame itself by the sin of blaming praises God, and the more he blames and the more gravely he sins, the more he praises God. 

his action of torpedoing the ship is not evil in itself; 

A related problem was that Roman military service was bound up with Roman religion; Tertullian's On idolatry identified the taking of an oath to the state to be un-Christian, and moreover, Roman military standards (signa militaria) were given special reverence, placed in a sanctuary in the camp so that soldiers could pay homage - these were signs of the gods-given authority of the emperor. Origen, similarly, said that since all authority comes from God, it is not right to give this honour to Caesar. Several Christian soldiers were martyred towards the end of the third century for refusal to perform army rites, objection to the idolatrous nature of the signa militaria, etc. This was intensified under the persecution of Diocletian, who issued edicts to require all soldiers to take part in sacrifices and other rites - the intention being to get rid of Christians in the army, which implies that there must have been a substantial number of Christians there to be purged. So any prohibition on military service, on the part of Christian leaders, was not being well enforced at this time. 

In summary, Helgeland argues that the prohibitions in Hippolytus and elsewhere should not be construed as objections to military service in general, but only to the specific idolatrous and persecuting nature of the contemporary Roman army. Moreover, Christian responses differed - some said that Christians should avoid military service entirely, while others would allow it, but on the assumption that the soldier should refuse to participate in evil activities (and accept the consequences). 

cf. imperfect contrition (also called "attrition"): 

Theological note: Dogma. Equivalent terms: Dogma of faith; de fide, de fide Catholica; de fide divina et Catholica. Explanation: A truth proposed by the Church as revealed by God. Examples: The Immaculate Conception; all the contents of the Athanasian Creed. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: Heresy Effects of denial: Mortal sin committed directly against the virtue of faith, and, if the heresy is outwardly professed, excommunication is automatically incurred and membership of the Church forfeited. Remarks: A dogma can be proposed either by a solemn definition of pope or council, or by the Ordinary Magisterium, as in the case of the Athanasian Creed, to which the church has manifested her solemn commitment by its long-standing liturgical and practical use and commendation. Theological Note: Doctrine of ecclesiastical faith Equivalent term: De fide ecclesiastica definita Explanation: A truth not directly revealed by God but closely connected with Divine revelation and infallibly proposed by the Magisterium. Example: The lawfulness of communion under one kind. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: Heresy against ecclesiastical faith. Effects of denial: Mortal sin directly against faith, and, if publicly professed, automatic excommunication and forfeiture of membership of Church. Remarks: It is a dogma that the Church's infallibility extends to truths in this sphere, so one who denies them denies implicitly a dogma or Divine faith. Theological Note: Truth of Divine faith. Equivalent term: De fide divina. Explanation: A truth revealed by God but not certainly proposed as such by the Church. Example: Christ claimed from the beginning of His public life to be the Messias. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: Error (in faith). Effects of denial: Mortal sin directly against faith, but no loss of Church membership. May incur a canonical penalty. Theological Note: Proximate to faith. Explanation: A doctrine all but unanimously held as revealed by God. Example: Christ possessed the Beatific Vision throughout his life on earth. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: Proximate to error. Effects of denial: Mortal sin indirectly against faith. Theological Note: Theologically certain. Equivalent term: Dogmatic fact; theological conclusion. Explanation: A truth logically following from one proposition which is Divinely revealed and another which is historically certain. Example: Legitimacy of Pope Pius XI. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: Error (in theology). Effects of denial: Mortal sin against faith. Theological Note: Catholic doctrine. Equivalent term: Catholic teaching. Explanation: A truth authentically taught by the Ordinary Magisterium but not as revealed or intimately connected with revelation. Example: Invalidity of Anglican Orders; validity of Baptism conferred by heretic or Jews. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: Temerarious. Effects of denial: Mortal sin indirectly against faith. Remarks: The expression Catholic doctrine is sometimes applied to truths of a higher order also, but never of a lower one. In some cases the appropriate censure may be graver than "temerarious". Theological Note: Certain. Equivalent term: Common; theologically certain. Explanation: A truth unanimously held by all schools of theologians which is derived from revealed truth, but by more than one step of reasoning. Example: The true and strict causality of the sacraments. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: Temerarious. Effects of denial: Usually, mortal sin of temerity. Remarks: Proportionately grave reason can sometimes justify an individual who has carefully studied the evidence in dissenting from such a proposition; since it is not completely impossible for all the theological schools to err on such a matter, although it would be highly unusual and contrary to an extremely weighty presumption. Theological Note: Safe. Explanation: Affirmed in doctrinal decrees of Roman Congregations. Example: That Christ will not reign visibly on earth for a thousand years after Antichrist. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: Unsafe/temerarious. Effects of denial: Mortal sin of disobedience and perhaps imprudence. Remarks: Exterior assent is absolutely required and interior assent is normally required, since, though not infallible, the Congregations possess true doctrinal authority and the protective guidance of the Holy Ghost. Theological Note: Very common/commoner. Explanation: The most solidly founded or best attested theological opinion on a disputed subject. Example: Antichrist will be of the tribe of Dan. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: None. Effects of denial: None. Remarks: Very common or commoner opinions can be mistaken and there is no obligation to follow them though prudence inclines us to favour them as a general policy. It should be noted that an opinion which is "very common" is less well established than one which is "common" which implies moral unanimity of theological schools. Theological Note: Probable. Explanation: A theological opinion which is well founded either on the grounds of its intrinsic coherence or the extrinsic weight of authority favouring it. Example: Judas received Holy Communion at the Last Supper. Judas did not receive Holy Communion at the Last Supper. Censure attached to contradictory proposition: None. Effects of denial: None. Remarks: The better founded of two conflicting opinions is referred to as more probable; but Catholics are free to prefer some other opinion for any good reason.