The reason why this might sound odd to the ordinary English speaker's ear is that we don't usuaually talk about such metaphysical possibilites, but about the facts in our actual world. The necessity and the and the possibility operator then relate to alternative worlds to our believe, i.e. our epistemic state. In the world which I am currently believing to be true, my hair is not green, but it could be that I am mistaken and the world in which I am living actually turns out to be one in which my hair is green. In my head, these are different states of affairs, but it still all is within the scope of our real world, and the evaluation of necessity and possibility only relate to the correctness of my believes. The philosophers, on the other hand, don't speak of epistemic, but rather about metaphysical states; the epistemic facts all hold true in our actual world, and the alternatives take place in worlds which are actually different from the one we are currently living in. Now since the "normal" past is, in ordinary English, already occupied by the use for epistemic states, a different tense needs to take over the role of expressing metaphysical possibilities. This is where the plupferfect comes into play: In normally expressing something even further in the past, it adds some distance to what is being said; instead of expressing that it could be the case (as a matter of fact in our actual world, if your epistemic state does not match the actual circumstances), you now express something even more remote, namely that it could have been the case if the world we live in wasn't ours, i.e., if we were situated in a metaphysically different state. I would NOT recommend Semantics in generative grammar by Heim & Kratzer (1998). I think it's often used as a textbook in semantics classes and has its focus mostly on the interface between syntax and semantics which is an interesting approach, but IMO there are just too many things that are formally questionable. I understand not every textbook has to be a Gamut (see below), but if you then still start introducing formal stuff, you should do it properly. You can not just randomly place lambda symbols in a syntax tree and act like you have a formal system now without even properly defining what you are doing. Also, the book unfortunately doesn't cover intensions, which I think is important to at least have heard of in semantics. For Montague Semantics, the Introduction to Montague Semantics by D. Dowty, R. Wall and S. Peters (1981) is proabably the best choice. This book gives and overview the syntax and semantics of a fragment of English in Montague style including modal logic, tense logic, intensional logic and of course PTQ. However, those two terms are perhaps not perfectly suitable, at least I'm not aware of an alternative terminology that would express more precisely what you mean: Pejoration and melioration is more about a single word undergoing a change in meaning over time; e.g. silly used to mean something like happy, unworried in Middle English and over time received the meaning of stupid or ridiculous, so the word itself changed its meaning or, if you want to call it like this, connotation. In the examples that you gave, one could not really speak of such a semantic change, since you modify the expression (by adding un- or not) so as to express something different, while the orignial word itself retains its meaning. So there might be the need of a different terminology here, depending on how narrow you set the definition of pejoration and melioration, but I doubt there is an actual term that expresses modification with respect to connotation for the following reason: So I would set the sense of an expression equivalent to the intension of an expression, the "idea" of that sentence, knowing its meaning in all possible cases, without evaluating that idea w.r.t. a particular situation. Correspondingly, I would set the denotation of an expression equivalent to the extension and possibly also the signified of an expression, which is the reference of that expression to the actual individual/truth value/set/... it denotes in a particular situation we are talking about. -> This is a reachable possibility within my epistemic states, which still all revolve around or actual world. I would like to comment that "connotation" is a term that is not so easy to define and probably not that often used in semantics, rather maybe in pragmatics (some may even say it's outdated; I recently read a comment to some question here on Ling.SE (don't remember who it was though) saying that connotation is more of a rhetorical term that was already used by the Ancient Greeks and not something that you could use as a neutral scientific term nowadays). This, and the choice of the clearly negating morphemes not and un-, is why I'd go with a simpler description: