The America First Committee Charles Lindbergh Speech September 11, 1941 Des Moines https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_F48oaOskI 

Dwight D. Eisenhower "Ike", graduated from West Point in 1915 ranked 61st in a class of 164 better known for his abilities on the football field than in the classroom. Upon graduation from West Point he seriously considered a civilian life, rather than pursuing a commission. He spent WWI in the United States in a logistics position, and was not sent to Europe. In the interwar period he again considered leaving the military and a career which he considered at a dead end. 

If your question is how many in the North wanted to abolish slavery that would be very high. If your question was How many in the North wanted to go to war over slavery in 1860's; that would likely be much lower. The list of klan affiliated politicians over the years isn't limited to the South, nor the early 1900's. It is long enough to be a cliche. There were exceptions: experiments in lower hours to boost productivity, some unions temporarily won lower hours as concessions before 1890, and in economic down times when labor was cheap the owners brought in relief workers to reduce costs... but generally 84 hours per week was necessary to keep the factory running 24 hours a day with two shifts of workers.As David Montgomery suggests, "There had never been a Golden Age in which 'the steel industry was controlled by the skilled workers."' It goes on to say that the FBI had a group of 30 agents working on 70 ongoing bin Ladin- related investigations. 

Bush would go on as President to pardon 6 Iran-Contra decision makers on Christmas Eve, who by all rights could have included himself. 

Bottom line up front. Yes their was a doubt. Germany had a vocal advocacy in the US as large or larger than did the UK. The UK had historical ties and FDR. Ultimately though neither was enough to move Isolationist America. America did not declare war on Germany or Japan first. They declared war on us and only then did we reciprocate. And some folks in the US are still hot about that even today.. (aka Pat Buchanan ). 

decades later. source. After the Civil War one of the most famous Abolitionists William Lloyd Garrison who had written the organizations declaration of 1830, asserted that the passage of the thirteen Amendment abolishing slavery made continuation of the "American Anti Slavery Society" unnecessary. Wendell Phillips insisting that only the achievement of complete political equality for all black males could guarantee the freedom of the former slaves successfully prevented Garrison from dissolving the society. Only with the ratification of the fifteenth Amendment(February 3, 1870) extending male suffrage to African Americas was passed did the society declare it's mission complete. 

Why did they end? Lenin had started the Gulag system, and Stalin had expanded it. They ended mainly because Stalin died (March 1953) and the new Soviet Leader denounced him and his practices. Stalin was after all a larger mass murder than was Adolf Hitler and the Soviet Leadership which survived him knew it better than anybody else. The Gulag's ended as prisons for criminals in the early 50's. The release of political prisoners started in 1954 and became widespread after Nikita Khrushchev's denunciation of Stalinism in his Secret Speech at the 20th Congress of the CPSU in February 1956. ( I was living in Alabama in the mid 1980's when George Wallace won his last term as Governor. He did it with overwhelming support from the African American Community. He was a populist at heart I guess, and he used those skills to worm his way into a new political base and revive his political career, when the State of Alabama's political landscape had changed significantly. ) 

(Sept 1940) Just a month before Roosevelt made his famous declaration in Boston to stay out of the war, He had begun transferring significant aid to Britain illegally. Britain could not afford to legally purchase the munitions she required so Roosevelt got creative with non monetary exchanges (base leases in North America). Because these exchanges were non monetary they were in violation of US law. In December 1940, Churchill warned Roosevelt that the British were no longer able to make any payments for supplies. So Roosevelt went even further. On December 17, 1940 Roosevelt proposed lend lease of supplies. Making the analogy if your neighbors house is on fire and he wants to borrow your hose, of coarse you are going to lend him your hose, and after the fire is out, you don't want his money; you want your hose back. Roosevelt ear marked 1 billion dollars in war aid for Great Britain and Russia along lend lease.