Interesting fact: While Haiti is currently a constitutional democracy, it has had 24-25 Constitutions in the last 200 years, 5 of them in the last 50 years. Sounds like whoever designed Haiti's political system was hired by Google to be in charge of Chrome web browser versioning. For those interested in a government's official explanation of the nitty gritty of how this works, you can read through Army Pamphlet 360-544: YOU AND THE LAW OVERSEAS from 1989. You must include your New Jersey driver's license number or your non-driver ID number on your voter registration form. If you don't have either of these numbers, you must include a copy of your ID with your form. If you forget, you'll need to provide ID the first time you vote in person or by absentee ballot. Acceptable forms of ID include: a driver's license or other photo identification that shows your name and New Jersey address OR a current utility bill, bank statement, government check, paycheck, or other government document that shows your name and New Jersey address. But all have some sort of replacement, sometimes unwritten, sometimes written but uncodified. Are there any rules (specifically, laws) that the proposal would violate? Again, I am not asking if it's a good idea. I'm asking if it is an idea that can be rejected by the government on a basis of violating some rule/law. If a school is identified as an elementary school in the County-District-School (CDS) code system, EC Section 23 states that, “Notwithstanding the provisions of Sections 51210 and 51222, instruction in physical education in an elementary school maintaining any of grades one to eight shall be for a total period of time of not less than 200 minutes each ten schooldays, exclusive of recesses and the lunch period." (src: http://www.cde.ca.gov/pd/ca/pe/physeducfaqs.asp) Car age may not necessarily imply bad condition. http://civilrights.findlaw.com/civil-rights-overview/civil-rights-vs-civil-liberties.html covers the difference between Civil Rights and Civil Liberties in detail. Depends on a state, since educational legislation is mostly a state province. Ossetia, Abkhazia, and Transdnestria (and seems to roll similar way in near future for Donetsk etc...) - Same exact story with Russia replacing USA as external force guarantor. None of them happened in accordance to the laws or the will of original country. Behavior of the driver is a lot more impactful risk factor. I'm not aware of a single country outside the 5 below that don't have a codified written constitution and are considered democratic: Of course, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, as Yannis's answer noted, has no written constitution. As far as "unusual" provisions, we have way too many to list. Some random examples: [1] - obviously, for privacy reasons, some select rooms like bathrooms would be off-limits to such surveillance. The person you are impersonating coming to vote after you voted, and having your vote invalidated. UPDATED When voting by mail, the rules are: This is fairly obvious - when you prohibit something, you drive up the price, especially if it's an addictive substance which ensures unceasing demand. Since the substance is prohibited, you also dramatically decrease the pool of suppliers, providing those suppliers with a lot of funding. And, since it's illegal, your suppliers will not simply be criminals, but usually the worst ones (due to lucrativity) and the most ruthless and well organized ones. San Marino has a codified set of several constitutional documents (differing from UK where they are uncodified).