AS I mentioned earlier, the hard problem of consciousness is still considered an open question by many, and not everyone agrees that Higher Order and Self-Representational theories solve the dilemma. But they do provide one avenue to your question. 

Ram Tobolski's answer seems to stand on its own and resolve the question. But I came across this quote from Daniel Dennett's "Kinds of Minds": This problem comes into sharper focus if we contrast the language of thought hypothesis with its ancestor and chief rival, the picture theory of ideas. 

Although Hofstadter was the one who popularized the notion, he wasn't the first to propose it. Self-representational approaches to consciousness is ongoing topic of study among philosophers of mind. 

None of them ever mention Kant. See here, here and here for typical syllabuses. 

The argument against functionalism from knowledge 

By the same logic, any dynamic system capable of processing symbols and complex enough to be able to refer to itself (i.e capable of representing and processing formal logic sentences up to and including Gödel sentences) can eventually develop self perception and consciousness. Hofstadter takes this idea and flips it on its head: The ability for self observation is not the proof that the self exists. It is this ability that leads to the emergence of a self in the first place. Selves, "I"s, emerge as a consequences of information processing systems developing the ability to store and manipulate representations of themselves. This strikes me as almost identical to Wittgenstein's picture theory of language: That language corresponds to propositions, which in turn correspond to states of affairs built up of atomic facts. These relationship between states of affairs mirrors reality and that is how language and thought mirror the world. From an evolutionary point of view there is a continuous gradient of intelligence (in the larger sense of the term), from lower life forms with no intelligence at all to higher life forms that exhibit consciousness and mental states. Presumably this is quantitative and continuous, since animals with higher mental states evolved from beings with lower or no mental states. 

The point is, a lot of energy consuming and transforming process can be recast as the use of data to project power: The light switch processes the binary input of on/off and then projects power in the form of visible electro-magnetic radiation onto an unsuspecting dark area. Similarly, the watch processes input data - the number of cycles of whatever periodic process drives it - and projects it as a signal with more elaborate information content. The ability of macromolecules (DNA and RNA) to self replicate led to the appearance of agency. To be able to self replicate, these macromolecules would move towards and absorb the resources that they needed to duplicate themselves. This tendency to move towards the resources they required became the first instance of agency, of a system showing goal seeking behavior and moving autonomously towards resources. The ability to process outside information gradually evolved to allow these agency equipped systems to better seek out resources. Eventually they developed sensing equipment such as eyes, ears, noses, etc... Later, an ability to internally store representations of the resources they were seeking developed, as this allowed them to improve their chances of replication. This ability to internally store representations of outside objects eventually included the ability to perceive themselves and not just the outside world, which in turn evolved into full fledged consciousness. To summarise: Self-replicating -> agency -> processing outside information -> perception and self sensing -> consciousness.