The Green Party co-founders have written a letter to Jeremy Corbyn (Labour) and Tim Farron (Liberal Democrats) requesting to form an alliance: We already have a question about why MPs are required to comply with party whips in general. But I would like to know why is an MP required to comply with a Three Line Whip in particular. Two versions of the guidance were approved: one for specified authorities in England and Wales, and one for specified authorities in Scotland. What are the long term benefits of such a policy? In Theresa May called a general election to bury Tory expenses investigation, says Dennis Skinner MP: 

It has been written that Theresa May plans to end the free movement of European Migrants entering the UK permanently when Article 50 has been triggered. Because this date is before Britain leaves the EU officially: The president of Sinn Fein claims that Theresa May is not honouring the Good Friday Agreement: 

Why would an MP be required to follow what a Three Line Whip asks of them? or are there special circumstances for doing so? Ms May has reiterated this again: From the UK government's perspective, what would constitute a bad deal on Brexit? 

Context Using the General Election 2017 as an example, YouGov believe that Young people voted for Labour whereas the older generation voted for The Conservative party. 1 - On the The Government's website they have outlined their response to the tragedy to keep the public updated on the situation 

A Tory MP is said to have told HuffPo editor Paul Waugh that the PM had made the apparently flippant comment about LGBT concerns in the meeting today. 

India India was granted dominion status because organisations arranged talks with the then Viceroy of India which then formulated into the Indian Independence Act 1947 to grant said status: 

“It’s quite clear: [she called an election] because the Crown Prosecution Service are due to make a decision on Tory election expenses” he told the i newspaper. 

Would a DUP-Conservative alliance breach the Good Friday Agreement? if so, how? 

They have also asked private sector landlords, owners etc.. to check their own buildings and have provided a testing facility to do so. The Counter-Terrorism and Security Act 2015 contains a duty on specified authorities to have due regard to the need to prevent people from being drawn into terrorism. This is also know as the Prevent duty. But is George Osborne actually breaking any official form of conduct by accepting the role? Are there rules against MPs accepting roles outside of their own as an MP? Context As stated in Prevent duty guidance: 

The most important action they have taken for any future tragedies is setting up an advisory panel and take any actions necessary to prevent this happening again. TLDR; They have taken various steps, but the most important one is that they have set up an advisory panel whose aim is to focus on future fire and building safety legislation, consider immediate action, consider any changes to any current regulation in regards to materials and safety checks on buildings with cladding similar to Grenfell Tower. Please note that I am NOT a lawyer. What follows is merely info I picked up from a long term interest in freedom of speech issues, sharpened by once thinking I was going to be involved in a legal case. The Human Rights Act / Article 10 of the European Convention on Human Rights are thus the closest the UK has to an equivalent to the First Amendment of the US Constitution. 

But what if the group "leaving" and the group "staying" are roughly the same size? Both might have plausible claims to be the "true" Labour party. Both might reasonably claim to be the ones who are staying and claim that it's the other guys who are leaving them. You could also get intractable problems if the split among MPs is very different to the split among the party members. Bringing further variables into the situation, such as what happens regarding paid party officials and trade unions who provide funding for the party, makes it even more complicated. 

No. Although there is a petition system in the United Kingdom, where such a petition is already being made, it is not binding. 

tl;dr: No, they aren't. Petitions to the UK government are a very weak political instrument anyway. Poland currently does too much at once which worries the other EU states. 

I don't want to claim that the motivation behind these measures is to build a totalitarian police-state but they are very obvious steps in that direction. Edward VIII, however, had no children yet when he wanted to marry Wallis Simpson. That means his heir would have come from a twice divorced woman (and an American and lowborn, to boot), which would have been the big scandal the prime ministers wanted to avoid. Petitions to the UK parliament are handled by the petition committee which are members of the UK parliament. 

All the parliament debate could achieve is inspire MPs to draft an actual bill based around the general idea of the petition which then goes through the normal process... if anyone feels like doing that.