Exclamation points are used to create emphasis/tension in a piece. Use an exclamation mark when you wish to magnify a certain feeling, e.g. excitement, anger, anxiety. However, because the use of an exclamation mark is so powerful, I don't think you should use them all the time, only for the perfect situations. 

I'm scared that because I have so many women who go around cutting open arrows, assassinating kings, and not playing the stereotypical role of a woman in those times my book will appear like it's written by someone negligent. 

If I were you, I would save exclamation marks for situations of extreme importance or magnification, requiring extra emotional power: 

Because you used hey, I believe there needs to be a question mark. The use of hey or a similar word, like eh creates a sense of confusion in the piece. Because Frank is confused as to why he she can't hear him, his voice searches for her. This could be a great way to begin some tension too. 

Remember, this is only my advice on how to achieve these effects. There are no other answers on this post, so use what you want. 

Normally, if you are writing about two characters calling to each other from a distance, you would not use an exclamation mark. Instead, I used the adverb vehemently to intensify the fact that they are far away, and Alice is most likely frustrated that she can't be heard. 

By saying Frank is shouting before the dialogue begins, we know that this will be loud. I think that to further emphasis the loudness, we could try using effects like a echo off the walls. 

Exclamation points should be used to create emphasis. 

Background It might sound like a silly question, I know, but something someone said to me today has made me concerned that my book sounds childish and nonsensical. Apparently: "having a woman who burns people at the stake, cuts off heads and betrays is too childish for people to take her seriously." 

Don't discount publishing in your own language first, however. I can think of a number of examples of books written in foreign languages that were then picked up and published in the English language on the back of their success in their native countries. 

Can a book exist without any friction (which is what I assume you mean by no "antagonistic theme")? Possibly, but I can't imagine it would be an exciting read; it may depend on the audience. Perhaps someone has an example of a book like that, but I can't think of any. 

When the story concludes, and he's moved on, perhaps found someone else, the restaurant is rebuilt and doing well ... the restaurant has now become a life symbol. 

My instinct suggests that you should avoid getting bogged down thinking in terms of symbolism for now, and concentrate on writing your story: flesh out the places, the characters, their relationships etc. Symbolism generally arises naturally from the novel itself, or can be added/elaborated during the revision stage, rather than being forced in the beginning. 

Or perhaps you suddenly realise that there's no way the evil mastermind will have Ninjas on sharks, he'd have Ninjas on leopards. 

Edit: To elaborate further, based on your comment below. I understand you want to use the city as a symbol of their relationship, but the symbol will likely arise because of how the character(s) relate to the city based on their relationship. To make symbols work, the symbols need to mean something to the characters themselves, not just the reader. So what I meant by the symbols arising naturally from the story is because, if you've told the story of the relationship between characters, the symbols you want to express should become clear to the reader. 

Give a character a reason to think about, speak about, or interact with the small detail. 

How many to send. As for how many to send out: Read each journal's subscription guidelines. There are two phrases to look for. 

ETA: This idea is useful sometimes. Lauren Ipsum's idea is useful all the time. Y'all should go upvote that one. 

Textual weight. If I spend time on something in the text, readers expect it to matter. The more space I give it, the more readers expect it to matter to the story. This is especially true in short fiction, where the mere mention of a thing must justify its presence in the story. 

Err in favor of sending the story. Let the editor decide. 

I stop with the bare minimum. That gives me the energy I need to get into the scene, and plenty of freedom and opportunity for discovery as I write. 

Try outlining only a scene or two ahead of the scene you're currently writing. Try outlining many scenes ahead of your current scene. Try outlining only after you write the scene, to capture those things that you'll want quick access to when you write later scenes. 

Know the market. If you read each journal, you know something about the kinds of stories they buy.