When the first batsman reaches the crease, it becomes his ground, and it remains his ground even when the second batsman enters the crease. It doesn't matter if the batsmen crossed or not when running, all that matters is which batsman reached the crease first. 

The Italian blocker interfered with the Brazilian attacker's hit via the contact between the players, so this is a fault. It doesn't actually matter whether the net was touched or not, as the fault occurs when contact between the players happens. More seriously, you need to refer to Law 23: 

(ii) it remains his ground even if he is later joined there by the other batsman. All the above assumes that the wicket is put down at B's end; if the wicket is put down at A's end, nobody is out as the first batsman to reach the crease is not out as he is in his ground, and the second batsman to reach the crease is not out as his wicket has not been put down (his wicket is at the other end). 

The general principle is that an umpire's LBW decision is overruled only if there is "conclusive" evidence from the UDRS that the decision was wrong; if the UDRS presents only marginal evidence, then the original decision stands - this is known as "Umpire's Call". The specifics vary according to the exact type of cricket being played and are amended occasionally - you'd need to read the exact playing conditions for the match you're interested in. 

(i) it is finally settled in the hands of the wicket-keeper or of the bowler. Whether the ball is finally settled or not is a matter for the umpire alone to decide. 

IMHO this rule enforce the game to be played in a smaller part of the pitch, and allow defenders to try to attack without leaving an empty space for an attacker. (although there are situations where the attackers go alone, and counter attacks are common, but that only resides in the ability of the defending team in clear the ball fast). When you have a casual game without offside, the ball movement in the field is very weird. There is not a lot of strategy filling spaces in the middle, and is very common to just put the ball as far as you can in the opponent field. This makes the game more apeling in the form that matches has a lot of goals (like in 5 vs 5 games in a reduced field), but also make it more bored, since when the defenders are very tigth to they goalkeeper, is harder to score. So the game lost a lot of balance in a big field. There where some attemps to change the rule. I can remember a younger continental championship when the rule was enforced but only inside the penalty area. That was the only test, but I remember defenders standing on that line, and not attacking because there have a lot of field to cover. According to this, the rule was always there, but was changed in time. At first, it looked a lot like rugby, because the lawn enforced all players to not be ahead of the ball. Then it change to a 3 players rule (you need 3 players in front of you to not be offside). More over here (but we are talking about a game that has 200 years or more old), the rule was enforced using 2 players. Then the line was move form behind the second player to the same line. The last thing I heard was that a board will propose change to the rule, but as far as I know, there are not any word of it. (and please correct me if i'm wrong). Being a football player since very young (I'm from argentina :) ) I just could tell my point of view.