The following is from the article on Golo Mann (1909 – 1994) in the German Wikipedia (translation courtesy of Google Translate). Golo Mann was the son of German novelist and 1929 Nobel Prize in Literature laureate Thomas Mann (1875 – 1955). 

Hamann cites her original sources (as one would expect), and she also names the key faculty members involved (in a fragment I did not yet cite). 

I see Adolf Hitler more in a materialistic than a religious tradition. He seemed to hold largely instrumental, secularist views on religions, and from this perspective occasionally had quasi-benign things to say also about Jewish religion. The following quote (from Brigitte Hamann's Hitler's Vienna: A Dictator's Apprenticeship) is from communication by Hitler to Otto Wagener in 1930: 

I mean, they sound pretty devastating (and hilarious, depending on how you look at it). Maybe he just suffered from some linguistic disability (his boss e.g. certainly knew how to write nice letters), and was no real dummy otherwise (a JFK was also not in perfect health). But still, why did George H. W. Bush put him on the ticket in the first place? 

UPDATE: So it turned out that there is more concrete information in Brigitte Hamann's Hitler's Vienna: A Portrait of the Tyrant as a Young Man: 

In terms of public outcry in Germany, it points to activities by the "Rhenish Missionary Society", which led to a reaction by Chancellor Bernhard von Bülow and to von Trotha's recall from colonial service and return to Germany in 1905 (translation courtesy of Google here): 

Again, there is a bit more further information in a German-language diploma thesis from 2010. It analyses the Rhenish Missionary Society's publications from the time (and seems to arrive at or start from a more skeptical view as to the alleged importance of the society's noble role as viewed or presented in retrospect from a "white" angle.) 

Jawaharlal Nehru (1889 – 1964) was of course the first Prime Minister of modern India. 

Hans Holzner, the driver of the family and secret follower of Hitler, offered to give up the case. Instead, he handed over the bag of the Bavarian political police. When it was still not arrived three weeks later, the seizure was near, and Thomas Mann implored the lawyer Valentin Heins to try anything to [obtain them back]. Golo Mann describes the panic came into his father: "[They] will publish it in the People's Observer. [They] ruin everything, they'll ruin me. My life can not be all right." Heins reached in negotiations a few weeks later [their release]. 

Do we know what Thomas Mann (via his attorney Valentin Heims) yielded in these negotiations with Hitler's Nazis? (The article cites Golo's Mann's autobiography, which I do not have ready, as source for the last sentence.) I assume its fair to refer to negotiations with Nazis, because the article identifies the driver as a follower of Adolf Hitler. Thomas Mann was about to emigrate to the U.S. 

Further evidence could perhaps be recovered from German newspapers at the time (e.g. a Vienna-based newspapers provides a free online archive going back to 1848). However, I currently do not know any such source with a convenient online index. It also seems as if Ludwig von Estorff, one of the officers who tried to stand up to von Trotha in 1904, later had books published about his time in Namibia: They are (sadly) out of print by now. 

The shaking of Hitler's left arm and the fact that he tried to hide it is also mentioned on several occasions in this biography. 

I've just been revisiting some quotes from Dan Qualyle. For example: 

Perhaps his own religion (if there was any) was an odd blend e.g. of Germanic (as in Nibelungen), Christian (as in his native culture), Hindu (as in Aryans and Vedic traditions), and Buddhist (perhaps as in earlier comment) fragments. Overall, I think this is a question without a clear single answer. 

As for the admission process, the place and time suggests to me that once the applicant was able to muster the basic requirements (high school diploma and suitable examples of artistic works) it would most likely have come down to an individual decision by the admitting faculty member: much more like in an apprenticeship system than SAT scoring, say. 

Joachim Fest, who wrote a major Hitler biography in German, cites four sources and concludes thus (in footnote 63 on p. 807 of the English paperback edition): 

At the end of this conversation (in the podcast version at 46'30") about Ashoka the Great scholar of Buddhism Richard Gombrich made this remark: 

The article in the German Wikipedia (for some perhaps telling reason its title refers to "uprising" vs. "genocide") mentions pressure exerted by protestant missionaries' churches ("Der Druck der Öffentlichkeit, besonderes der evangelischen Missionskirchen, wuchs.") 

Rohrbach's book is an interesting read and made me think that Karl May may perhaps have had him in mind as a model for his various (from a modern view also more-or-less tainted) fictional heroes.