Still doesn't sit right with me though... I test rode the bike and I'm happy with the bike, but when I got home, and flipped the bike over to make a note of the serial number (for insurance) and I noticed that the derailleur cables cross over on the underside of the down tube. I have owned a 105 groupset equipped bike in the past with externally routed cables and the cables weren't crossed over on that. My current race bike has internally routed cables, so I can't even check against that. The is the first road bike I've owned with a Shimano groupset < 105 and I wanted to know if this is the normal way to route derailleur cables with Sora shifters? UPDATE: It looks like I'm not the only person to ask this question: http://forums.roadbikereview.com/components-wrenching/crossing-derailleur-cables-downtube-243700.html The groupset on the bike is Shimano Sora, installed by the workshop at the Evans store, before I test rode it. Full specs can be found here: http://www.evanscycles.com/products/specialized/allez-sport-c2-2014-road-bike-ec052507 It would seem (from the above discussion, at least) that this is not uncommon for Specialised bikes to cross over. I've just picked myself up a Specialized Allez Sport 2014 road bike from Evans Cycles (UK). The potential issue I'm concerned about with the cables crossed over is that through rubbing against each other, they will wear more than they would normally. I'm also worried that the cables will be more likely to rub against the downtube, but I could just be being paranoid... I have a similarly old 1975 Peugeot Mixte UO18. I replaced the back wheel with a 700C Dimension Road Rear Wheel with Shimano 2200 hub and put a SRAM PG950 9-speed Cassette (SR-PG950-34) on it. Buying a readymade built wheel was much cheaper than trying to reclaim the old hub. a. If it is the cable that is stiff, I'd replace it since the WD-40 in the first step didn't work. Replacing derailleur cable is relatively easy, the hardest bit is measuring the housing and cutting it to the exact length without leaving burrs. Your bike shop can do this for you. However, looking at them they don't seem like they are top-of the line or really all that different in manufacture from 105-line Shimano brakes. I had to stretch the frame a bit to fit the 9-speed hub. Our Peugeot's are steel so that's not a problem. I'd expect this to be roughly a 40-75 eurodollar job, so it might be cheaper than a new set. The brakes themselves don't seem to say Ultegra on them anywhere but I haven't seen a box for them. Anyone know why they are listed as Ultegra?