This patch replaced the existing difficulty system (which did not scale) with a "Monster Power" style difficulty system. This means that as the game host levels up, the overall difficulty of the game rescales to the new level. Since patch 1.0.4 Elite packs no longer enrage, and all boss enrage timers only take effect on inferno difficulty. Your only solution in this instance will be to contact Blizzard support via phone - they will need to verify who you are and then they'll be able to update these details on your account so you can regain access. When you log back in you will be in town, as per normal instances when you join a new game. While you can copy your Diablo 3 folder to an external hard disk, it is worth noting that Diablo 3 stores additional data in the following locations; In terms of the achievements, not getting hit means not taking damage. Using abilities like Smokescreen (pure immunity) counts, Diamond skin (absorption) also counts, dodging counts. Block does not count. In the case of block you're only reducing the damage taken rather than avoiding it. I noticed each class has a movement ability (leaping/teleport skills), but is it meant to replace running altogether? Is there an omni-character solution? All the Google hits are about "running" Diablo on your PC. As for the joke bit, it may be a connection back to the "eat your vegetables" subliminal message in Diablo 1.5 Blizzard is unique in its cross-platform love: it has bundled Windows and Mac versions together on hybrid discs for over a decade. Your retail or direct download purchase lets you play on either platform. When you buy D3, you're really paying for the Battle.net account CD key. Once it's linked, you can re-download Mac and Windows clients any time you want, but your key will only work on one concurrent installation. I've noticed while waiting to respawn that some enemies regenerate health when no one's around (most without the Vampiric Modifier). I believe I've seen all enemies classes do this at some point (Champions, Uniques, normal, etc.), but I've also seen enemies not regenerate health when I'm dead. Currently, there is no such shortcut, though there have been many complaints on the D3 forums. Click, drag, click. Yes, the gem is removed and added to your inventory upon salvage. Don't be afraid. Or, if you prefer not to move your wrist, click, I, click to drop, I (open and close inventory). So slow. I see that sprint was removed since Diablo 2, but is there any way to run faster (e.g., a run/walk toggle, a keyboard shortcut, a magic item perk, shrines, potions)? If so, what, and where can I get or do it? Is this a Boss Modifier they have in common, or is it unique to certain areas or party conditions (e.g., everyone dead)? I feel like I've seen this more often with Fire Chains enemies (or something that looks like Fire Chains), but the recollection is vague. Do all enemies regenerate their health upon leaving the current zone? Can shamans and enemy resurrectors replenish life? Can Champions+ regen life for normal enemies? And what affects these rates of regeneration (e.g., difficulty, proximity to neighboring enemies)? For each additional party member, monster health scales: +75% HP in Normal, +85% HP in Nightmare, +95% HP in Hell, +110% HP in Inferno.4 5 (The upcoming 1.0.4 patch changes this. Instead of scaling monster health buffs with difficulty, all difficulties get a flat +75% HP increase per each additional party member.6) There are no other party size buffs. It is more common than rare—I got it a few times during my later runs. When it spawns, it's in the center of The Battlefields. Take the Bridge of Korsikk waypoint backwards (or go Basion's Keep => The Arreat Gate forward) to get to The Battlefields. If you don't see the center formation, quit out and "Resume Game" to try again. You'll need to open the door to enter. This is what the spawn will look like, coming from The Arreat Gate (with the Bridge of Korsikk WP in the distance):