The classic, critically acclaimed novel Watership Down is all about intelligent rabbits, and I don't recall it being a laugh riot. Usually if the love interest is uninteresting, it's because the author isn't very interested in him or her as a character. There's any number of (often quite successful) books and movies where the love interest is basically a symbol, or a object, or plays a functional role in the story but doesn't have any inner life of his or her own. The general answer to your question is that you should address questions if leaving them unanswered will interfere with readers' appreciation of the story. Over the lifetime of the book I made about $5000 total. Even doubling that number (due to the fact that I had to split my royalties with an illustrator), I'd have to regularly publish around eight books a year, to similar success, in order to approach the salary of my day job as a programmer. You can't stand in for all readers, but let him know, that for you, the more sketchy approach to describing that setting did not work. You aren't "forcing" an opinion unless you actually have a way to make him change his writing to match your preferences. Many people do make a living as novelists, but it's a very small percentage of the people who write. To offer some personal perspective, over the course of nearly 20 years writing, I've produced one traditionally published book (a picture book). It was well-reviewed, reasonably successful and went through more than one printing. I heard it once said --and I'm afraid I can't recall the source --is that the ideal ending is both completely expected and completely unexpected at the same time. Your job throughout the story is to build the audience's desire for the ending you will give them, without giving away the details of how it will happen. With all that said, there are also different seasons in your life as a writer. When I was younger, I was overflowing with ideas all the time. Now the new ideas come slower, but I'm better at follow-through. So, hold on to those old notebooks! Most professional writers are either insanely prolific, do writing-for-hire jobs and/or make most of their money on touring and speaking (and possibly direct sales). As with any artistic job, you could potentially be gifted, hard-working and lucky enough to create a big hit, but most people only get to that level after years in the trenches. For what it's worth, I get as much writing done now, in the evenings, as I did during the brief period of time when I was trying to do writing full time. If this is the first book you've sent out, you might be unaware how unusual (and prized!) it is to get any personal feedback from a publisher at all --form rejections and silence are much more common. Given this, any offer to reconsider upon revision should be taken extremely seriously. No publisher ever requests a second look at a manuscript unless they mean it (there are just too many other manuscripts out there to waste time in this way). This is not to say that it is not worth doing, just that doing it well would be difficult. As with any particularly difficult task, if you pull it off successfully, the acclaim will be all the much higher (some works of this type have been highly successful). But if your aims are the standard ones of a writer --to connect with an audience through a compelling story about believable characters --you're probably better off taking Mark Baker's advice, and using your multiple versions only as personal source materials for enriching your core narrative (or for future stories exploring similar themes). If you do elect to go the experimental route, however, you might enjoy this essay on the ways of marrying experimentalism with the depth of feeling and other pleasures of classical literature. BTW, user8183921's advice is excellent, and can be equally applied to agents. For English speaking agents, this is a good starting place: AgentQuery --I'd be surprised if there isn't an analog for other languages as well. In this particular case, it might make it hard to suspend disbelief for readers, so you should address it. It would be one thing if you were leaving technology out for the whole story --readers might come to accept that as a kind of alternate reality --but since your conclusion requires it, you need to make sure its sudden appearance in your story doesn't call unwanted attention to itself. At one time it used to be common for publishers to help an author work through revisions, but it is extremely rare these days, when publishers typically expect fully polished work. The one book I was personally able to place with a major publisher went through a number of major revisions with a sympathetic editor (who unfortunately retired soon after). If you can develop an relationship with one, I would see this as a big plus. You have to remember that any time you do speculative fiction, you're inevitably taking on concepts that a great many people find laughable. There are people out there you would lose the moment you said "land of the elves." I, myself, have never been able to get past the fact that nearly everyone in the superhero genre is some overpowered lunk traipsing around in his underwear. That hasn't, however, stopped people from writing any number of successful and (and often deadly serious) books, comics and movies based around that same core conceit. (Nor do they seem to have missed me from their audiences.) He will still make the final decisions as a writer, but there's no point having a testreader if a) that reader suppresses his or her reactions or b) the writer fights all the feedback. To give the same advice in more concrete terms, consider it in this way: Every trip that ends needed to begin. Every adult was once a child. Every pair of lovers were once strangers. Everyone who is dead was once alive. Anyone who is wise was once foolish. Anyone who has learned was once taught. Many who are rich were once poor, and who are poor were once rich. Look at the important conditions of your ending, and consider their oppositions or antecedents.