As a parent, your authority should not be ignored without some form of punishment, and this is something you can train. Toddlers need immediate feedback because they can't connect cause and consequence if the consequence comes much later. So the next time you're ignored, you must act -- you must escalate. 

The move will have essentially zero social impact (neighborhood, playground, friends, kindergarten, etc.) because the house will be within walking distance of the old apartment but any move is a big change and "A" has a significant aversion to change. Every toddler benefits from solid routines and structure – "A" very much so but not quite to an autistic degree. Still, change is difficult, and he is not old enough that we can rationally discuss options and opinions with him. 

Because we're both twins, neither we nor our parents have relevant experience we can use. We still have some months before we need to decide, but we need to consider our options now in order to prepare for the change. 

However, I sometimes wonder if heavy breathing in cold air can irritate the throat and make it more vulnerable to opportunistic viral / throat infections. I don't have any citation to support that, and certainly I wouldn't prevent my child from playing outside all the time just because they might get sick .. so take it for what you will. 

"A winter virus is not caused by going out in the cold air," says Wegner. "It's viral transmission." In other words, colds are caught by coming into physical contact with someone who already has a cold virus. 

A 1968 New England Journal of Medicine study remains unchallenged as the definitive word on cold and the common cold, says Turner. 

http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJM196810032791404 

Eccles' working theory is that many people carry around traces of rhinoviruses — the bugs responsible for the common cold — in the back of their noses. Exposure to chilly temperatures causes blood vessels in the nose to constrict, cutting down the flow of the immune system's white blood cells. The virus then flourishes, triggering cold symptoms. 

http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=5184405 

Good common sense moderation is perhaps the best advice here -- kids want to play, so let them, but don't stay outside in the cold too long. 

My son is nearly two years old. We have had a solid bedtime routine forever, and we make sure to wind him down before bedtime. Lately though, he doesn't want to go to sleep. 

We are dressing him in warmer pajamas and socks to keep him from getting cold at night, but we can't comfortably dress him warm enough in winter. If we dress him warmly (so that he wouldn't become too cold without the blanket) then the blanket makes him too warm and he wakes in a sweat, so we avoid that. 

We are trying to find a sleeping bag that fits his current size (92cm) but seem to be rare in these sizes; apparently they're only popular for infants but not so for toddlers. Even if we find one, there's a risk that he'll reject it, just like he ended up doing half a year ago. 

Are we creating a negative link between "time-outs" and "his room"? How can we avoid that?