Genre. Each genre brings its own set of expectations. In a mystery, the crime will be resolved in the end. In a romance, the lovers will get together in the end. You can learn more about Scene and Sequel from Swain's book (mentioned above) or Jack M. Bickham's book Scene and Structure. Or by searching the internet for scene and sequel. Deepen the dilemma. Show why the stakes matter to this character in particular, so that the character cannot walk away from the problem. Show how much the character values the very thing that (in the end) must be sacrificed, so that character struggles desperately to find any other solution. The dilemma makes us care about the character, so that the sacrifice feels more deeply satisfying. 

That's usually enough to get me writing the scene. If there are other things I want to make sure to include (a clue, a revelation, a relationship event, a description of something in the setting), I'll note those, too. 

Take a closer look at Lauren's awesome "plotting backwards" answer that you cite. Every single one of her prompt questions is about cause and effect. 

When you are reading, what raises questions in you? 

I think the key to building a second act is to focus on the function of a second act: To increase the emotional payoff of the ending. I sometimes find it useful to think in terms of what Dwight Swain called scene and sequel. His definitions are somewhat common in writing circles, but may differ from how you normally use the words: 

I stop with the bare minimum. That gives me the energy I need to get into the scene, and plenty of freedom and opportunity for discovery as I write. Cause and effect. Readers expect that effects have causes. If readers cannot readily imagine the causes of some important effect, that raises questions that they expect the story to answer. 

I can often get a feeling for whether a scene will be shorter or longer because of the nature of the conflict--how the POV character will try to accomplish the scene goal, and how the conflicting characters will interfere. 

Often sequels are very short, especially in fast-paced stories. 

What have I missed? What other features arouse expectations in readers? 

I think the key is to focus on cause and effect. This happens, and therefore that happens.