Since I grew up on an island and we still go back there every summer, we spend a lot of time in boats and around water so the water safety considerations in general as well as those specific to open water are very real for us. The rate of deaths in children due to drowning are quite high compared to other causes so I always pushed her to learn. Looking back, I might have been less pushy about it. 

When you offer choices often, when a time arises that you can't offer a choice, you are free to say, "Dude, I let you decide a lot of things around here. Once in awhile you've gotta just go with it and trust me on some things - this is one of those times." 

A Caveat - no preschool child is perfect at any of these yet, and teachers expect to continue working on these. However, children should generally have some of these skills and exhibit them more often than not in order to not be "in trouble" all the time. These are the kinds of skills that if problematic will be brought to your attention to deal with right away. 

In regard to Martial Arts, my daughter started at five and her dojo allows kids to start as early as four but not younger (officially). This article is written by a Judo instructor that seems to agree four is the earliest age for martial arts. Martial arts, like swimming gives kids some great life skills (including along with the physical activity, but won't (until later belts) really help with spatial awareness. In regard to body awareness, Taekwondo (at our studio) desn't really seem to stress body awareness until the second belt. I don't know about other styles. 

I've read a lot about giving children the freedom to choose between acceptable choices, to make them feel like they have some control over things and hence reduce tantrums. And I was pretty convinced by its effectiveness. 

Until my 3.5 years old nephew was offered a choice between A, B and C, and he immediately chose D. Cue tantrum, because his mother couldn't/wouldn't allow for it. Here are all the variables in the scene: 

There's this 3.5 year old that I know, who keeps saying/yelling "Listen to me" when you try to correct him. He probably gets it from his parents, who I've seen saying the same thing when they're trying to explain to him why he should or shouldn't do something. Especially when he's hyped up and just wont calm down and listen. 

And what should the parent do when the child insists on an option that wasn't offered? We can say that's not allowed and all that, but how do we avoid a tantrum while we're denying the child his choice? 

May be distraction is a good idea for these particular examples, but the underlying problem here is that the toddler is copying his parents "inappropriately". They can't quit saying "listen to me" when he needs to listen.. they do need to tell him what he should or shouldn't do. But at an age where kids copy so much of the parents' behaviour, how do we prevent the kid from copying that and telling the parents what they should or shouldn't do? 

There has been at least one other time where giving him a choice didn't work. It was about having to go out and getting to choose a shirt. Is he too old for the choice system? Did they start too late? Why isn't it working? 

When he says "listen to me", I let him speak. Because I believe that you should treat a child seriously and with respect if you want the same from them. After his rambling, I say "Ok, but.." and start to put my point across, but I'm interrupted with more "Listen to me"! A couple more times, and he starts to yell it. 

He could be doing the dumbest/most destructive thing but when we try to reason with him to get him to stop, he'll just say "listen to me" and proceed to speak of things that are not even explanations to why he would like to keep doing what he's doing. For example, he'd be thrashing a book about, or spreading spaghetti sauce all over the floor and when we tell him (nicely at first) not to do that, he'd say "listen to me. I went into the room and got the book and this is a coloring book and we bought this when we went to the mall.." and so on. Or some trivia about spaghetti sauce.. You get the picture. (Aagh... kids!)