Important to remember though, if you can interact with it, CLICK IT. You never know what will come out. On multiple occasions I have received a rare or even a legendary item from an innocuous environmental object or a large sum of gold from a dead soldier. If you value loot, it pays to be a completionist. Explore every nook and cranny of each map and kill or demo everything. It will keep you ahead of the leveling curve, and ensure you maximize earning potential in each area. Raise the difficulty The higher the difficulty, the more gold will drop. However, it is up to you to find the sweet spot between what difficulty allows you to move quick enough to make the bonus worthwhile. i.e. is it better for you to run 4 bounties per hour on Torment I or 6 per hour on Master? I wish the game were more clear on what abilities can stack, or we could somehow enable debuff status on a mob to see how things are being applied. For example, 2 monks with 2 of the same Mantra active will not stack, but with different mantras it will, and we know that because it appears in our status bar. But 2 monks using exploding palm on a mob can stack the effects, yet there is no way to know that without a little testing. A status bar for mobs would be an immense help. There are lots of enemies that continually generate mobs until they themselves are killed. One of my favorite parts of this game is seeing how large a kill streak I can achieve. It's a great source of fun, gold, items, and xp. What I want to know is this... Another interesting thing to note, if they are in a game, they cannot "quick join" you, they would have to be invited by you. However, they could leave their game and then quick join without an invitation. The relics are just another way to increase the stats on your followers. It works just like an item slot that only the followers have access to. If the money was not returned to you in the "completed" tab after you were outbid, then it may be due to AH lag currently affecting the servers (comment by WikWocket), or it was a bug and you should contact Blizzard about getting your gold back. Give it a few minutes, log in and out, and if it still doesn't show up, let an admin know. I'm looking for enemies with the highest mob spawn rate so I can feasibly just keep cutting them down. This is all assuming you have the quick join feature enabled. If you do not, they will not have anything to mouse over and see if there are empty slots in your game. You would have to manually invite them at that point. As far as the probability or formula, no one really knows the answer except an official source that would never disclose it. Where are they typically found? Enemy Damage * .75 * .75 = Damage to Player You can also increase your gold find through the Paragon leveling system. Keep in mind, as above, you'll be taking points from other areas that might make you more effective in combat, such as "life on hit". But this is a good way to increase your gold find without finding specialized gear. Since you can reset paragon points at will, this may be a good way to increase gold find on difficulties where you don't need the other utility stats. This answer is updated as of the Reaper of Souls expansion.