To directly answer the question: That said, the virgin birth is a particularly tricky one as it isn't universal, and some maintain that the correct translation is "maiden". Personally, I think that (^^^) is our collective best hope for an agreeable outcome, that doesn't trample the rights of anyone. I think we're tantalisingly close to the first bullet, although I honestly think we're about a generation away from the second (but I would hope to see it much sooner). I'm not Catholic myself (or even religious) but: credit where due: the Vatican knows the Bible pretty well - and they're happy to go with what the scientists say with regards to the age of the Earth. 

The key claim here tends to be the assertion that Christianity (via Judaism) defines marriage (itself a tenuous claim, with polygamy being common, and no formal final definition) and pre-dates civil institutions (claimed since if you use the Biblical account, marriage goes right back to genesis, therefore to the start). And the Bible defines marriage as one woman and one man. This is then used to make a claim that marriage is therefore "owned" by religion (and specifically, in this case, Christianity). 

Now, it should be noted that this doesn't completely answer the question of how the world got populated. The Bible teaches that the world was destroyed by a flood and that only Noah, his wife, his three sons and their wives survived. 

This is speculation, to be sure, but it should at least be considered a possibility, and there is at least some evidence that makes this feasible. The largest human skeleton ever found is known as The Giant of Castelnau, who was apparently 11'6". Goliath is estimated to have been around 9'6". So, Goliath would have been small compared to this guy and would have been relegated to playing point guard on the team. 

Yet, again, we don't really know. We aren't told, so we can conclude that it wasn't important for us to know. What Jesus wrote may or may not have added to what drove the accusers away. Edit: Even if some of the Jewish leaders and the Jewish people of that day could be held accountable, they are all dead now. People of Jewish descent today can not be held accountable for anything any of the ancestors did hundreds and thousands of years ago. 

This study, however explains some of the problems. Amongst these problems: 

I'm interested in people who say "I'm a Christian, but I don't go to church." 

The Institute for Creation Research has published this paper to explain the physics behind it: You must want a lot of prostitutes or you wouldn't sow dances; you must want a lot of vomiting, puking drunkards or you wouldn't sow saloons, and you must want a bunch of gamblers or you wouldn't play cards in your homes. I've long held alcoholism - or at least the genetic predisposition towards it - to be a disease. As a disease of the body, I see this as somehow "less than sin" because, in fact, it is a biological process put in place by God. In the same way that just about every Christian more mature than Fred Phelps doesn't view "blackness" as a sin, I've always assumed that any biological function is simply a fact, and not a "sin." 

People who are baptized in the name of Jesu, Yeshua, iousous (Greek), or "der Herr" are not going to Hell because the syllables G and sus were not uttered.