Could these be now obscure Mongolian words or is it just that I'm using a dictionary from modern Mongolia and the Mongols responsible spoke a very different variety? 

It seems that the tones are quite different but I believe these tend to change more freely between dialects so I would assume even more freely when borrowing to another tonal language. But are there languages which have the indefinite article but in which it is not related to the word for "one"? Perhaps one word or the other has been borrowed from another language, or perhaps the two words evolved from separate roots? Is this known to be possible? The problem is that I can't find Mongolian words meaning "little" or "fortress" which resemble the words used in the name. But they also don't resemble Georgian words with those meanings. The thing is Georgia is on the Black Sea which has plenty of dolphins so why wouldn't they have their own word since the times before contact with Greek civilization? Georgian is pretty resistant to borrowing basic vocabulary. There's a native word for "whale" for instance. I was just looking at a Zulu word entry in Wiktionary that implied it was made from a prefix and a suffix, but there was nothing between them. Or could it be something else entirely? The story of the name ნარიყალა in Georgia is that it was given this name by the Mongols and that it means "little fortress". 

Is the Mongolian word also derived from Chinese? It seems like it ought to be core vocabulary but as its been borrowed into Korean and Japanese it seems quite possible though those other languages facilitated a greater degree of borrowing due to using the Chinese writing system. So is this affix-only manner of word formation known to occur? Is it widespread amongst languages? 

The Han character for "new", "新" is also pronounced pretty much as "shin" in Mandarin, Korean, and Japanese. 

I've noticed that the Mongolian word for "new" is "шинэ" (or in traditional script, "ᠰᠢᠨ᠎ᠠ"). Since final vowels are not pronouned it's spoken as "shin". 

I only found out about the similarly named fortress in Derbent because the Russian Wikipedia articles of each are linked. I haven't found a story about the name of this fortress. 

I've just learned that Lao has two words for "to be", that are mostly interchangeable: This is part of a set of three related questions but note they are each specific and distinct, they are not duplicates. 

I think it's pretty established that the "b", "m", and "p" sounds can be variants of each other in variants of the same word or in closely related words. To me though, it seems at some point the directions of the signs seems to have been switched ... But those don't seem to be the normal Georgian words for those concepts and so far I haven't found their sources to be Turkish or Mongolian either. Another puzzle ... There are ancient ruins of fortresses in Tbilisi and Derbent which share a name. 

After a couple of weeks in Thailand and learning how to say "I don't want it" I've just realized the word for "want" is very similar to the word for "want" in Mandarin Chinese. 

Wiktionary says this comes from Greek via Russian. I have a couple of theories but they're unconvincing and I haven't been able to find any information: 

Or could it be that the Mongols took words from some third language to give this name? I know the Caucasus has had many rulers over the centuries. 

The Isan language, generally considered a dialect of Lao spoken in Thailand with a different set of recent influences and now written in the Thai script, also has the two copulae: