So single-party power is not seen as a problem, lack of change after elections is (say because there are no elections or elections are not free but also because the same coalition tends to govern or a single party stays in power a very long time like the LDP in Japan or the CSU in Bavaria). Flight passengers are checked by the airline, at least minimally, and there are also colocated border checks for ferries leaving from Calais so it's not really about the mode of transportation and it's the Hoek-van-Holland-Harwich line which is increasingly looking like an exception to a general policy of checking as many travellers as possible even before they actually set foot on UK soil. In some European countries, the ruling family was ousted quite forcefully and the republican system came to be associated with freedom and modernity (e.g. France, Portugal or Italy, where members of the former royal family were banned from entering the country until very recently). In some cases (e.g. Greece, Germany or Italy), the monarchy has also been tainted by its association with fascist or authoritarian rule. In fact, France came very close to a second restoration of the monarchy in the 1870s, which failed in part because the prospective king would accept nothing else than absolute power. There is a lot more to it of course, starting with the vagaries of each country's history but based on these examples, it might perhaps be said that monarchies exist today in countries where they knew to reform themselves and weren't too strongly associated with authoritarian rule. Basically, the way this works at the moment is that, because the EU has a “single market”, it also handles negotiations on trade agreements with other countries. Should the UK leave, it could immediately join the negotiation and/or enter any trade agreement on its own. So the UK could easily become a party to the TTIP or any other similar agreement that could follow it, either together with the EU and the US or bilaterally with one or the other (although, in practice, it would probably wait to have sorted out a new relationship with the EU, which could take years in itself). The situation for flights is quite typical (other countries have similar rules) and sufficient to prevent large numbers of refugees from showing up at airports (note that this is mainly about deterring people with a real shot at asylum and most definitely not about spurious applications, which are actually somewhat easier to deal with).