Online it is different. and I think out of the scope of what your asking. If I was a player, rather or not I made an issue of this would be solely based on rather or not I want a pot sized bet from another player. If I was holding a big hand I would argue loudly that the player must bet the pot and the pot should be counted. If my hand was not so good I would dummy up and see what happens. Anything a player might argue here, whom is involved in the hand is very likely to be based on bias at this point. There is of course another type of player whom just like to argue the rules and we wish that player would STFU. Other infractions do not carry the dead hand penalty such as table talk that is against the rules. Sooner or later though the casino may tell the player that they are no longer welcome to play. The player may have been doing something that arguably effected outcome on one or many hands but there really is no recourse as far the money goes. Whatever it is. Some casinos have a policy of not offering any remedy for a hand that is done unless the complaint was bought up during the hand. You can find examples which illustrate this for the entire set of possible starting hands here: If after action has been closed for the betting round, there is one or fewer players who are not all in, then any surplus bets would be returned to the non-allin player. http://seoblackhat.com/texas-hold-em-poker-statistics/ Ultimately this is only one measure of the value of a hand though and there are other factors which contribute to overall hand strength or whether you would want to play a particular hand in a certain way in a given situation. Equity calculations like this only show the absolute value of the hands if the hand goes to showdown and there is no further betting, ignoring considerations like implied (and reverse-implied) odds, bluff equity etc. http://wizardofodds.com/games/texas-hold-em/2-player-game/ It's based upon the equity those hands have against a random hand (or specific ranges of hands). You can check specific hand equities with tools like ProPokerTools. To answer your specific scenario, if the blinds are 50/100 and both the small and big blind only have 25 each, the same logic also applies, so players wishing to call would do so for 100 and the minimum raise would be to a total bet of 200. If everyone folds to the blinds (highly unlikely), they would be in a showdown and run the board for a total pot of 50. If one player limps for 100 (or raises to any amount) and no-one calls, then there would be a 3-way showdown between that player and the two blinds and the player who limped/raised would get back all of the money they put into the pot, except for the 25 required to call the all-in players in the blinds. Finally, if a player limps or raises and one or more other players call this bet, there would be a side pot and any further action would be into that side pot as usual. So if a player limped for 100 and another player also limped behind, then there would be a main pot of 100 (4 x 25) which all of the players could win, and a side pot of 150 (2 x 75) which only the two players which were not all-in could win, with further action into that side pot. Odds Number of hands to play so get the hand. The :1 counts. So 99:1 is 1 in 100 hands. These odds are based on 5 random cards (not best 5 of 7). Some equity calculators use a Monte Carlo simulation to reduce the number of runs. If your check is checked back around to you then you cannot raise. Board Board is the common / shared cards. I think C is still entitled to the $200 side pot with B And this link provided by RoToRa: 2 Four of a kind A♠A♣A♥A⋄K♠ Four cards of the same rank. The highest for of a kind wins and a 5th card tie breaker. Odds: 4,164 : 1 Announced: X quads or X four of a kind It will favor online players used to a clock. But most live players also play online. Chis SB Daniel BB Ana CO Boris BTN What is actually more used is layoff (and at the table often improperly called insurance). Another player will buy 1/2 the $400 pot for $50. If you win you get $250 and if you lose you get $50. It keeps you in the game.