A crime would have to be committed in a specific state in order for any state, so inclined, to also convict someone of a crime. 

That's why this is often (really, almost always) done, and why people have been calling for Trump to do it. 

The problem with one's own children is two-fold: 

And, no, deals with the opposing party by a president are not uncommon. There's almost always some common ground or goals they can agree upon. At least, they weren't uncommon until the GOP made a pact to try and stop anything Obama supported, even if it was their own measures, in 2009. What's remarkable about this is that the president AND his party are usually together in negotiating with the opposition party. It seems like the president kind of made that determination, on the spot, without consulting with the GOP leadership. 

Meaning of "High Crimes and Misdemeanors" by Jon Roland, Constitution Society 

Cornell Law: Ex post facto law 

"If the TEA Party dissents" - that's pretty standard on almost any issue, as opposed to the exception. By their philosophy and mandate, they are pretty much against the concept of federal government (or, if you wish, they feel the federal government is far beyond the scope its original, legitimate, authorized mandate) , so they will usually have drastic demands on any item that deals with actual governing instead of hobbling the federal machinery. 

Why have individual members of Congress, at all, if it's about monolithic, uniform party votes? There have been divisions within the GOP about the debt ceiling ever since Congressional members first started using it as a bargaining chip - some don't understand how it works, others think it should be used to leverage spending cuts where they want it, others still think it should be raised as a normal matter of business. That's going to mean, no, they can't necessarily just pass anything whenever they have a majority +1 advantage. See "Obamacare" replacement, then repeal only, then even the promise to repeal it, as a working example of that. 

Or, if a president did not have a hand in it and was highly ethical, they could step down, but that would only put their running mate into power. It would have to be the supremely implausible scenario of the sitting president having the VP resign, appointing the losing presidential candidate to be the new VP, and then resigning, in order for it to be a voluntary "righting of wrongs," I'd think. 

This is why it has to be done as best as possible up-front. Transparent, fair, accessible election processes, with challenge and re-count provisions that are equally so, are so vitally important. 

There really is no "do-over" mechanism spelled out in the Constitution. If a sworn-in president would be shown to have had a hand in shennanigans, certainly that would qualify as reason for impeachment (the specific criteria for what someone can be impeached for was left very open-ended and vague in the Constitution), but popular sentiment would have to be such that politicians for that president's party would feel threatened enough to put aside partisan wagon-circling for doing what's right (in other words, in the current state of US politics, no chance at all). 

I would have to say "no," for the specific reason that the actual, binding vote that determines the president is the vote taken by the Electoral College (more accurately, per Mark in comments, Congress voting to accept the Electoral College vote), as you noted. 

In Fitzgerald vs Nixon the court found that the immunity granted was very narrow - 

The problem here is passing the state law well after the crime has been committed. That retroactive timing is referred to as ex post facto law. The US Constitution expressly prohibits such laws in two areas. 

To further illustrate the functional nature of the separation of official and non-official actions, the Congress can't impeach, try and remove a president for actions not taken as the president, since "High Crimes and Misdemeanors" are specific to official conduct - 

Both of those documents were written by the same Legislative attorney, FYI. 

To answer the question, no, one probably can't put assets into a blind trust managed by one's own adult children. I don't believe anyone has ever actually tried that, but it would probably fail if they did. 

The fact that, in Bush v Gore, SCOTUS stopped a statewide count in Florida because they felt it would not finish in time for Florida to meet their deadline for choosing electors for the Electoral College would set precedent (even though they said it was such a special ruling that no one could claim precedent in subsequent cases based on it) of the Electoral College logistics and normal process taking priority over having a confirmed, most accurate result of popular vote tallies, if those counts could not be done expeditiously enough to meet the normal timelines.