Just as an example: I had (have?) a lot of friends who ride mountain bikes with knobby tires up to 80 PSI (it's crazy, I know), just because the bike "rides much better on asphalt". So far, no explosion happened (except one with a very low quality tire targeted at 40 PSI max... The girl literally hugged the road, but she was ok...) 

The most obvious thing would be ask for Mountain Bike tires (slick tires in your case) at the shop. Just using the words "mountain bike" is enough for any shop attendant. 

When they say "up to 130 PSI", I think the manufacturers want the potential customers to be sure that the product actually might achieve 130 PSI if needed. For, say, 700x20 tires (very skinny ones), that would be a very reasonable pressure. 

(or, by the way, just to save your arm muscles from inflating a skinny tire up to a very high pressure) To use the cartridge, it must be attached to an inflator, which allows you to control how much pressure you desire. The key issue is: since there is not a pressure gauge, the only way to know the right point is to know beforehand what the right pressure "feels like" with your current tire, and then trying to replicate that after you fix the tire, for example: Look for a thinner tire. Not all 25 are the same. Limited but there are some 24. Or drop down to 23 like batman said (+1). If you try other 25 mm the good news it you can still use it as a spare front but you already have one spare front. Something like a Continental Grand Prix Force 24 mm? 

It takes a volume of air to seat a tubeless. Even if you lube the tire it takes a volume of air to get it to pop onto the seat. Cannot deliver that volume with my floor pump. At the shop they remove the core to the presta and have this conversion tube they put over the open stem with a compressor on the other end. 

A fatter tire is more resistant to both pinch and puncture flats. Race tires naturally have the shortest life. Mud is a whole different beast. 

I was in a cyclocross race recently where we had a few inches of rain over the prior 2 days. There were both mountain bikes with 2+" tires and cyclocross with 33-35mm. The cyclocross were more effective. Even muddy grass the smaller tires did better. The bigger tires got pushed around and still did not get good surface traction. 

Get a good track pump. It doesn't have to be expensive, but $25-$50 can get you a pretty good pump, that will last you a life time. Before I got a track pump, I got quite a few flats, now I get almost none. This may matter more with high pressure road tires. The better quality the pump, the more you will use it, and the smaller chance that you will get a pinch flat from low pressure. Although it appears you bought 1.375 which is a decimal size, so it should fit modern bikes. However 1.375 = 1-3/8 which is the size the review is talking about. According to Sheldon, 26x1-3/8 would have a BSD of 597mm or 590mm while newer 26 inch bikes have a BSD of 559mm, making the old sized tired too big for modern rims. 

Did you get the right size of liners? They sell a couple different sizes (you can tell the size by the color). I have 28s and I didn't have that much trouble putting them in. Maybe narrow tires are more troublesome. Also, I've had great experiences with tuffy tire liners. Combined with Gatorskins, tires are pretty resistant to punctures. Ran over a broken beer bottle, heard it crush under my tires, and still no flat. A little tricky to get them in there, but defintely not something you have to do very often. Probably worth the trouble. Checking their site, you should have the orange liners.