A google search on "Decline of Christianity in Britain" will reveal multiple articles by eminent Britons that agree that Christianity is declining. Lord Carey thinks soAmericans think so. The Telegraph thinks so. There are many examples of propaganda in the American revolution. A few that come to mind off the top of my head: I cannot bring to mind any British propaganda of the period apart from the song Yankee Doodle, which originally mocked the colonist's pretensions. Certainly Ministers made statements and speeches, but those were not propaganda because they were intended to accomplish the governance function, not to persuade. One could argue that the Intolerable Acts were a form of propaganda, but I find that a weak argument. Franklin's appearance in the Pit was a form of propaganda, but it really just confirmed the opinions of those who held them, it didn't seek to change opinions. (Perhaps North would have argued that it should have changed American opinions). At the end of the Revolutionary war the United States had a massive war debt (If I recall correctly, it was higher than any time other than the present, or possibly WWII). The new countries primary trade partner was Great Britain, who was reluctant to trade with a country that had a huge war debt to Great Britain and no practical way to pay that debt. It is important to remember that much of the routine work in every military unit is deliberate, and quite sensible, make-work. This is necessary to provide both the training and the command and control redundancy required to cover casualties once combat starts in earnest. When in doubt - check the Oxford English Dictionary: (Compact Edition, Vol. I, p. 1174) In closing, recall the vast number of landing craft that the Allies, and particularly the U.S., employed throughout World War Two in both major theatres. These are, in essence, floating Armoured Personnel Carriers. The use of precious production capacity in their manufacture instead of simpler tracked APC's seems, to me, eminently reasonable. In high school I belonged to the club that volunteered to hand-set and print the school's brochures, flyers, and event programs on an ancient hand press. Modest experience only; but based on that I estimate that an experienced typesetter was no more than only a fifth or tenth as fast as a good calligrapher in producing a document. While multiple pages could be set in parallel by multiple setters, that is difficult to do for a single page. Where the German Army relied on horse-drawn logistical support for the entire war, most likely due to the extreme scarcity of valuable gasoline and diesel fuel, the Allied armies were much more mobile due to being able to relocate support troops, supplies and headquarters units forward much more quickly. This can be seen in the speed of the Allied advance across France after Avranches and Falais. I TAKE the liberty of drawing the especial attention of Your Excellency to the information contained in the enclosed report, our informant being in a particularly good position to know the intentions of the F端hrer and of his principal lieutenants. His new declarations may be summed up as follows: (1) M. Beck's speech will in no way alter the situation. The F端hrer is determined to secure the return of Danzig to Germany, as well as the reunion of East Prussia to the Reich. (2) The F端hrer is patient and cautious, and will not tackle the question in a direct way, for he knows that in future France and Britain would not give way, and that the coalition which he would have to confront would be too strong. He will go on manoeuvring until his time comes. (3) The F端hrer will come to an understanding to this effect with Russia. The day will come when he attains his aims by these means, without the Allies "having any reason, or even any intention, to intervene." It may be that we shall witness a fourth partition of Poland. In any case, "we shall soon see that something is brewing in the East." (4) The equivocal attitude of Japan has contributed to Herr Hitler's orientation towards the U.S.S.R. (5) When the Polish question has once been settled, and Germany's military supremacy definitely assured, Germany will be in a position to come to a conference. ... In my opinion, he may hope to draw advantage from it in three different ways: (1) By arriving at a more or less tacit agreement with the U.S.S.R. which would assure him of the benevolent neutrality of that country in the event of a conflict, perhaps even of her complicity in a partition of Poland. (2) By bringing, through the mere threat of a better understanding with the U.S.S.R., pressure simultaneously to bear on Japan and on Poland, in order to induce the former to sign a military alliance, and the latter to agree to the concessions he is asking for. (3) By bringing the Western Powers, under the threat of collusion between Germany and Russia, to accept certain Soviet demands to which Poland and Rumania would be opposed, and thus to sow discord among the Allies.