If a married woman somehow became slave of a Muslim this would mean she is not a Muslim, as a Muslim can't have (is prohibited to buy) a Muslim slave! Ibn al-Sabbah said in his version: Muharramah means a mount which has not been used for riding. 

We may conclude: you are allowed to have intercourse with your wife once you are married to her by means of witnesses, acceptance of guardian and herself, and if a mahr is fixed (even if not payed yet), but you should treat her the best way you can. An article on how to end up a haram relationship After divorce the guardian is asked here not to hinder the former spouses to remarry if they both want to get back together! and to get to know other people is one of the reasons for marriage. 

According the Sunni point of view nikah al-Muta' is haram because it has a touch of zina and it is considered as abrogated! 

Those who fear for themselves from falling into what is forbidden if they do not get married. For those, it is mandatory to marry in the opinion of the general jurisprudence scholars, as this protects them from sinning and provides a legitimate means [to fulfill their desires] through marriage. 

Assuming that all requirements (pillars and conditions) of an Islamic marriage were fulfilled, the marriage in question is Islamically valid. Neither a specific age of either bride or groom, nor consideration for public interest (regional legality in this case) are requirements of an Islamic marriage. Therefore Australian law may render the marriage legally void, but not Islamically void. Lawful marriage Unlawful marriage (e.g., Nikah al-Mut'aa according to Sunnis, or secret marriage not witnessed or publicly announced, or incest marriage, etc.) Right to exercise divorce ('isma) Right to terminate marriage (mostly through conditions imposed in the marriage contract) Sexual relation (either within the bounds of marriage, or extra-marital) Mixing of two things (e.g., nikah al matar indicating mixing of soil with rain water) Feeling sleepy (e.g., sleepiness doing nikah on one's eyes) 

Both the bride and groom must be specified publicly. Both the bride and groom must be pleased with one another. A qualified wali conducts the marriage on behalf of the bride. The marriage contract must be public and witnessed by two qualified Muslim men. If any condition is not fulfilled, this does not automatically invalidate the marriage contract. It is required at this stage to consult a scholar on how to rectify the situation, and to check if another marriage contract is required. For example, the lack of two witnesses may be offset by a publicly announced marriage (according to Malik, Al-Zuhri, and Ibn Taymiyyah).