Inevitably, theirs was a complicated relationship. This is from Conrad Black's Franklin Delano Roosevelt: Champion of Freedom: The most prominent victim was Marshal Mikhail Tukhachevsky, the leading advocate of mobile warfare. His arrest and execution also represented the deliberate destruction of the Red Army's operational thinking, which had encroached dangerously upon Stalin's preserve of strategy [...] Two and a half years after the purge began, the Red Army presented a disastrous spectacle in the Winter War against Finland. Marshal Voroshilov, Stalin's old crony from the 1st Cavalry Army, displayed an astonishing lack of imagination. The Finns outmaneuvered their opponents time after time. Their machine gunners scythed down the massed Soviet infantry struggling forward through the snowfields. Only after deploying five times as many men as their opponents, and huge concentrations of artillery, did the Red Army begin to prevail. Hitler had observed this lamentable performance with excitement. Immediately after the Nagasaki bombing the Allies did not possess any more atomic bombs. It is true, as Groves puts it, 'our entire organization both at Los Alamos and at Tinian was maintained in a state of complete readiness to prepare additional bombs', but, as he himself reported to General Marshall, the earliest data at which the next bomb could be assembled for use was 17 August, and almost everybody expected the war to be over by then. Overall, it seems at least in Iran there were neither direct nor effective (from a Nazi German point of view) operations to destroy supply routes in the Persian corridor in World War II. UPDATE: I now realize that I have answered a slightly different question by mistake, i.e. one for pairs of wars with a time span of 25 years or less (sic!) in between. Sorry for that. Kubizek saw Hitler for the last time on 23 July 1940, although as late as 1944 Hitler sent Kubizek's mother a food basket for her 80th birthday ... He does not buy into historical rumors about the planned assassination of Winston Churchill, Franklin Roosevelt, and Joseph Stalin at the 1943 Tehran Conference (Operation Long Jump, claims of which may have been a Soviet propaganda effort). Operation François also in 1943, a German parachute mission to make contact with the dissident mountain tribes to encourage them to sabotage Allied supplies, seems to be better sourced, if also ineffective. Antony Beevor's Stalingrad contains some supporting material on perceived weaknesses of the Red Army esp. following Stalin's domestic purges: When the tide began to turn against Hitler's favour, Kubizek, who had avoided politics all his life, became a member of the NSDAP in 1942 as a gesture of loyalty to his friend. August Kubizek is another individual with whom Hitler seemed to have sustained some bonds of friendship. I've read about him in Brigitte Hamann's Hitler's Vienna: A Portrait of the Tyrant as a Young Man, which perhaps is a very good overall source on the topic. As a European who has been born in the 1960s I rather often comment to my friends that it has been extraordinary good fortune for us members of an generation that hasn't had to witness war (from up-close) during their lifetimes (keeping fingers crossed.) I give credit partly to the shocks of the two WWs (on the destructive side) and the developments leading up to the founding of the EU (on the constructive side) each. BTW, there are also interesting original documents available from the Truman Library. And if you want my personal opinion: two such bombs were more than enough.