I am curious about the emphasized information, how long did it take to travel, for example between Berlin and Vienna for a diplomat? What mode of travel was likely taken by a diplomat? It seems to be a high-ranking position, so maybe they took the convenient (but not fastest) mode of transportation. I imagine it was very difficult to conduct diplomacy when it takes days (or weeks?) to send diplomats and get feedback. 

I was reading the Wikipedia entry for the War of the Bavarian Succession, and it said (my emphasis): How did the governmental or societal structure in the First French Empire and its allied states significantly differ from their enemies, that allows them to claim to be revolutionary? 

During the Napoleonic Wars (especially towards the end), France and most of its allies (e.g. Kingdom of Italy, Duchy of Warsaw, Kingdom of Spain) are absolute monarchies. However, they seemed to genuinely claim that they were revolutionary forces fighting a revolutionary wars. 

The States General themselves date back to the 15th century. The right of the States General to convene on their own initiative had been recognised in 1477 by Mary of Burgundy. The Royal Society is, perhaps, the oldest learned society still in existence. It was founded in November 1660. Its founding members claimed to have been influenced by the "new science" - that was promoted by Francis Bacon in his New Atlantis. 

Either way, we will have to wait until full publication before we can draw any firm conclusions. 

The Museum of London offers an "Object Identification" service for objects found in London. 

Back in the UK, the newspapers, had followed the progress of the Siege of Mafeking. When the siege was broken, Baden-Powell became a national hero. On the back of this, people bought the small manual, Aids to Scouting, he had written some years earlier about military scouting and wilderness survival. This fuelled public interest in the subject of scouting. In Bashkiria, 2% belong to Čimarij jüla and Tengrism. 

In this article "Does Putin really need Nobel Peace Prize", it is claimed that the Nobel Peace Prize laureate Martti Ahtisaari had the following conversation with Serbian president Miloshevich during the Miloshevich-Ahtisaari-Chernomyrdin meeting (my translation from Russian): But the main reason for capturing this region was, I think, making a tunnel towards Cristian Georgia to help it against Turkey after Georgians appealed to the Russian Tsar for incorporation of their lands into Russian Empire. First note that besides Chechnya there are some related and similar peoples in the North Caucasus: Ingushs, Dagestan peoples, Adygh people, Circassians etc. That is Chechnya is only a part of greater North Caucasus community. Notice also the following. Germans used various legal tricks against the Jews, sometimes reaching the desired effect even without explicit racist legislation. 

As to the ghettos, they were not implemented in 1938 yet, but when they were they were seen as a means of national self-determination for the Jews. Initially the ghettos were just Jewish districts where Jews enjoyed a high level of autonomy and self-government, up to law enforcement. This level of Jewish autonomy was not seen in Europe ever. This was quite in line with various projects for national self-determination in the USSR, say the recently-created Jewish Autonomous Oblast in the Far East in the USSR.