If you put in the time grinding, studying, and reviewing your play you'll be better than the vast majority of players out there which, over the long run, will result in $$$. 

Also consider buying Jared Tendler's Mental Game of Poker. It's considered the best book on managing poker tilt out there. 

And then be honest with yourself during your play. If you know you get tilted if you lose 2-3 buy-ins, set a stoploss. For instance, lots of cash players will quit the game entirely for the day if they're down three buy-ins, simply because they know they won't be able to play their best. And even if you aren't down three buy-ins, but you know you are tilted, or tired, or just playing badly, leave. Quit. 

The idea is to put in quality volume. Leaving a cash table when you are playing your best and are in the zone simply because you've won money is a bad, bad idea. You need to capitalize on when you're playing your best. Don't say you'll leave after you gain/lose this much, say I'm going to play 60 minutes of $0.01/$0.02 and try to make the best possible decisions I can, regardless of the outcomes. 

Put in as much quality volume and quality study/review as you can per day. If you know you're tilted/tired, stop playing and study/review. Do NOT fall prey to the tendency all new poker players have to become an autopiloting grinder at micro-stakes. This is basically poker purgatory. It's far more important to play, say, 2-4 tables of cash while focusing on making good reads and decisions instead of mindlessly grinding 16 tables. So, so many people, myself included, have made this mistake. 

Your question is slightly all over the place but I'll try to answer it the best I can. 

Identifying your opponents strategy. Determine, and implement, the maximally exploitative response. So, before you even sit down at a table, whether it's online or live, you should have, at the minimum, a readless starting hand range that will maximally exploit the strategies of the average population. That's a pretty complex task but you can, once you understand the general idea, come up with a rough starting hand range that will do well versus the population. 

This is causing a major outcry from all regulars/professionals. The increased rake will result in high-stakes professionals losing tens of thousands, for nosebleed stakes potentially over a $100k, of profit to PokerStars due to the increased rake. I myself, a mid-stakes players, would have lost another ~$2600 USD to PokerStars so far this year if these new rake percentages were in effect. This is likely going to cause a large amount of regulars/professionals to move to other sites or they'll quit playing poker professionally entirely. Amaya is really screwing over a lot of regs with this. 

From what I've heard and read, one of the most advanced poker bots is PokerSnowie, an artificial intelligence built using a neural network. That's only being used in training software though. As for online poker bots actually playing, and avoiding detection, on PokerStars for instance... I'm not sure. Any poker bot not based on a neural network is liking just playing a static maximally exploitative strategy vs. population tendencies, with pre-programmed adjustments for certain player types and frequencies. They likely can grind out a profit, albeit not a large one. 

Note that all of these changes are likely due to Amaya trying to get into the US market. Increased fees & rake to pay for lobbying efforts, taxes, etc. Still, they're driving away a huge part of their customer base by doing this. Hopefully things work out in the long run. 

Consider this. Every single person that decides to play poker will have to pay $$$ for their poker education. Lots of new players will be losing players for some time before they become skilled enough to win consistently. So at what stakes do you want to pay for your poker education? Micro-stakes $0.01/$0.02 or mid-stakes $2/$5? Obviously micro-stakes. Just keep in mind that the focus when you're playing micro-stakes should be on learning and improving instead of grinding out volume. Review your hand histories, watch videos, and so on. This will pay off so much in the long run and when you move up you'll be well prepared to crush.