training, training, training. It all starts at the youth level. Most kids only pick up a baseball at practices. They play video games for fun, not catch. The fact that kids aren't out playing catch 5-7 days a week probably has a lot of long-term effects on their arm strength, ability to recover, flexibility and so on. I personally pitched from 5 years-old on. I can't ever remember my arm being sore until I started lifting. We played catch every day, lots of long toss. I pitched at least 3 games a week. Basically I started every game and did the max innings (4 at the time) and would start the next game if league let you (leagues/tournaments only limited pitching limits so you couldn't ride one kid to a championship not because of injury risk). Could the training be changed? Yes. But it would probably take a few years of development under new routine to see results and often young players aren't anywhere or even in the same organization for a few years. A few major league teams have their own special sauce (Cardinals focus on a lot of long toss on off days) but they are fighting with "stars" who are making millions and already have their routine. You can catch a teammate after they catch the ball to keep them from getting injured. Even if an opposing player tried to catch someone to keep them from getting injured, this is fair - umpires call on intent. Will this ever change. I can't see it now at the MLB level. Pitchers are getting paid. If they pitched 25% more they would want a raise. Teams won't give them a raise until it works, players (players' agents) will fear extra pitching equals more injuries - which historically is incorrect, and then the two sides will go around in circles. It would basically take one star to do this and win over his teammates, which may start another team trying the strategy. Now if I am the defensive player if I am smart I act nonchalant and stick out my glove to ask for the ball. When he puts ball in my glove or flips it to me, I then slap a tag on him as quick as possible. I have seen this at least once (clear memory of one time in a game I umped and possibly more). If the runner doesn't ask for time and flips the ball to player, it is a live ball. It is still not interference or obstruction unless he was trying to take off to the next bag. The defensive player can slap a tag on him during this ball shagging and the player can be called out. Also as an umpire I would probably not grant a timeout to a player who has already stepped off the bag to shag a ball. He is not in a neutral situation so I would make him return to bag before granting this. If a runner is just helping fetch a ball he is not performing any type of misconduct. There is also no obstruction because what would be the obstruction? He is on a base - so he is safe to that bag. And the fielder doesn't have a play so again there is nothing to obstruct. 

There is no rule to reference because there aren't rules for non-infractions. If I were umping the game and I thought the player was trying to help I would simply just yell and ask him not to touch the ball. If I thought he was trying to be a smartass or cause a disruption then I warn him then kick him out the next time. 

Now if a teammate assists/helps before the catch is made I am calling interference every single time. It is simply "interference" which can be called on an out or safe call and can go either way. There are rules all over sports exactly like this. For instance in baseball and hockey the playing with a helmet was not forced outright to vets who had played without. Please visit baseball-rules.com for a full understanding - this is what I would send my new umps to when I chiefed. Note: Your title indicates the question being around fielders too. They can wear batting gloves. Batting gloves cannot contain foreign substances on them. What is a foreign substance? Something that you wouldn't innately find on a baseball diamond. 

Update: Listening to Mike and Mike (ESPN Radio) this morning they quoted Elias Sports Bureau in saying that this is the most home runs through three games in the history of baseball. Another thing to consider is that the 7th inning is usually an inning that you see a reliever, or you continue to see a dominant starter. In the reliever case, hitters production drops off (most people think it is because you only see that guy for one at bat every once in a while). In the starter case, to begin the 7th inning the starter would be throwing a pretty solid game (probably a quality start) and it can be hard to say that even with the pitch count rising that he will be less effective. 

Of the sports listed, Basketball and Football are most reliant on size. This chart shows the average size of players from various sports. When a pitcher balks, a ball is issued to the batter, all runners advance 1 base. 

I don't not consider baseball a sport where you play the ball and not the man, as hitting versus a pitcher that throws in the 90's vs the 70's is a significant difference. A sport that could fit into that is golf. The ball lies the same no matter whom is playing it. This leads to Annika Sorenstam who played with the men on the PGA tour and missed the cut in the Bank of America Colonial tournament. During the same year she was able to win on the LPGA tour, leading me to believe that even for a woman to make the cut on the PGA tour would be a significant accomplishment.