At the battle of Shiloh, for instance, Confederate general Albert Sydney Johnston attacked Ulysses S. Grant with 47,000 men against 33,000 for Grant. The South was winning until Johnston was shot and killed, which may have put a damper on Southern morale. Also, Grant had assembled ALL of his artillery (field artillery, siege guns, gunboats) at the Pittsburgh Landing for a "last stand" (the Union had an important advantage in this branch of service.) 

The first kind of prisoners were quite common particularly in totalitarian societies such as Nazi Germany or the Soviet Union (e.g. in World War II). 

The Crimean war was perhaps the first war to the be "reported" to the public, through new inventions such as the telegraph and the photography. The heavy (and well publicized) cost of the Crimean War led to the introduction of the Victoria Cross for valor in battle, which, unlike earlier decorations, was awarded to both officers and men, beginning the "democratization" of British society. 

Why didn't this happen in other battles of say Marlborough? In most cases, the two sides were more evenly matched inb both numbers and generalship, and there wasn't a pattern of shifting fortunes due to the presence or absence of half or so of one side's army. The multiday battle pattern appears NOT to have anything to do with American exceptionalism. 

Early debouched from the Shenandoah Valley, cut a swath across Maryland and southern Pennsylvania, and threatened Washington. 

As for the ancient multiday battles, Thermopylae was basically a siege, at least after a Greek traitor showed the Persians a "back" road over which to surround the Greeks, while the battle of Leipzig was decided by some Saxon troops deserting Napoleon and joining the Allies, reinforcing them, and "de reinforcing" Napoleon. 

The first stage of the war started when the other Italian states asked two large, outside powers, France and Spain/HRE to help them against Venice. That's why it was the League of Cambrai. In the second stage of the war, France was seen as the bully, and first the Papal states, then Spain/HRE allied with Venice against France. Henry VIII"s England also joined the anti-French alliance. 

I don't know enough about other wars to know if the American Civil War featured more multi-day battles, but will take a stab at why it did, and why others might not. 

There were three major players in Italy: 1) France 2) Spain/Holy Roman Empire (HRE) (treat them as one unit since one man, Charles V, ruled both, and 3) Venice, the "local bully."