Is this true? I could not find any censored photos or articles of him, and the primary source for this claim - Sugawara Yutaka, Yamatogokoro: Fukumen shogun Yanagawa Heisuke Seidan - doesn't seem to be on the internet. 

So I can't see why Luodian was so important, given its poor (apparent) strategic value and defensibility. And yet both sides considered it important and fought hard for it: 

According to The Pacific War: Japan Versus the Allies by Alan J. Levine, corruption was a partial cause: 

Eventually the NRA simply compensated by using corps, composed of 2-3 divisions, as the basic tactical unit: 

So in order to compare formations, you can divide the number of Chinese divisions by 2 or 3 to get the actual strength in numbers. 

It's clear from many facts that this town was strategically important, but it's not clear why this is so. Consider this map (actually I couldn't find a good map, so Google Maps would do fine too): 

Gorbachev, an astute enough politician, saw what was going on, saw that the old Soviet system was by now beyond saving and took a reasonable step: he invited those republics who have not seceded (9 out of 15) to negotiate a new federal compact. In effect, the Soviet Union was going to be replaced by a new creation, the Union of Sovereign States. 

I am also curious about the reactions of left-leaning intellectuals (aka "fellow-travellers"). 

Whether this would have really become policy or remained just a bit of Churchillian bluster is impossible to tell. 

In brief The referendum was not about "continued governance by the communist party" because by the time the referendum was held the communist party had already effectively abdicated its power - the train had certainly left that station by then. 

However, the source cited in wikipedia does not provide any details of the public outrage. I would like to know what form did it take? Did people write editorials? Did deputies protest in the Reichstag? Rallies? Lectures? Petitions? Demonstrations? 

The regional elites now sensed weakness on behalf of the central government and saw an opportunity to assert themselves. Thus during 1990 many republics of the USSR either seceded or asserted their "sovereignty", finding themselves at loggerheads with the central authorities. Which laws were now to take precedence? The federal or the republican ones?