In fact, the case was far from settled. While the original Zermelo set theory can be interpreted as being a FO theory (with the separation axiom replaced by an axiom scheme with an axiom for each FO formula), according to Zermelo's own conception it was a second-order theory (with the separation axiom as a single axiom). Zermelo remained a strong proponent of a second-order set theory. Indeed, most logicians did use different fragments of logic for different task and they did not shy to employ second-order theories or anomalous FO theories (i.e. including infinitary operations). And Gödel, although he argued for a FO *meta*language, used a variant of type theory in his famous paper in 1931! Conclusion So, to answer your question: Informal logic is definitely the keyword you're looking for. The bad news is that the field is not systematized and so there is no simple "Introduction to informal logic" covering all aspects you might be looking for. The moral of the story here: Don't give up just because you don't find something fitting on your first try. 

That's not the case. You are somehow mixing together the first and the second incompleteness theorem and drawing a misleading conclusion. Briefly put: 

1. The practice of reasoning in theory Informal logic is not a discipline, but draws from many disciplines to carry out and study very different tasks and topics, such as: 1. Two traditions in logic It seems to me that it was Russell's discovery of the famous paradox in 1901 in Cantor's naive set theory (discovered independently by Zermelo, who communicated it to Hilbert) that started it all. Since the paradox also appeared in Frege's formalized version of naive set theory, logicians started to devise various ways of avoiding the problem and built new set theoretic approaches. The two most important proposals which fixed these (and other) paradoxes were Russell's type theoretic set theory and Zermelo's set theory. 

It is hard nowadays to understand what doing logic means without a language-metalanguage distinction and a syntax-semantics distinction! (There is even the suspicion that Skolem's axiomatization was FO by chance…! There is some good evidence that a lot of the finest minds of their times - like Fraenkel and von Neumann - had trouble developing a real understanding of the difference between FOL and SOL in the mid 20s!).