If we don't succeed, we know that the afternoon and evening will be a little tougher. One thing we are very clear about: No whining, no begging. He may choose to end his nap, but we won't accept any kind of blackmail (crying) because he wants movie/candy/whatever. He is allowed to play with his toys just like always, and he may ask us to play along just like always. But he is not allowed to set our agenda, or to demand unusual things (in our case, movies or candy are in the "unusual" category and is not on offer when he's grumpy). 

Addendum: Depending on when my kids finally fall asleep, I have anywhere between zero and two hours for myself, but this time is normally not spent reading or with TV because there's grown-up stuff to do in the household -- maintenance, planning, preparations. Actual play time for myself is a rare and special treat... I'm sure that once my smallest son is old enough to be able to safely entertain himself for an hour or so, time for myself becomes available again. 

I have three recommendations for you: 

My kids and the neighbor's kid are all in the same kindergarten group. Despite having plenty of interaction there, they seek even more contact. That's not bad in itself, of course, but it's annoying that they climb onto the top of the swing set in order to see each other over the hedge and across the street - and then they yell really loud. 

His father says he is just spoiled and I thought he was being insensitive, but the more I get to know my stepson, the more I realize my husband is right. My stepson spends a lot of time with his grandparents, partly because that's my husband's culture and partly due to our jobs. It is comical how much they spoil him. He gets a new toy, worth $30-80 every single weekend. They go to extreme levels to meet his every command. The other day, his grandmother brought him juice and he remarked that the glass was cold, so she held it for him while he drank from it. 

My 9-year-old stepson has terrible tantrums. I was abused as a child and used to act out as a result. Teachers and other adults were very hostile to me and failed to recognize my cries for help. So when I was first getting to know this boy, I was under the assumption that children act out because they are misunderstood and in pain and need help. So whenever he had a tantrum, I would bring him a blanket and some warm milk and stroke his hair and do anything I could to comfort him. 

My husband and I are trying our best to not spoil him in order to "undo" all the spoiling, but it's clearly not enough. My husband has tried everything he could for the past nine years to get his parents to stop spoiling him - he has explained the problem to them, begged them and fought with them. They are extremely stubborn and insist they are doing nothing wrong. 

Addendum: Depending on when my kids finally fall asleep, I have anywhere between zero and two hours for myself, but this time is normally not spent reading or with TV because there's grown-up stuff to do in the household -- maintenance, planning, preparations. Actual play time for myself is a rare and special treat... I'm sure that once my smallest son is old enough to be able to safely entertain himself for an hour or so, time for myself becomes available again. 

they climb so high just to see each other. (The hedge is dying and we're forced to put up a fence this year; we're contemplating making it really high.) they yell so loud that the whole neighborhood can hear them. I suspect several neighbors might be annoyed by that, and personally we don't feel that's an appropriate way to communicate. their yelling is senseless bragging or teasing, or promising to come over despite not having asked the parents first. they continue to disregard our commands to get down from there and stop yelling and they're upset when we lift them down onto the lawn and send them indoors. How would you handle this? Obviously the fence height isn't going to be a practical solution - we want to deal with this properly and personally.