Just firing all strikers and hiring new people just isn't feasible. So the cost of a strike is more than just the sum of hours of productivity lost. 

What is the result? A strike is a lose/lose situation for everyone involved. 

You might remember the TTIP agreement which was designed with a lot of influence by industry lobbyists. The citizen lobbyists were not invited and reacted by rallying the European public against it. 

An internet provider could publicly commit to maintaining net neutrality and use that commitment as an unique selling proposition in their advertisement. Consumers who care about net neutrality could then vote with their wallets and switch to that internet provider. 

Negotiation strategy International trade agreements are so complex because no side wants to be exploited. That's why countries think very carefully about what kind of free trade to allow and what regulations apply. This sometimes means to make concessions: "You may underbid our domestic producers with this good, and in exchange you introduce our safety standards for producing that good so you can no longer underbid us on the world market". Exports are another question entirely. I first thought you were located in the US and then realized you were not, which means most US-based services are not available to you and any US products you might own would have been imported. Now, why would you expect that the US necessarily exports something you might want and/or can afford? In principle, it is entirely possible for the country to produce a lot of things and be richer than any other country on earth without exporting anything at all. 

To the extent that the US went further than Europe in moving some things outside the realm of domestic production and to the private sector (eating out at McDonald's compared to cooking at home to use a cliché), it could have a seemingly higher GDP while producing essentially the same thing (e.g. a meal). Other services might seem completely unremarkable to you. It's a well-known and quite interesting fact that even low-productivity sectors see an increase in wages as the economy as a whole gains in productivity. So hairdressers and sale clerks in the US might not be doing anything special but they sell their services for a higher price and they have a lot of purchasing power compared to people elsewhere in the world, just because they do what they do in a rich country. 

Finally, secure storage facilities do cost money. Even if you have to pay some foreign country for storage (traditionally it was not necessary but some countries now charge for it), it might still be cheaper than creating or enlarging your own vaults. Specifically, the big agreements in the news, the TPP, the TTIP, the CETA, etc. are all “new generation” trade agreements between countries that are already members of the World Trade Organisation and trading manufactured goods more-or-less freely. These agreements are an attempt to deal with the collapse of the Doha round of the GATT and the difficulties of the WTO and are mostly about things like patents or services, which are inherently very complex. 

Supply chains in this industry tend to be particularly complex but it's almost certainly untrue that your car is entirely made in Germany. Meanwhile, French factory workers go on strike against French car companies moving more and more activities to other places in Europe like Romania and Toyota advertises the Yaris as a car “made in France”. It's just way more complicated than the name on the product might suggest.