The problem with one's own children is two-fold: 

It would have the added side benefit of the GOP being able to claim that they took the almost unheard of (for either party) step of putting aside partisan considerations to do what's right by expelling one of their own who just won an election. This would greatly enhance their reputation and standing with independent and younger voters, even if there were accusations of more cynical motives (which could easily be turned around on accusers, who would be painted as complaining that they did the right thing). 

Why they were our allies, at any particular time, and why they did or did not get assistance from the USA is all linked to the US relationship with their constant rival, through the years, Iran. 

Since the USA essentially put him in place and propped him up, he was considered to be a USA ally and enjoyed extensive financial, military and logistical largess as the USA's main proxy in the strategically vital, oil-rich region. 

I think McConnell and the establishment wing of the party always felt like Moore would not be a great fit for what they want to do. He's a bit of a loose cannon, might chafe at following marching orders, and generally behaves like the kind of a caricature that liberals might draw to try and defame conservatives, which reflects poorly on the party when they want to court the ever-growing independent voting bloc. He also defeated the primary opponent they all wanted. 

Yes, they were, for a few years, right up until they invaded Kuwait and the US counter-invaded Iraq. 

Now, that may seem like a tangent, but what I'm setting the stage for is this - the tobacco industry, then, and the fossil fuel industry now, have been able to delay and minimize actions against their interests, largely by muddying the waters and creating a faux debate where none actually exists. Now, would they have been able to do so effectively if it was just "Marlboro refutes the medical science" or "British Petroleum denies global warming"? Or were they able to do so because "Concerned Scientists Against Liberal Overreach" (hypothetical front organization name, do not Google for it) trot out a lot of phony arguments that don't hold water, but are a step removed from the obvious bias and self-interest in making the phony claims?