Does anyone see any course of action here? Thanks in advance. I am the project manager for a team composed of employees who were hired specifically as QA or development prior to agile/scrum being adopted by the organization. Just for background, I came into the organization after the implementation of scrum. As a project manager, none of the team members directly report to me. I have discussed this with their managers individually and while they agree this is a problem, they feel that they can't force this. I feel that what they're really saying is: 1. There's nothing left in this sprint that I WANT to do. 2. I really want to get a head start on that so I have less work to do next sprint. The most direct result of this is that QA is constantly behind. When we start a sprint there are already several items ready for QA. While they work on these items, things keep piling up and at the end of the sprint we've got a giant set of items in QA and developers saying they have nothing to do. Of course with items not getting finished in a sprint, the next sprint comes and the problem keeps getting slightly worse and worse as QA can't keep up. But don't take my word for it: google "Why multdisciplined Scrum teams" Edit: Why specialized teams are a bad idea 4) Specialized teams have to hand work off before the software is working. If you have a backend team, a UI team, and a QA team each team needs to hand off the work to another team, before the software is actually fully functional. Bugs found by the QA team need to be handed back to a different team, which then goes to another team, which then goes.... etc. This breaks the idea of delivering working software at the end of each sprint, and greatly increases project time with all the context switching required. 3) Specialized teams are bad at design. The more focused your teams are on one aspect of your projects, the less likely they will be able to see and understand the overarching design of your project. You say that people participate in more than 1 project at a time. I would really, really encourage you to stop doing this. Assign a project to a team, and let them finish it. Assigning more than 1 project to the same team will generally result in both projects taking longer (due, mostly, too context switching). Unless there is a substantial blocking problem, try to keep it at 1 project per team at a time. Those are the four dimentions of management for any kind of situations. I always apply them, but finding a new and innovating way every time for any new projects. If the project is the same, we repeat one past succesful experience. I do not like being in a too rigid frame honestly. 1) Planning: What are you going to do and with what kind of ressources. project manager : the person in charge to make all management decisons. team: those who who deliver the job. client: the ones who pay the money to get a project done. That is the traditionnal way to manage a project, but I think it is still the best. I prefer a lighter, self desinged model, that anyone could agree on after a meeting. So I prefer to talk about the: 2) Organizing: Putting people together with material ressources to do the job. 3) Directing: Leading the team trough the process from the beginning till the end.