Macro Mechanic The Terran are unique in that they have two different macro mechanics. First they have the Orbital Command center which allows the production of MULEs which harvest minerals at 3x the rate of normal workers and allow normal workers to harvest the same Crystal at the same time (a net result of an increase of 3 workers even when fully saturated). Its worth noting that the limited life span of the MULE means that it will harvest 240-270 minerals over the span of its life. While the Orbital Command increases economic production, the Terran have a different mechanic to increase unit production, the Reactor. Reactor allows for double production of units from an attached unit building structure. Since these two mechanics do not have the tension between the two that is present in the Zerg or Protoss mechanics, both mechanics are limited in important ways. While a Reactor allows for double production, it is of only certain units (Marines, Hellions, Vikings, Medivac). The other units require an attached techlab for production instead. This limits production of other units or those units. Fortunately the Terran build's ability to fly allows for quick switching between addons. The Orbital Command is balanced by being forced to spend energy on either a MULE or Scans or upgrading Supplies. Usually players will tell you that MULEs are always the best choice as the opportunity cost is at least 240 minerals. Additionally, a Terran player must choose between Orbital Command and Planetary Fortress (an excellent aoe defensive structure). In comparison to the large number of decisions a Terran player must make about their macro mechanic, it is relatively easy to use. Excess energy for MULEs can be used later with little cost, buildings with addons don't require additional attention to use. If you don't like trying to do the "back and forth" dance, you can always push for early drop play. His heavy economic investment means that he won't have a large army and some well place Zergling (or Baneling if you're feeling naughty) drops will really tear holes in his economy. For the tl;dr crowd who only care about the usage I will give you a quick break downs: 

Somewhere during game 3, you find yourself in just such a situation. Tarson is pushing out with a heavy Mech force backed up by a number of Thors, and you see yourself with a Muta heavy army. All of sudden those words echoing in the back of your head ring true. Spreading out your units you use, what will be later known as, the magic box. The Thors crumple under the weight of your Mass Mutalisks with only a single one dying, and every Zerg player watching at home has the exact same reaction: “OH EM GEE!” It’s a story with a happy ending (if you’re a Zerg). Right before the match, however, one of your friends and practice partners comes up to you saying, “I just had this crazy idea. Remember how if you move, not attack move, with Mutalisks, they stay spread out? And it always makes them harder to micro with? What if, and just thinking here, in Muta vs Thor, you don’t micro them into clusters?” You give him a funny look, why would you micro into clusters against Thors? “No, I mean you just move instead of attack moving, so your Muta are already spread out.” Seeing your apprehension, he adds on, “I tried it last night, there is no splash.” The conversation is cut short as you’re rushed on stage for your match, the words “no splash” ringing somewhere in the back of your head. Group your Mutalisks Move them out of harms way and press "stop" Wait for them to spread out Move (not attack move) near by the Thor No two Muta should be hit by the splash Once the Mutalisks stop on their own you can Focus Fire the Thor Remember: after the Thor dies you will need to move (not attack move) to the new target or risk bunching up. I'm going to quote myself on this one: