Eventually the NRA simply compensated by using corps, composed of 2-3 divisions, as the basic tactical unit: 

Is this true? I could not find any censored photos or articles of him, and the primary source for this claim - Sugawara Yutaka, Yamatogokoro: Fukumen shogun Yanagawa Heisuke Seidan - doesn't seem to be on the internet. 

Heisuke Yanagawa (柳川 平助) was an IJA Lieutenant General who commanded one of the main armies in the Battle of Nanking. He would have been one of the generals photographed marching into Nanking. I've read in a few places that his photos and news references to him were censored during this time, so that he became known as "the masked shogun". For example, this excerpt from Iris Chang's The Rape of Nanking: 

It's clear from many facts that this town was strategically important, but it's not clear why this is so. Consider this map (actually I couldn't find a good map, so Google Maps would do fine too): 

Given Al Qaida's status in 2001 as a de facto well sponsored arm of the Taliban ruled Afghanistan, I fail to see how anyone can see that particular act as anything but an act of war. 

Having been the victim of this ruse in one war against the French, they thought it was fair game to employ it themselves, tit-for-tat, in another. 

Further, it seems clear that these act, by and of their nature, are deliberate acts of terror, and thus the attempt to split hairs between acts of terror between nations and acts of terror between nationally sponsored organizations pointless. 

HISTORICAL WILD/FERAL [EQUINE] POPULATIONS – US 

The Empire of Germany was again a Federal State rather than a Unitary State; but was not yet a fully developed Constitutional Monarchy; the Kaiser still retained considerable powers that were presumably deemed undesirable in the 1906 Iranian Constitution. 

Although it is confirmed that influenza virus can survive for extended periods of time in frozen lakes, there is no evidence at this time that it can survive in soil that regularly thaws. It seems much more likely that the unsanitary conditions of warfare in the trenches, combined with the very large wards common at the time, created ideal conditions for the rapidly mutating Influenza A virus to morph into a fatal and extremely contagious strain. (The two traits are more commonly traded off against each other, except in conditions which keep infected and uninfected individuals in close contact for extended periods of time.) 

Another claim I'd like to verify is the reason, which is that although he was a member of the Kōdō-ha faction, he didn't support their coup so the censorship was a form of payback. I'm skeptical of this as the faction largely disappeared following another failed coup in 1936, and Yanagawa was forced into retirement as part of the purge, only to be brought back during the Second Sino-Japanese War. 

According to The Pacific War: Japan Versus the Allies by Alan J. Levine, corruption was a partial cause: 

It's clear from many facts that this town was strategically important, but it's not clear why this is so. Consider this map (actually I couldn't find a good map, so Google Maps would do fine too): 

Eventually the NRA simply compensated by using corps, composed of 2-3 divisions, as the basic tactical unit: 

Wikipedia also suggests that it was due to bickering warlords who could not agree on whose divisions would be merged or disbanded, also citing corruption as a cause: