In the case of 3 Gate, you'll want to play a little more defensively as that is still a decent push, but if you macro well you should be able to hold it off with your 3 Base up. On the other hand, if he goes FFE or 1 Gate, there are some nice ways to counter. Protoss Punishment Know your Protoss Now, let's say you want to punish a fast expanding Protoss (which I LOVE to do). First you'll need to recognize what kind of fast expand he's doing. Most Protoss favor a 1 Gate expand because it allows them to get early Sentry/Stalker for defense, and because it is easily confused with a 3 Gate expand which allows them to put on major pressure. There did used to be a 4 Gate fake expand, where the Protoss put down a FE and then canceled at the last second, but this has fallen out of favor since the Warpgate nerfs in 1.3.3. Telling the difference between a 3 Gate Expand and a 1 Gate Expand is tricky, and you can rarely get a 'ling scout after he gets up that first Gateway. Frequently I will sacrifice an Overlord at this point (I have nightmares about 3 Gate Expands), but you can also look for the timing on the Nexus. Many 3 Gate Expands will try to get out a Zealot + Stalker before expanding, but 1 Gate expands almost universally go Sentry first. This isn't a guarantee, but I have noticed the trend rather strongly. Finally, there is also the possibility that he's going Forge First (as the player was in your game). This is usually a very early expansion with a Photon Cannon to stop ling run bys. For gas, full saturation is 3, however the third isn't worth as much as the first two. As a result its worth getting a second geyser before putting a third worker on the first. Upgrades More than any other race Terran require their upgrades to function. Every unit has its own upgrades (except Viking/Medivac) all of which are useful and many necessary (Concussive Shell, Siege Mode, Stimpac, etc). The result is a force which often times is very inflexible and unable to adjust to rapid changes in strategy. To make matters worse Weapon/Defensive upgrades are different for each unit producing structure (6 different upgrades). 

Now this hasn't been, by any means, an exhaustive list but it should give you an idea of what kinds of responses you can give to early Protoss FE play. Keep in mind, his army will be weakened for a short period of time (till about 8 minutes) compared to the standard 4 Gate Protoss, and he'll rely heavily on those Photon Cannons for defense (which are not a great investment). Look for holes in his defense and Macro hard, and you should be able to make a good game of it. 

I know some people have answered this but I thought I could add a little data. 

Your Strategy is going to be as follows: 

Air While not the best, Terran air is no slouch. Vikings provide very long range and excel at killing Air units which are effective against ground. Banshees provide great harass (section 4). Ravens are an ever useful caster; so useful that many strategies become unstoppable with the addition of Ravens. Medivacs are often used to bolster Marine/Marauder forces making them not only tougher but more mobile. Finally Battle Cruisers have recently been shown to be extremely effective in even pro matches. On a side point about Zealot/Archon. I'm not sure why people think this is a good combo, but I usually count that as a free win. Zealot/Archon is not extremely mobile against flyers so any Muta harassment play dominates it, and it turns out it's pretty bad against Roach/Hydra as the range of the Archons doesn't let them engage the Hydras, and Zealots are terribad against Roaches. As someone who plays Templar tech Protoss, I do not recommend it. I realize you sometimes need something to tide you over till you get Storm, but consider Colossus into HT transition instead. It's a longer build, but fair more effective. 

Now if he pushes out a more standard 4 Warpgate play, you just FE and play normal vs a 2 Base Protoss. By the time you make a serious push, the Photon Cannons will be a small factor. 

To help you understand this, it’s probably best if I start by explaining what a “Hard Counter” is. The concept of a counter unit is very much based in the children’s game Rock-Paper-Scissors. For those unaware of the game, children simultaneously choose one of the three titular elements, each of which wins against another element while losing against the other differing element (same elements are considered draws). A first glance at Starcraft seems to indicate a similar trend: Hellions do extra damage to light units (which Zerglings are) and can be upgraded even further in this capacity; by comparison Zerglings do not do extra damage to Hellions and, further more, clump up causing them to take additional damage from the Hellions’ AoE . This would imply to the layperson that an army of Zerglings will lose to an army of Hellions. Strangely enough, you’ll see many Zerg players actually employ Speedlings (speed upgraded Zerglings) in defense against Hellions. While this may seem counter intuitive, if the Speedlings can surround the Hellion (thus preventing escape) they are very effective at killing it.