Preverbs seem to have been treated strangely in Pre- and Proto-Germanic, being unstressed and not wholly bound to the verb; for example, clitics could intervene between preverbs and verbs. I'm not really certain about the specifics, but you can see the same development in *bi(-⁠), originally *h₁pi, from PIE *h₁epi. Anglom (talk) 23:34, 17 October 2015 (UTC) So, there are a number of reasons (common etymological origin, complementary distribution, phonetic similarity, similar phonological behavior) for considering [ɸ] to be a mere allophone of /h/... until the introduction of English loanwords. The presence of the phone [ɸ] in native Japanese words meant that Japanese speakers had a sound close to English [f] available to use in the pronunciation of loanwords. In English, /f/ can occur before any vowel, so the use of [ɸ] in Japanese to represent /f/ in English loanwords introduced a lot of words into standard Japanese that have [ɸ] before vowels other than /u/. A is true and B is true A is true and B is false A is false and B is true However, in ordinary English, "A, unless B" seems to additionally imply "if B is true, A is not true". Clearly the author means instead for "A, unless B" to represent "if B is true, A may or may not be true", but that is an extremely unfortunate definition of the word "unless" in my opinion. Has anyone attempted to do so? The reference to Germanic words with the prosthetic vowel may indicate this process continued into Old French, but you'd have to know when the Germanic words entered the language. From what's written here, it could also be the case that these Germanic words were first taken in by an earlier ancestor of both French and other Romance languages (that might be what the author means in speaking of "Romanic" loanwords). And of course, Old French was not a uniform language across all the times and places it was spoken: perhaps in earlier Old French there was still prosthesis, and in later Old French it no longer occurred. It isn't logically necessary for the vowel prothesis to have still been an active process in Old French, though: once the prothetic vowels were introduced in Vulgar Latin, they were simply passed on into successive versions of French, and indeed the vowels remain in the modern descendants of these words, despite the fact that the process that created them is now obsolete. They viewed me as excessive. I was viewed by them as excessive. But you can even get the active construction to not work as in 5 or 6. It would appear, the 'as something' only works when there is no force schema implied by the 'agent patient' relationship. For example, you have no problem with the passive equivalent as you can see in 3 and 4. I just needed a simple reference for a point about the teaching of phonics (it's built on the assumption that Br English has 44 phonemes while many if not most speakers in the UK do not distinguish between 44 phonemes in their speech). Here are a few places that address the complexity of the issue: There are, of course, many more things to read and many more perspectives to consider. This is not just something that can be answered without going into the very foundations of the study of language and that can't (and shouldn't) be done comprehensively on SE. However, we can probably provide a relatively safe starting point. I tried to think of possible reasons, and the only thing I could come up with is possible stress shift from an original Middle English concupiscént/concupiscénce (taken from the stress in French or in Latin concupiscentia) via the somewhat common pattern of putting secondary stress on alternating syllables. Whereas, presumably, the other -scent/-scence words either came into English at a later period, when word-final stress was no longer common, or their pronunciation was remodeled for some reason while that of concupiscence etc. was not. However, the OED does record some OE spellings of onginnan with the letter y instead of i (e.g. ongynnan) which according to my understanding usually represented /y/ in Old English, a vowel which was not usually preceded by a palatalized consonant. [...] The fact that decorum is stressed on the penult, and exodus on the antepenult, is a fact about each of these words that must be memorized separately (unless one is already familiar with the Classical quantities, and in the former case, additionally with the fact that decus -ŏris n. with short -o- syllable became in late Latin decus/decor -ōris m. with long -o- syllable: 'Dómine, diléxi decórem domus tuæ').