Achievements such as "Slice of life" and "Chestmaster 2000" require that you interact with a certain number of interactive objects. These objects appear to all players in co-op, and seem to benefit all players when any one player interacts with them. So - when another player in my party interact with one of these objects, does it count towards my achievements? 

Note that I've modified the bold values based on Rapida's suggestion. I found another thread which confirms that the actual values are15% per stack, up to 75% total. 

Original Answer (with just a few edits where new details are known) 

Lucious the Depraved - a unique Grave Robber - found in Cemetery of the Forsaken - Act 1 

It is also confirmed in that same thread that the male Barbarian from Diablo III is not the same Barbarian from Diablo II, even though this is often speculated - since that was an original plan by Blizzard that was scrapped due to gender differences, and difficulty in plot integration. 

Act I The Fallen Star - Rumford at the Gates: Takes you right to town. Talk to Haedrig and then Leah for 1 conversation each. The Legacy of Cain - Begin Quest: Talk to Leah to begin the quest. Talk to Haedrig and then Leah for 1 conversation each. A Shattered Crown - Begin Quest: Talk to Haedrig for 1 conversation. Talk to Deckard Cain to begin the quest and then talk to Leah for 2 conversations, Deckard Cain for 4 conversations and then Covetous Shen for 4 conversations. Reign of the Black King - The Royal Crypts: Talk to Haedrig for 2 conversations and then Covetous Shen for 1 conversation. Deckard Cain has a conversation that you get by completing the quest, but you should have this one already since you beat the game - if you want to re-listen to it, you can get it at the next point. Sword of the Stranger - Khazra Den: Talk to The Stranger for 1 conversation, then Deckard Cain for 2 conversations, and then Covetous Shen for 1 conversation. The Broken Blade - Talk to Alaric: Talk to The Stranger for 1 conversation. You will need to run through the act a bit to get Leah's 2 conversations as she follows you, 1 while collecting beacons and 1 at the drowned temple. The Doom in Wortham - Begin Quest: Talk to Deckard Cain for his last 4 conversations, and Haedrig and Covetous Shen for 1 conversation each. Talk to The Stranger to begin the quest. Talk to The Stranger again and then Covetous Shen for 1 conversation each. Trailing the Coven - Khazra Barricade: Talk to Leah and then Covetous Shen for 1 conversation each. The Imprisoned Angel - The Cursed Hold: Talk to Covetous Shen for 1 conversation. Return to New Tristram - Begin Quest: Talk to Tyrael twice, Haedrig, and then Covetous Shen for 1 conversation each. Act II A Royal Audience - Begin Quest: Talk to Eirena for 3 conversations, Haedrig for 3 conversations and then Covetous Shen for 6 conversations. Blood and Sand - Begin Quest: Talk to Leah for 3 conversations, Adria for 9 conversations, Tyrael for 8 conversations, and Covetous Shen for 1 conversation. The Black Soulstone - Realm of Shadow: Waypoint to The Archives of Zoltun Kulle and talk to Leah for 1 conversation. The Scouring of Caldeum - Begin Quest: Talk to Adria, Haedrig and Covetous Shen for 3 conversations each. Act III The Siege of Bastion's Keep - Light the Beacons: Talk to Tyrael for 2 conversations. Town Portal. Talk to Haedrig for 3 conversations. Turning the Tide - Begin Quest: Talk to Tyrael to begin the quest. Talk to Tyrael for 4 conversations and Haedrig for 1 conversation. Enter the Armory and talk to Adria for 2 conversations and Leah for 3 conversations. The Breached Keep - Find the Breach: Talk to Tyrael for 3 conversations and Kormac for 11 conversations. Tremors in the Stone - Begin Quest: Talk to Lieutenant Lavail to begin the quest. Talk to Haedrig for 1 conversation and Covetous Shen for 7 conversations. Machines of War - Destroy Ballistae: Talk to Haedrig and Covetous Shen for 1 conversation each. Enter the Armory and talk to Adria for 1 conversation. Heart of Sin - The Second Heart: Talk to Haedrig for 1 conversation and Covetous Shen for 2 conversations. Act IV Fall of the High Heavens - Begin Quest: Talk to Tyrael several times for 3 conversations. Use the nearby waypoint to Bastion's Keep Stronghold. Talk to Kormac for 4 conversations, Lyndon for 14 conversations, Eirena for 8 conversations, and Covetous Shen for 3 conversations. Beneath the Spire - Begin Quest: Talk to Haedrig for 2 conversations and Covetous Shen for 3 conversations. Prime Evil - Enter the Crystal Arch: Talk to Lyndon for 1 conversation, Eirena for 2 conversations and Covetous Shen for 1 conversation. Use the Waypoint to go to The Pinnacle of Heaven and talk to Tyrael for 5 conversations. 

Since it is essential to maintain my Barbarian's disgruntled state, what strategy can I use to best maximize Fury? Does it only come down to each left mouse click? Do I get more for hitting monsters in groups? Does taking damage increase my rage? Should I pattern my use of primary and secondary attacks (P+P+S, P+P+P+S, etc). What is the best strategy? 

Floating monster health bars can be turned on using the "V" key (provided you don't change that hotkey). I hit it all the time by accident, but I like it on. 

John Gorham Coffin - a unique Grave Robber - found in the Defiled Crypt - Act 1 

Paragon Levels Update : From Blizz blog here. 

Note that I've modified the bold values based on Rapida's suggestion. I found another thread which confirms that the actual values are15% per stack, up to 75% total. 

It is also confirmed in that same thread that the male Barbarian from Diablo III is not the same Barbarian from Diablo II, even though this is often speculated - since that was an original plan by Blizzard that was scrapped due to gender differences, and difficulty in plot integration. 

There is a pretty good guide over at d3db here. It includes a spawn point strategy for farming the Act I ghosts. The diablowiki also has a concise listing here. 

Blizzard themselves have only released a limited amount of details on this feature, and they have given the caveat that it is subject to change. 

If you consider a base definition of a playthrough as playing from the start of act 1 to the end of act 4 sequentially, not accounting for re-instancing the areas to farm dungeons, drops and events, the absolute minimum would be 4 runs for each of the 10 characters on each difficulty, assuming everything worked out perfectly and you found all the random stuff and all your characters leveled to 60, making for a total of 40 playthroughs, with at least 4 of these being hardcore on each of the difficulties and at least 5 of these being multiplayer, playing each class at least once and each difficulty at least once. 

I did a run through with a new character, noting when each of the conversations became available. There are a few that the exact point in the quest is not 100% because a friend joined and I didn't want to hold them up by running back after every single objective. Once you've heard a conversation, if it was missable, it seems to stay around in stead so until I go through with another character and don't talk to anyone, I can't be certain when exactly they can be missed. 

The primary attack stats of the followers can easily be tested by swapping in specific stat boosting equipment, but you don't need to do that as the game clearly tells you when you mouse over their stats in their equipment menu that they are as follows: 

As all the followers appear before you after you defeat the final boss, almost all of their conversations are available until the end of the game, but there's one that can be missed so I'll mark it with a +, but there's a strange special case one that I'm noting with a ?. Many of the conversations will unlock only after having heard other previous conversations, but will not become available until the point specified. Also, some of the follower conversations may be hidden if they are not following you, but by having them follow you, you can get a complete list (without the extras).