Other messages that appear in the transcript can be hidden and indicated the same way the Highlights view shows skipped posts: So I suggest we change the default for new users to be a generic (either static or randomly generated) avatar and leave it up to them to switch to Gravatar if they're into that sort of thing. 

We discussed this internally the other week and we agree that this would be handy to have. Especially in cases where a moderator pings several community team members at a time and one of us responds before the others. 

Even if there were more space, I hesitate to put more and more information up. The focus of the page should be the questions. Add too much more on either side, and we'll end up too much like those other Q&A sites where it's hard to tell what is even happening. This is certainly true, but why do we want to make it easier for people to solely participate in the non-Q&A activities? This is Chrome maximized on my laptop. Not much whitespace to work with at all. I just pushed a fix for this. Should be live in the next build. Ideally, clicking that would expand the transcript and show the messages that were hidden, but that's optional. Using one of the displayed messages to get to the full transcript would be easy/good enough. 

Now, we could just tell people to use a different email, but that seems like a poor experience all around considering that we recently rolled out an alternative to Gravatar. This makes zero sense now that /review has been completely redone, and the jury's out on whether or not this ever made sense. So I get to status-decline my own request. :) It might also be a good idea to include this question as an option in the close-as-duplicate dialog. Now that we have specific reasons for declining flags, it would be helpful to see them on the flag history page for questions and answers. The top bar will look like this across all sites: This conversation view will be accessible from the pop-up you get when clicking on the arrow to the left of every message: We have received a few complaints recently from folks who signed up on one of the sites to ask a question or post an answer and were surprised that their avatar was automatically pulled from Gravatar. In some cases it was because they forgot they even had a Gravatar account. In others it became a privacy issue - posting anonymously becomes more difficult if their Gravatar is a photo of themselves. 

Having said that, both Twitter accounts and blog links are available on http://stackexchange.com/sites?view=list. I think your basic premise here is a bit flawed: 

Starting today, you can choose which profile to sync to stackexchange.com: This is what my view of Stack Overflow looks like right now: 

We have 100+ sites. If someone really wants a place where they can just edit posts and leave comments, surely they can find at least one where they're also familiar with the topic. 

Not all sites have Twitter accounts. We stopped creating them for all public beta sites by default because a) Twitter sees very little engagement for us; b) Twitter-the-company started blocking new accounts for us (probably because it thinks we're bots?) and fighting that got too annoying and time-consuming. Using our existing chat UI and some inspiration from how Twitter shows linked tweets, we would like to propose the following implementation. As far as creating widgets goes, I don't hate the idea, but I also kinda like the relatively clean look we have now. On some devices I run with a higher resolution and more whitespace. On others, I'm really cramped for space. I think adding widgets would introduce more complexity and ultimately worse UX to the point where few would install them, in which case why are we even building them. :) 

When someone joins a site, their goal shouldn't be editing, flagging, commenting, etc. It should be asking and answering questions, at least to start with. Later on, as people become more familiar with the site, they can (and are encouraged to :)) move on to helping out with moderation activities, but by then they should already have access to the tools they need. 

Clicking "view conversation" would go to a view similar to the existing chat transcripts. It will show the current message, the message it is in reply to (and the ones before it), as well as the messages that were posted in reply to it. Plus a message or two around each of those, just to account for people like me who are fond of posting a linked @reply, followed immediately by another related message that's not linked to anything else.