#Apologies for this long answer. 

If Jesus went to India prior to His three-year ministry, then one would expect there to be a distinct Indian flavour to His teaching. However, Jesus' displays vast knowledge of the Torah. Jesus quotes the Hebrew Scriptures all throughout His earthly ministry to the point of correcting even the learned scholars of His day. His teaching style was consistent with the Jewish itinerant teachers of His day. 

However the solution of sacrificing bulls and goats and lambs for the sins of each person’s sin was a temporary fix. The next year, another animal would have to be sacrificed for the same person. A more permanent solution was needed. 

So is the message of Gospel compared to works of other great thinkers and philosophers. It is in simple words and parables yet it is a goldmine full of wisdom and is understandable even to unlearned and lowly. It has the power to change the face of the world and it did. It has the power to win the wisest and make their wisdom appear to be foolish. 

Lastly, of all the four brethren named in Bible, consider only James, for similar reasoning can be applied to others also. “James the younger’s” mother is Mary. Bible describes the scene at the foot of Jesus' cross in following verses: 

So are there any other such references in non-Jewish traditions where the manifestation Jesus Christ was prophesised? 

And she immediately asked a similar question as yours: 

St. Augustine admirably summed up this doctrine that moves us to an ever more complete participation in our Redeemer's sacrifice which we celebrate in the Eucharist: 

Jesus, the eternal Son of God, took upon Himself sinless humanity, giving up His heavenly glory (Philippians 2:5-11). Jesus was both God and man in one person. For this reason we see His tempting by Satan (Matt. 4:1-11), accused falsely by men, rejected by His people, and eventually crucified. He had a will. He ate. He slept, etc. 

As often as the sacrifice of the Cross by which 'Christ our Pasch has been sacrificed' is celebrated on the altar, the work of our redemption is carried out. 

I know this won't be popular, but it seems the most likely explanation is that this was an embellishment, perhaps intended to resonate with a particular audience, but equally perhaps just accidentally added during the oral tradition (IIRC the gospel of Matthew is usually dated between 40 and 70 years after these events). 

Yes, you are right, this would have been a pretty significant event. The fact this story is only mentioned in one of the gospels (and incredibly briefly at that) is interesting. More interesting, perhaps, is that we have a range of non-Biblical records from a similar time, and this event is not recorded. Frankly, it would have been. Corpses stumbling through the streets is not something that people idly dismiss. Even for the people not all that interested in "yet another prophet", but just wanted to eke out their existence - this would have been a huge event. 

The problem, though, is that it is not kosher to suggest/acknowledge this view, because it raises the ugly question: "if that bit is an embellishment, what else is?", and throws the "divine inspired" into chaos. But: I know plenty of Christians who raise an eyebrow at this part of Matthew, particularly because it is so throwaway. Your confusion over this event (I'm looking in particular at your comments on Randy's answer) are not unique to yourself. 

Science also says people can't walk on water, turn water into wine, spontaneously cure illness, or walk around after being killed. Whether you accept these things as having happened (as divine miracle) is pretty much the definition of most forms of Christianity. It isn't so much "glossing over", as "this is the doctrine and dogma of the Church". 

That said, the virgin birth is a particularly tricky one as it isn't universal, and some maintain that the correct translation is "maiden". 

Your question about the body from "mum and dad" vs "virgin" is rather moot when any miracle would presumably handle minor details like that. A "natural" (parthenogenesis) virgin birth here would presumably be female, given the lack of a Y chromosome to hand, although genetics is sometimes not quite as binary as would be convenient, and many scientists in the field will say that X / Y are a bit more fluid than might be obvious. 

The second case is where a sinner suffers a great deal as he enters into hell. God does not delight in this suffering in any sense as he is a loving God (Ezekiel 18:23) but by rejecting his love right to the end, suffering is only an introduction into everlasting suffering. This suffering is under the wrath of God’s holy law which can’t look upon sin but with wrath and which poured its wrath upon Christ when he died on the cross for our sin. If we would receive God’s love in Christ’s death for our sins; not suffering, not Devil, not our own doubts, not a religious supposed leader, not and angel, not a prophet, not an apostle or all combined, can prevent the eternal joys that await us after we suffer in this world. Let us declare that if any give us a different gospel than that, which alone saves sinners, let them be eternally condemned. (Galatians 1:8). 

John Owen explains the different views about 'begotten' very well here, as well as the correct view to take: 

These predictions are all quite remarkable and they shows us how precise and speculative those were who pondered them, yet somehwat accurate still. Also it should give us pause to consider how miraculous that these prophecies did predict events which arguably occured. Of course after the fact we are able to see the predictions more clearly but that is partly the purpose of prophecy, to prove that events which have occurred were clearly predicted by an omniscient God.