Any player who is deemed a runner is eligible to pass. This includes most offensive players except for the offensive line (i.e.: center, guards and tackles). Players would have to report in as eligible receivers in order to be considered eligible to pass. For example, if an offensive tackle report in as eligible, he could technically pass the ball (although this seems like an awful idea). 

(a) secures control of the ball in his hands or arms prior to the ball touching the ground; and This is where it technically gets a little fuzzy, since the phrase "hand off" rarely appears directly in the rules outside of citing examples. It does say in Rule 3, Section 27, Article 2 

Then in Article 2 (emphasis mine): 

1: Per the NFL Rule Book, Rule 8, Section 1, Article 1: 

In some instances, teams will line up a defensive lineman as a fullback: Reading between the lines, the league seems to be indicating the officials may have made an error in judgement, but the judgement wasn't grievous enough to be overturned. 

(a) If the spot of the kick was inside the receivers’ 20-yard line, it is the receivers’ ball at the 20-yard line or So a hand off counts as a running play, but so does a backward pass. However, the rules explicitly state that a hand off cannot be forward if the ball is beyond the line of scrimmage (8.7.4.a): In the 1960s, many non-professional teams lost the distinction between a halfback and fullback. The NFL maintained the nomenclature of halfback and fullback: 

Note: These options apply only if the ball has been beyond the line. 

So for your first question, the ball must be moving closer to the opponent's goal line than where it started in order to be a forward pass. Only one may be attempted each play. 

The official statement was just released. The article points out a few rule clarifications. First, about gaining possession of the football: If the offense attempts a field goal before fourth down and misses, the ball is turned over to the defending team. Rule 11, Section 4, Article 2 of the NFL rulebook: 

A 4-2-5 is mostly regularly played in college where spread offenses are very common and you need more defensive backs to combat the prolific passing game. However, on long third down situations, this is also a fairly common defense in pro football. For instance, one version of this formation is the one you will hear referred to as the "Nickel Package.", in which you have 3 corner backs and 2 safeties. However, there are other version of this defense played in the NFL where you will have 3 safeties and 2 corners. 

This is something that both Sanders and Jackson shared, both were very good at both sports to the extent that teams were willing to let them do both even though they had to sacrifice a roster spot to a player who would not be there 100% of the time. 

There have been two men in recent history who have managed to play both professional baseball and professional football at the same time. Deon Sanders and Bo Jackson. Anyone can put together a power rankings. Generally the major ones are a single, or small set of journalists ranking the best teams. 

Obviously this is apples to oranges. Aggregated polls versus very small sample analysis means that the results really aren't comparable between the two functions. While it can be viable as an every down defense in college it is relegated to situational football in pro defenses in favor of more traditional 3-4 or 4-3 setups. 

There are a number of factors here, but let's examine what the two are, so we can make sure we know how apples to oranges this comparison really is. I've noticed that sometimes an offensive lineman will seem to get down in his stance but then stand back up to listen to the Quarterbacks' audible. This seems to indicate that you get the best pick available from the team signing the player you've tendered. 

Basically what has to happen is a defensive player commits a safety in the end zone. It's more common in college football as PAT attempts can be returned for 2 points. It happened as recently as the 2013 Fiesta Bowl.