c. Investigation will reveal some other weakness/transgression/line of attack. This is a typical fishing expedition done by lawyers during discovery process, and is just as effective in political investigations - IIRC, the whole Lewinsky thing came out of prior investigation of Clintons (whitewater one). 

(I'm a bit leery about legality of this, but that's a question of law.se). 

But I agree with Alex that the primary consideration, as anything any politician ever does, is likely for domestic consumption. According to polls Trump is more popular than Clinton in Russia by a margin of 20%. 

a. get tangled in investigation and be distracted 

So, why ~3-3.5 months? Several likely reasons, all my speculation: 

You can review the complete list of the acceptable forms of voter identification to use at a polling place when voting for the first time or call the Secretary of State's toll-free Voter Hotline at (800) 345- VOTE (8683) for more information. 

Provide distraction to opponents (someone on the other side will now spend time arguing against impeachment instead of doing something more politically productive) 

If so, likely yes (extremely unlikely situation - to the best of my knowledge the government doesn't produce any TV shows in current pratice). 

Absent specific statements about the deal, the refugees are subject to the same rules as "normal" refugees, since the Nauru isn't some special source of refugees, but merely an offshore detention center where Australia sends all boat-bound refugees trying to get to Australia. 

There's no exact statistics on Narau refugee origins but my impression is that many would fit the ban, but not all - for example, the original crisis that led to narau detentions (MV Tampa) was about refugees from Afghanistan that isn't on the list. Wiki has very vague: 

It is not at all clear how the courts would resolve that issue outside the 4th Circuit. The Padilla case in 2005 did give rise to a precedent in the United States Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit that supports the practice, although a subsequent ruling in the Al-Marri case arguably muddied the waters. 

(7) it is REDACTED consistent with U.S. law and the laws of war for the Secretary of Defense to detain Mr. Padilla as enemy combatant. Accordingly, you are directed to receive Mr. Padilla from the Department of Justice and to detain him as an enemy combatant. 

Federal Judges In the case of judges, there is only the remedy of impeachment for non-feasance resulting from failure to carry out the duties of the office as a consequence of old age related conditions. But, the compensation system for federal judges in the United States creates a very powerful economic incentive to retire at a reasonable retirement age by virtue of how the defined benefit pension plan works, that most judges assent to not long after reaching that age. As explained in the linked material: 

In the context of prior cases about "enemy combatants", the precedents used the declarations of war from World War II, and in the Civil War, respectively to determine who was an "enemy". The two pre-9-11 cases that were used to support the enemy combatant doctrine were Ex Parte Quirin, 317 U.S. 1 (1942) (World War II), and Ex Parte Milligan, 71 U.S. (4 Wall.) 2 (1866) (U.S. Civil War). 

If information is declassified and not privileged, but is not subject to a FOIA request, then anyone who obtains it can use it in court or for any other purpose, but may have no way to compel its disclosure absent a lawsuit in which the document would be within the proper scope of a discovery obligation.