This is really just a hypothesis, but the explanation works for me. -> This is a reachable possibility on the metahpysical level, if the world we live in wasn't necessarily our current one. 

The paper I referred to: Moschovakis, Y. N. (1994). Sense and denotation as algorithm and value. Lecture notes in logic, 2, 210-249. Another (subjective) comment on Dominik Lukes' answer: The logical relation of the entities involved is, as suggested by sumelic's comment, the proper subset relation: The set of jacuzzis is a proper subset of the set of hot tubs; and the set of hot tubs is a proper superset of the set of jacuzzis. In mathematical terms, a set A is a proper subset of B (A ⊂ B) if and only if every every element of A is also an element of B (A ⊆ B), and A is not identical to B (A ≠ B), so there is at least one element of B which is not an element of A. This means that everything which is a jacuzzi is also a hot tub, but a jacuzzi is not the same thing as a hot tub, so there are hot tubs which are not jacuzzis. IMO it's not very accuate to depict semantics as an extension of syntax. There is a crucial difference in what phonology, morphology and syntax do and what semantics and pragmatics are concerned with: The former are about form, the latter about meaning. This is a distinction that is sometimes disputed, but nevertheless still quite apparent in the way the different fields are investigated. There is a fine line between the study of the internal structure of words and that of phrases, which is why I tried to make the transition between morphology and syntax a bit blurry - some linguists might say that morphology is just word-syntax - and the way from phonemes to the items that are composed of them is quite plausible to depict as an "on top of" relation, but the step from syntax to semantics is rather different. It's not just shifting the zoom level of the elements whose structure is being investigated, but it's a whole different question that is tackeld by semantics an pragmatics: It doesn't ask about how linguistic elements are shaped and inherently structured, but how to interpret them. I therefore found it more accurate to display these areas as two rather parallel fields of study that interact which each other (this is what the lines between left and right are supposed to mean). On top of that, I find it not very useful to display semantics as the thing that comes after syntax. Semantics starts at the level of words and extends over phrases up to sentences, and should therefore touch the structural level of words. Pragmatics can only meaningfully done at the level of larger phrases and sentences, and extends beyond the sentence boundary to the level of discourses. I tried to make the vertical alignment accordingly. Again, the boundary between semantics and pragmatics is blurry. Phonetics is a bit difficult. I find the placement just below phonology not good enough; this would make it look like phonemes are a larger unit that are built up of speech sounds just like what we call words are made up of the units called phonemes, or phrases are put together from words. Rather, phonetics and phonology look at the concept of "sound" from different perspectives - one is concerned with "what comes out of your mouth", the other is concerend with "what is in your head". W.r.t. how research is done in the two fields, the questions that phonologists are concerned with and how they are approached are conceptually much closer to what is done in syntax and morphology; phonetics is not primarily interested about the rules and patterns that govern the inherent structure of linguistics, but rather on their physical properties. So maybe one should place phonetics and phonology more parallelly to each other, but in the end both are concerned with form rather than meaning, so this is a bit of a tricky one. 

Carfully look at what the formula says: It says that 

Having an existential quantifier with scope over the entire sentence thus makes a wrong existential prediction. 

This is what I did with my first-semesters just an hour ago (good habit I check my smartphone before I clean the board, reading your post was a funny coincidence): 

c) What you want to say instead is 

English and French (as well as many other langugages) do not make a distinction between inclusive vs exclusive or (lexically at least, we can ignore obviously available hints like prosody for this purpose 1): 

tl;dr: What I find most inaccurate about the illustration is that semantics is depicted as the thing that comes after syntax, which is inaccurate in that 1) the study of form and the study of meaning are fields that exist next to each other rather than on top of each other, 2) semantics starts at the level of words already, not after sentences. The placement of phonetics is difficult; labels can in some respects be argued about, but for a three-word description, I think they are good enough.