Tire Tread Pattern The debate around tire tread vs slick tires in wet conditions has generally focused on aquaplaning/hydroplaning, however on the road a very light amount of tread (e.g., herringbone pattern on the old road tires) can be useful for interlocking. 

Tires wear out based on tread thickness, compound, tire width and mileage. Tires that you have to replace less often have tread and casings that are thicker and less supple, offering a rougher ride and requiring more effort to pedal. Touring tires will offer the best longevity at the cost of experience (they are noticeably slower to pedal). Larger volume supple tires (there are a few now) are a good compromise as they are fast, offer superior comfort and all else equal larger volume tires wear out less quickly than smaller volume tires. 

I suspect my tires will die of old age before I actually wear them out. This is probably especially true now as my riding now occurs in an even milder microclimate (Saanich Peninsula). I may never see the required conditions except on an even rarer occasion. 

The real problem is getting your hands on light, supple, large volume tires. Only a few brands currently exist, with pretty much all of them are being manufactured by Panaracer. 

Tire compound and environmental conditions (e.g., temperature, wet/dry/snow) Tire construction (e.g., tire suppleness) and tire pressure Tire tread pattern Tire Compound This is probably the biggest predictor of whether or not you will have traction in the rain. The quality and tackiness of the compound can vary greatly by price and manufacturer. If you have a poor quality tire with a lousy compound it will likely be like riding on ice when it gets wet (regardless of whether or not it has tread). The ability for a tire compound to "hook up" will also depend on temperature. In cooler temperature tire compound will harden up and provide less traction (wet or dry). 

A stiff tire will have higher rolling resistance compared to a more supple tire due to a a process called hysteresis, where the energy required to flex the tire slows you down and higher suspension losses (which has also been termed impedance). Suspension losses vary by road surface and can be quite high on rougher surfaces. Here a stiffer tire response more slowly to road imperfection (i.e., flexes to accommodate the imperfection), which in turn vibrates the rider. The vibrating soft tissue "consumes" energy (actually it converts forward momentum into heat due to internal friction within the body). BQ showed this in an extreme context, where very rough surfaces more than doubled the amount of effort required. 

Now for the caveat Depending on where you are in the PNW these conditions are rare. Riding studded tires outside of these conditions is not advisable as the tires do not grip bare pavement as well as non-studded tires. 

Rims can require replacement due to wearing out the brake track (rim brakes) or damage (e.g., hitting a large hole with insufficiently inflated tires). A lot of road bikes in all four outlined categories come with disc brakes. As the disc is what wears under braking (and can be replaced), disc wheels can theoretically last indefinitely if you do not damage them. Running a larger volume tire will reduce the chance a errant pot hole will damage a rim. 

Couple points on road bike categories: 

The "All Road" category now exists, which is essentially a tougher road bike with the tire clearances of a CX bike. The geometry and handling is typically either more road bike like or a hybrid between road and CX. Also some (but not all) "all road" bikes come with other niceties like fender and rack eyelets (thank you!). Your riding position also tends to be more upright as these bikes as they are not intended for racing. CX bikes are great too, often they used to be equipped like the "all road" bikes are now, with fender and rake eyelets (so you could use it for multiple purposes), but lately I have found mainstream CX bikes offerings are much more race focused than they used to be so they may not be as useful for general riding. This can mean more aggressive riding positions and no rack or fender eyelets. Brand dependent, YMMV. Road bikes are actually tougher than they look. I used to ride my road bike down gravel all the time until "all road" became a thing. That said, I do appreciate the current crop of "all road" bikes as they have the clearance to to run much larger volume tires which is much better for gravel and rough pavement. Depending on your intended use, a sport touring road bike could be a good choice as well. Similar to an all road bike, these typically support larger volume tires, have more upright position, will definitely have rack and fender eyelets, but will also have more stable handling than the previous 3 categories. This makes them better suited to hauling loads and potentially casual riding as these bikes are typically more forgiving to momentary lapses in concentration or balance. Finally... 

And from From John McKone (Vittoria) 

I live fairly close to you (just north of the boarder ), and I own studded Schwalbe winter marathons (700x40c). I only use them maybe one to two weeks out of the year. While a bit of a luxury they are incredibly useful under the appropriate conditions (e.g., compacted snow and ice). 

Tire construction Unfortunately, tire construction is a confounding factor when discussing performance of large volume tires. Most larger volume tires on the market use heavier casings and thicker tread, as they intended use case is "heavy duty". Add in some puncture resistance strips (standard on most large volume tires currently in the market) and you get a very thick and stiff tire.