You can do modeling seeking out win-win solutions yourself with he, any siblings and with your significant other (if present), but you can also further your child's understanding through ongoing conversation and/or stories in which compromises are contained. 

When you've done that for awhile give him the chance to come up with the mutually agreeable solution with "I understand that you want (said thing), but I want (know you need) for (what you want/think he needs), so can you think of something that meets both our goals?" 

She/we speak English, she speaks some Spanish and is learning German. We have QWERTY keyboards in our home currently. 

My daughter is seven, home schooled, and living in a heavily conservative region both politically and religiously in the US. Yet, I have friends with Jewish as well as Christian backgrounds. One set of grandparents is vehemently Atheist while the other is loosely Christian. I am Christian but like my parents very liberally so (many Christians in our area would not consider me Christian at all). We have some gay and lesbian friends as well, so our household is what I would describe as one of love and acceptance for most (KKK members, nazis and the like not allowed). 

I'm going to agree with Valkyrie that part of your son's deal is probably a response to inconsistencies in parenting style that can be confusing to kids as well as a way to cry out for attention (to kids it is often the case that, negative attention is better than no attention). 

Dealing with the Tantrums Themselves if they continue after introducing all of the above 

To demonstrate her sympathy level, I'll reference reading The Hobbit together. As a family we read the story in the last few months. When Gollum loses his ring, Tolkein does a good job of making Gollum pathetic and sad and the reader is meant to feel for him a little, but he IS also the bad guy. My daughter burst into tears. Why can't Golum and Bilbo both have the magic ring mom? I know Golum is creepy but that doesn't mean he should have to be so sad! A few minutes late she had taken a deep breath and was talking about how "every good story has to have its story bumps, I know and I know it isn't real, but it is still so sad." 

Puppies do a lot of "mouthing" including, often, on their owners and care-givers if allowed, and when they get excited they jump up on kids a lot. for anyone around 5 or younger, this is probably quite intimidating even from relatively small dogs. I want to be sure my child and the children I care for are safe from being bitten by an over-excited puppy and/or knocked over. I also want to be sure the dog is fairly safe from pulled hair, ears and tail, poked eyes and other unpleasant things for the dog. 

Anne of Green Gables has an RL of 5.9, but in terms of content might be most interesting for someone in grades 6-8, or ages 11 to 13/14 or so (it is a coming of age story, so adolescence is generally a good time for reading it). It also has a Lexile measure of 990. 

My final suggestion is a little different and will sound crazy at first but please read on because it isn't what it sounds: Stop punishing him. I do not mean to just let him get away with it, instead what I mean is, make connections between his behavior and a natural consequence. For example, if he were simply a guest at your house and had bad manners when he came over to eat, you'd probably not invite him back. To apply this reality to your own family dinner table (where he needs to be invited back), if he is using bad manners (which includes complaining). At the first complaint simply remove his food and say, "oh, I'm so sorry you don't like it. Let me get it away from you." Don't offer him anything else either though. He can go to bed hungry or figure out how to reheat his dinner on his own later. It sounds mean, but he won't starve and he'll get the point. 

In order to round out this answer, I thought I'd offer a few other examples for the Sake of Comparison: 

A couple of kids recently moved into the neighborhood and they are great kids that my daughter is having a really good time with. Rules at their house are pretty lax - they can go all over the neighborhood (as far as three blocks) on their bikes and even visit other houses while mom doesn't actually know where they are at. 

It may not be a confidence problem so much as he is a "watcher." I've known plenty of kids that need to have a couple of exposures to new people, places, or kinds of events before they seem comfortable. These kids, just need a chance to get the lay of the land by watching what others do. Once they know the expectations and "rules" of the new person, place or thing, they warm right up and know what they need to do to get along in the new environment.