As you may be able to make out in the picture, I do ride this bike in the rain. The Kojaks grip wet pavement as well as the conventionally treaded tires on my touring bike, possibly better. I would avoid snow and ice, but wet isn't a problem. I would swap out the tires on my touring bike, but I do take that on gravel paths from time to time, and I'd like some tread for that! The answer "so you can pull up on the pedals" makes good sense, but I don't buy it. I don't pull up on the pedals unless I'm climbing a steep, sudden hill. I suspect many, many cyclists don't pedal with full efficiency on the flats. (This is my gut feeling, I have no proof or numbers on this. I remember seeing a study that agreed with this, but I also recall that it was limited in such a way as to cast doubt on the data.) Edit: I'm at least half retro-grouch touring cyclist, so take this with a grain of salt! I'm a non-racer, saddle-level-with-the-handlebars-for-comfort cyclist. What is your main ambition here? 

Clipless pedal systems use a special pedal, plus something called a cleat. The cleat is is attached to a special shoe, designed specifically for road cycling, using some bolts, and the pedal and cleat basically bind together to secure the foot. For the most part, cleats will fit any road-cycling shoe, but there are exceptions here so it is something you need to check. 

The first thing, you should actually verify that you do have a cassette, ond not a freewheel. Sheldon Brown's site is good here, providing photos etc.. My answer will assume that you are actually running with a cassette. But please, the single best piece of advice is to test the bike before you buy it. 

So in summary in a place with occasional hills, a double chainset will probably suffice. But definitely worth considering the "compact" option too to give yourself maximum flexibility. The reason for this is just upgradeability. It is conceivable that as you become better and stronger on your first road bike, sooner or later you may find yourself asking the question "how can I make my bike faster?". 

If I were you I would satisfy myself as to the quality of the carbon frame of the bike you're considering, and provided it looks decent, to go down the carbon route. 

By this do you mean pedalling when unnecessary (and without increasing the bike's speed), for example, on descents? Note also that while Tiagra is ok it is definitely not "elite". I have a bike with an old 9sp Tiagra group, which I would say is acceptable, but if you want "elite" you're looking at Dura Ace or Ultegra, which puts you in a different ball park with regard to cost. My only experience of Sora was testing a bike a few years back - the big limitation then was crappy shifters - although I believe the Sora range now has the same style shifters as the higher ranges. I suspect if you tested Tiagra and Sora side-by-side you'd find either to be acceptable but neither would be brilliant. If you can go higher (105 or Ultegra), great, but be wary about choosing anything lower than Sora.