Beyond that, the paragraph you mention concluding that postmodernism has influenced many other cultural fields is an important one. "Postmodernism" is not limited in scope to philosophy. In fact, when applied to other disciplines, an even more complicated web begins to emerge. From architecture to art to music, and dozens of other disciplines in between, "postmodernism" takes on very important meanings. Wikipedia links to a host of articles on "postmodern x", where x represents some particular artistic discipline. Again, what most of them have in common is the rejection of "modernism" In pointing out its ironic falsity, Nietzsche also makes the point that the statement is quite useful for controlling others: convincing them to be strong and push through difficult situations, cajoling them into giving up their own lives for the larger cause of their country ("the military school of life"), etc. I could tell you that "postmodernist" thought is generally characterized by a "rejection of objective Truth", and a strong suspicion towards "totalizing meta-narratives", but that probably wouldn't tell you very much. And it wouldn't be strictly accurate, either. I could tell you that it argues that many of the things which we take for granted are merely "social constructions", not merely figments of our imagination, but things that we as a society have indeed created for ourselves. I could say that it aims to expose and destroy oppressive systems of classification, particularly those that emphasize sharp divisions between groups—gender, race, culture, etc. But one of those things might give you the idea that it's somehow "pluralism", which is so completely wrong that I'm not even sure where to begin. He speaks of "conceptual content" of a linguistic expression, meaning something that is communicable, i.e. intersubjective. Richard Patterson, Aristotle's Modal Logic: Essence and Entailment in the Organon (1995). See e.g. Pierre de La Ramée and his concern with Inventio. We can see Maimonides for some hint and: Joshua Parens, Maimonides and Spinoza: Their Conflicting Views of Human Nature, University of Chicago Press (2012) Daniel Garber & Michael Ayers (editors), The Cambridge History of Seventeenth-century Philosophy (1998) : Part II Logic, language, and abstract objects; the secular John Buridan (ca.1300-1358) whose main works was on logic and natural philosophy. Another source is William of Sherwood's logical treatise Introductiones in logicam, written in the middle of the 13th century. See also Euclid, Book X: units are counted while magnitudes are measured. We found it "fully blown" into Petrus Hispanicus' standard textbook on logic, the Tractatus, called afterwards Summule logicales; see page 52. Numbers (arithmós) are used for counting some number of things taken as uniform when counted; they are counted as “objects.” That word which is pronounced last in counting off or numbering, gives the “counting-number”, the arithmos [see Plato, Theaetetus, 198c ]. And even if you accept that definition, a couple of problems still remain. First, it's extremely difficult to define something in terms of what it is not. Several notable "postmodernist" thinkers have taken up this very notion, albeit in quite different contexts. As merely one example, consider Jacques Lacan and his notion of the "lack". Second, several of those who are apparently "postmodernist" thinkers have actually accepted "modernist" notions to varying degrees. Jürgen Habermas in particular is very much a "modernist", and he doesn't even reject the notions of "universality" and "Truth" that seem to characterize the thought of most other "postmodernists". It's hard to say whether "postmodernity" actually seeks to replace modernity, to render it obsolete, or whether it merely allied with it, continuing and reinvigorating the modernist project. He's really making fun of the statement. And in typical Nietzschean style, he attempts to refute it using snarky, obscure jabs rather than nuanced or rigorous analytical analysis. He evokes images of hardships that are almost nearly fatal, from the physical to the emotional, to show how ludicrous it is to claim that repeatedly adversity could ever be a source of strength. In fact, people who are repeatedly confronted with such hardships tend to become depressed, unproductive, and even suicidal. It must be read as an explanatory schema devoided of (current) phisycal or chemical interpretation. We can see Maimonides for some hint and: Joshua Parens, Maimonides and Spinoza: Their Conflicting Views of Human Nature, University of Chicago Press (2012) for more than 100 brief "portarits" of Islamic and European medieval philosophers. But both modal logic and analysis of fallacies dates back to Aristotle : the second one in his De Sophisticis Elenchis (Sophistical Refutations), an appendix to the Topics. In a nutshell, during Renaissance there were a "revival" of Rhetoric (as part of Dialectic, and thus linked to logic) as a "tool" for discovering new knowledge (a "method") as opposed to traditional Aristotelian logic (syllogism) as the fundamental tool for science. Neal Gilbert, Renaissance Concepts of Method (1960); Walter Ong, Ramus, Method, and the Decay of Dialogue: From the Art of Discourse to the Art of Reason (1958); the secular John Buridan (ca.1300-1358) whose main works was on logic and natural philosophy.