Transfuse is nice for keeping your key units or structures alive, but is most commonly used on other queens when they are your only anti-air until you get your lair tech out. Edit for example: Corrupters start with 2 armor, if your air armor upgrade is one ahead of the carriers' air attack upgrades then each wave of interceptors will do a mere 32 damage (80 - 16 * 3). If their attack is 1 ahead of your armor, your corrupters instead take 64 damage per wave. Since nobody else has mentioned it yet...armor upgrades. The interceptor fires 2 attacks that do 5 damage each unupgraded. With a maximum of 8 interceptors per carrier, each +1 to armor reduces the total damage the carrier does by 16 per wave of interceptors. Most anti-air units will do fairly well if you spend an equal amount on them, especially if you can stay ahead in upgrades. Corrupter and vikings are especially effective. Against melee units (especially with zerglings), send as few in as you can at once to get the job done, no sense in wasting them by over-killing. You may wish to actually detonate vs melee units as they will often be moved away from your banelings rather than attack them. Just try to be near as units as possible when you do so. Also, avoid letting a single zergling cause a baneling to explode when possible. You must kill 3+ zerglings per baneling to be at all cost effective. Against ranged units sending them in waves is more important as not all of them will make it. To be viable against ranged units mid to late game expect to send lots of banelings to get anything done. 20+ banelings is not uncommon. Against a pure bio-ball I have seen a pro player use in excess of 60 banelings in the late game. Upgrades will help as well. Melee attack and ground carapace are the ones that apply to banelings. Massive units can crush the Protoss Sentry's Force Field effect. Playing the second campaign mission in Heart of the Swarm, I ran into Nova, who off-handedly remarked that "Things might have been different if you had helped me with my Tosh problem", apparently still bitter that I liked the Spectres more than her ghosts on my last playthrough of Wings of Liberty. The problem is, these popups are usually hidden by the victory screen itself. However, it's entirely possible to own Wings of Liberty and not have played the campaign (or otherwise have no campaign data). In that case, what is the presumed outcome of these missions? Or, alternatively, does Starcraft not actually pass this along to the expansion, and assumes you sided with Tosh, etc? So as soon as you receive the surrender offer, you should accept it, as it gives you exactly the amount of XP you would get from destroying all the remaining units / buildings. 'Massive' is also an armor type (like 'armored' and 'light') and two units (Voidrays and Corruptors) deal bonus damage to massive units. As the Zerg You basically have 2 options to start with as the zerg, a 10/10 or a 14/14. As an alternative, you can install sc2gears and it has a feature to auto-save games It requires that you leave it running while playing though to do this. Against ranged units sending them in waves is more important as not all of them will make it. To be viable against ranged units mid to late game expect to send lots of banelings to get anything done. 20+ banelings is not uncommon. Against a pure bio-ball I have seen a pro player use in excess of 60 banelings in the late game. Upgrades will help as well. Melee attack and ground carapace are the ones that apply to banelings. Transfuse is nice for keeping your key units or structures alive, but is most commonly used on other queens when they are your only anti-air until you get your lair tech out. You can save more than 10 replays if you actually hit the save replay button on the game. There is no limit on the number of saved replays you have. The 10 is how much of a history it automatically saves for you. The 10 history limit was included near the end of the beta. I have not heard of any way to increase this limit, but there are some alternatives. Edit for example: Corrupters start with 2 armor, if your air armor upgrade is one ahead of the carriers' air attack upgrades then each wave of interceptors will do a mere 32 damage (80 - 16 * 3). If their attack is 1 ahead of your armor, your corrupters instead take 64 damage per wave.