It doesn't sound as if you are doing anything wrong. He's approaching the cusp of independence (a little early by most standards (http://www.pbs.org/parents/childdevelopmenttracker/five/) but every child develops differently) and these behaviors are to be anticipated. All you need to do is learn how to gently channel your little guy down a path that leads to a more mature set of behaviors. 

I took a roll of pennies and spray painted them gold so they couldn't get mixed up/mistaken for normal money. These were "pirate coins" or "treasure". I used them to reward extra good behavior and routine tasks that they needed some motivation for (1 penny for doing a good job brushing teeth, 1 penny for sorting laundry, etc). 

If kids don't have access to that kind or outlet, martial arts may supply an alternative. 

A secondary benefit: no more "mommy mommy buy me this please mommy..." when we are at the store. I just ask them if they have enough gold pennies to buy what they want. If they do and they are willing to pay, they get what they want. No arguments. And no credit. If they want something and don't have enough to earn it, give them a task and say "as soon as you have enough earned I'll bring you back here and we'll buy it." Inevitably by the time they have enough, they've decided they want something else instead. 

What may make the difference between raising a child whose personality develops in reaction to being bullied (and we've all seen the possible results of that, plastered all over the media), and one who has a healthier perspective, is what steps you take to give your son the opportunity to control his environment as it affects him in regard to violence and other threats. 

I suppose I could have used real money but I think that would have been a very bad idea in my son's case. Offered the choice between ten dollars worth of fruit (which he loves) and a candy bar (which he loves even more) I could never predict which way he'd fall. If he'd had a dollar and been given the choice between $1 worth of fruit and $1 worth of candy he'd have gone for the candy every time.