If a receiver catches the ball but is carried out by a defender before he can land both feet inbounds, the pass is complete. edmastermind29's answer is correct, save an exception. 

Rule 8, Section 1, Article 3, Item 6 in the NFL Rule Book addresses this. Using one example of a simple technique based on the scarcity of combined final scores and individual final scores, 54-44 is the least likely of those that have occurred in the Super Bowl Era. Regarding the Carried Out of Bounds rule from the NFL, I could not find any references that suggests this also applies in college. Rule 2, Section 4, Article 1 of the NCAA Football Rulebook: 

NCAA (college) rules are slightly different--the player needs only one foot to make contact inbounds for the completion. Count all instances of each winning-team final score Count all instances of each losing-team final score Multiply respective frequency values for winning-team and losing-team final scores by the "Occurance" value provided by Pro Football Reference For each final game-score, sum the winning-team and losing-team results from step 3, creating a Combined Occurrence Frequency Filter all final outcomes to those that have occurred only once Filter all Combined Occurrence Frequencies from step 4 to the lowest value Results: 

Also note that if a ball is fumbled behind the line of scrimmage, an offensive lineman could pick up the ball and commit a forward pass. But again, this seems like a terrible idea. This trend has continued on. The present day explanation of fullbacks: Any player who is deemed a runner is eligible to pass. This includes most offensive players except for the offensive line (i.e.: center, guards and tackles). Players would have to report in as eligible receivers in order to be considered eligible to pass. For example, if an offensive tackle report in as eligible, he could technically pass the ball (although this seems like an awful idea). 

This is where it technically gets a little fuzzy, since the phrase "hand off" rarely appears directly in the rules outside of citing examples. It does say in Rule 3, Section 27, Article 2 

So from a technical standpoint, the Packers did not have to field any players, as they would not have received a penalty for not having 11 players on the field. They may have been hit with an Unsportsmanlike Conduct penalty, although since the game was over, it wouldn't have meant much. Rule 5, Section 2, Article 11 (emphasis mine): If a receiver catches the ball but is carried out by a defender before he can land both feet inbounds, the pass is complete. NCAA (college) rules are slightly different--the player needs only one foot to make contact inbounds for the completion. 

Using one example of a simple technique based on the scarcity of combined final scores and individual final scores, 54-44 is the least likely of those that have occurred in the Super Bowl Era. According to Pro Football Reference, there have been 191 different combinations of final game-scores that have occurred only once in the Super Bowl Era. 

To narrow this down, I performed the following analysis: Count all instances of each winning-team final score Count all instances of each losing-team final score Multiply respective frequency values for winning-team and losing-team final scores by the "Occurance" value provided by Pro Football Reference For each final game-score, sum the winning-team and losing-team results from step 3, creating a Combined Occurrence Frequency Filter all final outcomes to those that have occurred only once Filter all Combined Occurrence Frequencies from step 4 to the lowest value Results: (a) secures control of the ball in his hands or arms prior to the ball touching the ground; and Reading between the lines, the league seems to be indicating the officials may have made an error in judgement, but the judgement wasn't grievous enough to be overturned. 1: Per the NFL Rule Book, Rule 8, Section 1, Article 1: In the 1960s, many non-professional teams lost the distinction between a halfback and fullback. The NFL maintained the nomenclature of halfback and fullback: This trend has continued on. The present day explanation of fullbacks: Any player who is deemed a runner is eligible to pass. This includes most offensive players except for the offensive line (i.e.: center, guards and tackles). Players would have to report in as eligible receivers in order to be considered eligible to pass. For example, if an offensive tackle report in as eligible, he could technically pass the ball (although this seems like an awful idea). Next they present the rule for simultaneous catches: This is where it technically gets a little fuzzy, since the phrase "hand off" rarely appears directly in the rules outside of citing examples. It does say in Rule 3, Section 27, Article 2 So once the ball passes the line of scrimmage, the ball can only be handed or passed backward, never forward. But behind the line of scrimmage, the hand off can be forward or back and it is not considered a forward pass. This is why a muffed hand off results in a fumble rather than an incomplete pass. Additionally, a muffed backward pass is considered a fumble as per Rule 8, Section 7.