Yes, The Klan was a political force in this country, and not just in the South, and not just in the early 1900's. It was powerful nationally around the time of the Great Depression and it remained powerful in parts of the country right up to Martin Luther King's civil rights movement of the 1960's. That's why originally senators were appointed by state governments, and Presidents were voted on by senators, and only the House of Representatives with it's short terms in office were entrusted to the majority vote. It's also however why the house of representatives was entrusted with the power of the purse, the right to tax, the right to write the budget. 

After the French revolution, and the mob inspired blood baths which followed. The popularly supported murdering sprees, the founding fathers believed they were wise to fear unchecked popular mandates from the people. At the Time(1921) Eisenhower was in the process of being court marshaled for receiving a few hundred dollars of housing allowance he was not entitled too. Eisenhower had repaid the money but still faced being expelled from the service and or imprisonment. 

The Fugitive Slave Act of 1793 was an Act of the United States Congress to give effect to the Fugitive Slave Clause of the U.S. Constitution. 

In 1944, FDR was running for his fourth and final election. He was starting to age rapidly, he would be dead in just 82 days from being sworn in to his fourth term. Henry Wallace had been FDR's VP from 1941-1945. At the 1944 Democratic Convention FDR would be forced in the name of party unity to leave Wallace off the ticket. Wallace had recently become a Democrat and some felt too recently. Wallace was more liberal than FDR and that also was a strike against him. Finally Wallace was a Theosophist, which lead many to think he wasn't christian and was just too whacky to become President. " Of course, you understand the tonnage men are responsible for their product. You see the improvement of machinery helps them, but it don't help the common laborer much. It wouldn't help the tonnage men if the company could fill their places cheaper. They don't pay them by the ton because they want to, but because they have to. But the tonnage men 'll get it next year." 

Given that for the beginning of WWII the US navy didn’t even have a working torpedo (mark 14 torpedo) the deck guns importance would have been even more important as their most effective offensive threat. Submarine captains often considered the deck gun as their main weapon.2 [German commanders favored deck guns over torpedoes because they were more reliable.]2 The German torpedoes at least worked, which is more than we can say for US torpedoes early in the war, which the navy declined to test preWWII because of the expense. . Even later in the war when torpedoes would become more reliable deck guns would remain favored due to a submarines limited supply of torpedoes when on patrol. 

The South had even more debt. Individual Confederate States owed 67 million dollars. The CSA owed about 1.4 billion. Compensation for freed slaves in 1860 amounted towards 1.7 billion, ( which the Union feared might be the price of peace). 

Eaton found the Barbary Pirates detestable, and he was an ideologue caught up in American fervor. He basically starts the first Barbary war. Get's recalled by Jefferson, and then returns largely on his own dime and invades Tripoli with like a half dozen marines, and almost wins. (Yes that's where the lyrics to the American Marine Hyme come from.. shores of tripoli"... Anyway the story is a great one.. I can't find all the sources right now, and it's out of scope. Maybe a future question.