Never mind pre-Industrial Revolution. As late as 1910 and 1920 the most efficient way for most people in Toronto and Hamilton to get ice in the summer was for it to be harvested off of Hamilton Harbour (aka Burlington Bay) in the winter and stored in Niagara Escarpmnt cliffs. The feudal structure in place over the bulk of Western Europe devolves from the structure put in place during the Carolingian dynasty. The structures of authority created at this time were blessed by the Pope, forming the basis of Divine Right of Kings. 

Given that the plague of the 1590's left 20,000 of Cracow's population dead, one can easily imagine that the total population served by those 19 churches at the time approached 100,000. Update: The evolution of tactics from the Frederickian linear model to the Napoleonic battalion model is nothing less than a modern example of the evolution of the Greek phalanx into the Roman maniple, and then cohort. It created gaps in the line that were too small for the enemy to make effective use of, but through which friendly artillery, cavalry and relieving infantry could advance to allow the original line to disengage. 

In 1192, John forged a treasonous alliance with King Philip II of France while Richard was in captivity in Germany. John returned to England in 1193 with the claim that Richard was dead and that the crown should now pass to him. Unfortunately for John, the government in England had already learned that Richard was alive and a prisoner in Germany. In the meantime, Philip had been busy. In December 1192, Henry VI and written to Philip, stating: The main chronicles for the period are: 

To confuse matters still further, you will often hear specialists in Romano-British archaeology referring to anything post-Roman as "modern". This is usually with tongue firmly in cheek, but I have occasionally seen things like shards of Norman pottery in a Roman context referred to as "modern intrusions"! (And yes, I managed to answer the question in less than a book. Just.) The Conquest of Normandy ================================= 

The Longer Version (although still very much a summary!) 

People of all these groups seem to have lived together in the villages, and the evidence (for example from Wythemail in Northamptonshire) increasingly suggests that they lived in relatively spacious, well-built, multi-roomed houses. At the other end of society, the figures are equally difficult to calculate, but the Medieval Prices and Wages page (from the History of England podcast site) notes that an unskilled labourer might earn two pence (2d) per working day in 1300. A six-day week would thus earn him 12d, or 1 shilling per week. This is 52 shillings, or 624d per annum. For much of the medieval period, the only way to disseminate knowledge (scientific or otherwise) was by personal letter or in books. In a very real sense, this preserved the traditional structures of authority, knowledge, and even doctrine. What drove the change to intolerance and persecution? 

Philip captured much of Normandy in the campaigns of 1202-1204. As with so much else in his life, John was not up to the task of defending Normandy. He was even less successful in his later attempts to retake the Duchy. The loss of Normandy effectively broke the Angevin Empire which had been Philip's goal from the start. 

These days, the term "Celtic Church" has, rightly, fallen out of favour with many (perhaps most) historians. The reason is that the term implies that there was a unified and identifiable entity that was entirely separate from the mainstream of Western Christendom. This was certainly not the case. One note of caution though. Even if the use of opiates was fairly widespread in the Eastern Mediterranean in the Bronze age (and the evidence is inconclusive), we cannot be certain to what extent they were taken recreationally. The use of opiates for pain relief is fairly well known, but I also remember that my tutor (who was a big fan of the Minoan culture on Crete) was keen to point out that opiates can also be used as as an anti-diarrhoeal drug, and that (at that time) only one of the Cypriot poppy jugs had been found on Crete. (She also pointed out that the Minoan sites on Crete and Santorini appear to have had toilets connected to sewers with running water to dispose of the waste, and invited us to draw our own conclusions). However, if the drug was widely available, then it is hard to believe that it wouldn't have been taken recreationally. 

Remember the mnemonic Do Men Ever Visit Boston - in descending order: Duke, Marquis, Earl (Count on the continent), Viscount, Baron. 

Suddenly they charged out from all the gates, without giving the enemy a chance of realizing what was happening or of preparing to meet their onslaught. It was a complete reversal of fortune: the Gauls who had counted on capturing the camp were surrounded and cut off. Of the forces that had taken part in the attack - known to number over thirty thousand - more than a third were killed; the rest fled in terror and were not allowed to rest even in the mountain tops. None of this structure or history occurred in Eastern Europe or Scandinavia, leading to a system of common arrangements between equals in forming national polities. Thus elected monarchs. 

With rare exceptions due to exceptional training, morale and equipment, only when cavalry is able to find the flank of its target, utilizing its speed and mobility, is a charge ever carried home against a formed opponent: