Many fully-grown adults require a certain amount of noise to sleep (hence the sleep function on your TV and on many alarm clocks that include a radio function as well). I did find one study (and admittedly only read the abstract) that showed that background music can result in delayed sleep and sleep with less depth. However, the study was more focused on whether music helped the listeners to stay awake after sleep deprivation. It also had a very small study group, so the findings may not be all that reliable anyway. If you want to go with a sillier idea, but one that will probably be well remembered into his adulthood, I suggest [Mrs. Piggle Wiggle][1]. Have you tried letting him stay up all night for a night or two? I know it isn't the healthiest thing in the short run, but what if he is allowed to build with legos, read, etc. in the family room - no TV, nothing loud. Then, when everyone else has been allowed to sleep and yet he feels horrible, you can ask him if he knows why he isn't getting along with his friends and brothers anymore. You can ask him if he can figure out why he feels awful and then swoop in as the heroes that really do know what is best for him that create the rules in order to help him stay healthy? That it isn't really about the noise as much as it is about knowing where you are or what you are doing. If that is the case, maybe going in and giving one light kiss on your way to your own bed would be a nice way of communicating that information to her. "I'm going to bed now, but I'll just be in my bedroom after this point." If she isn't awake, she might still pick up on the cue sub-consciously and feel more secure. If she is awake, she is getting the info she needs to feel more comfortable and fall asleep anyway? Might be worth asking her what she thinks of the idea at least. 

I would also suggest you spend this time in the bathroom (and out) reading books about going potty. There is a book with Elmo with buttons (that make noises like the toilet flushing and water running in the sink) that talks about buying "big boy pants" and the whole process as well as an episode that can be purchased all about potty training where Elmo helps (I think it's baby bear's little sister if I remember correctly) with her potty training and we meet Elmo's dad etc. There is even a song called "accidents happen". There is also "no more diapers for ducky" (another book) and a set of books that is something like "the potty book for boys" and "the potty book for girls" that are all really good (plus numerous others) 

I suggest reading the book yourself (I've given my copy to my sister long ago and don't remember details). However, I do remember that at the most extreme, he suggested letting them sleep with you until they WANT their own bed. The sign the child is ready is that the child requests having his own bed. Even doctor Sears admitted for many this might mean seven or eight years with kid in-bed and that for many, this may just be too much (my husband and I were definitely in that group). 

My sister had the same problem and wondered if it was a problem with his milk because they supplement with formula and she had trouble with milk when she was a baby. The pediatrician swore up and down that wasn't likely. While talking with Mom and Dad she learned the same pattern existed for herself as a baby and the minute they switched her to acidophilus based milk formula she slept peacefully (and so did they). My sister switched her son and the problem was remedied within 48 hours!!