Others claim Romans 1 and 2 - the existence of God is clearly known because He wrote it on our hearts, but that's not self-evident, either. The may point to 2 Peter chapter 3 as support that we know God, but are "willingly ignorant" because we'd rather walk after our own lusts, but that's not "self-evidence" either. 

So, in short, could someone post a general format something like: 

Coming from a denomination that doesn't subscribe to one earthly central Church authority, or a rigid structure, I find it very interesting to learn about denominations that do have such a structure. While browsing through the "Gospel Topics" section on the LDS website, I ran across the article on Tithing, which says this: In my household, my oldest child has no authority over the younger ones. She can't tell them what to do under normal circumstances, because she simply has no authority to do so. An entire book could be written on this subject alone, but some differences include: 

I've been to a Catholic Church very few times in my adult life. It's a very different experience than the protestant Churches I'm used to. 

In the Catholic Church, however, it seems to be much less flexible. I do not mean this to be disrespectful, but it seems that everyone knows when to stand, when to kneel, when to sit, and there's usually a time when the Priest says one thing and everyone else responds in unison. ("Peace be with you" - "and also with you" being the easiest to remember.) I get the impression that this part of the service is the same week after week. All other controversial materials aside, as I read this article about Raymond Burke, I'm curious about this line, and this line only (emphasis mine): 

These points, if true, clearly say that the Baptist distinctive beliefs have existed since long before the Reformation, and that the Baptist name simply was applied to the existing believers later. This could be extended to say that, since the Baptist Church isn't an organized Church with a central authority, in the sense that some other denominations are, the Baptist Church is identified by adherence to certain distinctives. Since these distinctives pre-date the Reformation and stretch back to the original Apostolistic New Testament Church, in a sense, the Baptist Church extends back to it as well. Bethlehem, the birth-place of Jesus literally means 'house of bread' . It is possible that the town had a good concentration of bakeries, from which oven-baked bread of prized quality was bought by the people of adjoining areas. It looks coincidental that Jesus frequently used the image of 'bread' in His teachings, culminating in the institution of Holy Eucharist. I wish to know if any studies have been made by the Catholic Church on the co-relation of the name of Jesus' birth place and His teachings in which bread plays a prominent part. 

By the way, the text of Eucharistic Celebration in various Catholic rites like Latin and Syrian includes the Lord's Prayer, the latter one having the Prayer both at the beginning and before the end of the Mass. That, I feel, should answer the question. 

(i)... confronting the Samaritan woman at the well saying that she had had five husbands and the one she was then staying with was not her husband( Jn 4:18) {Imagine her reaction: first a loud laugh; then a sad soul-search ), 

I for one, never heard of any discussion by the Cardinals of Catholic Church on whether Jesus laughed and made others laugh. But since I have asked myself the question many a time, I can say for sure that if at all there was a discussion, the participants would have discussed the personality of Jesus.... The full development of all these ideas can now be understood by the more difficult terms used by Sty. Thomas where ‘accidents’, ‘quantities’ and ‘concomitance’ bind the whole doctrine: 

Christ is our high priest who we are to approach, not St. Somebody, Mary, or any earthly priest: 

Mortal sins actually take you out of the state of grace, or sanctification. If you die under the guilt of an unconfessed mortal sin, you go to hell. Most evangelicals do not have a concept that equals mortal sin, however arminian theologians believe you can loose your faith, which in that sense is the only mortal sin (for those who believe this is a possibility). Many, if not most, evangelicals think a believer does not have the power to fully loose their faith or commit curtains sins like hating the church, becoming a mass murderer, teaching false doctrines, etc. Under these consideration most Protestants fully reject the need for penance as a sinful thing contrary to faith in God. Actually, anyone who has performed any kind of penance under the guidance of a Priest would technically have fairly good reason to confess that sin to Christ. One must always go straight to the high priest and not ignore him by devious means and such a show of godliness that denies the power thereof.