And then be honest with yourself during your play. If you know you get tilted if you lose 2-3 buy-ins, set a stoploss. For instance, lots of cash players will quit the game entirely for the day if they're down three buy-ins, simply because they know they won't be able to play their best. And even if you aren't down three buy-ins, but you know you are tilted, or tired, or just playing badly, leave. Quit. 

It's worth pointing out that you should consider reraising against this type of opponent. Villian's range is quite wide and his donk-betting, and it's sizing, are huge indicators of a weak range. The population tendency here is for him to have a weak pair or weak draw. Bad players tend to size their bets according to hand strength. You have a lot of equity from your two overs, gutshot, and backdoor flush draw, which, when combined with the significant amount of fold equity a healthy raise would generate against this opponent in this spot, make reraising a profitable move. 

Should Hero have called villain's pre-flop raise, re-raised, or folded? The only thing you can do is call. You've labelled Villian as tight-aggressive and he's made a small reraise after you've opened under the gun. This is a fairly strong sign of strength. Let's look at your options: Calling: You flat his raise and go to a flop. The total pot is $58 and you only need to call another $15, giving you 3.87:1 odds; a very tempting proposition. Note that you'll have to play this hand out of position against a very strong range. You are giving excellent reverse implied odds in this situation. If your postflop skills are good you should be fine though. 

Any time you can achieve the same result playing aggressively as you can playing passively, you should always choose the more aggressive option (ignoring balance considerations) because you maximize your fold equity while also limiting your opponent's strategic options. By playing this hand passively, you give your opponents more strategic options. If you play it aggressively, you take away those strategic options while playing the hand just as, if not more, profitably. Consider checking. This way Villian will likely continuation bet his entire range, {KK+, AK} as well as the hands you're beating, {AQ, AJs, QQ-99}. And if he doesn't, you can be reasonably confident that he doesn't have {KK+, AK} and then you can bet the turn/river for value against {QQ-99}. 

Consider this. Every single person that decides to play poker will have to pay $$$ for their poker education. Lots of new players will be losing players for some time before they become skilled enough to win consistently. So at what stakes do you want to pay for your poker education? Micro-stakes $0.01/$0.02 or mid-stakes $2/$5? Obviously micro-stakes. Just keep in mind that the focus when you're playing micro-stakes should be on learning and improving instead of grinding out volume. Review your hand histories, watch videos, and so on. This will pay off so much in the long run and when you move up you'll be well prepared to crush. So when you sit down for a cash session, know before you start how long you want to play for. Set concrete time limits. For instance, I strictly play 60 minute sessions of heads-up hyper-turbos on PokerStars. No more, no less. Then I take a break, evaluate my hands, and do another session if I'm feeling up to it. 

And so on. The point here is that one of the most significant things you can do for yourself as a poker player will be to stop focusing on short-term results. Poker is a game where the profit shows up in the long run. There's nothing wrong with bet-folding. There will be tons of times where it's the most profitable option. You'll make way more money here by either reraising on the flop or betting the turn/river when checked to than you do by playing it passively. 

His small donk-bet on the flop is super weak. The turn is a complete blank. When he checks to you, betting is far superior to checking. Far, far superior. You have so much fold equity here and you don't have a made hand. It's unlikely that your King high is good right now — I'd say his range is more weighted to 8x, 7x, and draws — and even if it is, as is the case if he has a draw, he's still got a lot of equity. If you bet $0.16-$0.18 here, Villian will fold a ton of the time. If he check-calls, you go into the river as the aggressor, with a fair amount of outs that can come to improve your hand significantly, and, if he checks a blank river like the 6h, you can decide whether to barrel again or check behind, depending on how weighted towards 8x/7x you think his range is. If he check-raises the turn, you can comfortably fold knowing he has your hand beat.