Owing to the very small amount of information which has come down to us regarding the gods of ancient England and Germany, it cannot be determined how far the character and adventures attributed to Odin in Scandinavian mythology were known to other Teutonic peoples. From Woden also most of the anglo-Saxon royal families traced their descent. 2) The troops under Alexander's Personal Command were Cavalry. Not the Phalanx. 

It is clear that the opening of ranks is in the Companion Cavalry, not the Phalanx. 

Primitive Norse and Germanic Cultures used ritual hanging to dedicate prisoners to the Gods, Odin or Wotan. 3) The Phalanx can't open ranks like that. Chariots don't need to pivot to attack if they were inside the phalanx, they shoot sideways or out the rear, not over their own horses. 4) The Chariots can hit things fine when in motion, its what they train for. In the battle though, Alexander let them pass and rode on, so losses would be minimal. 

1) Chariots never charged any formed infantry, ever. They relied on the infantry breaking first at the sight. If they did not, the chariots pivoted and used missile fire at the infantry. Horses don't run into things willingly. The wikipedia page on gens notes that Once you're encircled, there is no chance to win, and you know it. The only option is to break out. If you can't break out, you will die when and where your opponent chooses. tl; dr - encirclement creates a mobility advantage for the encircling forces. Ultimately encirclement permits the encircling commander to choose the location, time, conditions, and duration. The defending/encircled force has no options. There is another term that would shed some light on this question - there is a prejorative word for people who scavenge the battlefield and loot the dead or nearly dead. One of the reasons that they are held in such contempt is that they have a reputation for "assisting" the wounded to die so that they can steal their worldly goods (and sometimes even their teeth). If I could remember that term, I might be able to search for examples that align with what OP wants. 

Another example is going to be very common; a soldier is wounded and unconscious, but awakens before the dead are buried. This is not an example of "faking death", but fits some of OP's requirements. Couple of notes based on comments 

Beyond that, the answer depends on your social class. If you are a plebian, you're going to walk. If you are a slave, and IF you are permitted to travel, you're going to walk. If you are of the Senatorial class, you may ride, or you may be carried. The equestrian class were originally those who were wealthy enough to own/support a horse and armor, and notionally if you were below that threshold, you were not going to ride. Campbell's work is surprisingly accessible, given the complexity of the theory. His four volume series on the relationship between mythology and economy is quite nice, although I drop out when he gets to modern constructive mythology. (that isn't really relevant to your question either) 1) Chariots never charged any formed infantry, ever. They relied on the infantry breaking first at the sight. If they did not, the chariots pivoted and used missile fire at the infantry. Horses don't run into things willingly. 

Owing to the very small amount of information which has come down to us regarding the gods of ancient England and Germany, it cannot be determined how far the character and adventures attributed to Odin in Scandinavian mythology were known to other Teutonic peoples. From Woden also most of the anglo-Saxon royal families traced their descent. Here is the actual WIKI quote from the Guagamela Entry 

Primitive Norse and Germanic Cultures used ritual hanging to dedicate prisoners to the Gods, Odin or Wotan. 3) The Phalanx can't open ranks like that. Chariots don't need to pivot to attack if they were inside the phalanx, they shoot sideways or out the rear, not over their own horses. 4) The Chariots can hit things fine when in motion, its what they train for. In the battle though, Alexander let them pass and rode on, so losses would be minimal.