Because the Laws of the Game define offside as (Law 11, p. 33): 

Team A’s setter hit the ball above the net so that at the moment of the hit his/her fingers were in the opponent’s space. After the set the ball flew parallel to the net toward an attacker. The blocker of team B touched the ball in team’s A space, so that the team A player could not execute the attack hit. How should the 1st referee decide? 

There are two issues when a back-row player sets near/above the net: 

(Edited per amended question. TL;DR: the setter made a fault of “reaching beyond the net”, signalled by the referee by a hand placed above the net, palm facing downwards.) 

The first one was definitely not the case here: 

According to Rule 9, each team must play the ball within its own playing area and space (except in the case of Rule 10.1.2). Therefore, since the setter has hit the ball in the opponent’s space, the setter committed a fault. The blocker also committed a fault by touching the ball in the opponent’s space before the attack hit. However, only the first fault is penalized. 

In addition to these, lots of individual venues have their own rules of play, used for informal games. 

From FIVB Official Volleyball Rules 2013-2016: 

In Eight-ball pool, there is actually a progression to the game, and one player can be ahead of the other. However, the player that is behind can still instantly win the game if the player that is ahead pockets the eight-ball prematurely. You might think of this as more of an instant-lose event rather than an instant-win. 

If a player skips the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals without a valid excuse, they are no longer considered in good standing. 

In the early 2000s, the NFL felt that touchdown celebrations had gotten out of control, delaying the game and promoting unsportsmanlike behavior. Some of the top "offenders" included Steve Smith (who "diapered and wiped" the football), Randy Moss (who mooned Packers fans at Lambeau) and Chad Johnson (who put on a hall of fame jacket and proposed to a cheerleader). So in 2006, the NFL outlawed "excessive celebration." Specifically, players were prohibited from any prolonged, excessive, or premeditated celebration, from using any type of prop while celebrating, from going to the ground during a celebration, and from engaging in a group celebration. 

B. A player who is eligible for a reduction of his ATP World Tour Masters 1000 commitment tournaments must be in good standing with the ATP in order to receive a reduction of required ATP World Tour Masters 1000 commitment tournaments. 

From Dr. James Naismith's Original 13 Rules of Basket Ball: 

The three-point line has its own history. The American Basketball League, a shortlived professional league, began using it in 1961, but the league folded a year later. The American Basketball Association began using it as soon as the league started in 1967. The National Basketball Association did not begin using it, however, and when the ABA merged into the NBA in 1976, the three-point line went away for a few years. The NBA introduced it in 1979, and the NCAA followed in 1986, shortly followed by high school basketball. 

In Nine-ball, unlike in the standard Eight-ball pool that more people are familiar with, anytime a player puts the nine-ball in the pocket with a legal shot, that player wins. It doesn't matter how many other balls either player has gotten in. Player A could pocket the first eight balls, but if Player B puts in the nine-ball, Player B is the winner. Nine-ball really has no score; a single event wins the game, and it can happen at any time. 

The first one was definitely not the case here: 

Simplifying it a bit, touching the net is a fault only when 

Currently, at the first hit of the team including the service, double contact is not called (provided that the contacts occur during one action, see rule 9.2.3.2), which means a great share of receptions is nowadays done using overhand, even though these hits are not clean. However, it also means todays men’s volleyball is generally: hard jumped serve which is very often a fault or an ace, or it is received nicely and properly set to a spike which ends the extremely short rally lasting just a few seconds, with such sideouting play being very predictable and boring. 

(Rule 102 – Penalties on the Scoreclock) 

There are two issues when a back-row player sets near/above the net: 

13.3.3: [Faults of the attack hit] A back-row player completes an attack hit from the front zone, if at the moment of the hit the ball is entirely higher than the top of the net. 

According to Rule 9, each team must play the ball within its own playing area and space (except in the case of Rule 10.1.2). Therefore, since the setter has hit the ball in the opponent’s space, the setter committed a fault. The blocker also committed a fault by touching the ball in the opponent’s space before the attack hit. However, only the first fault is penalized. 

So the question is what deliberately means. 

f) greater number of goals scored in all group matches between the teams concerned; 

I also found another reference to talking about a specific case of unintentional hand ball: 

You can see demonstration of this technology at the following video 

A specific answers to your questions: 

The section about Handling the ball explains the list of points the referee should consider before deciding the hand ball was deliberately and awarding a free kick. 

g) drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee. 

Source: FIFA laws of the games 

You can see an example (Given by @mormegil), in Group F of the 1990 FIFA World Cup, Ireland and the Netherlands were “completely” tied, and their positions had to be decided by drawing of lots (won by Ireland). - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1990_FIFA_World_Cup#Group_F 

e) goal difference resulting from the group matches between the teams concerned; 

d) greatest number of points obtained in the group matches between the teams concerned;