The theological problem is to explain why Jesus apparently trusted Judas, when he ought to have known better. There are a lot of possible answers! Some have tried to find symbolic or exemplary meaning in his actions - a lesson for the future Church. Others have centered the discussion around the character of Jesus, perhaps reaching similar conclusions for different reasons: framing Jesus principally in terms of love rather than as a ritual performer. 

The saying is sure and worthy of full acceptance, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners - of whom I am the foremost. But for that very reason I received mercy, so that in me, as the foremost, Jesus Christ might display the utmost patience, making me an example to those who would come to believe in him for eternal life. To the King of the ages, immortal, invisible, the only God, be honor and glory forever and ever. Amen. 

The absolute opposite view on free will is held by John Calvin, who says (Commentarium in evangelium Ioannis) that firstly, the ways of God are mysterious (an admission that he has no real answer), but secondly, Judas was predestined to be lost: Jesus placed an untrustworthy person among the disciples because the plan required one of them to betray him. Calvin's Judas is "required" to be evil and then to be justly condemned, so Jesus can perfectly well put Judas in a position of temptation, knowing that he will fail. This resonates with the opinion of John Chrysostom (Homilies on the Gospel of John 65), who says that Judas was given charge of the purse so that when he betrayed Jesus for thirty pieces of silver, he wouldn't have the excuse that he really needed the money. 

"Those who have ears, ought to hear," was how Jesus would end his proclamations. 

However, this is not to say that they're doomed or mud people or in any way permanently deficient, its just where you (you apostles) are meeting this person now, it is not in their best interest to cure their blindness when what they need to do is learn to see. 

Spiritual blindness can only be cured by supernatural means. And spiritual means come in two packages, Actual and Sanctifying Grace. Actual Grace, being the grace to get up and do good works and Sanctifying Grace being the grace freely given by Jesus' sacrifice on the Cross. 

I don't know if no one thinks about contraception as witchcraft nowadays, but in days of yore, I'd imagine, if you'd want to get a contraceptive back in the day, you didn't go to Planned Parenthood. You went to the old hag who knew how to conjure that kind of stuff. 

I should note, witchcraft as contraception is not completely bogus opinion. 

also worth noting, from the footnotes of the New American Bible 

"He has sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim freedom for the captives and release from darkness for the prisoners," 

so, I don't really understand what that means, it could be that Isaiah and Jesus are just echoing the reality of the situation. As if to say, "this is actually how you are and I am very sorry for your children's sake".))) 

If you'll excuse what may be faulty parallelism, you might see that one of the more ancient prophecies about Christ is right next to the denouncement of "those who engage in witchcraft" 

Is was Jesus himself says about Himself in the Synagogue. Jesus would be the one who lifts the scales off our eyes by rubbing mud He made from His spit in them. And what does the fella see who has his eyes opened? People who kinda look like trees... Well, that may be what the people were, they are blind like he was blind, but their blindness is spiritual blindness that comes from within. 

Up until this point, the disciples had operated under the aegis of both Roman and Jewish law. They were seen as just another group of disciples of some charismatic Rabbi. If he had some strange ideas he was teaching, well, so did plenty of others. 

But he was also more than a man; he was God the Son, capable of forgiving sins, knowing the thoughts in the hearts of the people around him, and in the end, taking the penalty for all our sins upon him, dying and being resurrected to make salvation possible for all of us. That aspect of his life is intertwined with the Jesus-the-man parts, but they're unique and separate. As long as we understand that and don't try to emulate that part of his life as an example, we can certainly draw inspiration and direction from the rest of it, as you put it, and strive to be more like him. 

But now, all that was about to change. He was going to be taken by the Jews, tried and convicted and put to death by the Romans. Suddenly their Master's public status was about to go from "eccentric Rabbi" to "criminal condemned for stirring up trouble with the Romans," which would turn those who supported him into fugitives, at least temporarily. 

The absolute opposite view on free will is held by John Calvin, who says (Commentarium in evangelium Ioannis) that firstly, the ways of God are mysterious (an admission that he has no real answer), but secondly, Judas was predestined to be lost: Jesus placed an untrustworthy person among the disciples because the plan required one of them to betray him. Calvin's Judas is "required" to be evil and then to be justly condemned, so Jesus can perfectly well put Judas in a position of temptation, knowing that he will fail. This resonates with the opinion of John Chrysostom (Homilies on the Gospel of John 65), who says that Judas was given charge of the purse so that when he betrayed Jesus for thirty pieces of silver, he wouldn't have the excuse that he really needed the money. 

Origen (Commentary on John 32) is of the same opinion as Augustine as far as the lesson - he argues that Jesus showed trust as a deliberate act of love. Moreover, he says that Judas should not be seen as simply an evil person, but as someone who had both good and bad in him (he was a disciple, after all), was continually presented with moral choices, and on several important occasions made terrible decisions. In Origen's view, Judas had the genuine free will to steal and betray, or not, and so Jesus was justified in trusting him. From 32.161-162 (trans. Ronald Heine; Catholic University of America Press, 1993):