If this is the first book you've sent out, you might be unaware how unusual (and prized!) it is to get any personal feedback from a publisher at all --form rejections and silence are much more common. Given this, any offer to reconsider upon revision should be taken extremely seriously. No publisher ever requests a second look at a manuscript unless they mean it (there are just too many other manuscripts out there to waste time in this way). 

These are usually informal, amateur epistles, but occasionally you'll see a letter published that reads like a brief essay or article, sometimes by a well-known person. The selection process is entirely at the whim of the editor of the feature, but it's often used as a place to give voice to complaints or to opinions that contradict the official positions of the newspaper. 

Some people do very well as writers, but it definitely is not a career for people who want to sit back and watch the money roll in (if you discover that career, do let the rest of us know!). Some successful writers are insanely prolific, like Stephen King. Others, like Richard Florida, use their books as platforms for speaking engagements and consulting work. Others, like Richard Paul Evans, are relentlessly self promoting. And those whose work succeeds on its own sheer merits are generally those who have put their entire lives into their work, and have years of struggle and rejected manuscripts to show for it. 

This technique is called meta-fiction and there are those, including myself, who really enjoy it when done well. 

In some ways you're in luck if you want to write fan fiction in the Star Wars or Star Trek universes --because the copyright holders actually solicit authors to write in those universes. Some well-known authors have made good livings writing officially licensed books in those universes. Of course, the bar is probably pretty high to actually write a licensed book, but that's true for any publishing. (As Jason Baker pointed out, you need to have already built your reputation as an author before being invited to write a licensed Star Wars book.) 

Self-Publishing - In legitimate self-publishing, the author takes on all the jobs of the publisher, including typesetting, layout, cover design, proofreading, publicity, marketing and sales. The author keeps all profits from sales of book, minus the initial printing costs. This is typically a good route for those who are using the books as a sideline to a business such as motivational speaking, or who are excellent at sales. Self-published books tend to garner little respect because they haven't been through the vetting process of a traditional publisher, and because the production values are often low. (A well-done self-published book, however, will not be easily identified as one.) 

Alternatives While querying agents is the most well-known way to get a book into print, there are alternatives you can explore. 

Finally, if the agent likes the entire work, they will offer representation. Alternately, they may ask to see a rewrite before offering representation. There are a number of things to consider at this stage, namely how well you and the agent "fit". Numerous agents offer advice about this on their blogs, but I won't go into detail here. 

EDIT for clarification (hopefully): If I sell rights to the short story/chapter/excerpt, then go on to try and sell the whole novel (which contains that same bit), are those short story rights likely to conflict with the whole novel rights that the publisher is going to want? If, for example, I sell First North American Serial Rights for the short story, does that also exercise the same rights for the novel containing it? 

If I sold an excerpt as a short story, how would that complicate trying to sell the whole novel? If I've already sold the novel, how does that complicate selling the excerpt? 

The cost of an agent is a commission on your work, if it sells (and not before!). Usually this amounts to 15%. 

EDIT: As MGOwen points out, there are some incompetent and/or exploitative people in the agenting business too. Preditors and Editors is an award-winning website that can help you check up on agents to make sure they're on the up-and-up. You should also look for agents that are members of AAR - the Association of Author's Representatives. This is the primary professional organization for literary agents. 

A great resource for learning about how to craft effective query letters is Query Shark. Miss Snark's Blog also says quite a bit on the subject (though that blog is no longer updated). I'm sure there are other good resources out there too, if you do a little searching. 

Some publishers will accept queries or full manuscripts. You may choose to submit directly to these publishers. Small presses may be more likely to look at your unrepresented work. If your book does garner interest, you may choose to deal with contract negotiations and the rest of the business side of publishing on your own. A better alternative is probably to get an agent at this point. It won't be hard when you tell them you already have a publisher who wants to buy your book. 

If you're looking for more critique and less friendly chit-chat, as I was, I would recommend joining an online critique group like Critters. Critters is designed to encourage participation (you have to give about 3 critiques per month to have your stories critiqued). It is also designed to encourage useful, constructive, and in-depth feedback. I typically get 10-20 critiques on any story submitted, with 90% or more being very useful. The science-fiction/fantasy/horror portion of the site has been around for some time, but the other genre sections are new, so I don't know how populated they are at this point in time.