One of the tropes early in the book is racial style, the distinction between Germanness, for instance, and Romanness or Greekness, even occasionally 'Orientalness', in the style of philosophy, law, morality or presentation. I think the choice of parallelism in verbiage here is significant from this point of view. What he is doing is 'that German thing', and maybe 'that Roman thing', but not 'that Greek thing'. Even if they are all thinking of what they are doing as the same sort of thing, they would disagree that they are actually doing anything alike. (At the same time, he works hard to escape from his own notion of 'Northernness', so it is a well-intended racism, and I think the intention is to emphasize relativism between cultures, not biology or tribal affiliation.) 

But people have languages with no recorded grammar, and their children do acquire them. At the same time, folks doubt Chomsky, now that we know dogs learn complex language rules like the process of elimination, and apes can learn sign-language. Kripke's argument that it is not possible is logical, but does not seem to matter. There has to be a way learning rules works, that is not just about passively collecting examples. 

Since our sensory organs have no built in stability, we compensate for our own movement and scanning behaviors through visualization. From that point of view, the difference is just in how much external stimuli shape the layer of dream projection that enables your perception of stability in your environment. 

So I would consider Wittgenstein vindicated on this one. It does not matter than induction or abduction does not really work, competition still allows for ways to negotiate rules over time with arbitrary accuracy. 

No, injecting the social position skips over those theories to a place of greater relativism. If qualia are socially negotiated like values, then you do not need the notion of a functional state -- first person experience is a representation back to yourself of your interpretation of your experience through the social medium of storytelling. (That is why it takes time. A functional state should be achieved instantaneously, and conscious experience does not seem to be so.) 

Literally, the word for science here is 'wissenschaft', and is formally parallel to the Greek word 'mathematike', both mean very generally 'rigorous techniques for handling knowledge', and neither corresponds narrowly to what we now think of as their modern synonyms. He also gives the title in Italian: 'La gaia scienza', capturing the fact that in other languages there is less of a 'doing of knowing' than just 'knowing' with the 'doing' left automatic. 

Step down the level of complexity to one axiom -- succession. Do you believe the natural numbers exist? They are the 'logical closure' of counting by applying the axiom of succession. Obviously, we will never reach certain numbers, and to that degree, those numbers have never been real. But in a more abstract way, every possible number is just as real as 'two'. I think you can chalk the whole phenomenon up to natural confirmation bias. 

The principle is internally inconsistent as a metaphysical principle: not all notions of 'general' can be equally objective, because we are someplace, and that place really will have some idiosyncratic properties. And picking and choosing which ones are most objective, just to favor the chosen explanations of our own physics, would violate the principle itself. Our place would be special in that it allowed us to truly see what was and was not special about it from experimental data. The concept of numbers exists, but we invent the notation that the glyph '1' and the sound /wʌn/ refers to the concept of singular object that we discovered. We invented the rules of matrix multiplication, but the consequences of the way we do matrix multiplications are discovered. 

Also note that not all axioms need to be explicitly listed out. Some of the more common axioms that are often accepted without being explicitly listed out are the rules of inference. Implicit axioms are the "ground rules" of a particular session of discussion. Most of the time, we deliberately invent a set of axioms that will lead us to discover a set of facts we want to be true. This is certainly true with imaginary numbers, we invented them so that we can discover the solutions to problems we previously were unable or difficult to solve. One way to define rational argument is by saying that an argument is rational if it does not violate any of the Laws of Thought: 

My personal point of view is that mathematicians invented the axioms and the rules of operation, the rest are discovered. Mathematicians invented the notations for writing down the concepts which are discovered within the universe of an axiom. 

However, you are probably wasting your time on the various hobgoblins and eerie powers you list. We do not see such phenomena, werewolves, resurrections, or mind controls, requiring scientific explanation. One must first demonstrate them publicly and repeatedly, which in most cases defies their very definition. 

I have not really pursued the history or literature on either one of these topics, though the two concepts are often encountered in readings. I have always vaguely taken the "Other" to emerge post-Kant, in perhaps Hegel's Phenomenology, evolving onward though Lacan, Levinas, (neither of whom have I read), and many others, becoming a standard term with many variants. 

The "epistemic" principle, if you want to call it that, is here to be found in the intentional structure of language, representation, and the more difficult problem of "meaning." Given that languages are arguably the deepest structures of rational being and are designed precisely to minimize natural "noise," we would almost have to be technically irrational to accept your scenario as "coincidence." So your ketchup (spilled at Belshazzar's banquet, no doubt) actually signals a very high, almost certainly non-coincidental probability of mediating some other intelligence like ours. Precisely by appearing as "writing" and "meaningful writing" it has done what we intend to do in information: reduce all other possibilities to near zero.