34. FARR AD. Medical Developments and Religious Beliefs. with Special Reference to Europe in the 18th and 19th Centuries. Open University, Ph.D.thesis, 1977. So initially, the only 'knowledge' (non-experential so not full 'knowing') they had of wrong/evil was what God told them. Subsequently, they were able to discern what was right and particularly what was wrong themselves after bitter experience: This has been taken to mean that musical instruments have been incorporated into the very form of the 'guardian cherub' which seemed to have a special place on 'the holy mountain of God' hence the inference that the being referred to was the leader of worship in heaven. That it's identity is that of Lucifer is seen more from comparing this passage and in particular verse 17 with Isaiah 14:12-14 (cf. also this on-line article). 35. SIMPSON JY. (Letter to Dr Protheroe Smith of London, dated 8th July 1848.)In: SmithP. Scriptural Authority for the Mitigation of the Pains of Labour by Chloroform and Other Anaesthetic Agents. London: S. Highley, 1848: 43-52. In fact, as a recent exhaustive study of the contemporary medical, theological and lay literature has revealed, up until that date no such assertions had been publicly made, nor is there any evidence of such views being held privately by any more than a small handful of individuals.34 It has also become clear that all subsequent comments about the religious propriety of obstetric anaesthesia arose as a result of the publication of Simpson’s pamphlet, and generally referred directly to it. Indeed, Simpson himself wrote only 7 months later that "Here, in Edinburgh, I never now meet with any objections on this point, for the religious, like the other forms of opposition to chloroform, have ceased among us".35 2. Corrupt Leadership If the conditional clause in the afore-quoted verse from Hebrews ("because they keep watch over you as those who must give an account"), does not actually hold true in a particular instance, then believers are not bound to follow those who style themselves as leaders in the church but are not themselves submitted to Christ. They are instead encouraged to only follow those who are themselves following the Lord: 1. Geographic Relocation Most people will see this one as common sense: Protestants may have some denominational loyalty, but if they are relocating beyond reasonable commuting distance, they will be looking for a new congregation to attend and their criteria for choosing a church in a new location may have more to do with other factors. It is not unusual for relocators to visit a few different congregations in their new locality to weigh up these various factors and make a considered choice. This kind of choice is simply not explicitly addressed in Scripture, however examining the character of the different churches addressed in Revelation 2 & 3 gives one a sense that it is non-trivial - the nearest congregation (that isn't disqualified under criteria 2 & 3 below) may not be the best option. It was the same word used to describe the dyeing process used at the time - cloth would be steeped (fully immersed) in dye. Origen lived in the years 185-253, a time when ordained female deacons were active in the church. (Campbell 2009:61) In around 246 Origen wrote his commentary on Romans (the oldest commentary on Romans that still survives) and it is apparent that he believed Phoebe to have been an official female deacon. In reference to Romans 16:1-2 he declared that “This passage teaches by apostolic authority that women also were appointed (constitiu) in the ministry of the church (in ministerio ecclesiae), in which office Phoebe was placed at the church at Cenchrea . . . And therefore this passage teaches two things equally and is to be interpreted . . . to mean that women are to be considered ministers (haberi . . . feminas minstras) in the church. From this, it should be patently obvious that if those who call the sheep to follow them (ie they purport to be leaders within the Church), have not themselves come through Christ and are not acting in accordance with his nature to bring life to the sheep, but instead act to steal, kill or destroy them according to the nature of "the thief"; then true sheep will not be following them at all.