That is not vandalism. That is disagreeing. Feel free to comment on answers (not on meta behaviour like "I think it was you who downvoted that other answer, stop it") and to downvote answers you think are not useful. You might also edit "fluff" out of answers including things like "I think my answer is the only good one". 

In what appears to be new to this election, there are a series of badges you need to be nominated as a stackoverflow moderator. Although I didn't intend to nominate myself, I did check (out of idle curiosity I suppose) if I had the set. I don't. I'm missing Pundit. No problem, but then why is there a link encouraging me to nominate myself? 

Then if I click on one of the thingies, I get a slidy animation (I hate these, but I understand Kids These Days think they're great) and "fascinating" info about the site, but nothing to click on to, you know, go to the site: 

What should you do? Ignore this person. Keep asking and answering and voting, and where you can, ignore who writes things. And if you can't, then just make a sort of tutting noise with your teeth when you realize "oh, its that guy again," and move on. Just move on. I think an explicit statement to bar malicious or illegal hacking questions would be wrong for several reasons: Yes, it is. However it's more accurate to say it's a great place to find out how to use Stack Exchange. Many questions have already been asked. Practice makes perfect. Get the site and tags right, and then practice! And let us help you, we're generally hard to stop anyway. 

I don't have numbers on my reject rates, but I am guessing Invalid far outweighs all the other reasons for me. Vandalism would be if I edited the question to "What is the capital of Ontario?" or "ha ha you people are all so stupid, you're stupid stupid stupid!" or something meaner and ruder than that. A moderator who is told about vandalism and finds a number of answers that are all just answers to the question is going to decline the flag. And rightly so. The notification for a site appears immediately after you earn some rep on a site. I guess for existing privileges is there is already a "now that you have more rep, did you gain a priv" code, and when a new priv gets added, rather than spawning a giant check, the system just counts on that code eventually notifying you. As noted above this has nothing to do with whether you have the privilege or not, just when you get notified about it. I found a workaround which is to click on the "teaser" question and then use the header link to get to the main page of the site, but that can't be right. 

A protected question can still be answered (see What is a “protected” question? ) and you don't need to re-ask it. New and low-rep users can't answer it, but everyone else can. If you'd just like to get more eyes on it because you want to know the answer yourself, see Getting attention for unanswered questions? and consider using some of that advice to get this question answered. That seems like a clear case for invalid edit. I use it for when the editor means well, but should be commenting or writing their own answer. I save vandalism for edits that are clearly mean spirited, like adding "this answer is totally wrong" or "ignore everything after this line", along with spam and other things that are clearly not co-operative. Update: when I posted (and I might still be within ninja-edit time now) the Pundit badge was listed, and the link was there. So if the link appears smartly, they were out of sync. But maybe it appears to everyone? 

You keep using that word, vandalism. It does not mean what you think it means. You can learn more about the closing process in a canonical question called What is a "closed" or “on hold” question? . In general you do not "re-ask" a closed question. Instead you edit it so that it can be re-opened. More details are at How do you reopen a closed question?