O woman, what have you to do with me? [John 2:4b]; 

Granmirupa, in fact you are wrong. There remain considerable differences between most who consider themselves "Anglo-catholic" and those who self identify as Catholic, other than whether the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Bishop of Rome exercises authority over the church. One of the differences between [Roman] Catholics and Anglo-catholics is that it's much easier to define who is a Roman Catholic. Simply put, a Roman Catholic is a person who accepts the authority of the Bishop of Rome, and accepts the correctness of those doctrines and dogmas, like the doctrine of transubstantiation, the Assumption of the Mother of God, the doctrine of purgatory, and the church's rules regarding the celibacy of the Clergy, and the existence of seven sacraments, that the Catholic church demands that the faithful believe. 

First, it is valuable in this answer to distinguish between the pious practice of individuals, and small groups of believers, on the one hand, and the official formularies of the larger group, on the other. It may be that among Roman Catholics, there are those who use the full Trinitarian formula to begin and end an individual prayer, and perhaps every prayer they utter. However, in official Roman Catholic usage, the Trinitarian Formula cited is an invocation which begins a larger service, and not the beginning of individual prayers. Individual prayers seem most always to begin with "O God..." (in Latin, Deus) alone or with amplification. By Amplification, I refer to phrases such as "Lord God..." (Dominus Deus), "Lord God Almighty..." (Dominus Deus Omnipotens...). Individual prayers end with "Through Our Lord, Jesus Christ" (*Per Dominum nostrum Jesum Christum", again, alone or with amplification. Amplification might be (among others), "who lives and reigns with you and the Holy Spirit, World without end (in Latin per qui tecum vivit et regnat in unitate Spiritus Sancti Deus, per omnia saecula saeculorum). I have available a copy of the Latin service book of the Roman Catholic Church issued in the early 1960's, before Vatican II. I surveyed a sample of the prayers in that book, taking special care to include in the sample prayers where I would expect to see a full Trinitarian salutation or conclusion, and did not find a single example of a prayer starting or ending in that way. 

The Lutheran understanding of the Real Presence is that at the consecration, which happens through the power of the Holy Spirit, the bread and wine become the true body and blood of Christ "in, with, and under" the form and substance of bread. "In, with, and under" is the description of the Real Presence in Luther's Smaller Chatechism. I was taught that this is the understanding which best incorporates both the Communion narrative ("This is my body") and John 6:48 ("I am the bread of life") and John 6:51 ("I am the living bread come down from heaven"). 

It can be argued that the interior of many Christian Churches, especially Catholic, Orthodox, Anglican, and Lutheran, lies in the architecture specified for the Tabernacle (The tent constructed during the Exodus) and the Temple in the old textament, where there were three area set aside for specific purposes. The area where the Altar is located in the churches I named above, especially older buildings, corresponds to the area of the Temple where the Ark of the Covenant resided, and which only the Priests of Israel entered. The main part of the church corresponds to the larger part of the Tabernacle, and the Temple, where the faithful gathered, and the foyer corresponds to the outer court, which was open to a larger number of people. 

Further, I suspect most Protestants would consider these three passages of scripture, when considering what amount of reverence of the Mother of God is appropriate: 

An Anglo-Catholic, especially in the present times, is a much more nebulous identification. The present use of the term dates only as far back as the last 3/4 or 1/2 of the nineteenth century, when certain Divines in the Church of England began to reconsider, and recover some of the customs and ceremonial of the Roman Catholic Church, and began to develop greater appreciation for some parts of Roman Catholic theology. Some of these individuals, including John Cardinal Newman and Henry Manning, joined the Catholic Church, but others, like John Keble and Edward Pusey continued in the Anglican Communion, and continued to subscribe to the thirty nine articles, which rejected the doctrines of transubstantiation, and purgatory, denied the supremacy of the pope, the necessity of unmarried clergy, held that there were two, and not seven, sacraments, and denied that the Apocrypha (deutero-canonicals) were to be included in the Canon of Holy Writ. Also, at the time of the origin of the Anglo-catholic movement, the Roman church still insisted that all liturgy be in Latin, while the 39 articles required that Anglican liturgies be in a language that the people could uncerstand. The result was a series of volumes such as the Anglican Missal, which incorporated most of the form and structure of the Mass, but in English, and with some additions to the prayer of consecration in the English prayer book. During this period, Briggs and Frere produced a psalter which helped re-introduce plainsong tunes (using Sarum, rather than Latin rite endings) for singing the Psalter, and other canticles. And while Anglo-catholics recovered some of the practices relating to rites that the Roman Church considered sacraments, like extreme unction, confessions, and holy orders, the understanding of these rites was never changed so that they were considered sacraments; article 25 (of the thirty nine), still explicitly is the official position of Anglicans, that