Getting back to the subject of abuse (and forgive me if you adopted her as a newborn so this isn't relevant), one thing I know from living through an abusive childhood and spending several years as a counselor for adults from abusive homes, is that all abused children have a huge well of anger in them. It doesn't matter what kind of abuse it was; the anger seems to be a constant. And the degree of anger doesn't necessarily depend on the level of abuse. Different people are more or less disposed to anger. I've had years of therapy and I openly tell people I'd be a terrible human being today if I hadn't had good counseling. Abused children don't have a roadmap which will take them to good destinations. The places theirs take them to are places you don't want your children to end up in. They need to be given a new map and guided down that better path. 

The only way to be certain the child in question is okay with being tickled (it can be fun if they trust the tickler to stop when it is no longer fun) is if you set up rules and keep to them. Absolutely. Tell them "Some people like tickling and some don't, I will let you decide if we tickle each other or not" and always pay attention to what they are saying. No means no. 

One of our expectations is that he will not be sullen or argumentative if we have to remind him that he hasn't done a chore. We don't expect him to pretend to be happy about it, but we do expect that he will attend to it immediately and without drama. If his attitude gets bad we may take away electronics until it mends. This also applies to situations where we are going on a family outing; he is expected to participate. 

Most of my nieces and nephews went through "we wanna hit each other with sticks" phases, inspired by Star Wars and anime movies. My husband, who has had a lot of fencing and bokken training would take them out in the back yard with 3-foot lengths of PVC pipe wrapped with thick insulation and duct tape, and teach them the mechanics of sword fighting, including lessons on safety and sportsmanship.