There is an excellent source (I've lost the title and reference, but the paper made a deep impression on me) about efforts to reform the French Salt Tax. Can anyone recall? Communism advocated worldwide revolution, the abolition of private property and the establishment of a new world order. (pick your own source - they all make me sick to the stomach to read) The difference is twofold - first in the claims they made and second in the cultures where they took root. 2) Greek Democracy fell to the Macedonians, although a more full discussion would include that (a) the Greeks abandoned democracy themselves more than once, and (b) Greek Democracy was actually an oligarchy - voting rights were invested in a small minority of the inhabitants. What claims did Fascists make? Edit based on @user2520938 - remember that fasicst wanted a better future for their country/their race/whatever. Communists could not be content with less than the world. Every human being must participate in the proletariat revolution or die. Mussolini and Hitler offered to bring order, to bring pride to the nations, to cultivate and raise up the people to their true nature. They promised to keep order, to keep people safe, to enforce the law and make the trains run on time. Aside I have friends who would classify Freemasonry as a form of paganism, and other friends who will emphatically (bombastically) support Roman Catholicism as paganism. I'm not proposing these seriously, but pointing out that "pagan" doesn't have a strong consensus definition. Similar claims have been made about Latter Day Saints, Quakers/Society of Friends. More seriously, if we examine the plethora of sects that emerge from the Reformation, some of them have only tenuous connections to Abrahamic religion. I'm drawing a blank on the name of the Russian sect that advocated that since the Christ wrote a blank check for salvation, it was an insult to commit only petty sins; good Christians were obliged to sin frequently and thoroughly in order to make Christ's sacrifice meaningful. I'm not going to judge their religion or their commitment, but I will submit that few mainstream Christians would endorse the opinion. 3) Europe didn't pursue absolute monarchy for centuries. In the comments many others have noted that the governance model from the fall of Rome to the rise of absolute monarchy explored a variety of models. Most common, as I recall, was for those who wielded effective military power to select one of their number to exercise leadership, but that selection was limited and revocable.