It sounds like she is trying very hard to do as you ask her. She can't stop needing what she needs, though. She is lonely and starved for interaction with the only people she has access to. Is there a way you can set up play-dates with other kids? Do you have friends with compatible children? Is some kind of summer day camp a possibility? You didn't mention anything about your financial situation, but if you can afford it, this might be a good way to give her more exercise and social interaction. Another possibility is to find a young high school or college grad looking to make some extra money and hire her to come by for a few hours and take your charge to the YMCA or the park, play board games, or other fun things. I don't know if any of this will help you. It is your parents who must take the right steps to change your brother's attitude. Are there counselors at your school who you trust and can talk to? This is not a burden that you should have to bear alone. It seems painfully obvious that this little girl is starved for attention. The fact that you are not able to give her as much as she wants just leads her to be more clingy and needy, which, in turn leads you to push her away more. Here's another idea...you and she can be doing something together if you are both "working". There are a lot of great educational apps out there (does she have an iPad or anything similar?). If you give her schoolwork or something else that engages her mind while the timer is running, you can treat both of yourselves to fun things after "work" (maybe ice cream, or a walk in the park). There were several benefits from doing rewards this way. First is that since there was no intrinsic value to them, I could decide what they were worth. My children would ask me "how many gold pennies would this cost?" If it was something I wanted them to "buy" (healthy food that they liked at the supermarket, the right to choose where we went to dinner on our night out, chapter books, etc) I set the price fairly low, and if it was something I didn't want them to have (candy, comic books, etc) the price was high. That way they always knew they could get something if they absolutely wanted it but I stacked the deck in the favor of the healthy choices. It also might help if you set up a regular schedule for positive interactions with her. For example, you might set aside 7 PM to 8 PM each day for an activity of her choice. Making puzzles, watching TV, playing a game...whatever you do, you should do all together. You, her father and her. And if you make this promise to her, and keep it, it might be that she will be able to wait with more patience. 

If there is something quiet that she likes to do, let her do it near you. If she starts pestering tell her (calmly, do not yell at her for needing your attention, your boyfriend needs to cultivate more patience) that if she can't be near you quietly she will have to go into another room.