Strategic bombing of Soviet union was never attempted. In 1941-42 the Soviets managed to move most of their industry from the West of the country to the regions in the East, where they were not accessible by bombers of that time. Why it did not participate earlier, I think it is easy to answer. You "profit" from a world war only if you take the right side. In WWI Turkey (reluctantly) chose the wrong side, and the result was the collapse of the empire. Telling early which side is going to win was difficult, in both world wars. 

I understand that Wikipedia is not perfect, but in this particular case I am inclined to trust it more than Hitler's speech. Typing "German invasion of Poland" on Google gives hundreds of relevant results. NKVD did try to fight this, at least on some later stage, and certain number of Soviet soldiers were tried and punished for rape, violence, robbery and murders. But a historian might take this piece of oral history and put it together with many other ones. Regarding other clearances, there was MAGIC/ULTRA, to name just one. Further bilateral agreements and payments were made during the 60s (with some Western countries) and the 90s (with some Eastern countries). There were payments to to the Deutsch-Tschechischen Zukunftsfonds, which pays restitution to Nazi victims and supports reconciliation projects. Regarding the comments to the question, this goes to the core to what history and historical research are, and possibly appropriate to history stack exchange for this reason. An event took place before you were born, how can you know that it really happened? 

An old German once told me that he, personally, saw groups of people being led into a forest in the East, and none coming out. A court would call that hearsay. He told me that he thinks they were Jews. Not just hearsay but speculation. He says another soldier told him "he didn't want to know what happened to them". Again hearsay. Besides, I'm just some guy on the internet, not a reliable source. You don't even know my full name. 

Official position of Khrushchev was called the Member of the Military Council of the Stalingrad front (commander A. Eremenko (Yeremenko, Jeremenko)). The Stalingrad front was defending Stalingrad, and later took part in the offensive. This positon is somewhat similar to "comissar" but has nothing to do with NKVD/KGB. He was attached to the front as the member of the Central Committee of CPSU. Comissars were representing the Communist party, not the KGB. 

Technicaly, Turkey participated: it entered the war on the Allies side on February 23, 1945, after a substantial allied pressure. 

Why it did not participate earlier, I think it is easy to answer. You "profit" from a world war only if you take the right side. In WWI Turkey (reluctantly) chose the wrong side, and the result was the collapse of the empire. Telling early which side is going to win was difficult, in both world wars. In general, what politicians say when they start a war has frequently no relation to the truth. Much less relation than history courses that you criticize. For example, Putin says that there are no Russian troops in Ukraine, and repeats this again and again during the last year. The exact number is unknown and will remain unknown. We're talking about social sciences numbers here. 

Further bilateral agreements and payments were made during the 60s (with some Western countries) and the 90s (with some Eastern countries). There were payments to to the Deutsch-Tschechischen Zukunftsfonds, which pays restitution to Nazi victims and supports reconciliation projects. 

Regarding other clearances, there was MAGIC/ULTRA, to name just one. In 1953 West Germany entered the London Agreement on German External Debts. Communist countries were not included in the agreement. Note that during the Euro crisis Greece demanded the repayment of similar debts; the official German position was that they had been settled with the 1953 treaty and subsequent 1990 agreements. That being said, one of the best rebuttals to the holocaust deniers are people like Oskar Gröning, who admitted his part in the mass murder. He can't testify to the total number, but he did testify to the fact that there were mass killings.