Simply desiring to add a few points of interest on this question, not mentioned in Dick Harfield's excellent answer. Is there a historical reason why the liturgical colour purple eventually replaced black to symbolize penance? Is it not possible that the cause of this color change was due to how historical black dyes faded into other colors such as purple? The Church of St. Mary in Palmis at Rome, originally was called the Church of Domine Quo Vadis. The title of this church takes its' name from a pious tradition that St. Peter one day decided to leave Rome because of the persecutions. As he was leaving the city Jesus appeared to Peter. The apostle then asked Jesus, "Where are you going" (Domine quo vadis)? To which Jesus responded, "To Rome to be crucified again!" After this courage was restored to St Peter and he returned to Rome. Has there ever been a feast celebrated in the honor of this pious legend? Has the Catholic Church ever pronounced anything on the subject as to what organs are or are not permitted to be used in human organ transplants? I know my sins have wounded Thy Tender Heart, O My Savior, let me be freed from the bonds of evil through the most bitter Passion of My Redeemer. Amen. Secondly bishops must resign their posts at the age of 75. However the pope may or may not accept the resignation in question. Cornea (deceased-donor only) see the ophthalmologist Eduard Zirm No historical reason seems to be able to be found at the present moment. Lung (deceased-donor and living-related lung transplantation) Since 1970, the Catholic Church only celebrates the Chair of St. Peter at Rome on February 22. Throughout the dying person's time in his sick bed, it is good to offer to him short acclamations that encourage the focus on Christ and the prayers of the Saints. Below are the ones listed in the 1958 St. Andrew Daily Missal. Periodically whisper these prayers into the dying person's ears: In the same way, should there be a problem which, in the view of the majority of the assembled Cardinals, cannot be postponed until another time, the College of Cardinals may act according to the majority opinion. - UNIVERSI DOMINICI GREGIS Bone (deceased-donor and living-donor) I have found two sources that seem to support this idea. The 2nd-century writer Irenaeus of Lyon regarded the conception of Jesus as 25 March coinciding with the Passion. When a pope resigns his office as Supreme Pontiff of the Church, he no longer remains pope, but by virtue of his consecration as a bishop, remains a bishop forever. It is likely that at this time (12th century) Tyrian or Imperial purple was still being used in Rome, but it had become the colour used exclusively by the Pope and by nobility. So, when Innocent used the word violaceus, instead of purpura, it would seem very unlikely that he was recommending that violaceus-colored vestments were to be dyed from the expensive process for producing Tyrian purple. That expensive process would be unaffordable and unavailable to Western clergy. Rather, it would seem likely that Innocent’s violaceus was intended as Royal purple , a colour produced from the less expensive non-Murex dyes. It should be carefully noted that these less expensive dyeing processes could produce a violet-coloured dye or an amethyst (or fuchsia) purple coloured dye. But they were colours not so dark as Tyrian purple. I would suggest, therefore, that Innocent’s use of the word violaceus has nothing to do with an attempt to make a distinction (as some scholars have suggested) between the colors we recognize as violet and purple. - The Liturgical Color violaceus in the Roman Rite: Part One and Part Two