Punctures are a part of riding sadly, so don't be put off by the odd flat. 

Added: Since your tyres say maximum pressure of 90 PSI, you shouldn't go much over that. Kenda's specs say 90 psi is the maximum for the "kenda street black mocha" so while they will survive more, the question is how much more. Instead, consider replacing them with tyres that are suitable for higher pressures. 

Narrower tyres could help too, you're sweeping a thinner ribbon of roadway with your rubber. 

Depending on your location you may be entitled to take the road lane (this is also a great speed motivator.) 

EDIT: Other points I missed * patching in the rain or dampness - water/cold stops the cement from curing as quickly, and being wet makes you hurry. 

Someone else might like to comment on tyre sweeper wires, but I've never used them and to my mind the damage is already done once your wheel has ridden over the sharp thing once. 

Example of dual wheel rims on a bike. This is a custom-built rig for polar snow riding. Chain runs through between the rims so they're separate, but the front rims are together. Tyre pressure is given as only 2 PSI. 

Ride with others - Some of my best times have been gained while in pursuit of other riders. Organised rides help keep the motivation up, and show you routes or methods that could help you. Plus draughting/drafting can be a good 30% saving on your power input. 

Technical FAQ: Tire grip in wet conditions 

Another area I have found them useful is when we get a dump of snow, which melts and becomes slushy, followed by a precipitous drop in temperature which causes the ponds of slush to turn to ponds of ice. Here again studded tires excel. In 2012 when we got a big chill after slushy snow, the spikes were a godsend for about a couple weeks as I was able to ride across parking lot completely covered in ice without crashing. I could not turn sharply or lean into a turn, but if I was careful I could ride the ice lakes! 

All things being equal, a larger volume tire will also be heavier than a narrower tire. Add in heavy duty construction found on most high volume tires, and you end up with a much heavier tire. This results in a large weight penalty which can noticeably affect acceleration, furthering the feel of the tire being slower. 

In general bicycle road tire traction will be related to the following factors: 

Does tread have an influence on traction in road bicycle tires? Yes. Tread does have an influence on traction in road tires. Tread, if it is not so high that it lifts the tread ground off the road (<0.2mm), helps sink tread rubber into rough road surfaces and penetrate lubricants (water) or dirt. Peaks in the tread increase press into surface crevices and add contact points between the road and the tire, and thus increase friction. Just a roughened or scuffed tread surface passes as a tread already. It does not need to be designed shapes.