Ahtisaari (again moves the hand over the table): We will do it to Belgrade. In less than a week there will be half a million dead. 

This duality led to many mistakes by individuals and politicians who made deals with Nazi party and Nazi Germany. German Cristians thought they are dealing with a centrist patriotic party when voting for enabling act. Vatican thought Hitler is quite like Mussolini: a moderately conservative centrist. Stalin thought he was dealing with a left-center party of small bourgeoisie. Ethnic minorities also thought Nazis are pro-national self-determination and cultural autonomy. 

First, Syria is the last country in the Muslim world that nominally declares itself "socialist". The other two, Libya and Iraq has been already invaded by the United States and their governments overthrown, so currently only Syria is remaining on the list. 

Peloponnesian League was formed between 6 and 4th centuries BC 

It seems that the most controversies between the political parties in the US lay outside of left-right dimension. In other countries these issues (LGBT, abortions, capital punishment, women rights, ban on smoking etc) would be considered non-political entirely because "political" usually means connected to left-right dispute. In Russia one can say "I decided to leave politics, I will struggle for gay rights now on" or "I decided to leave politics, I will fight for ban on abortions". 

http://www.golos-ameriki.ru/content/us-arms-syria/1216767.html 

I like the other answer by TED and I upvoted it. But there are things that can be added. 

Achaean League existed between 280 BC and 146 BC 

League of Corinth was formed during the winter of 338 BC/337 BC 

From this point of view, the US political parties seem to not to engage in politics at all. 

The special services usually receive better training. 

Holy Roman Empire was a supranational organization that can be seen as a prototype of the European Union. 

In addition to what TED said I want to mention other players in the region. 

Many Germans believed that Nazis really protect animal rights for ethical reasons, not just to make a ban on Jewish meat. 

Emperor certainly was not monarch before Heraclius, in modern terms it was "dictatorship". Also note that the predecessor of Heraclius, Phocas was desposed by the senate, which indicates that at least senators did not consider the state to be monarchy. 

In addition to that I want to mention is that Turkey already formed a shadow Syrian cabinet on its territory which is a classic prelude for a war. Russia supports Syria not only because of the naval base but also because they believe that they will be invaded by the USA or Saudi-sponsored rebels right after Syria and Iran. Russia wants to postpone its place in the queue. 

Update. Recently, for example, there was a rally in Russia against a new copyright-protecting law that would allow to ban internet sites for copyright violation. The organizers of the rally stated in their announcement that "political banners are not allowed" and that the rally is "entirely non-political". 

Delian League was founded in 5th century BC 

In central, barbarian, Europe it was common to conduct inter-tribal congresses. Over several such congresses Julius Caesar himself presided. 

In reality it turned out that even conservative clergymen looked like Bolshevicks compared to Nazis. 

I do not know which country do you mean but I suppose that in most countries the head of state is guerded by special services, and not police, not the army. The ceremonial escort though may be by some special military units, but the actual protection do the special services. 

The first emperor to take the monarchical title was Heraclius. 

Besides taking the royal title he also changed the state language to Greek from Latin. Note that in Latin documents the title was borrowed from Greek rather than translated as "rex". 

Catholic Church was founded in 1st cantury AD and soon became a supranational organization with college of cardinals composed of representatives of different countres. The encyclicals of the Pope were mandatory to all Catholic states. 

Ahtisaari (moves hand over the table surface): Belgrade will be like this table. We at once will start carpet bombing of Belgrade. 

I think that Nazi regime was unique in world history in that it unlike any other regime before and after had two faces: it externally pretended to be a left-center force, a left-centrist socialist pro-workers, progressive, industrialist, anti-monarchist, anti-religious, pro-women rights, pro-animal rights, anti-capitalist, anti-monarchist, anti-colonialist party. But in reality it turned out that Nazism was actually far more right than any monarchists, Russian "black-hundreds" and conservatives were before. It was hiding its ultra-right face for a while to achieve popular support. 

The USA. The main sponsor and inspirator behind the insurrection. As admits Voice of America (citing The New York Times) the CIA is supplying weapons to the rebels as well. 

Miloshevich (after reading the document): What will happen if we will not sign? 

Nobody mentioned that Hitler also withstood several internal party votings to the position of the party leader. It is difficult to say whether these votings were fair and what would happen if he failed to secure the majority, but at least we know that Mussolini was deposed by the internal party means.