If we accept this (unproven here) conclusion, then God gave humans free will in order that they might be capable of genuinely loving him. True love is voluntary, so in order for us to be capable of loving God, we also had to be capable of something else, including rebellion/sin. 1 Corinthians 8:6 (NASB) yet for us there is but one God, the Father, from whom are all things and we exist for Him; and one Lord, Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we exist through Him. Illogical Some will argue that it just doesn't make sense (1+1+1=1?) and that God is not a god of confusion, and so since the idea of the Trinity is less emphatically asserted in the text (compared to Jesus' divinity, the need for Salvation, etc.), it is not an idea that ought to be embraced. I posit that "rest" here means something like "at rest" (i.e. an object that is not moving) as opposed to relaxing or sleeping. He "rested" because he had (v2) "completed His work which He had done" and there was nothing left to do. He "ceased" from working because his work was finished. Often, the english word miracle is used in translation of the Greek word dunamis, which is more generally understood to mean power. A common American English definition of miracle characterizes a miracle as "an event that violates the laws of nature, especially with divine origin." Use of common definitions of American English words to understand Scriptural concepts like miracles makes asking and answering questions difficult. In this case, the definition relies on so-called laws of nature, and so misapplication of the common definition suggests that God created a set of laws that he then breaks at will. This is not the Scriptural position, so the answer to all three questions is a vacuous no, because they aren't admissible. This jealousy that is attributed to God must be of the first kind then. Consider the following passages, "Jealousy" in colloquial English, means either (1) indignation in response to infidelity, or (2) covetousness of the belongings of others. We can immediately eliminate the second case, because God cannot be covetous; everything is his. A Christian understanding of miracles relies on a Scriptural interpretation of dunamis. The words is used to describe acts of God or acts of humans empowered and inspired by his Spirit that transcend ordinary human experience, ability, or understanding. 1 Corinthians 8:6 (NASB) yet for us there is but one God, the Father, from whom are all things and we exist for Him; and one Lord, Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we exist through Him. If we accept this (unproven here) conclusion, then God gave humans free will in order that they might be capable of genuinely loving him. True love is voluntary, so in order for us to be capable of loving God, we also had to be capable of something else, including rebellion/sin. "Rested" = "Ceased" The Hebrew word translated "rested" in Genesis 2:2 is shabath (7673, שָׁבַת) literally means: to cease, desist, rest. This is the origin of the word "Sabbath," the day of rest or the day on which no work was to be done. God is One Critics of trinitarianism will point to there being almost no mention of any "persons of the Godhead" in the Old Testament (exceptions: Ge 1:26, Ge 11:7), and many instances of there being only one God. They will describe the three "persons" of the Trinity as being three separate gods because they are not a single, identical individual. Yes. God has always been the same and he exists now, so he has always existed. From the answer to the first question, if you mean "was there any time before creation when God did not exist," the correct response is, "there was no time before creation. There was only God." The Scriptures do not ascribe to creation the ability to operate independently from the Creator. On the contrary, the Scriptures teach that God both set nature into motion and continuously sustains it. The Scriptures say that He holds all things together. The Apostle John wrote that it was through the Word who took on flesh, Massiah, that all things were created. Since there is no biblical foundation for a set of principles which govern the cosmos apart from God, the answer is "no." Christians do not believe that God obeys set of governing physical principles. They believe that God has the freedom and ability to effect his will without regard to human understanding of physical phenomena. As a logical argument, when we say "nothing exists that was not made by God," this includes all of the cosmos and time itself. Hence, the words "become God" are not meaningful. Nothing can change except for created things, because change (ie from something other than God into God) requires time to have a "before the change" state and an "after the change" state.