As to being able to say "this person will fill my boots for only a few weeks or months" it is, insofar I'm aware, not possible. Proxy voting is possible, but if I'm not mistaken it assumes that you give specific voting instructions for a specific vote, rather than giving what amounts to a blank check. Put another way some parts of Afghanistan never were under control to begin with; the Afghan troops that are fighting the Taliban are - if only at times - poorly trained, undisciplined, and corrupt; and the US is basically drained of any motivation to help. (See for instance 1:17:00 in the video for an arresting account of how the US' financial aid was being wasted.) It lays bare the unfortunate inadequacy and corruption of Afghan troops, their low discipline, and their lack of support within the population in the countryside. They asked 7,150 respondents for their opinion, but asked each one about a random selection of 15 of 144 countries. If you make the numbers show in the table where you can select of a few individual countries and the breakdown by respondent type, you can see this translates to roughly 1,000-1,400 respondents per country in total. If you ignore the 45% not sure replies (which the NYT seems to have done), you end up with a relatively small sample size and I'd wager nothing conclusively different. Last, he's technically exercising his first amendment rights. As POTUS, XKCD 1357 doesn't apply. It makes sense because several states, organisations and individuals challenged the repeal of DACA in lawsuits. If there's a risk that Trump's administration is overturned (remember the Muslim ban?) it's more practical to postpone the DACA repeal's application until the litigation over it ends. Left-leaning and liberal are indeed the same thing in the US, or at least they are in day to day speech. The constitution and 17th amendment leave the specifics of dealing with Senate vacancies to the states. In the case of John McCain: The Vice documentary "This is what winning looks like" might give you a few helpful pointers: Yes. At the very least it should be strongly implied. This article from the end of 2013, for instance, notes that McCain was among the 10 Republicans who voted for the transgender ENDA bill. It introduced a number of protections for the LGBT in the workplace. It admittedly says nothing about McCain's stance on LGBT in the military but at the very least one can infer that McCain was defending LGBT rights before Trump was attacking him. Note: This seems to have already started Background As noted in Participatory Budgeting in Brazil (.PDF) (i) The Report of the Executive Office of the President of June 2013 (The President's Climate Action Plan); and So, Trump signed an executive order on Tuesday (28/03/2017): Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Energy Independence and Economic Growth with protests on Inauguration day. Context Reading Man who threw boiling water on gay couple will spend 40 years in prison: In Michael Flynn's Russia payment likely broke disclosure laws, lawmakers say: Ryan says pulling the bill was "a setback, no two ways about it." (i) Executive Order 13653 of November 1, 2013 (Preparing the United States for the Impacts of Climate Change); With the withdrawal of the ACHA bill due to shortage of votes (iii) The Presidential Memorandum of November 3, 2015 (Mitigating Impacts on Natural Resources from Development and Encouraging Related Private Investment); and The Regulation of GMOs in Europe and the United States: A Case-Study of Contemporary European Regulatory Politics Differing U.S. and European Perspectives on GMOs: Political, Economic and Cultural Issues The U.S. and EU: Different Approaches