So why don't libertarians vote for DNC because of this? Reasons vary between different people, but some of them are: 

NOTE: here's an interesting thing... if #1 is important for you as long term goal as far as "decent living for all" goal but not ideologically, libertarians would argue that their approach (less government control of economy) is MORE likely to lead to your goal than the opposite approach. If you have doubts, compare level of life of the poorest people in the an urban ghetto in USA vs. random poor worker or peasant in USSR who lived far from the center in late 1980s or 1960s (when people were not artificially subcidized by selling oil to the west as under Brezhnev). [1] - Yes, i'm aware that some people make an argument that the "reason" was "government-issued blackberry can only use one email account". However, she didn't need to use a second work-related account; and no government regulation prohibits having a personal cell phone for access to personal email, therefore this does not constitute legitimate excuse. "I Wanna, and it's more convinient" is an excuse that is not legitimate even for teenagers, never mind government officials. 

Shia had other priorities (Sunnis). First you had Iran-Iraq war sapping Iran's resources; then you had Lebanon taking priority, then Syria. Even in areas where GOP does seem (or is) to be supporting government interference, it is VERY frequently in areas that many libertarians either don't view as undue interference, OR where they disagree with the underlying premise by both parties, or both GOP and DNC are not all that different. To whit, the three main "government interference" items that GOP is usually accuse of are: abortion, gay marriage, immigration, and military intervention abroad. Let's look at each one in details: However, there are many likely/possible factors: To top that off, many right wing type people accuse hard left ones of anti-Semitism, due to very-anti-Israel stance (e.g. hating on Israel for killing 10 arab militants and totally ignoring Al Assad or Saddam killing hundreds and thousands of same exact Arabs) as well as deep belief of far left in typical anti-Semitic accusations (Jews run Wall Street, masons, Jews caused war in Iraq, etc...). This includes "affiliated" nominally independent senators, e.g. Bernie Sanders may not count towards DNC majority technically speaking, but is a part of it practically speaking. 

As it is, that's not the case, and the immigration model as it currently stands serves to strongly enhance the welfare state, since all those immigrants get to be taken care of by the state (health, education, other welfare payments) if they are allowed to reside in USA legally without restrictions. You don't see Democrats offering to trade amnesty for "no welfare/social payments to any newly legalized people, ever", do you? Almost all Republicans (92 percent) and most independents (74 percent) perceive coverage as tougher on Trump. Some Democrats agree: 42 percent say it’s been tougher, 34 percent easier, and 21 percent the same. 

Those people definitely match #1, #2, and #4. True fascists (Italy/Germany) mostly supported #3 as well, but the problem is that almost all American proponents, both now and in the past, were quite religious and would disagree on #3. 

In case of Obama, the two generally cited examples are Obamacare rollout and immigration policies, but I'm sure it's easy to find examples for other presidents to satisfy anyone's political leanings. “We are in possession of what I think to be compelling evidence that Saddam Hussein has, and has had for a number of years, a developing capacity for the production and storage of weapons of mass destruction.” — Bob Graham, December 2002 

So, where does that leave you? Depends on how much you're willing to sacrifice: 

But many of them support abortions in first trimester, and a vast majority couldn't care less about opposing gay marriage (though an even greater majority would prefer marriage to be separated from State in the first place, gay or straight). While most of them loudly proclaim that they are against racism and anti-Semitism (and accuse right wing of those), a large chunk of them are hugely anti-Semitic due to ideological alliances with Hamas and co (discussed in detail above). 

These obviously immediately exclude libertarian type parties as well as GOP. Some people simply take a more pragmatic view that defense of the country is the proper (only one of 2 proper) jobs of federal government, even if they are libertarian. Therefore they may object to specific foreign policy steps but don't have any inclinations to vote DNC just because they are "less militarily inclined". Remember that Eisenhower was a Republican. The main wrinkle here is that a lot of them are 1/2 divergent with you on #2 (social anti-progressivism). 

Does Donald Trump have an position on the topic? (either explicit, or inferred by specific cabinet picks?). 2016+ position preferred, but past statements are OK as evidence as well.