In European countries it is usually mandatory to register your place of residence with the local municipality. Births and deaths also need to be reported. That means that the local municipalities have a complete list of their residents with enough information about them to know who is eligible for voting. So they can just send every person with suffrage their voting papers prior to the election. No. Although there is a petition system in the United Kingdom, where such a petition is already being made, it is not binding. Another problem is that list-candidates don't represent any particular district. When the US constitution would want the citizens to choose their president and vice president separately, it would require two separate electoral colleges, one for the president and one for the vice-president. However, when the 12th ammendment was made, this wasn't the intention. In that case point out the difference in scale. "While there once was an incident where Bobson stepped on a kitten and then apologized for it, this stands in no comparison to Alison who proudly boasts how she strangles an innocent kitten every day and how much she enjoys it. In this regard she is clearly much worse than Bobson". A different tactic would be adding to the rolls people who are not allowed to vote, or even unexistent people (so people with fake IDs would vote twice or more). Detecting these is more of a problem, since it does not involve innocent people. Still, it is a significant risk due to: 2Unless someone planned to show at the poll station with a "Mickey Mouse" ID. And of course, it sets a very dangerous precedent... from then on, any losing candidate may use the "fraud" card ("it is not my fault because I was a bad candidate, it is the 'black hand'") and the situation may repeat itself again and again. I think the question is meaningless because there is no standard of how "wide" or "narrow" the base of a political party must be, a practical guide to tell us (in the ideological dimension) what a "political party" is and what a "coalition" is. Consider: A coalition of political parties is a group of people with a set of shared goals that present a list of candidates and a electoral program to try to win a set of given elected positions. They present those to the public, in the hope that the public approves and them and gives them their votes. I thought there might be a clue in the difference between the number of constituencies for which a list was handed in, versus the number that was approved. This does not explain the discrepancy: section five of the proces-verbaal (page 19 onward) describes rejected lists; Jezus Leeft handed in lists in 7 constituencies, all were approved; StemNL handed in lists in 20 constituencies, 11 were rejected, 9 were approved. So the inconsistent list ordering does not relate to the number of constituencies prior to approval checking, either. Based on what criteria does NOS decide what 14 parties to invite to the election debate? They could agree to not stand in the same constituencies, like for the partial PS-EELV (red-green) agreement in France. In the Dutch general election, 2012, 11 parties entered parliament. There is no major¹ party where the relative difference is as dramatic as for the Socialist Party (SP), where the proportion of the vote among voters abroad is less than ⅓ of the proportion in total. Why is the discrepancy particularly large for the SP? In the opinion polls for the upcoming election, 14 parties are deemed to have a good chance to enter parliament.