He was despised. He was beaten. He was killed on a Roman cross, the death for traitors and murderers. He temporarily went through Hell for his people. Satan had indeed bruised his heel, but that death had paid for the sins of his people. I'm looking for passages of Paul or Jesus that match up with each other, not external verification that they are on the same page. Also, the angel's reassurance to Joseph that the child is from the Holy Spirit rules out any possible third party - unless you question the angel's knowledge. "therefore the child will be called holy" - this statement explains the importance of the virgin birth. If Jesus had been born of man, he would be a sinner, for "in Adam all die" (1 Corinthians 15:22). However, since Jesus was conceived by the Holy Spirit, he is "holy." In the four Gospels, Jesus seems to talk a lot about the Law, about how to behave, about "the Kingdom" and how to restore social order. It doesn't seem like he talks about what Paul talks about: grace, law vs. gospel, gentile-inclusion. Mostly, what most Christians mean by "Gospel" and grace. A savior. A promise. Importantly, not Adam. Adam and Eve weren't going to get themselves out of this mess. Their offspring would. An offspring who would be born through the humiliating and painful process that God had just described to Eve a few verses back (the curse of the pain of childbirth). An offspring who would be injured by the snake (crushed on the heel) but who would, ultimately, crush the head of the snake. Gospel means "good news." Understood rightly, this bit of news to Adam and Eve was certainly good news. The snake - the epitome of sin - had tricked Adam and Eve. Because of the snake (and their own sinful actions, of course) they were being kicked out of the garden. By trying to become like God, they had become like the snake - sinful and evil. The most common interpretation is that Paul was addressing the Galatians' demanding that all Christians keep the entire Law. Paul specifically chose circumcision as the sign of the Law and says plainly "For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision nor uncircumcision has any value." These verses are also commonly used to say that the Christian need not follow any of the Law. The most common interpretation is that it is acceptable to eat any meat so long as the animal was not sacrificed to an idol. Yes, Jesus was indeed a Jew. More than that, Jesus was a truly righteous Jew. His parents did circumcise him (Luke 2:21) as all good Jewish parents do for their sons, and it is a reasonable assumption that Jesus never ate any unclean animal per the Law in Leviticus. Though I have not given a doctrinal perspective, I think I have represented the majority of Christianity in the interpretation of these verses. So whether you eat or drink or whatever you do, do it all for the glory of God. 1 Corinthians 10:25-31 (NIV) 26 Jesus looked at them and said, “With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.” Is there a designated time when prayers should be said to Jesus and other prayers should be said to God? Up until this point, the disciples had operated under the aegis of both Roman and Jewish law. They were seen as just another group of disciples of some charismatic Rabbi. If he had some strange ideas he was teaching, well, so did plenty of others. But he was also more than a man; he was God the Son, capable of forgiving sins, knowing the thoughts in the hearts of the people around him, and in the end, taking the penalty for all our sins upon him, dying and being resurrected to make salvation possible for all of us. That aspect of his life is intertwined with the Jesus-the-man parts, but they're unique and separate. As long as we understand that and don't try to emulate that part of his life as an example, we can certainly draw inspiration and direction from the rest of it, as you put it, and strive to be more like him. Here, he was trying to explain to them that they would need to be prepared to stay mobile (side note: the word fugitive comes from a Latin root meaning "to flee"): they would need to always have a purse (for money) and a bag (to carry basic supplies) ready, and that a sword (for protection against other men) was to be more important to them than a cloak (for protection against the elements) in the days to come. But as we see repeatedly throughout the Gospels, the disciples never really "got" the whole "Jesus is going to die and then be resurrected" thing until after it was all accomplished. Here, they hear him talking about swords, and someone says "yeah, we've got a couple here already." They just don't understand what he's trying to explain, and you can almost hear the Master's resigned sigh. "Sure, that'll be fine."