Morgana's Soul Shackles (breaking the chain by knocking her out can save a full team stun) Deathfire Grasp is worth 120 AP, exactly as much as Rabadon's Deathcap, and would make a good filler item, as while the Active won't stack, you will get the 10% cooldown reduction repeatedly. Zed seems to work surprisingly well. He can last-hit with Q on a fairly short cooldown, doesn't need to worry about sustaining mana, and after a couple levels can waveclear at a distance with W-E. Our final total stats are: 395% Attack Speed 180.6 AP 445 Bonus Attack Damage 7% Damage Multiplier To achieve maximal damage, we'll need to consider the shots fired cap of 34. Given a base speed of .638, and a formula of 7.5+10.5*AS=shots, we'll need a 395% bonus to reach the cap. Lucian gains 3.3% AS a level, so after 17 levels, he's earned 56% AS. Using the Fury and Frenzy Masteries, he earns another 14%, so he's at 70% before we have to make any real choices, leaving 325% to find. Don't get me wrong, you're still going to lose the lane, you'll just hopefully lose it slower than your opponent loses their single lane. Edit: With the recent price changes to red pot (3.6 patch), taking it will limit your sustainability down to 3 health potions. This is probably too few. Cloth Armour 5 pots is probably a better strategy, although it will cut down on your ability to harass and accomplish much with a surprise jungle/mid gank. Frostbite deals double damage to champions "slowed by an ice effect." This seems to imply that any ice effect should work, but the forums seem divided on the matter. This means that Nunu is a given, Hello Nunu! Would you mind carrying auras for me? Thanks! (280% AS remaining) (There are also a large number of champions that can grant movement speed buffs, but that doesn't sound like what you're looking for.) My interpretation is that this remaining 210% Attack Speed is most efficiently bridged with 2 Runaan's Hurricanes, a Guinsoo's Rageblade, and 18% Attack Speed from runes. This leaves 310 Attack Damage from a Sword of the Occult and two Bloodthirsters. Time for Theorycrafting, Huzzah! Our totals right now are: 115% Attack Speed (280% Remaining) 59+5% Ability Power 40 Bonus Attack Damage 7% Damage multiplier However, there is an experimental change on the PBE, that changes the functionality of attack moving. Note that this may or may not make it to live and is currently only being tested. The above link has more information about this change and some pictures showing functionality, but below are the basics of what is being tested, taken from that post. Mid to late game focus switches to: The very reason there is a duo lane bottom is to keep early pressure on dragon. So keeping the river and/or dragon pit warded both reveals possible ganks and prevents the enemy from sneaking in a dragon kill. This also goes for baron in the mid to late game after laning phase is over. You might be surprised how often people neglect to keep track of neutral objectives. Having someone on the team to give guidance can help keep everyone on the same page. Once towers start falling the laning phase is over or soon will be. You should have a sightstone by now, and a red sweeper trinket. While everyone on the team can help with vision, the support has the most tools to contribute. While you aren't warding you should be sticking with your team. What you do then will largely depend on the champion you play. So again just general rules to apply. Auto Attacks after the root wore off dealt 60 damage No there is no way to change A's attack move command to only target champions. The default key "tilde" does not target the same way the "a" key does. So yes, any masteries that heal including this are affected by ignite. Auto Attacks while under the effects of the root dealt 76 damage Further testing in a custom game I've noticed that the -50 armor and magic resist persists after the CC ends (seen by clicking on the crab and checking its resists before, during and after the effect), but the 25% extra damage does not. It can however be reapplied multiple times after ending without killing the crab.