Jabberwocky language is an interesting comparison; here's the first two lines of Lewis Carrols delightful verse: 

Butler also reconfigures Freuds theory of sexuality so that straight identities are not the sole outcome - queer identities are possible, in fact required. 

You may also find Propaganda by Bernays (a nephew of Freud) also useful - he wrote: 

Heraclito inconstante, que es el mismo 

The terms highlighted is what Einstein managed to introduce to gravity. 

Smooth toposes model synthetic differential geometry, where the fact that the law of the excluded middle fails is neccessary to define the infinitesimal line. 

A particularly vocal critic has been liberal feminist Martha Nussbaum, who has argued that Butler misreads J.L. Austin's idea of performative utterance, makes erroneous legal claims, forecloses an essential site of resistance by repudiating pre-cultural agency, and provides no normative ethical theory to direct the subversive performances that Butler endorses. 

Of all these John Bergers book is probably the best introductory secondary source - it was used once as a university set text. 

It also has a geometric character: A sheaf of sets, is a topos, and is equivalently (which reveals it geometric character more clearly) an etale (projection is locally homeomorphic) bundle. 

This is the hidden symmetry of light; Geometrically thought of as a circle; it's also referred to as 'gauge freedom', or 'internal symmetry space'. 

The tree of life determined by taxology determines how species are descended from each other. Its modern incarnation is cladistics which uses gene-determined information. 

Finally, Nancy Fraser's critique of Butler was part of a famous exchange between the two theorists. Fraser has suggested that Butler's focus on performativity distances her from “everyday ways of talking and thinking about ourselves. […] Why should we use such a self-distancing idiom?” 

The use of language here is lyrically complex, rhythmic with repitition and alliteration; combining symbols of magic, adventure, madness, eros and intimations of mystery - together with profane, sacred and the sublime and this in final stretch of everyday prose so it stands out like some low luminous flame. 

She remarks, also in places, that these ethical considerations for arose out of her studies of Jewish Philosophy - she names Martin Buber as a source. 

But this isn't really what the metaphysics is about; the locus classicus is Socrates in the Republic, where he asks why is a third thing is required to see - the Sun. 

Similarly, I would suggest that philosophers that are heavily invested in language, and it's modes of expression do require glossing, and commentaries as an initiation into that tradition - which might seem only to be a tradition unto themselves - but aren't as they are speaking to each other - as they should be. 

Who ran these experiments, and in which journal was the article published in? Who has examined this critically from a philosophical point of view? For example the Bergsonian perspective alluded to above. 

I haven't read the book, so I can't say much more on it; but I expect that the argument will be similar to how visible light is only a small part of the electromagnetic spectrum, and this is generally accepted; the next step is to note that all the modern theories of forces (apart from gravity) are couched in theoretical terms taken from Maxwell, Freeman Dyson quotes him as saying (reprinted in only the second volume of Nature): 

The sociologist Wright Mills wrote The Power Elite where he examines the interwoven interests of the military, corporate & political elements of American society. Chomsky has a number of books on the Manufacture of consent via the medium of the media. You might find Galbraiths books on the Great Crash useful where he examines the behaviour of the economic/business elite in relation to the great crash of 1929. Shock doctrine by Naomi Klien can be seen as a useful update of that thesis. 

Now, the first extract, at least to me gives me a picture of dolphins gambolling in the waves in a brilliant sunny day - but to translate into this removes entirely the wordplay and alliterative music which is essential to this poetic effect - it also works against the grain of conventional poetry which ties in, I suppose, with Carrils unconventionality. 

I recall reading some article or other some time ago that it had been demonstrated that our actions are apparent before we are entirely conscious of them; and here we are not talking about fractions of a second but some significant elapse of time. I had dismissed it at the time as some clever marketing by some scientific team looking for some eye-catching anti-intuitive result. But it does appear that some people are taking this seriously.