Alienation vs. production of property So what does it mean that he alienates his property, i.e. his craft? Well, Kant is quite explicit about it: As a more broad possibility and an embedding into the whole history Kants own works and system as well as German Idealism as a whole I would suggest Eckart Förster's The Twenty-Five Years of Philosophy Förster continues that the foundation of/reason for the relation for two situations seems to be unproblematic: Sensing means that the object invokes the perception, moral acting means invoking an object from a perception. But how can we possibly imagine a relation between a metaphysical object and a perception so that we can judge the truth-value (that is understanding the relation)? How is metaphysics possible? Another translation of Kant's own thoughts on that: Now this, taken as general law, would mean that it depends on the subjective percievings of a situation (and possible consequences) and helpfulness wether a lie was wrong or right. In his essay On a supposed right to lie because of philantropic concerns he therefore argues that, as no human being can ever be sure of the future and the helpfulness for others, this maxim can never be a general law as it does not really say how to act morally, which for him is linked with certainty. Ad [2.]: 'The self' that is meant by "I" in 2 is a body-mind unity that is actually needed to imagine, experience, look. 

PS: If you want to learn more about the political implications of the categorical imperative, I suggest reading his Towards Perpetual Peace, where he explicitly writes e.g. that there is a need of republican constitution that guarantees the freedom of all individuals (8:349-50). He writes about how to use political power in a moral way, too: He distinguishes between a political moralist, arguing that whatever he does is right as mean to a certain end (i.e. what he likes to do), and a moral politician, using the categorical imperative as a minimum standard of political action and doing what is right, not what he likes to (8:377-8). Weischedel's edition in Suhrkamp is good enough and relatively cheap, but it is outdated and not good for citation imho. My proposal for the not explicit first proposition would be, hidden in the paragraphs 10 and 11 of the first section: