Nonetheless, the records show that Churchill and the War Cabinet continued to do their best to divert available resources to provide assistance to India. Shipping remained one of the key problems, and the cabinet recommended that: In April 1944, we know that Wavel was reporting that the situation in India was still dire. At this point, Churchill even wrote to President Roosevelt to ask for assistance: Between those two celebrations, the UK had held a General Election on 5 July, and elected Clement Attlee's Labour Party. That government is remembered today for the founding of the Welfare State and National Health Service. In fact, the foundation for these policies was laid by the wartime coalition government, and the differences between the campaign promises of the two main parties (Labour, led by Clement Attlee, and the Conservatives, led by Winston Churchill) look surprisingly small from a modern perspective. The earliest air drops of aid to Poland were made in February 1941 using Whitley bombers. To the best of my knowledge, none of these drops involved parachuting agents into Poland. However, there is some uncertainty about quite how much was known in London, and when, about the severity of the famine. In his 1990 book, Bengal Tiger and British Lion: An Account of the Bengal Famine of 1943, Richard Stevenson laid a great deal of the blame at the door of the then Viceroy, Victor Hope, 2nd Marquess of Linlithgow. This meant that a withdrawal was not only politically unthinkable for any government, it was also militarily unthinkable in the light of the developing Cold War. An excellent recent examination of this transitional post-war period is Britain and the Cold War: 1945 as Geopolitical Transition by Peter J. Taylor. The speech was part of a secret session briefing on the situation in North Africa on 10 December 1942. The original papers are held at the UK National Archives under reference PREM3/442/12. In 1948, the United States passed the Foreign Assistance Act of 1948 which created the European Recovery Program (better known as the Marshall Plan, named after the American Secretary of State, George Marshall). In the aftermath of Pearl Harbor, Robert Watson-Watt was called in to give an assessment of what went wrong. His report was damning. He identified: Origins of the claim The claim that Churchill was responsible for the 1943 Bengal famine stems from the book Churchill's Secret War, By Madhusree Mukerjee. Three weeks later, The Statesman newspaper published graphic images of starving famine victims in Calcutta, bringing the situation to the attention of the world. It was probably several weeks before copies of the newspaper reached London. On 8 May 1945, Britain celebrated VE day, marking the formal conclusion of the war in Europe. Three months later, the surrender of Japan marked the end of World War 2, and VJ Day was celebrated in the UK, the USA and in Australia. The records of the sales are now held by the NAA in series MP392/31 - "Lend Lease/US Army surplus vehicles for disposal". He stated that the goal was to be: Three weeks later, The Statesman newspaper published graphic images of starving famine victims in Calcutta, bringing the situation to the attention of the world. It was probably several weeks before copies of the newspaper reached London. Absolutely not. The evidence shows that statement is completely untrue, although it might be argued that he might have done more to alleviate the situation, had he been blessed with the gift of 20/20 hindsight (like his modern critics). The need to keep crew on watch to a minimum is mentioned by Timothy Mulligan in his book Neither Sharks Nor Wolves: The Men of Nazi Germany's U-boat Army, 1939-1945. If essential watch crew were kept to a minimum when the U-boat was on the surface, it is unlikely that crew would be allowed on deck for relaxation, except perhaps in very exceptional circumstances where the risk to the U-boat was considered minimal. Churchill appointed Field Marshal, Lord Wavell as Viceroy and Governor of India on 1 October 1943. In briefing the cabinet on Wavell's appointment, Churchill stated that Wavell's duty was to: Given that the truck was a lend-lease vehicle sold in Queensland, I'd guess that it was supplied to Australia under the terms of the lend-lease agreement. Indeed, as the historian Arthur Herman wrote: It was all nonsense of course, but it became part of the national myth. The truth is that the British government made a deliberate decision to spend the money on maintaining her position as a world power, rather than on investment and reconstruction at home. I remember being told as a boy in the 1970's that the reason our economy and industry was in such a poor state, particularly when compared with the West German "economic miracle", was that the RAF and USAF had bombed most of the German factories flat, and they had then re-built with the latest technologies paid for with Marshall Aid dollars. In the meantime, Britain, as the victor, had to struggle on with bomb-damaged factories full of worn-out and outdated kit. However, it appears that, while U-boat crews were aware of the risks posed by Royal Navy vessels, early in the war they were not necessarily aware that merchant vessels were accompanied by escorts. The U-boat "U-70" was sunk on 7 March 1941. The report on the interrogation of survivors makes exactly this point: