Suppose you raised pre-flop with the AK and have one caller, so you go heads-up to the flop. On the flop comes QKA which are all spades. This is clearly a very draw-heavy board, and your two pair AK will not be good all the time. If you can think of other situations besides the situations described where it may be good play to just flat call, it would be very appreciated. Best five cards is always best five cards for the player holding the hand! In general to calculate your percentage of hitting you can do the following: However, this calculation is quit cumbersome in practice. Therefore, here is a quick rule of thumb to approximate your hitting chance: Suppose the opponent is a tight/passive player. In this situation he probably already made a straight of flush and folding is the best option. He will not be semi-bluffing in this situation very often and certainly will not try this with just an ace. The only possible hand which he could have an you can beat would be AQ, which he will not have the majority of the time. In short, I believe you're assuming the author to have said something that he hasn't. It's still an interesting point though. Also, the equity distribution of starting hands is NOT linear. The "Chen Formula" tries to equate for this weakness, but is less flexible than is best as hand strengths are relative, not absolute. For example, Many players think AA is just as much better than KK, as KK is better than QQ. It isn't. This graph illustrates that point... I don't think you can make a sound judgement here that is little better than a guess. It seems you certainly don't have enough info on the opponent, aside from him limping in Preflop (often a sign of passivity), thus his turn shove can be conceived as tighter than usual if that's true. Also his ~10xbb Preflop open will usually be oversized from experience. It could be the table norm however and may be due to stack depths around the table. Thats for you to judge of course. Specific to the example, player A can only call the All-In for $7, although his total amount staked is $10, equaling that of player B. Opposing players still to act can only call the difference between their current staked amount and what opponents have bet, assuming they are closing the action. Otherwise, they can bet/raise up to their total stack assuming another player still to act can match it. You mention "before betting" and "after betting" and i'm not certain of what you mean, but it seems irrelevant as the game is sequential. Further action only exists after any action state. The term short stack is only a description and has no real use in game mechanics. Considering whether players cold-call, 3bet, squeeze, float post-flop cbets, etc. against you should make you consider tightening or loosening your opening standards. The simplest example would be opponents who are IP on you. Opening is less attractive with aggressive opponents yet to act. Conversely, if you have weak, tight and passive opponents who fold too much and/or allow you free passage to hit your strong equity hands at favourable odds, then opening small PP's becomes a better prospect. Specifically, opening a small pocket pair from any position should be considered with regard to just a few important things: A bare overpair isn't a hand I'd consider building a 400bb pot with, OOP, versus a LAGgy villain. I don't believe you can call profitably here. I fold. Your strategy on the flop should therefore be: call when the pot-odds are lower than 35% (you have to pay less than 35% of the pot to call). Suppose you raised pre-flop with the AK and have one caller, so you go heads-up to the flop. On the flop comes QKA which are all spades. This is clearly a very draw-heavy board, and your two pair AK will not be good all the time. Note that both values are one percentage point larger than the actual odds. Call this optimistic evaluation. Suppose the opponent is a tight/passive player. In this situation he probably already made a straight of flush and folding is the best option. He will not be semi-bluffing in this situation very often and certainly will not try this with just an ace. The only possible hand which he could have an you can beat would be AQ, which he will not have the majority of the time. Best five cards is always best five cards for the player holding the hand! However, this calculation is quit cumbersome in practice. Therefore, here is a quick rule of thumb to approximate your hitting chance: