As far as I know, there are no such sites which compares ALL rake, since rake differs from Sit 'n' to to cashgame etc etc. One thing is that on different sites you have different skill levels of poker players which attracts or disattracts someone. If you go for bwin or something, a page where you can bet your money on running horses or whatever...poker is just a sidepart and these people aren't good in general. Here are the newbies feeling well, because they don't end up losing after some games. What I want to say about that is, that people don't always compare each sites. Pokerstars is well known for it's name and having skilled players. I guess it's always about promotion. Lowering your rake will not automtically make your site "better" or more attractive for everyone. But i guess your idea is fine and you can promote this. So you say "Lower Rake than every other site you know", that will attract people I guess. 

if the entry fee for the SNG / tournament is LOW meaning some dollars , the gambling increases, because many people don't care enough. For example 1 $ sit 'n' go. You can join the table, go afk and take a bath. That really works, so for low money tournaments starting late can be good. The bigger the prize the earlier you should go in, maybe you miss some good hands? 

2) The poker sites don't need to set hands up. There is plenty of action as it is, and the consequences of getting caught are enormous. There are people who do nothing but collect hand histories, and after getting a hundred million hands or so, you can see patterns and determine whether or not the hands are being tampered with. If they are and people see it, your entire business goes poof and nobody is making money anymore. Why would they risk that when they can just keep on making money (hand over fist) the legit way? 

To understand how to calculate these types of questions yourself, here is how you would do it: 

Since this hand could be dealt two ways (A♥ and 5♠ or 5♠ and A♥) and be the "same hand" for the purposes of poker, you would need to be dealt either of those two cards on the first hole card that you receive and the other card on the second hole card that you receive. To calculate the likelihood of being dealt a specific hand once (and in this case, the "specific hand" would be "the same hand that I was dealt last time), the math looks like this: 

1) If you play as many hands of live poker as online poker, you will see the same thing. While it is amazingly hard to believe hands sometimes, sooner or later every hand combination imaginable (and some that aren't) will happen on their own. This is just part of a random system like poker. Keep in mind that the most extraordinary hands are the ones that we remember too. When AK beats KJ on a KQ942 board, we really don't think too much about it, but when 99 beats KK and AA on a AK992 board, we remember it and tell everybody! 

In the ~180 hands played, what has Villain seen of us? That's enough time for a reg at these stakes online to have his own reads/stats on us, and for him to react to it. Knowing what he has seen of us in order to factor in how he might adjust his play specifically against us seems worth consideration. Also, do we have any stats on his 3bet %, his fold to 3bet %, or his street-by-street AF? There would be a lot of error in those stats with such a small sample, but they could come in handy. Ignoring those factors and going with what we know, I actually like the preflop 3-bet based on the read that Villain is straight-forward when out of position. By 3-betting, we build a larger pot in which we will be playing with a significant advantage. Given the straight-forward play, Villain will give up on a number of hands preflop, and define many of his bigger hands for us. 

That could argue equally for a bet or a check, as we have a fair bit of equity against the majority of his range and only fold out a fairly small portion of it. Still, I'm inclined to bet the flop. I would rather fold out the few broadway cards and relatively few pairs that he will decide to drop.