* To give an example, had the 2008 election gone differently, could we have had a President Obama and Vice President Palin? 

The number of Electoral College votes changes every census. Article II, Section 1, clause 2 declares that it is tied to the number of Sentators and Representatives for each state: 

In the 90s, there was a PSA where Spider-Man tells people to register to vote (at their local video store, strangely enough): 

Does Spider-Man meet the requirements to register? According to the New York Board of Elections site, here is the criteria to register to vote: 

Note that when Spider-Man debuted in 1962, the minimum voting age was 21. The Twenty-sixth Amendment was ratified in 1971 reducing the age to 18. 

According to Ars Technica's article appropriately titled "Why the US and Japan didn’t shoot down latest North Korean missile" (emphasis mine): 

How does the work assigned to these cabinet positions get done while appointments are awaiting Senate confirmation? 

It also goes on to say that the Aegis system would have a very difficult time intercepting a ballistic missile over Japan to a target such as Guam. 

Today is Election Day in the United States, and since it is an odd-numbered year, there are no national or state positions up for vote. However, my area includes elections for county-level positions, such as school board members, county treasurers, and county judges. 

There are dozens of articles comparing Donald Trump and Theodore Roosevelt, and not one of them has mentioned Trump's general opinion of the 26th President. As the question you pointed to suggested, he seems to have indicated that that was a period when America was great, but has not elaborated further on the president himself. I figured if he had said anything, that would be a quote in several of these articles, but its absence suggests he has never publicly said anything. 

In the United States, the general population votes for a president with secret ballots. However, the electoral college votes aren't secret and because of that, we know which person is a "faithless elector". For instance, we know that Barbara Lett-Simmons was a faithless elector in the 2000 presidential race. 

Also, the Vice President always has the option to voluntarily resign. This has happened twice: Spiro Agnew as described above, and John C. Calhoun in 1832. Calhoun was Vice President under John Quincy Adams and later Andrew Jackson in his first term. Jackson and Calhoun disagreed sharply on a number of matters, but as shown above, Jackson wouldn't have had the option to fire him if he wanted to. Instead, Jackson chose Martin Van Buren as his running mate for his second term (and the two were successfully elected). Calhoun resigned a few months before his term as Vice President was up to become a Senator for South Carolina. 

Be 18 years old by December 31 of the year in which you register Spider-Man hasn't always been over 18 (he was in his mid teens in his early appearances), but we'll assume that he is currently eligible. Like with his citizenship, no documentation is necessary to register. 

However, I realized that I know absolutely nothing about any of these candidates and do not feel that I can vote for the ones that will best match my views on things that will affect my community (e.g. park funding, school administration, etc.). I have not received anything in the mail, and I am not aware of any websites that list the candidates and their viewpoints. 

The delegation received a cool reception in Washington. Eastern politicians, fearing the admission of two more Western states, put pressure on the U.S. President, Theodore Roosevelt. He ruled that the Indian and Oklahoma Territories would be granted statehood only as a combined state. 

Technically, that means that a Vice President undergoing impeachment would preside over their own trial. This might have happened with Spiro Agnew, Nixon's first Vice President, who was charged with extortion, tax fraud, bribery, and conspiracy. But rather than undergoing impeachment, he resigned in August 1973 (this was about a year before Nixon himself was involved with the Watergate scandal).