After that, it's fine to take her out into the public provided that the baby is healthy. 

The cons: - It's expensive. - Dentists take too many xrays of the mouth, increasing the risk of head and neck cancers significantly. The earlier the xrays, the greater the chance of developing a cancer over one's lifetime. Please read the information in the links below, and remember, information you get on the internet isn't a substitute for your doctor's recommendations. Make sure your baby is safe to fly by checking with her doctor. Newborn Skin: Part I. Common Rashes Neonatal deramtology: benign lesions 

The worst cases of this that I've seen are where the mothers were very physically active before giving birth, e.g. were daily runners, or worked out at the gym a lot. These babies needed a lot of jostling to feel "normal", I guess, because they would cry unless really being moved around a lot! 

Children and Airplanes: Are We Having Fun Yet? Mayo Clinic Ask Dr. Sears: Traveling With a Newborn 

Remember that just 3 weeks ago, the baby was moving with you whenever you moved around, He is not used to lying still without movement. :) I'd be more concerned about bacteria growing in what little urine is left in the ear canal than any harm from rinsing it out. Effects of experience on fetal voice recognition. The AAFP (American Academy of Family Physicians) also changed their policy in 2016 to recommend the first dental visit by 12 months. For the first few weeks of a newborn's life, usually the baby's doctor prefers that she be kept in relative isolation (friends and family). Flying is a particular risk because of crowding and recirculated air. I think @MAA's answer is good and wise. It is good advice to follow. You can also add a heartbeat simulator (the baby heard this in utero), or a white noise maker at a very low setting. There are certain kinds of "rockers" (they aren't really rockers so much as just moving the baby in a repetitive pattern, like the pricy Momaroo) that soothe a baby, though you are not supposed to let them sleep in them. 

I have not looked for the UK recommendation, but I suspect it's similar. If you can find a pool heated for your purpose, I can't think of a good reason to wait, with two caveats: you will find the water too warm to be comfortable, and the baby risks ear infections. Probably the best option right now is a clean bathtub. 

You might look at this question and its answers as well as this one to get more information on why speaking to infants matters. In the meantime, reading the Dr. Sears page and the references (with pictures) might help. 

You might not get everything done that you want to do - that extra weight on your chest limits you somewhat - but you'd be pleasantly surprised, I think, at how well your baby sleeps while you go about doing your thing. Flying is also problematic for infants and young children because of the pressure changes that occur in the cabin and the decreased relative oxygen concentration in the cabin at usual flying altitudes. Please note this statement put out by the American College of OB-GYN: Urine is sterile leaving the baby's bladder, but doesn't stay that way for long; it is an ideal growth medium for bacteria. Personally, I would rinse it out, just as I would had it hit any other part of his body. Reading was a quiet time activity for us. I read colorful nursery rhymes with animals, and explained the picture on the page mostly just so my baby could hear me talk. Imagine my surprise when his first word (at seven months) was what the cow says: "Moo". Babies may prefer the bottle (supplemental feeding) because it's easier to get the formula. Formula comes instantly on sucking rather than waiting for letdown, etc.