Note: This answer was written before the OP was edited. A more direct answer is marked below, the following is build-up. The Psalms are a great place to go for this. Psalm 143:5 says Also, by technical definition, contemplate does not mean comprehend So don't worry! You don't have to figure it all out. It's quite mysterious and amazing, but, we can learn. After all, we've been given the entire Bible to study. Additionally, the Bible talks numerous times of the mystery of God's nature and plan... How to stop trying to figure it all out This borders on a pastoral concern, naturally, but I think we can take cues from the verses cited above. In my experience a good attitude is to Also, we're going to be in heaven for eternity learning about God. If it takes an eternity to learn about God, don't worry that you don't understand it all right now. Try to remember I can't figure it out. This is hard, because it's a fundamentally different from the narcissistic mindset we naturally have. You have to start knowing that no matter how hard you or anyone else tries, you won't figure it all out. Try to figure out as much as possible anyways. We're supposed to learn about God (how can you worship someone you don't even know?). When you hit a paradox, stop. When you encounter something that the Bible doesn't explain, don't try to reason it out. The Bible leaves it alone for a reason. Don't try to compress the Trinity into the phases of water; the analogy fails miserably. (though it can be a helpful illustration). Paradoxes are there both because God is greater than us and to remind us of that. A few verses down David implores God: He's meditating on God's actions and word, but he's still asking God to teach him. He's marveling, wondering, thinking upon the truths of God's covenant with him and Israel, but he certainly doesn't have it figured out. So become a Greek and Hebrew scholar, a historian, an archaeologist, a theologian, etc. You can view this in different ways. I think the three viewpoints I'm going to tell about all have their merits. The realistic answer (in other words, what I recommend!) All translations have errors. You should read different translations side-by-side (eg. using an online parallel Bible), and be careful with any translation choices that are found in only a few versions. By asking what the Bible says, you know what you get. The optimistic answer Warning: don't apply the following reasoning to sectarian translations, e.g. the New World Translation. Seriously. Or the less cynical variation: realize that sometimes a non-expert will need to do a lot of research. And they might still be wrong. If you ask what God says, you hear what The ultra-cynical answer All translations have errors. Read the original, then. But some of the manuscripts have errors, too. And many things don't make sense to us, in a very different culture than which the texts were written in. All (notable) Bible translations are very carefully created. Every one of them is trustworthy on all of the more important points. Any minor translation errors will be minor enough not to matter too much. God allows us to either reap the benefits of following him or suffer the consequences of turning away form him. He knows beforehand what we will do, but we don't. So, he allows us to fail or succeed for our benefit. Yes, you're absolutely right! Jesus never broke any bones. That's a fulfillment of the prophecy from Old Testament and it's written about in John. God gave us free will. He allows us to follow or turn away from him. God knows what we will do. However, we have the power to control our responses. If God forced our hand, we would not have free will! Those were the regulations for the lamb that was slain for the passover feast. There are many passages that relate Jesus to the passover lamb. This lack of broken bones is one of these connections. (This regulation can also be seen in Numbers 9:12.) James White has broken it down into five primary reasons for sticking with the KJV: The venerable Maximus explained, "We do not directly control whether blessings will be showered upon us or chastisements will befall us, but our good and evil deeds most certainly depend on our will. It is not ours to choose whether we are in health or sickness, but we make determinations likely to lead to one or the other. Similarly, we cannot simply decide that we shall attain the kingdom of heaven or be plunged into the fire of Gehenna, but we can will to keep the commandments or transgress them."