This is generally answerable considering the probability of winning given the coin toss; I haven't seen anyone modelling specifically the chance of taking the opening kick for a TD. That's because that is not the only factor at hand in the overtime consideration; a proper evaluation needs to consider the entirety of the outcomes of overtime in order to evaluate whether it favors the receiving team. 

You score one point for an extra point try that results in a safety (for either team). See this article for example. 

Zero plays in that situation have been successful this year: because defenses know how to prevent them. Some probably have yielded a FG eventually - but it's not common, and it's much more likely to lose the ball. 

I charted the KRs and PRs returned for a touchdown since 1994 (the complete play by play era of PFR). This data is lightly edited to remove inaccuracies due to issues in the PFR system.1 This includes all games, both regular season and playoff, so slightly higher numbers than Ed's which are only regular season as far as I can tell. There are also team incentives where the amount set aside in the pot for each incentive is split evenly among all players on the team. The rules around how team incentive money is calculated into the salary cap is long-winded and written in legalese so I will refer you to the NFL CBA PDF if you wish to read more about it. Do I get some incentive for having back-to-back-to-back 3-letter acronyms in my answer? ;) As of the latest (August 2011) NFL CBA - Incentives have a lot of rules around them. I'm not a lawyer or arbitrator but from what I can tell, Brooks' contract sounds legal (and fairly typical) for a player of his status in the NFL. 

As far as what is spelled out around individual player incentives in the NFL CBA - Section 6(c).v on page 96 of the CBA states, "Any incentive bonus that depends on team performance in any category not identified in Exhibit A hereto is prohibited." while section 6(c).vi at the top of page 97 states, "Any incentive bonus that depends on a player’s individual performance in any category not identified in Exhibit B hereto is prohibited." so the incentives listed in the CBA are what players & teams are limited to as far as incentives go. As you can see, prior to 2010 the KR and PR seemed to be similar in number; sometimes kicks (blue) and sometimes punts (red) are higher in total for that season. However, after 2010 only one season (2012) had a number of kicks returned for touchdowns greater than 10. 

This detail isn't clarified in the rulebook, but it seems a reasonable interpretation that waving other players off is a "waving signal", and in fact may well have been specifically considered by the rules committee given that terminology. As such, it is a reasonable interpretation that this would be considered an "invalid fair catch signal", which means the ball cannot be returned. 

This is generally answerable considering the probability of winning given the coin toss; I haven't seen anyone modelling specifically the chance of taking the opening kick for a TD. That's because that is not the only factor at hand in the overtime consideration; a proper evaluation needs to consider the entirety of the outcomes of overtime in order to evaluate whether it favors the receiving team. I would say that Wide Receiver is the second easiest to guess, in large part because the potential true superstars are due to physical elements (height and weight, and speed). Calvin Johnson and AJ Green are very obvious physical specimens who were clearly stars coming out of college. On the other hand, the star WR from the last draft class was Odell Beckham, who was drafted fifth out of the (very deep) WR class. WRs who aren't physical specimens are hard to separate from their team and the opposing defenses: is a WR who sprints downfield and catches touchdowns just better than mediocre CBs, or has a QB who throws the ball in just the right place? Or is it his personal skill? It's difficult to separate those things, so it's hard to say how good the WR is. QBs throw to several different receivers, so at least that can be teased out some; the WR is likely to only have one QB throwing to him, unless he plays for Ohio State.