The situation is somewhat less obvious with Great Britain, one can argue whether a different strategy on the German side would have prevented it from entering the war. Still, it is doubtful that Great Britain would have watched Germany destroy the balance of power in Europe without intervening, given that Great Britain was always trying to make sure that no single power ever dominated Europe. The conflicts between Great Britain and Germany over colonial territories didn't help of course and Great Britain clearly had its interests here. 

However, after searching through some sources I have to agree with you - I cannot find any post-WWII war that has been formally declared. The last declaration of war I could find was Soviet Union to Japan in 1945. 

Stalin's actions in 1939 and 1940 were indeed targeted at restoring the territory of USSR to the extents of the Russian Empire: invasion of Poland, then Winter War against Finland in which USSR captured Karelia (probably less than originally intended, all of Finland used to be Russian province), finally recapturing of Bessarabia and the Baltic states. All of these territories used to belong to the Russian Empire and were given away in the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk. So getting them back was well-received in the population. 

Answer from state secretary Moersch: 

To sum up: yes, to a large part it was justice of the winner. Germany capitulated so the Allied powers could dictate their conditions. With the world shocked over the atrocity of the war and looking for somebody to blame the Allied powers of course chose to blame everything on Germany. Then again, Germany made it pretty easy to justify this position by giving everybody a good pretense to join the war. 

1) Which west border Poland's did the German government accept in the Treaty of Warsaw, the Oder-Neiße-line as defined by the Potsdam Conference or the additionally changed to German disadvantage Pseudo-Oder-Neiße-line? 

First of all, I don't really see why you think that USSR didn't get Lvov according to the pact. It is true that Germans captured Lvov before going back and letting Russians in (according to a statement by somebody who was in Lvov at that time, I didn't bother looking up online sources on that) but that appeared to be simply a misunderstanding. The German and Russian troops even held a joint parade in Lvov, no sign of disagreements. 

2) The German government didn't overlook it. However, we had to base our decision on two undeniable facts: the decisions of the Postdam Conference and the existing border. Germany cannot change anything on either these decisions or the existing border. 

Edit: There was apparently a document defining this border after all. According to the information published by the German government on 1990-06-22 (stated again here) the base for the German-Polish border would be the The Treaty of Zgorzelec of 1950-07-06. Article 5 of this treaty required the creation of a document describing the exact border line. That document was signed by the government of the German Democratic Republic on 1951-01-27 (Akt über die Ausführung der Markierung der Staatsgrenze zwischen Deutschland und Polen). 

So while the war started over a conflict on the Balkans, the reasons for the most countries to join it were entirely different ones. The main destabilizing factor in Europe was the newly unified German Empire which strived to change the balance - something that the established powers obviously opposed. 

2) When the German government was discussing the Warsaw Treaty, did it overlook that contradictory to the decision of the Potsdam conference a large area around Stettin to the west of Oder was put under Polish administration? 

The Eastern Crisis was certainly one of the factors that led to World War I, however it was not the only one.