So, assuming my child will likely be between the 50th and 75th percentile, he will reach 41 inches (3'5") between 4 (when the 75th percentile line crosses the 41 inch line) and about 4.5 (when the 50th percentile line crosses the 41 inch line). That's relevant only for my son, of course; for your daughter you should look on your own. 

If your daughter's last three measurements were in the 25%-50% range, as her current one looks to be (Assuming 35" was her measurement at 30 months), then it looks like she's likely to hit 41" between 4.5 and 5. However, if she actually measured more consistently between 50th and 75th percentiles (as you don't list any other measurements), she might be more likely to hit between 4 and 4.5. And again, remember these are not predictions, just standards; my youngest was in the 75th-85th percentile for his first year, regressing towards the mean slowly over the second year. This might, however, be enough for your current task (guessing how long a toy will be useful for). 

The following portions of this answer are aimed at helping mom get some social time too(this helps to set a good example, plus even homebody's such as myself need time away from time to time anyway): 

I was a teacher in a two's classroom for a couple of years and I have to say, most of what we taught, we taught through play and exposure in books and art activities. We didn't explicityly "teach" as you would see done in a classroom for older children, nor would I suggest such "teaching." Your child is two and will learn simply by being an playing so don't stress out about anything on any of the lists offered here. 

Then, you might try explaining what he saw. You can talk about sex with a child of any age and explain it is how babies are made, that it is something adults who love each-other very much do, but that you have to be ready for it and no who is four is ready for it. Or, if that is too uncomfortable for now, you can explain it with something along the lines of calling what he saw a "special hug" between two people who really love each-other. It is important to include that this hug is shared in private and that it is for people who love each-other in a way that is different from how a nephew loves his uncle or a mother loves her son. It is a type of hug that can only be given between two people who BOTH agree they want the hug (your brother, of course, doesn't want the hug). You might also put an age on it to indicate that it is a hug for adults so he doesn't start asking preschool mates to join him in a "special hug". 

Setting the rule Explain that other people do differently Your child will observe that others behave differently from her and are allowed to do things she is not. This happens with every kind of restriction others do not have. When she is very young, she might not understand, so you will need to remind her that you are the parent and you make the rules. 

The second conflict will probably be with your family and perhaps broader society, who will not understand. That depends a lot on the people around you and is probably out-of-scope for this question, so I'll just leave it with the general warning. 

My kid for examples knows how owls work and hunt, and she considers it interesting and likes picking the bones out of their pellets and it doesn't distress her that those were actual creatures because she didn't have any relationship with them. But she gets scared when I read from the book of rabbits and they mention the fox, because she does have a relationship with the rabbits in the story and she doesn't want those to be eaten.