He assumes that justification is possible, necessary and desirable. He then argues that other accounts of justification don't work and that the best objections against infinitism don't work. The objections he addresses are (1) You can't do an infinite number of steps. Klein claims that what matters is that there is no proposition that couldn't be justified, even if it isn't actually justified. (2) If there is such an infinite stack of propositions then at some point they will be so complex that no finite mind can grasp them. Klein claims that the propositions need not increase in complexity in this way. In reality, Klein's position is not tenable and this is not primarily because you can't make an infinite number of justifications, but, rather, because even the first justification doesn't work. We don't create knowledge (useful or explanatory information) by showing stuff is true or probably true for reasons so how do we create knowledge? We can only create knowledge by finding mistakes in our current ideas and correcting them piecemeal. You notice a problem with your current ideas, propose solutions, criticise the solutions until only one is left and then find a new problem. We shouldn't say that a theory is false because it hasn't been proven because this applies to all theories. Rather, we should look at what problems it aims to solve and ask whether it solves them. We should look at whether it is compatible with other current knowledge and if not try to figure out the best solution. Should the new idea be discarded or the old idea or can some variant of both solve the problem? Has anyone held such a radical form of empiricism? That there is no such thing as an idea or a proposition, just facts? Has anyone examined the relationship between qualia and the fact/value dichotomy? The thing about how such algorithms work: there is a sharp boundary between the two classes, it's just that it's too complicated to represent with a simple function or set of if-then rules. It can only be represented in a high dimension feature space which can't be visualized in 2D or 3D, but a sharp decision boundary still exists, otherwise the algorithms wouldn't work. Another way of looking at it is through Quine's questioning of the analytic/synthetic distinction in his paper "Two Dogmas of Empiricism". If everything is synthetic, than doesn't that mean that there are no ideas and proportions just facts? A mind-body physicalist would say that even logical propositions are just configurations of neural patterns, and therefor just facts? I usually scoff at mentions of QM in philosophy discussions. Most of the time they are a sign that the discussion is going to head into Deepak Chopra territory very soon. Now consider a typical pattern recognition/machine learning problem: We have a set of photos some of which are of trees and some which are not. We want to classify them into two groups "photos of trees" and "photos of other things". No single criterion ("trunk/no trunk", "leaves/no leaves" , "green/not green") exists for deciding whether the photo is that of a tree or not, but a suitable patter recognition algorithm such as a neural network or support vector machine will easily be able to separate the two classes of photos. We could reverse engineer your problem: How did language evolve? Before there was writing, language was a series of sounds. High order animals that clearly display some level of thinking also tend to communicate with sounds (Dogs, apes, dolphins and whales, etc...). Chances are their thought processes involves a bunch of sounds in their head as well. Not as precise as humans, but still precise enough that scientists now consider Orcas to have distinct cultures. Well they couldn't, that's why Carnap and the Logical Positivists' program is considered to have failed (*). It is unique among philosophical school in that it declared dead by its own people after it faced several challenges including the one you allude to which is that the verification principle is itself a statement that cannot be verified empirically. See here and here for details, and this video of here's A.J. Ayer, leading British L.P, admitting it all turned out to be false - starting just before 34:00 However it seemed to me that there was an inherent contradiction in statements of the type "Science doesn't have all the answers" or "Science can't answer all questions". This is hinged on what is meant by "answering a question". It seems to me that to answer any significant question is to provide 2 things: I was thinking that even Hume, or the Logical Positivists, despite being the standard bearers of empiricism, still hold on to a lingering rationalism, since they believe the independent existence of relations of ideas and rules of logic. There are some caveats: When I spoke to the researchers working on this in 2009, it was still a work in progress - no actual cures or solutions had been discovered using this method yet. A true empiricist would have to go all the way, and deny that relations of ideas and rules of logic have any independent existence, and are ultimately forms of sense data as well. Presumably the mind has a way of sensing its own thoughts, just like it can sense sight and sound. This was a question that was brought most famously by T. Kuhn in his book "The Structure of Scientific Revolutions". Based on the previously mentioned problem of underdetermination, Kuhn argued that theories are never fully proven or disproven by experiments. Instead various sociological considerations go into which science theories are accepted and which are not. For example, the switch from classical mechanics to quantum mechanics and relativistic mechanics in the first half of the 20th century was due to new experimental results, but also to the fact that a younger generation of physicists and college professors was willing to accept the new theories, whereas the older generation was committed to the previous theories for various reasons. Some schools have gone further and claimed that all of science is socially constructed (i.e. that is, science is similar to religion or to political ideologies) - see the Strong Programme. This is my position, which could conceivably be wrong. I am not aware of any unanswered criticisms of it. He assumes that justification is possible, necessary and desirable. He then argues that other accounts of justification don't work and that the best objections against infinitism don't work. The objections he addresses are (1) You can't do an infinite number of steps. Klein claims that what matters is that there is no proposition that couldn't be justified, even if it isn't actually justified. (2) If there is such an infinite stack of propositions then at some point they will be so complex that no finite mind can grasp them. Klein claims that the propositions need not increase in complexity in this way. See See "Realism and the Aim of Science" by Karl Popper, especially chapter I and "The Retreat to Commitment" by W. W. Bartley III. There is no infinite regress because justification is impossible, unnecessary and undesirable. If you assess ideas using argument then the arguments have premises and rules of inference and the result of the argument may not be true (or probably true) if the premises and rules of inference are false. You might try to solve this by coming up with a new argument that proves the premises and rules of inference but then you have the same problem with those premises and rules of inference. You might say that some stuff is indubitably true (or probably true), and you can use that as a foundation. But that just means you have cut off a possible avenue of intellectual progress since the foundation can't be explained in terms of anything deeper. And in any case there is nothing that can fill that role. Sense experience won't work since you can misinterpret information from your sense organs, e.g. - optical illusions. Sense organs also fail to record lots of stuff that does exist, e.g. - neutrinos. Scientific instruments aren't infallible either since you can make mistakes in setting them up, in interpreting information from them and so on.