If you suppose that 'logic' is a human concern about the structure of the world, and that reality simply 'is', then worrying about the potential illogicality of numbers which are so large that they cannot be represented in reality is to worry about a counterfactual, and so not of any importance except how much we are entertained by the question. Ordinals describe a notion of sequence: not just size, but order. They describe a very specific kind of ordering, known as a well-order: the defining property of which is that for any collection of items, they can be put into a strict ordering, with one of them being the first. — Note that this property does not hold for all orderable sets: for example, there is no smallest real number in the interval (0,1], or among the negative integers {..., -3, -2, -1}; but well-orders are a very natural way to think of ordering discrete sets for many applications and tends to appeal to people's notion of ordering of events, with causes and effects. both mean essentially there is a time and a place for eating cheese; the difference amounts to whether the disjunction first iterates through possible places and then (for each place) considers possible times to find if there is an appropriate time at that place; or whether instead the disjunction first iterates through possible times and then, for each time, considers possible places to find out if there is an appropriate place at that time. About the first several-infinite ordinals To illustrate what the purpose of the ordinals are in the study of the infinite, first I have to introduce you to a few-infinite number of them. We can do something similar for universal quantification. For instance, if we want to talk about things which are true for all Scots, we can do this by making a statement which is true of any object x, if x is a Scot. For instance, They are two different approaches towards understanding the notion of the infinite. (They can be used for finite quantities as well, but they coincide in that case, so it's a bit boring.) There are other approaches as well, but they tend to be derivative concepts of at least one of cardinality or ordinality. Indeed, the crux of the paradox here is that the triad of OB¬p, OB¬q, and ¬p⇒q form a moral dilemma. If ¬p, we obtain (q & OB¬q), which, while not a contradiction, is an expression of a violation of one's social obligations. The alternative in this case is to choose ¬q, in which case we may derive (p & OB¬p); which is also a violation of obligations. This is the same as the transgression (p & OB¬p) in the Gentle Murder paradox. If we suppose that one is a 'Scot' if and only if one was either born in Scotland, or is a British citizen living in Scotland for at least 90% of their life, then there are only finitely many Scots; so we could also imagine producing a list of all Scots ("Angus", "Maeve", "Bruce", "Caroline", ...), in which case it's equivalent to What works consider such rules of inference? A possible starting point for such a search would be relevance logic, which at least is non-explosive and non-weaking: implications must actually allow one to derive the conclusion from the premise by reasoning with non-logical constants. It appears that paraconsistent logic (which is related to intuitionistic logic by a duality relation) may also provide an avenue for research, albeit one in which the notion of "falsehood" is quite profoundly problematised. But in any case, even while considering logical systems which are neither "weakening" or "explosive" in the sense above, you must somehow overcome two obstacles: * Obviously, this is a circular reference, but as something realizable by a formal system it is impeccable — it is left for us to struggle with providing semantics for logical systems in which such things are possible. If one is really concerned about it one can serialize the logical system to preclude circular references, but this is not what this exercise is about.       ω2 := 0 ∪ ω ∪ 2ω ∪ 3ω ∪ 4ω ∪ ... Does P ⊃ Q mean that there's a cause-and-effect relationship? Something that trips up a lot of people is thinking about logical conditional statements as though they were cause-and-effect relationships. While cause-and-effect is one kind of conditional statement, it is not the only kind; so you should be careful not to assume that a logical "if-then" statement is saying anything about cause and effect. What all of these ordinals are doing is capturing notions of ordering. Each new ordinal that we define extends the ones which came before. means that for every activity, there is a time and a place when it is appropriate; often said aloud as "there is a time and a place for everything". This is not, however, the same as This tends to be so useful a way of describing things that we define a notation for it, perhaps along the following lines: in a similar way to how the limit ordinals ω, 2ω, and so forth are defined. (We would normally also include 1, 2, 3, ω+1, ω+2, 2ω+1, and so forth in the union; but I'm trying to just sketch the construction.) This would allow us ultimately to define ordinals such as ω2+3ω+7 by repeating the same process as before for the ordinals 2ω, 3ω, etc..