Now, in reality, the most successful economies are embedded in international trade and export and import many things but they also mostly produce for themselves. How this works out is a complex question in itself but there is no need for the US to produce your car for it to be rich and produce many things. The government does have plans to cut some taxes but most of the money is simply going nowhere, in the current conditions austerity is destructive. Because it keeps the economy operating under its potential, it makes everyone poorer. It's not always true but at the moment the government could very easily borrow more, spend more, make everyone richer and yet have a sustainable budget. Because it has served Japan well and now is not the moment to reduce debt macro-economically speaking. You often hear that a large debt ought to be a major problem and reducing it should be the number one priority but Japan is in fact a great counter-example. A single currency would therefore appear like the logical next step, a huge symbol of integration and cooperation. It's possible to find some very weak economical arguments for it (enforcing fiscal discipline, preventing currency fluctuations, etc.) but I don't think they were decisive in the process leading to the creation of the euro. You might never set foot in a US fast-food and think that massages in Thailand are better but it's still a fact that none of the richest, most productive economies in the world are export powerhouses centered on manufactured goods or heavy industry (although one of the biggest, China, is, see below for more). Incidentally, full-time domestic servants, the most exclusive type of service you can imagine is common in poorly performing, highly unequal countries but virtually inexistent in mature economies. These services come in several guises. Some of them (legal or financial services, business consulting, etc.) are actually high-value services that the US exports. You dismissed Hollywood and software but those are not negligible either. Even if you are not personally seeing any of it, all this is part of what the country produces. More cogently, all major German car makers actually have plants in the US, producing for the US market. Much of the value is arguably provided by R&D workers and most of the profits are presumably captured by management and shareholders back in Germany but in terms of production, it's also happening in the US. So “German” cars is one thing the US produces. But if the government reduces spending, it will have a big effect on its revenue as well so, depending on the conditions (specifically whether the economy is operating at its full potential or suffering from a shortfall of demand and whether the central bank can compensate the effect of budget policy through monetary policy, neither of which have been true recently in the UK), it's entirely possible that it would gain very little. That's basically what happened, with some nuances. After WW2, several countries led a push to increase and facilitate trade globally through the GATT. The idea was that it is easier to reach ambitious agreements through multilateral trade negotiations dealing with many issues at once than through piecemeal bilateral agreements. In continental Europe, safety was a primary concern as Martin Schröder explained. For Germany, having gold on another continent is a way to make sure it could not easily fall in the hands of the Soviet Union.