God, being omniscient, knows all human languages. This means that he has no trouble communicating with the Hebrews in Hebrew, or with you and me in whatever our native tongues may be. So why make it more difficult than it has to be, especially given people's tendency to get his commandments all wrong even when they're spelled out in perfect plainness? 

Second, God's forgiveness isn't some instant and painless thing. It requires repentance. There are two different terms in the Bible translated as "repent," which is kind of unfortunate because they're very different words. In the Old Testament, the original word refers to sorrow, and is often applied to God himself, who of course has no sins to repent of. But the New Testament word, used in the context of the Gospel, refers to change: A change of heart, a change of one's ways, and when possible finding some way to make up for the damage that was done. 

This is why murder, harm to innocent children and certain sexual sins are considered particularly grievous: once done, they cannot be undone! If I steal from my neighbor, I can give back what I stole, but if I kill him, that's final, and so very difficult to repent of and find forgiveness for. 

Ephesians 1:4 (NIV) For he chose us in him before the creation of the world to be holy and blameless in his sight. In love 

God also reveals His truth according to His timeline. 

Isaiah 45:9 (NIV) “Woe to those who quarrel with their Maker, those who are nothing but potsherds among the potsherds on the ground. Does the clay say to the potter, ‘What are you making?’ Does your work say, ‘The potter has no hands’? 

The Old Testament never reveals the Truth of Salvation for the soul in a crystal clear manner. The New Testament reveals that the way to Salvation is through Jesus Christ. The New Testament promised that Jesus Christ will come back again but never tells us when it will happen. Even though The Book of Revelation is about the end times, all are in symbolic form. We will understand them fully only when it actually happens. God's will also changes as time passes. 

2. Metaphorical comparison of God and men: This verse may be read as follows - 

I like the Pulpit Commentary on this. It says that God called Adam because God wanted to bring him to confession.