Original text was 蓝色风暴共和国： - literally translated as "Blue storm Republic". I'm going to add another answer specifically to address a separate part of your question: why didn't the same thing happen in Islamic world? I don't see any point to distinguishing between money-lenders who lent to gentiles vs. those who lent to other Jews, but if you wish to put that level of finesse into an answer, power to you :) This is most likely a bad translation from Chinese (or more specifically, bad translation from English to Chinese, then literally translated back into English). Wikipedia's Shylock page says this on the historical background section: European Administrative School The stereotypical image of a Jew in Middle Ages (and the portrayal of them) was of course "the money-lender". From Ivanhoe's Isaac of York, to Shakespeare's Shylock, to "Проклятый жид, почтенный Соломон" from Pushkin's The Miserly Knight, we see the archetype. What percentage of Jewish population were money-lenders, vs holding some other profession? The Incoherence also marked a turning point in Islamic philosophy in its vehement rejections of Aristotle and Plato. The book took aim at the falasifa, a loosely defined group of Islamic philosophers from the 8th through the 11th centuries (most notable among them Avicenna and Al-Farabi) who drew intellectually upon the Ancient Greeks. Ghazali bitterly denounced Aristotle, Socrates and other Greek writers as non-believers and labeled those who employed their methods and ideas as corrupters of the Islamic faith. played a very major role in integrating Sufism (Mythical spirituality) with Shariah. The agencies in the Wiki article NOT listed in the Chinese page are: saw it fit to discard their teachings on the basis of their "unbelief" It's hard to tell which of these became mis-translated as 蓝色风暴共和国, but I'm going to venture a guess that it's Europol (European Police Office). The answer is plausibly Al-Ghazali. The only Blue Storm associated with EU is an IBM super-computer bought in 2001 for The European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF). - Williamson, Williamson, James Alexander. The Cabot Voyages and Bristol Discovery Under Henry VII. Cambridge University Press, 1962, 212-214. "[An explanation was] commanders' power to define serious offenses." Officers were more likely to interpret black contacts with the female population hostilely, while forgiving white soldiers for their "youthful indiscretions" ... White soldiers were more likely to avoid rape charges even when they were guilty of the crime. [15] 〈宋代婚姻禮俗考述〉方建新《文史》第24輯158頁, 1985 April - Zuchora-Walske, Christine, Poland, North Mankato: ABDO Publishing, 2013. In addition to war time rapes, there were also quite a large number of rapes during the occupation. The situation was relatively better for Japan (after an initial frenzy): the Japanese government organised "comfort women" to pleasure American soldiers on a large scale. Building and maintaining a castle is not cheap. The expense could be justified because you would gather (ideally) everything of value (treasures, food, your lives) inside one in the event of war. That, however, leaves little of any value in the countryside, apart from the land itself. Since even the best raiders in the world can't possibly take your lands with them, it simply doesn't make a whole lot of economic sense to protect them with expensive castle-like fortifications. [8] Siegmund, Stefanie Beth. The Medici state and the Ghetto of Florence: the construction of an early modern Jewish community. Stanford University Press, 2006. Unlike the Columbian Exchange, Japan was close enough to the continent to be linked into the Old World's trading grid. So, while Japan does have several common originally-Eurasian crops, those were generally introduced from China before contact with Europeans. Examples of these include carrots, watermelons, cucumbers, and others. Her oceanic trading partners would be to the north (Britain, Norway, Germany, Baltic States, Russia) or to the south (Italy, North Africa, Balkans, Ottoman Empire). Being a continental nation inland trading along rivers was more important. Of the 10 most populous cities in France, 5 are on inland rivers (Lille, Paris, Lyon, Toulouse, and Strasbourg), 3 are on the south coast (Nice, Montpellier, Marseille), and 2 are on the Atlantic (Bordeaux, Nantes). Russia and France, not prepared for war, did not make a strong stand for Serbia. Their opportunity to prevent war with a firm stance was squandered. Serbia refused the deal anyway. Germany, sensing weakness in Serbia's protectors, urged Austria-Hungary to attack immediately and swiftly. Invade and crush Serbia before Russia can mobilize, deliver them a fait accompli. So on July 28th, 1914 Austria-Hungary declared war on Serbia, bombarded Belgrade from the sea, and then informed the aghast Germans they would not be ready to invade for two more weeks. And Russia was already mobilizing. But even with all that, France just isn't very Atlantic-centric and that's where it's history comes in. When cities in France were being founded there was nobody to trade with across the Atlantic. Gaul (what the Romans called the area) was conquered by the Romans in 51 BC and by the time Europeans started trading with America France had already established her cities for a thousand years.