As to the VP layer above, although, in English, there are at least three homonymous verbs strike (same for impress), when strike/impress occur in constructions like your 3a and 4a they are similar in argument structure to intransitive ‘raising’ verbs like seem, appear (cf. Her ideas seemed to me farfetched, His candour seemed to me excessive). Of course, they differ from seem etc. in that they must select precisely as-headed PredPs, instead of the APs, DPs, PPs or infinitival clauses that seem etc. select and in that if seem takes an Experiencer it must be a PP (e.g., to me, above) instead of an object DP, but note that both ‘raising’ seem and strike, impress, etc. allow ‘dummy’ it subjects when they are followed by an associated finite CP complement (a that-clause, as in e.g. It seemed (to me) that she could have done it, It struck me that she could have done it). Non-raising verbs, on the contrary, strictly disallow ‘dummy’ it subjects, as expected. Within a Chomskian P&P framework, your puzzle can be explained as follows: As far as I know, in any P&PT/Minimalist work subsequent to Cinque's (1999) important hypothesis about the structure of adverbials, there is much more structure involved than you show in your diagramme. Epistemic adverbials like certainly, probably and possibly, in particular, would have to be attached to the projection in that (surface) order (i.e., certainly with scope over probably and probably with scope over possibly) in appropriate specifiers of 'adverbial' functional heads intervening between the subject and the tensed auxiliary or between further (visible or invisible) 'modal' heads. Whether they can all be piled up within a single clause or not depends on their meaning and on the number of auxiliaries (say 'subclauses') the clause contains. However, none of those intervening adverbs can possibly interfere with processes like the subject's ascension to Spec TP (or the Spec of whatever head the subject is attracted to) or with the finite verb's own raising into the corresponding head. Intervening adverbs are simply invisible to such processes, because they are triggered - subject to 'minimality' or, nowadays, 'economy' ('shortest movement') - by specific features of DPs and verbs that adverbs just lack. Of course, if your question literally means 'Is there any adverb that can cause the clause to be ungrammatical if inserted in the split-Infl area?', the answer is YES: there are many adverbs that will produce ungrammatical results if inserted in that higher segment of the projection. If you try to insert any of the 'low' adverbs of Cinque's hierarchy (e.g., a pure 'manner' adverb) in that 'high' area, it will get the wrong 'scope' and the sentence will be ungrammatical. Since the Pred head as, however, has no Tense + Agreement feature complex and cannot 'check/license' either the agreement features or the nominative Case of its subject, it follows that the Case features that the DPs his candour and her ideas must contain (in virtue of the 'Case Filter') must be 'licensed' ('checked', 'assigned', etc.) by some external head (either a verb, in examples like They see/consider [me as a member of the family], or by a finite Tense head at the top of the sentence, as in your examples 3a and 4a. In the latter case, of course, those DPs must 'raise' stepwise (possibly across another argument, like the direct object me, in your examples 3a and 4a) from Spec A and Spec Pred into Spec V and eventually land in Spec T to get ('check', 'license') their nominative Case and validate their agreement features.