(French) Marie, Jean l'a frappée. (Marie, Jean her have hit). Identical thematic relationships between items are represented by identical structural relationships between those items at the level of D-structure. To sum up, the majority of works in minimalist syntax believe that "John hit Mary" is semantically distinguished from "Mary hit John" because Mary was first merged in the deeper structural position corresponding to patient in the first sentence whereas John was first merged there in the second one. Importantly, these works believe that "Mary" and "John" are first merged in the same loci in all of the following sentences, that "Mary"'s locus is deeper than that of "John" and that this explains why "Mary" is always interpreted as patient. The works in minimalist syntax that I'm familiar with are unanimous that this step occurs very early in the construction of the narrow syntactic object object. A majority of them believe that patients are introduced below agents (so are first merged deeper in the structure than agents) but Bowers (2010), for instance, disagrees. Unless forced to by strong empirical evidence, assume that the narrow syntax of every human language is the same. I have troubles parsing the question unambiguously. My answer assumes the question means "Why are symmetrical c-commanding nodes not barriers to government whereas asymmetrically c-commanding nodes are (potentially) barriers to government?" but I encourage you to rewrite the question with more details in case I misunderstood. I have never heard of another language tolerating constructions like (2) and (3). Regarding the last question,it seems to me that our knowledge of syntactic phenomena is still thin enough so that there is no meaningful distinction between accurate description and theoretical modeling of the cognitive process involved. That said, it is clearly the case that certain strand of phrase structure grammar (minimalism for instance) are prone to posit and work with linguistic concepts which have no immediately accessible linguistic incarnation (for instance unpronounced abstract nodes in trees or abstract Case) whereas other strands dismiss the process as unscientific (angels on pinheads in the words of frequent contributor @jlawler). Under this assumption, the historically accurate answer was that this was a pure stipulation based on the fact that such an ad hoc fix gets the case assignment and binding properties right. The main problem with allowing symmetrical c-commanding nodes as barriers is the inherent ambiguity this involves: since binary trees have no ordering (so that their common drawing is deceptive), it would be impossible to define which node is a barrier for the other in the generic situation were symmetric c-commanding nodes to be allowed. I should add, of course, that the UTAH is just the null-hypothesis. Of course, many syntactic phenomena (ergativity, experiencer verbs...) do not fit well with it and are the objects of many interesting debates (see these notes of Idan Landau for a first introduction to some of these debates). The question in the title seems rather different from the two questions in the body of the text, and these two in turn are not synonymous either (the original purpose of a tool may be quite different from what a tool is mainly use for). or even non-verbal antecedent as in: English commonly resorts to post-auxiliary ellipsis as in (2) This problem was to have been looked into, but obviously nobody did. In plain language, this means that these people believe that thematic roles are encoded in the syntax. In a contemporary formulation, the UTAH is usually taken to mean that there exists a step in the building of narrow syntactic objects (so before spell-out) where arguments are introduced in a certain way which is characterized by structural relations only (order and position of first Merge) and which is uniform across language. The element first merged in the structural position of agent, for instance, will always be interpreted as the agent after spell-out, independently of wherever it might have landed at the end of the derivation because of movement/re-merge/etc. (3) Mubarak’s survival is impossible to predict and, even if he does [survive], his plan to make his son his heir apparent is now in serious jeopardy. This is already pretty rare among the world languages. But, as far as I know, English is unique in the variety of constructions where ellipsis is tolerated. For instance, it tolerates voice mismatch as in However, such stipulations should always be regarded with great skepticism and accordingly a good deal of works in that branch of syntax in the last 30 years has been devoted to eliminate them (the impetus behind the so-called minimalist program). Within the framework of minimalist syntax, the answer to your question follows from the data structure of the syntactic objects constructed by Merge, as I encourage you to work out for yourself (or ask about). Applied to the particular problem you raise, this takes the form of the Uniform Theta-role Assignment Hypothesis (UTAH) which was first formulated in Mark Baker's 1985 thesis in the following way (in the language of X-bar theory). (1) They arrived late, as I thought they would. is clearly taken to be no. Consequently, you are right that the problem of distinguishing "John hit Mary" from "Mary hit John" exists. The null hypothesis in this school of syntax could be formulated as follows. At any rate, my answer to the question in the title is that they are legitimate theories (because an illegitimate theory is a quite rare beast, it seems to me). The original purpose of any given scientific concept is always hard to ascertain, though in that case one can confidently say that phrase structure rules were not originally introduced to describe cognitive structure, for the simple reason that their popularization in linguistics occurred before the idea that there might exists cognitive structure involved in language became largely accepted (and in fact, the development of phrase structure triggered the cognitive reevaluation, not the other way round). As far as I know, the idea that phrase structure grammars could be an accurate model of cognitive capability appeared for the first time in Robert Lees' review of Syntactic Structures in 1957, whereas dependency relations were explicitly introduced at the latest in the XIXth century and represent a linguistic tradition coming back much further in time (see Thomas Gross comment).