The Normans were described by others (in modern terms) as hungry, ambitious people. Warsaw was also something of a rail hub, as far as was the case in Eastern Europe in those days. The easiest way to get to a port such as Gdansk, on the Baltic, was by rail from Warsaw. A few other cities in eastern Europe (Kiev, Minsk, etc.) were also connected to Warsaw by rail. Otherwise, people took more "primitive" forms of transportation (e.g. wagons) to Warsaw, and from there, to Gdansk. I would say that the fundamental cause of World War I was the "Serbian" crisis, of which the Bosnian crisis and the assassination of the Archduke were merely "manifestations." The scouting movement coincided with the childhoods of what later became the World War II generation. At that time, America wasn't thinking of fighting a major war three decades in the future; in 1912, even World War I hadn't begun. What was then on Americans' minds was the recent "closing of the frontier". and the fact that there were no national exploration tasks for the next generation. Instead, "scouting" became a wholesome and less dangerous "urban" substitute for children, replicating some of the outdoorsy "frontier" experiences, without the actual dangers of dealing with wild animals and hostile Native Americans. Indeed, scouting worked well with the growing urbanization of the United States at the time. One probable reason this didn't happen more often was that kings needed mothers to be legitimate, while women were (mostly) barred from inheriting the throne. It was in Italy that (initially) non hereditary titles of nobility were granted for military prowess. That's because these titles were not grounded in ownership of land.According to Wikipedia: Peter the Great of Russia, a man regarded by many as despotic (but clearly sane) exiled his sister to a convent but did not execute her. In fact, "convents" were a convenient alternative to "execution" where women were concerned, which is probably one reason why women were seldom executed. Because people from "third world" countries had limited access to "first world" countries until recently (about 1950). I cite from the second reference: (Many books written in 20-th century were strongly influenced by powerful Soviet Communist propaganda, which completely distorted history. This includes many books by Western authors. Other books, much fewer in number, written by the "whites" are also usually driven by their agenda). Suppose that tomorrow Russia invades and annexes the whole of Ukraine (God forbid!!). Then teachers in Lviv (which will become "Lvov" again), will teach you that "Dan-e-e-la-ah" was a proto-Russian, (or simply Russian, as they teach in Moscow nowadays). If you are talking about Renaissance, there was still no scientific societies, and the means of communication remained the same (Napier, Brahe, Kepler, Galileo, they all wrote books and letters, here was no scientific societies, and by the way none of these named people was associated with any university). On the other hand Jews were not permitted to live in most of the German and Russian controlled cities See, for example, http://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/judaica/ejud_0002_0013_0_12843.html and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_community_of_Gda%C5%84sk This is a VERY rough outline of what happened in 1917-1918. EDIT. Let me give two concrete randomly chosen examples. There is a city of Lviv (Lwow, Lvov, Lemberg, Lemberk) in the current territory of Ukraine. It was founded by prnice/king Danila/Danylo in 13-th century. According to your teacher this Danylo was a "proto-Ukrainian". But every high school teacher in Moscow will teach that he was "proto-Russian", or simply "Russian" These examples were related to 13-th and 19-th centuries. But speaking of "proto-Ukrainians" earlier than that is even more nonsensical. So the first government after the coup consisted of Bolsheviks and the left SR, but soon (within 3 months) all SR were expelled by brute force and Bolsheviks established a dictatorship of their single party. In the late sixties. This is called "sexual revolution", and some social scientists explain it by invention of reliable and convenient contraceptives ("the Pill"). Of course, decline in religion is also an important ingredient, but this process began much earlier, I mean in Western Europe. At the time of October revolution, the Provisional government was headed by a right SR (Kerensky). Many other parties were represented in this government. It was called Provisional because its stated goal was to maintain the order until the Constitutional Assembly, which was supposed to establish a new constitution. EDIT. Moral: one should not punish the people (no matter how many cruelties were committed by them) but the individual war criminals. What your teacher teaches you is unfortunately a complete nonsense and political propaganda. There were no "Ukrainians" until the 17 century, and the notion of "proto-Ukrainians" (as people who lived of this territory) is unscientific. In other parts of the world this happened later. For example in the countries of the former Soviet Union in the 1980-90. I mean sexual relations without marriage were quite common already in 1960-70, but they were not socially acceptable: people had to hide them. In the 1980-90 this became completely normal. That's why I called all this business political propaganda. Consider the Jews living in the US now. Most of their ancestors lived on the territory of modern Ukraine. Were they "proto-Ukrainians"? Then why these Jews are not called "ukrainians"? All parties except left SR refused to co-operate with Bolsheviks after the this coup. Yes, you are almost completely off track:-) The situation was a) much more complicated, and b) quickly changing with time during 1917-1918.