But in any case -and I think both Sunni and Shia' scholars do agree about this point- the verse 5:90 says: 

Al-Bouti also discussed the evidences and tried to show up what is the more correct he also quoted the reason for the differences based on osol al-Fiqh 

References: See for example (in Arabic) or here 

In osol al-fiqh there's an important intro about technical terms were terms, their meanings and their opposite are explained! 

Note: impermissible here has been understood as makrooh (disliked) not as haram (forbidden). 

Finally I would like to point at a chapter in the Regulation 

Here just a few significant statements of the 4 Imams: 

Scholars have based on that and based on the practice (sunnah) of the Prophet() defined three types or forms of hajj: 

Well I'm answering your Question here based on the following assumption: Your husband has given you talaq at least 3 times and he wasn't in anger in any of them he is denying it. And you shouldn't have any doubt about any time he gave you talaq! 

(My own translation take it with the necessary care) 

Some more fiqh details based on this fatwa: 

A sighting at a location is not binding for an other location which is far away from it. This is (according his book) the view of the Shafi'i school (in the practiced or applied madhab), az-Zayla'i amoung the Hanafi school, and Malik according his Medinean students like ibn al-Majashoon and al-Mughira and it is also the view of the scholars 'Ikrimah, al-Qasim and Ishaaq ibn Rahawayh. 

For the end of Ramadan with the exception of abu Thawr all scholars say it needs two witnesses. 

Al-Bukhari already criticized the Hadith himself by quoting a corrected verison of the statement of abu Hazim in the passive voice which makes this hadith mursal (disconnected): 

Also note that all ahadith in al-Muwatta' of imam Malik which might be used as an evidence for putting one hand on the other have weaknesses and most if not all ahadith on this matter are only quoted in the sunan books, which means they are not that strong! 

So the answer is yes you could but should avoid it, because even if beer is considered as najis by some scholars you still usually wash the shampoo away and therefore clean up this najasa. And some say that beer is good for the hair. 

And I do assume that the necessity of to bury a body imply the necessity of performing salat al-Janazah I just want to know whether my assumption is right. 

End quote from Tuhfat al-Mawdood, p. 63 

or in an other translation from Sayyid abul a'la Maududi: 

Abu Hanifa allowed one witness in case that the sky was obscured, else he would insist on two witnesses. 

Basically what I want to know is: what are the conditions for a burial for the named cases ... or from what development stage or age of a fetus on is a burial necessary... 

This fatwa in Arabic says it is the madhab of a-Shafi'i himself, while the other view is the one of Abu Hanifa and Ahmad. 

One reason which seems clear is if the imam loses his purity, but i have never heard of an evidence for that and would know how this would be handled. While for the ma'mums there's a clear hadith. 

And the sunna of the Prophet (peace be upon him) added also the aunts (paternal and maternal) of the wife as woman who are haram to marry simultaneously to your wife! 

So far i only found fatwas in Arabic: 

Imam Ahmad and Imam Shafi'i: Also considred it as a wajib/fard (farz)