According to The Pacific War: Japan Versus the Allies by Alan J. Levine, corruption was a partial cause: Eventually the NRA simply compensated by using corps, composed of 2-3 divisions, as the basic tactical unit: So why have castles if the attacker can just siege them? Because sieges are very expensive to do. Manning a perimeter is obviously going to take more manpower than manning an isolated strongpoint - the Art of War quotes a tenfold requirement in men, which although not a hard rule, gives you some idea of the scope of the problem. Also it is very likely that this siege is being done in enemy territory, giving the defenders an interior lines advantage. Also, castles tend to be well-stocked with supplies, so that even without resupply, they can often last months, sometimes even years. Take a look at this list of sieges; there are many examples of ones lasting more than one year. With the defenders able to maintain such a huge logistical advantage for a very long time, how can you not see how awesome castles are? The need to siege the castle is important; if you ignore the castle and march on, this leaves the rear of your army - and worse, your supply line - highly vulnerable to attack by the defenders sallying forth. There are few examples of this happening because ignoring castles without besieging them is a huge tactical blunder. But in Cannae, the Romans were packed too tightly together, and the Carthaginians attacked with ranged weapons: Wikipedia also suggests that it was due to bickering warlords who could not agree on whose divisions would be merged or disbanded, also citing corruption as a cause: When I search for it I get a lot of results to the Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River, which is the longest retreat in US history, but at 120 mi (190 km) it is dwarfed by a more famous retreat, of the French from Moscow. So in order to compare formations, you can divide the number of Chinese divisions by 2 or 3 to get the actual strength in numbers. You are correct that being surrounded isn't necessarily a bad thing, and this question isn't a straightforward one to answer. As Pieter Geerkens noted in a comment, if you do it right then the defender enjoys the advantage of interior lines, and smart commanders throughout history have let themselves be surrounded on purpose to that effect. My question is, what were the causes of those manpower shortages? Why were the eligibility requirements adequate for the early Republic and not during Marius's time? Marius's immediate motivation may have been that he was tasked to fight a war without men, but the problem was chronic - apparently the property limits were reduced from 11,000 to 3000 sesterces by Marius's time. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Cannae Medjay The Medjay were mercenaries of Ancient Egypt. Pastorialists from Medja (a part of Nubia) came to Egypt for employment, including as mercenaries, as far back as the Old Kingdom (c. 2686 BC - c. 2181 BC), although their prominence as established mercenary units probably began during the Second Intermediary Period (c. 1650 BC - c. 1550 BC), where their fighting prowess gained recognition and they were an important contributor to Egypt's military power. What is the longest sustained retreat by a military force in history, by total length? Not counting naval examples, as they can be much longer. The Marian reforms of the late Roman Republic changed Rome's military into a standing, professional volunteer force and greatly enhanced its effectiveness, thereby ensuring Rome's dominance for centuries to come. However it also came with significant social consequences, being a major cause of the Republic's transition into the Empire. This is due to the inclusion of landless masses into the military; previously only those who owned at least so much land could be conscripted, and by the late Republic the military suffered from severe manpower shortages. This is also why castles are sometimes assaulted, despite the huge tactical disadvantage: the attackers simply cannot afford to tie up so much of their forces in a siege, or continue supplying them through enemy territory for so long. Ignoring the defenders risks the rest of the army coming under attack at their weakest positions. The earliest mention dates to around 1850 BC, describing them as small bands of soldiers, apparently mercenaries serving local city-states. Another mention is on the Tikunani Prism, describing events around 1550 BC, and lists the names of 438 Habiru soldiers serving a local King. http://www.unrv.com/empire/battle-of-cannae.php Habiru The Habiru were described in various ancient Near East sources as nomads with various occupations, including mercenaries, but also things such as rebels, raiders, outlaws, and migrant laborers. They may have been related to early Hebrews (the same, or the Habiru includes Hebrews, or they just happen to have similar names). Of the Napoleonic wars, Napoleon won three: the Third, Fourth and Fifth coalitions. Between the Third and Fourth, Prussia entered the coalition. They originally feared Napoleon especially after the latter's stunning victory at Austerlitz, but ongoing disputes finally lead them to breaking point. Between the Fourth and Fifth, France subdued Russia but were spread thin and tied down in Iberia, and Austria sought to take advantage of this and subject France to a two-front war. By this stage the French army was qualitatively weaker, and Napoleon suffered his first personal defeat in a decade at Aspern-Essling. Hannibal's invasion of Italy during the Second Punic War shows some of these dynamics at play: By the 18th Dynasty (1549/1550 BC - 1292 BC) they were well established as an elite paramilitary police force, with tasks ranging from desert scouting to pharaonic guards. Gradually the term "Medjay" shifted from being an ethnic one to an occupational one, as anyone who fulfilled the requirements could become a Medjay - this is evidenced by the increasing incidence of Egyptian names in their roster.