As far as taking it a bit too far, you have to remember that while 11 year olds are old enough to reason with and in many ways act like small adults, they aren't adults. Their brains haven't matured like yours and mine. They don't have nearly the amount of life experience we do. But they are at least (and probably more so) as susceptible to getting "caught up in the moment" as we are. And that's when the body slams happen. When we start doing things like that we (hopefully) have a red flag or three fly up and say "woah, slow down chief". We (at least partially) got that from experience, by screwing up and learning from our mistakes. Kids haven't made those mistakes yet and don't have that automatic warning system built in. 

In addition, kids learn by repetition. As I recall from Wreck-It Ralph, things got bopped a lot. Its no surprise that a small child would pick up on the bopping over, say, the nice moral of the story. The four year olds I've known couldn't pay attention long enough (and probably didn't care enough) to follow the whole story of an hour and a half movie. They probably can't pick up on little intricacies and all the other little details that makes stories interesting to adults. They remember the big things and the things that happened a lot. For example, I can't remember all the details of the Looney Toons I watched growing up. But I do remember Wile E. Coyote getting nailed by countless anvils, boulders, etc. 

For some presentations* of ADHD, the key is repetition, repetition, repetition. 

Not everything can realistically be reimbursed in this manner. My oldest once broke the family laptop because she had it up in her top bunk bed (against the rules, and despite repeated warnings) and dropped it to the ground. While she could have covered the cost out of her savings account, it would have been financially devastating. Instead, she's just not allowed to use the replacement laptop anywhere except the family room. 

My son is nine years old, in the 4th grade. I would like to explore this option in his 504 plan with the school, but first want to know it's going to actually be a concrete benefit, and make sure I'm exploring the right sorts of fidgets. 

These are situations where I'd step in and ask for calmer behavior: 

Once you have a diagnosis, be sure to share it with his teachers. Most are very understanding of disabilities like this, and are willing to give a little extra reminder or accommodation (within reason) for ADHD kids. 

I "fine" my kids for some things: 

Years of patient repetition from me has led to a pretty responsive child who does his best to helpfully respond. Still not perfect, but he's willing to try because he knows I won't be getting angry if he isn't perfect; before we figured this out, I'd become quickly frustrated, and then he'd feel inadequate and frustrated. 

The other parent seems to have taken a cue from you.* You didn't say anything and let the her deal with it, which sends the message that it doesn't bother you on behalf of your son. And when that happens repeatedly, the simpler path for her to take was just let her child have the toy -- that way, it doesn't get stolen anymore and she doesn't have to discipline anymore, problem solved. :P 

Is there scientific research that supports the utility of fidgets? Are some ADHD children more likely to benefit than others -- e.g., would a primarily-inattentive student be more or less helped by a fidget than a primarily-hyperactive student? 

Accepting that his failure to pay attention is how his brain works, rather than laziness or disrespect, was a key moment for my relationship with my ADHD son. It made it easy for me to not become angry when he "ignored" me. It's tedious to make the same request more than once, to remember to say "are you listening, this is important" before making a request, to check on whether a request was completed (and completed fully/correctly) -- but it's just a process I have to go through because he isn't able to focus easily. That's just who he is. 

Think back to the last action movie you saw (for me it was probably Avengers or something similar). If you got to reenact any scene from the movie, what would you want to do? The scene where two characters stand in a room and talk for a couple of minutes? Or the one where Iron Man and Thor are flying around, dodging lasers and shooting aliens? If it were me, I'd want to pretend to blow stuff up, because it's fun and exciting. Standing around and talking? That's normal and I do it every day. Why would I want to spend my play time doing something boring I do all the time? 

In addition, kids learn by repetition. As I recall from Wreck-It Ralph, things got bopped a lot. Its no surprise that a small child would pick up on the bopping over, say, the nice moral of the story. The four year olds I've known couldn't pay attention long enough (and probably didn't care enough) to follow the whole story of an hour and a half movie. They probably can't pick up on little intricacies and all the other little details that makes stories interesting to adults. They remember the big things and the things that happened a lot. For example, I can't remember all the details of the Looney Toons I watched growing up. But I do remember Wile E. Coyote getting nailed by countless anvils, boulders, etc. 

To sum up, they are just being kids and want to have fun doing exciting things. And they haven't messed up enough yet to know when actions are potentially going do lead to undesirable consequences. 

Also, as adults, we have the mental capabilities to separate reality from fantasy. We know that bullets and body slams hurt. We also know that pro wrestling is staged. Kids don't fully grasp that. And even when they sorta do, they think "well, I just saw two huge guys jump on each other and no one got hurt. I can do that too." They (and sometimes adults too) overestimate their abilities and underestimate the potential damage. And then reality usually takes effect and administers nasty surprises to everyone involved.