However, your case as stated does seem far too "consequentialist" to pass muster with the CA. In practical terms, the CA may be best regarding as a "guiding ideal" by which the internal contradictions of faulty moral assumptions may be revealed. 

So, the CA is much stricter and less commonsensical than we might suppose. We cannot simply think we are doing good. The "universal maxim" must enable the "will" in a way that does not ultimately contradict principles of reason, freedom.... and certain Christian assumption of an immortal soul transcending contingency, nature, and physical constraints, at least that is my understanding. Radical alterity is not, as far as I can see, an advance on the Kantian noumenal. Nor can a morality ever advance without the "radical alterity" of someone not "oneself," yet also treated as an end. First, I would note that there is a fair amount of philosophical literature on this question, and I am not very familiar with it. Camus, for example, argues that the question of suicide is the ultimate manifestation of human "freedom," which is more or less the same as "rationality." Animals, vegetables, and minerals, locked into natural causality, cannot choose "to be or not to be..." or even pose the question, as Hamlet can. It is a possibility that arises only for the rational being. 

Several off-the-cuff answers come to mind. The first is a behavioral test. Is a "philosopher" today readily distinguished from other people by observation in public settings? Probably not. Certainly not to the extent of a Diogenes. 

This seemingly natural mechanism of restoring social equilibrium has, as you imply, many historical-cultural forms and political manifestations. Among the Greeks the Aristotelean sense of "virtue" is portrayed as a median between extremes, with Hubris afflicting and eventually destroying the hero who lacks a sufficiently self-critical sense of place. 

However most people who consider themselves religious still consider murder to be a bad thing. 

You can't say anything: A hardened consequentialist might simply bite the proverbial bullet and say that, yes indeed, a small amount of slave labor is justified for the greater good. This for example was one of the justifications that pro-slavery "intellectuals" in the American South advanced in the lead up to the American Civil war. 

First of all, you need to specify which system of ethics you want to base your judgement of incest on. People tend to think that "right" and "wrong" are absolutes (even when removed from religious considerations), when in fact "right" and "wrong" can only be specified with regards to specific systems of ethics, of which there are many. 

The standard text book definition of Utilitarianism is typically given as maximizing the happiness or the good over all people. For example John Stuart Mill states in his book Utilitarianism: 

The challenge for finding an objective morality (independent of God) is to somehow demonstrate that a moral statement like "Helping others is good" or "Raping is bad" is true independently of the observer or subject of the statement. 

So if an atheist holds that (a) there are no souls, and (b) killing is bad - then the only logical course of action for her is to be vegetarian. She can eat plant products, because eating plant products doesn't necessarily require killing the entire plant. But if she is to respect the value of life, she cannot eat any meat since killing a living creature would be unavoidable. 

"The well-being of the group is simply the sum total of the interests of the all of its members." In response to the comment on utilitarianism 

Second, you need to define incest more precisely: In some cultures, incest includes relations between cousins, and between relatives by marriage, etc, while others consider only relations between direct blood relatives to be incest. Henceforth, I will consider only relations between siblings and parents to be incest. In your question, you are almost presupposing the answer when saying: Note that John Rawls is not a defender of income redistribution or total equality in a given society. Rawls finds inequality in a society perfectly acceptable, as long as it benefits everyone, including those least advantaged. See Rawls's second principle of justice as fairness. For example, it is acceptable, and maybe even preferable for doctors to be paid more money than most other professions, since this would guarantee that talented people would choose to be doctors, therefore increasing the well being and health of society as whole. Mild pain and mild pleasure were acceptable; but great pleasure was ill advised, because it would eventually end, and thus lead to longing for more, which constitutes pain. When we long for something, our heart aches. 

First it must be said that hedonism in the modern sense was not the core of Epicurism: Epicurus used the word ἡδονή (hêdonê, "pleasure") in a less obvious sense. The Stoics practised apatheia, "absence of feeling": a state of mind where the soul experiences no emotion at all. That was the only way in which the soul could be completely free. Any emotion would bind it to the body. 

Any sexual escapade or other enjoyment compromised one's apatheia. In addition, even moderate pleasure could destabilize the soul, subjecting it to greater pleasure by consequence, which would ultimately end in pain. There are some similarities to Buddhism. Life is a cart pulled by dogs; you, as a dog, have a choice between struggling against it, thereby causing yourself grief, or simply running along, going neither too fast nor too slowly 

Because moderate pleasure did not compromise ataraxia, casual sex and good food were allowed. But falling in love and unhealthy gluttony led to pain and were anathema. 

Epicureans strove after ataraxia, "unperturbedness" of the soul: a state of mind where neither pain nor pleasure affected the soul too much. This was the highest "pleasure".