"The Honeymoon Effect: Investigating Individual Members" coauthored with Buchler (cache). P.S. To address the usual responses of "well, if it's so easy how come we don't have any proof/convictions" - that's the catch-22. It's so easy, it's basically impossible to catch anyone doing so, and therefore, absent hard-to-forge voter ID requirements, there's no legitimate way to tell whether lack of successful prosecution is due to lack of illegal voting or lack of ability to catch illegally voting people. This isn't proof that there is any (or many) illegal voting going on - but it's also NOT a proof that there isn't. 

Robert Conrad, Jr., who later became head of the task force, called on Reno in Spring 2000 to appoint an independent counsel to look into the fund-raising practices of Vice President Gore.[50] 

3. Also a "honeymoon period" with the public, partly caused by favorable press coverage. Reasonable people will give you SOME benefit of the doubt before judging you on what you did. 

1. "honeymoon period" with Congress in first 100 days This is a period when there is less resistance to him. This is more pronounced when President and Congress are not united. Your biggest mistake is assuming people are motivated by rational reason and not emotions. 

Not only that but Clinton Administration (in power then) impeded the investigation. Leaving aside Obama's personal issues for the moment, historical precedent says that you mostly can't. 

In the unlikely event the impeachment succeeds, the President's party will likely suffer electoral dispopularity, as it will be associated with whatever bad thing the President got impeached for in the mind of voters, especially independents. For more information on identification to use when you vote for the first time, check the complete list of acceptable forms of identification. Theoretically, Romney may have had other possible concerns on legal/regulatory front that warranted a blind trust, because he worked in a financial industry in an investment firm. The industry is regulated even more than others, both in terms of corruption and conflict of interest. 

There's politically tactical benefit. 

In addition to partisan complaints from Republicans, columnists Charles Krauthammer, William Safire, and Morton Kondracke, as well as a number of FBI agents, suggested the investigations into the fund-raising controversies (which some dubbed Chinagate) were willfully impeded.[53][54][55] That's it. There's no other circumstances or methods that would allow the President to have a show canceled. 

Note that nowhere here you are required to provide proof of citizenship, and allowable proof of identification is available to most people who aren't citizens (bank statement or utility bill don't require you to be a citizen) and are easy to forge (unlike a driver's license or proof of citizenship). 

Less than 3 months, and you can't really get anything much done worth making into a memorable list. In general, by law, there's no requirements around the president's financial situation. 

If so, he can get federal law enforcement to take actions which would cause the show to get canceled (via judicial decree, if found in violation; or simply by the producers wishing to avoid such outcome). To succeed, he would depend on said judicial decree to be positive, which is out of his hands. Step 1: Registering to vote (by mail) According to California DMV, you can register to vote in Presidential elections in CA by mail, by following the process as noted (relevant parts bolded): For some good historical perspective on legal issues involved: http://www.amazon.com/Protecting-Best-Men-Interpretive-History/dp/0807842907 

Additional note to Alex's excellent answer is a secondary consideration: a shrewd leader who is unpopular in USA may very well endorse a candidate they would rather see lose, in hopes that people vote against that candidate just as a rejection of said leader's endorsement (probably, with the spinning/publicity of the event the opposing candidate).