The worst of things are those that are newly invented; every newly-invented thing is an innovation and every innovation is going astray, and every going astray is in the Fire. “I was sitting with the Messenger of Allah when a man said: ‘O Messenger of Allah! The people have lost interest in horses and put down their weapons, and they say there is no jihad, and that war has ended.’ The Messenger of Allah turned to face him and said: ‘They are lying, now the fighting is to come. There will always be a group among my people who will fight for the truth, for whom Allah will cause some people to deviate, and grant them provision from them, until the Hour comes and until the promise of Allah comes. Goodness is tied to the forelocks of horses until the Day of Resurrection. It has been revealed to me that I am going to die and will not stay long, and you will follow me group after group, striking one another’s necks. And the place of safety for the believers is Ash-Sham.’“ 

Again in the context of pastime in this hadith, when the Prophet saw some people from Bani Aslam practicing archery as a pastime, he encouraged them: So it Allah's mercy to Virgin Mary(pbuh) that her son didnt cry. BUT ALLAH KNOWS BEST, why Jesus(pbuh) didn't cry on being born. This in no way means he is MORE faultless than Muhammad(pbuh). Is your question about "Unverified and unbelievable stories"? Based on the clarification you added, my understanding is that you simply mean "unbelievable stories" rather than "fantasy stories". 

The Prophet; said, "A slave (of Allah) may utter a word which pleases Allah without giving it much importance, and because of that Allah will raise him to degrees (of reward): a slave (of Allah) may utter a word (carelessly) which displeases Allah without thinking of its gravity and because of that he will be thrown into the Hell-Fire." (Bukhari Volume 8, Book 76, Number 485 ) Jesus(pbuh) didnt have a father which was a miracle BUT Adam(pbuh) didnt have a mother and a father. This is double the miracle of Jesus(pbuh)! 

Different prophets, different miracles....same Allah. But another point that comes to light in this verse is that... 

"The Prophet became sick and when his disease became aggravated..." In short, the Prophet(pbuh) was doctor himself and had learnt his cures from the best university in the world (Allah) 

Hence you will see many books of topics like "Cures of the Prophet(pbuh)", "Medicine of the Prophet(pbuh)" etc. Why the Prophet(pbuh) never went to the doctor? There are certain rules that apply only to the Prophet(pbuh). For example, the Prophet's wives cannot re-marry etc. 

In the above verse the Quran makes it compulsory on verifying information if it comes from a disobedient person(i.e. faasiqun). 

According to the Quran he was not over bearing to his mother. 

Islam requires us not to be careless about "a word" we say. This does not in anyway mean Adam(pbuh) is "greater faultless son" than Jesus(pbuh). 

Every prophet has his own set of miracles. That does not in anyway imply one is greater than the other. Rather this implies that all miracles come from the same Allah. ESPECIALLY we as muslims ARE NOT allowed to distinguish between prophets. Just imagine an alone woman in a conservative society where having a child out of wed lock could result in death. To add to those troubles, she delivered the child all by herself in the desert. The assumption that the Prophet(pbuh) never fell sick is incorrect. See Sahih Bukhari Book #11, Hadith #646 

In this case it is seeking cure from someone else. If the Prophet(pbuh) fell sick and went to the doctor, the unbelievers would say "He goes to the doctor but cannot ask Allah for a cure whose prophet he claims to be". 

BUT I would agree with your teacher that it is recommended to eat less to be healthy. Conclusion The conclusion, and this is purely my opinion, is that pastime beneficial to making Muslims physically or mentally stronger is encouraged by the Prophet (hadith): 

Narrated Abu-Huraira: Gabriel used to repeat the recitation of the Qur'an with the Prophet (ﷺ) once a year, but he repeated it twice with him in the year he died. The Prophet (ﷺ) used to stay in I'tikaf for ten days every year (in the month of Ramadan), but in the year of his death, he stayed in I`tikaf for twenty days. 

— NOTE: My own translation, so treat with care: 

— Sunan an-Nasa'i, Book 19, Hadith 23 

The blind man then turned to Allah one more time asking Him to accept the intercession (supplication) of the Prophet (ﷺ). 

For an act to be part of the religion, it has to be authenticated as narrated in the following hadith: 

In other words, when it comes to acts of worship (the objective is getting closer to Allah), we have only one option: to follow. An innovation has been described by the Prophet ﷺ as an act that is newly invented; it does not belong to the religion: