(i)... confronting the Samaritan woman at the well saying that she had had five husbands and the one she was then staying with was not her husband( Jn 4:18) {Imagine her reaction: first a loud laugh; then a sad soul-search ), 

Bethlehem, the birth-place of Jesus literally means 'house of bread' . It is possible that the town had a good concentration of bakeries, from which oven-baked bread of prized quality was bought by the people of adjoining areas. It looks coincidental that Jesus frequently used the image of 'bread' in His teachings, culminating in the institution of Holy Eucharist. I wish to know if any studies have been made by the Catholic Church on the co-relation of the name of Jesus' birth place and His teachings in which bread plays a prominent part. 

I for one, never heard of any discussion by the Cardinals of Catholic Church on whether Jesus laughed and made others laugh. But since I have asked myself the question many a time, I can say for sure that if at all there was a discussion, the participants would have discussed the personality of Jesus.... 

John the Evangelist occasionally refers to himself as 'the disciple whom Jesus loved' (Jn 12:23; 19:26; 21:7; 21:20). (Interestingly, no other evangelist makes such a reference.) Is it possible that Jesus had a special consideration for John because of that status? What is the Catholic view of it? 

Note: per the question's tag this is necessarily a Catholic based answer. 

So what's a Catholic to do? Reserve true worship, latria, for God (The Holy Trinity). If an image or a statue inspires you to contemplate on the divine, that's fine. Just remember that the image isn't worthy of true worship, only God is. 

3/ is forbidden to benefit from privileges previously granted; 

Pope Francis recently released an encyclical regarding the environment: LAUDATO SI’... ON CARE FOR OUR COMMON HOME. It begins: 

What is the distinction between being saved and being justified? 

If you, or I, or an unbeliever tries to demand a particular form of grace from Him ... good luck with that. What your question amounts to is: "If I were God, I'd have done it this way..." You're not God and God does it His way. We are called to open our hearts and trust God. Doubting Thomas was chastised for having the wrong attitude. (See John 20:25-29, below).