the ball is placed for the next down based on its position when the down ends, and not for example when a defender first made contact with the attacker or when the attacker first took possession. Each attempt at moving the ball forward is called a down. A down ends when the player with the ball is tackled (see further definition later) or leaves the field of play, some kind of score occurs, a pass is incomplete, or the player in possession stops making forward progress. Note that Various systems are used by different organisations to make it easy to note the reason for a card, and remind the referee what occurred when they write a match report afterward. [after a delayed penalty, and the offender's team gains possession], the Referee will blow his whistle to stop play and impose the penalty on the offending player. Thus, there is no concern over whether the order will be suboptimal based on the coin toss. Instead, managers are faced with a much more dynamic and complex situation: choosing the most optimal order from this point onwards and before every individual shot. In the case of a player moving backwards, the player stops making forward progress because they have begun doing the opposite. The NFL has no such rule, though. Rule 8, section 2, article 1 of the NFL Rules: The NFL Official Casebook clarifies the issue. If a tie-up occurs before either team has gained possession, then a new jump ball is held (rule 6-2.3). The rules make a special exception for the case of a kick holder, or else place kicks would be nearly impossible to execute. Similarly, in the NBA, possession beginning each period is determined by who had the first possession (rule 6.I.b). Tipping the ball out of bounds does not count as a possession (rule 4.XVIII). In this video, a college basketball player steals the ball, races down court, and avoids the defender by throwing a pass to himself off the backboard. Obviously the officials allowed it, but I couldn't find an explicit mention in the NCAA Rulebook. Is this ruled as a shot, and if so, why is it legal? I'd be interested in the answer for any level of basketball, though NCAA is the most relevant. Because it's specifically permitted by the intentional grounding rule. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=jtfNegUxAcY Again, note the qualification "in flight". The key word is "airborne". Once the kick has bounced, it is no longer considered airborne. If the onside attempt is a "pooch" (short high kick), then even if no one signals for a fair catch the kicking team would be penalized if they interfered. By Section 1, Article 1, item 2: This is why most onside kickers attempt to either roll the ball along the ground or kick it down hard so that it bounces high. A high bouncing kick is ideal, since the bouncing is likely to slow it down enough that the kicking team can get into position and block the receivers.