See Law 41 in the rules of cricket Few countries play full Test Matches in Women's Cricket these days. Since 2007, there have been only 4 Women's test matches played, all being Australia playing England in the Women's Ashes. The last test played between any other nations was Netherlands vs South Africa in 2007. In non limited overs cricket (i.e. 5 day test match cricket or 4 day 'First class' cricket), there are almost no restrictions on where fielders can be positioned, the only restriction being a limit of two players behind square on the leg side. You will sometimes see situations in which every fielder, apart from the wicket keeper, is on the boundary. This is sometimes known as a 'ring field'. Typically you would see this if a top order batter is batting with a tail-ender. The bowling team wants to stop the batter scoring boundaries, but are happy for them to score a single bringing the tail-ender on strike who they have a better chance of getting out. Protective equipment No member of the fielding side other than the wicket-keeper shall be permitted to wear gloves or external leg guards. In addition, protection for the hand or fingers may be worn only with the consent of the umpires. Shane Warne made a lot of fuss later in his career over the delivery he claimed to invent which he called the 'zooter'. However, it was simply a backspinner as had been bowled by many bowlers before him and was easier for him to bowl than his other variations once his shoulder had worn out from years of bowling. The source is Cricinfo Statsguru. Use this pre-made and sorted query to see the latest Women's test matches. Originally, the idea was that all teams must play every other team within a time window (I think it was 5 years) and only the most recent series against each opponent would count and be weighted equally. This was abandoned in favour of the above mentioned weighting of recent games because the cricket boards didn't want to be locked in rigidly to completing all the series that this would require. Basically teams like India, Australia, England and South Africa want to be playing each other much more often because that generates more revenue than playing against smaller countries like New Zealand or the West Indies. Particularly, everyone wants to play India as much as possible because that is where most of the money in world cricket flows from. On the other hand, if it is senior cricket then players can do as they wish. If you are batting and you feel that you are endangering a fielder, remember that is what they want you to think. The whole point of fielding so close is not to actually take a catch ( you don't need to be so close to do so) but to toy with the batter's mind. If the position of the fielder is worrying you, then the fielder is doing their job. Focus on your own job and let the fielder worry about their safety. Remember that the bowler is sprinting in and putting all their might into bowling a hard object as hard as possible at your head. The bowler doesn't want to hurt you as such, but your safety is none of their concern. You should have the same attitude about fielders. Like any spin bowler variation, the intention of a backspinner is deception. The bowler hopes the batsmen will player the ball as if it was a regular stock ball and be surprised to find it behaves differently. In the case of the backspinner, the ball will tend to land fuller than the batsmen expects and bounce off the pitch lower and quicker than they expect (hence the term 'slider', the ball 'slides' off the pitch instead of bouncing up). The reason for this has to do with some simple physics (that I won't go into) and contrasts with the usual flight of a spin bowlers delivery. Usually a regular side spinning stock ball will also be topspinning somewhat, so an offspin stock ball typically is spinning towards fine leg rather than square leg and an leg spinner towards the slips rather than point. Topspin makes the ball land shorter than it would otherwise, and causes it to grip onto the pitch bouncing slower and higher than otherwise. If the batsmen has been facing many of these stock balls from a bowler they may become used to that bounce and pace. If a bowler then bowls a backspinner they may be deceived by the fuller, lower bouncing ball. This may cause them to play over the ball and be bowled or given LBW. Runs: There is no fixed limit of runs in an innings, and scores over 100 are possible. The current record in a test match is 400 runs by Brian Lara. So even discounting not outs, the average could be over 100. Edit: this was correct as of Feb 2015, but subject to change. For the correct answer as of Jan 2017, and a quick way of finding the current scores, see answer by Moaz0786. One Day International: lowest score never achieved as of 2015 is 155. T20 International: lowest score never achieved as of 2015 is 82 Innings - N.O. : This boosts the average if the player is not out. So if a batsman scored 50, then 60 Not Out, his average would be No, 100 is not the limit, because there is no maximum average. The batting average is calculated as: At least four other players have achieved and surpassed this, by scoring 100 runs and taking 10 wickets in a match. Of course to score 100 runs in a match, you need to score at least one half-century. Test match: lowest score never achieved by batsman in an innings as of 2015 is 229. A note on the method: I kept scrolling on the links until I got the impression that there was no way a missing lower score could appear. This was at 200 for tests, at 119 for ODI and at 50 for T20I. For instance in ODIs, 119 has been scored 31 times, and 3 times by Viv Richards alone, so I am pretty confident that all lower values will have been scored, but I didn't do an exhaustive check all the way down to 0.