Now Mendel runs his experiement, and sees that P2 is true. This allows him to reject P0, the null hypothesis, leaving only P1 (3:1 ratios) as potentially true. He has also rejected Pp in the process, because Pp (1:1 ratios) is part of P0 (anything but 3:1) The best success I have had is taking a slightly different tack. Instead of arguing "Bigfoot does not exist," I argue that acting on the belief that Bigfoot exists is counterproductive. By adding a layer of action on top of the belief, there is room to make arguments that would be impossible if I simply targeted the belief itself. In this case, I think you could fill in the missing premise with your premise 5: "Since women have as much right to self-esteem as men, women should earn as money as men." and you would create a more complete argument. However, since the book isn't actually asking for the missing premise (they're just using it to help explain what's going on), they chose a simpler premise. What does the definition mean? Here's a quote from the Principia: Construed thus, both of these are false, since both of them claim that something exists ('a king of France') while in fact there is no such thing. That makes natural deduction equivalent to truth tables in sentential logic in the sense that showing that an argument is valid using a truth table implies that it is provable using natural deduction, and showing that it is provable in natural deduction implies that its truth table would show it to be valid. Russell's solution is to construe such apparently referring expressions as existence claims. That is, the above turn into: In a world without S, "All S is P" is true. You must keep in mind how it is formulated in first-order logic: ("⌈A⌉" is used to refer to the sentence A. This can be done with Gödel numbering.) I think there's some confusion in your question. Correct me if I'm wrong. An alternative approach is to observe that the prevailing model does a poor job of predicting experimental results, scratch together a theory, and state "The results of pea plant crossings is well modeled using the model, Rules L." At this point, no statement of ontological truth is made, just an empirical announcement that this model fits the data so far. Over time, if no better model comes forth, people may elect to change the phrasing to "The model is true," not because any additional evidence had come forth, but simply because it is convenient to think that way. This may be very unsatisfying mathematically, but linguistically it captures how ideas evolve, simplify, and are passed on to new generations. Of course, all of the modern scientific approach involved statistics and falsification of hypotheses, and all sorts of things that are relatively new phrasings. More traditionally, the process may be simpler. The fact that Mendel's model does a good job of explaining the experimental results and the prevailing model does a very poor job of explaining them may be sufficient to argue that Mendel's new model should be considered "right," without all the formalism of null-hypotheses and other features of modern scientific methodology. It also presumes that an explanation one's actions has to be necessary and sufficient, rather than merely a way to convey information. That is, anything which is a god (G) has the property of existing (E). This formulation has existence (E) as a first order predicate, applying to objects. But then, he says, it doesn't apply to the predicate G, so it doesn't actually show that there is any x which is a G. That makes natural deduction equivalent to truth tables in sentential logic in the sense that showing that an argument is valid using a truth table implies that it is provable using natural deduction, and showing that it is provable in natural deduction implies that its truth table would show it to be valid. If step 5 in your deduction was ~Q, the proof would not work. The crucial move in that deduction is 8, which deduces Q from Q->Q, P->Q, PvQ. If 5 had ~Q instead, that would not work, since that would get you P->~Q instead of P->Q. What does the definition mean?