TL;DR Most likely Franklin D. Roosevelt with at least 1715. That said, they do have to comply with the law. And if the law requires them to do certain things in certain situations, then they have to follow that. Even in those places where the police are directly under mayoral control, the mayor can't force them to break the law. E.g. the mayor can't demand an extra-judicial hanging. Or force them to ignore immigration law. In New Hampshire, the cutoff was 10%. Kasich, Cruz, Bush, and Rubio got their proportional amounts and Trump got the rest. Christie got 1.8% of 30, which rounded to 0 after adjustments. I.e. if too many round up, then someone can't. Apparently Christie was that someone. Even if his 1.8% was really 1.75% (which rounds to 1.8%) that would have been 0.525, which should have rounded up. But all 30 delegates had already been allocated. It remains an exaggeration to say that it is mathematically impossible for Kasich to win the nomination on the first ballot. However, it would still be ridiculously difficult. He'd have to win all the unbound delegates and more than 80% of the unallocated delegates from future elections. So he'd have to win all the winner-take-all and winner-take-most states. Of course, it is also very difficult for Cruz to win enough delegates for a first ballot majority. Even Trump is back to being short of target (he needed to win Ohio). And neither of them have Kasich's advantages with the unbound delegates. The current battle seems to be being fought mostly in terms of funding. The federal government is sending certain monies to the city. It may stop sending some funds to cities that don't do certain things. Cities are defiantly saying that they'll continue even in the face of loss of funds. Note how this hits two Republican issues: immigration and cutting spending. And a very small number of Republicans live in those cities. As such, don't be surprised if the funding is in fact cut. Another good article with examples from other elections is here http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/09/18/9-questions-about-the-federal-reserve-you-were-too-embarrassed-to-ask/ As you said in the comments, it's not always a serious push. There's no exact statistics on Narau refugee origins but my impression is that many would fit the ban, but not all - for example, the original crisis that led to narau detentions (MV Tampa) was about refugees from Afghanistan that isn't on the list. Wiki has very vague: Arguments about the case and the validity of the verdict took center stage in broader debates about the Cold War, McCarthyism, and the extent of Soviet espionage in the United States.2 Since Hiss's conviction, statements by involved parties and newly exposed evidence have added to the dispute. Author Anthony Summers argued that since many relevant files continue to be unavailable, the Hiss controversy will continue to be debated.[3] In 2001, James Barron, a staff reporter for The New York Times, identified what he called a "growing consensus that Hiss, indeed, had most likely been a Soviet agent."[4] And at worst, there's a risk of a second Reagan - a candidate derided by the literati, who will pursue a hardline foreign policy with the same... fervor... that Trump conducted his primary campaign. Or, the show/network can raise enough money from people opposing such a move (or the President) to cover the fine. a. get tangled in investigation and be distracted However, if you are voting for the first time after registering to vote by mail and did not provide your driver license number, California identification number or the last four digits of your social security number on your registration form, you may be asked to show a form of identification when you go to the polls. In this case, be sure to bring identification with you to your polling place or include a copy of it with your vote-by-mail ballot. A copy of a recent utility bill, the sample ballot booklet you received from your county elections office or another document sent to you by a government agency are examples of acceptable forms of identification. Other acceptable forms of identification include your passport, driver license, official state identification card, or student identification card showing your name and photograph. Presidential Conflicts of Interest Act of 2017 Presidential Tax Transparency Act We the People Democracy Reform Act of 2017 ...seem tailored in part to help answer questions like this, if they become law. What happens if, after a few years, a sitting President was found in a surprise revelation, and through no fault of their own, to have been utterly ineligible for that office because of both where they were actually born and who their parents actually were. If possible, let's avoid considering manipulative or tricky methods of Presidential job growth -- i.e. shortening some metric and calling the resulting (unconverted) larger number "growth", or having two full-time workers in different trades swap morning shifts, and calling the result four jobs. Aside from wartime, are there any Presidency and national job number change correlations that are widely agreed to be provably causal? The President owes some money. In 2016 Fortune estimated he owed $1.1 billion. Last December Mother Jones estimated he owed over $700 million, not including $2 billion in debt by real estate partnerships. TL;DR Most likely Franklin D. Roosevelt with at least 1715. Christie got 1.8% of 30, which rounded to 0 after adjustments. I.e. if too many round up, then someone can't. Apparently Christie was that someone. Even if his 1.8% was really 1.75% (which rounds to 1.8%) that would have been 0.525, which should have rounded up. But all 30 delegates had already been allocated. That said, they do have to comply with the law. And if the law requires them to do certain things in certain situations, then they have to follow that. Even in those places where the police are directly under mayoral control, the mayor can't force them to break the law. E.g. the mayor can't demand an extra-judicial hanging. Or force them to ignore immigration law. The current battle seems to be being fought mostly in terms of funding. The federal government is sending certain monies to the city. It may stop sending some funds to cities that don't do certain things. Cities are defiantly saying that they'll continue even in the face of loss of funds. Note how this hits two Republican issues: immigration and cutting spending. And a very small number of Republicans live in those cities. As such, don't be surprised if the funding is in fact cut. Of course, it is also very difficult for Cruz to win enough delegates for a first ballot majority. Even Trump is back to being short of target (he needed to win Ohio). And neither of them have Kasich's advantages with the unbound delegates.