In these cases, these people expect that their king and when he lived, ruled, and died, are well known. For the most part they are, so historians often use other sources to create a relative timeline and they often usually are able to relate it to our own calendar in a roundabout way. Then they just use simple math to determine the dates for everything. For example, this work might be dated by knowing that another work mentions King Uzziah in relation to another king or event that we have already dated. That helps us date this work. Also, sometime ancient works mention celestial signs, such as eclipses. We can calculate when those would have occurred with a great deal of accuracy. 

Pilate said to them, “What then shall I do with Jesus who is called Christ?” The Wikipedia article is well sourced and covers a good deal about the purpose of Jefferson's work. Once familiar with that, it becomes apparent of the difficulties and unlikelihood that any self identified Christian group uses it in their ministries. Though the work is entirely from the Bible, it is entirely not the Bible. If any group was using it for their ministries, quoting from it would cause great confusion, as it appears like the Bible at first, but is missing most of it. Instead, what seems more likely, is that deists or even humanist/secular groups may use it, but as an adjunct to their own central doctrine, whatever that may be. The governor answered and said to them, “Which of the two do you want me to release to you?” 

Then the governor said, “Why, what evil has He done?” Consequently, Jefferson's Bible was relatively unknown until the 1940's. And even today, most of Christendom is unaware of it. Mitch Horowitz, writer for CNN, considers the "what if's" had Jefferson published his work. Then the high priest tore his clothes, saying, “He has spoken blasphemy! What further need do we have of witnesses? Look, now you have heard His blasphemy! What do you think?” Gospel of Mark was written by Mark, a cousin of Barnabas (Colossians 4:10), was an eyewitness to the events in the life of Christ as well as being a friend of the apostle Peter. Mark wrote for a Gentile audience, as is brought out by his not including things important to Jewish readers (genealogies, Christ's controversies with Jewish leaders of His day, frequent references to the Old Testament, etc.). Mark emphasizes Christ as the suffering Servant, the One who came not to be served, but to serve and give His life a ransom for many (Mark 10:45). 

 I have composed this answer from an answer on this site which was posted for some other question: Thirdly, in ancient eastern societies the younger siblings seldom gave advice to older. But we find these Jesus’ brethren giving him advice on couple of occasions like John 7:3-4 and in Mark 3:21-where they sought to restrain him. This also eliminates them being his brethren since, if they were not his brethren then why they were referred as Brethren of Jesus? 

 Also others in Gospels are never referred as sons of Mary, not even when they are called Jesus’ brothers, which is strange in case they were indeed his brothers. 

In these cases, these people expect that their king and when he lived, ruled, and died, are well known. For the most part they are, so historians often use other sources to create a relative timeline and they often usually are able to relate it to our own calendar in a roundabout way. Then they just use simple math to determine the dates for everything. For example, this work might be dated by knowing that another work mentions King Uzziah in relation to another king or event that we have already dated. That helps us date this work. Also, sometime ancient works mention celestial signs, such as eclipses. We can calculate when those would have occurred with a great deal of accuracy. The answer to your trivia question is actually complicated and highly contextual. I would bet that the answer according to the game is "blasphemy". 

Consequently, Jefferson's Bible was relatively unknown until the 1940's. And even today, most of Christendom is unaware of it. Mitch Horowitz, writer for CNN, considers the "what if's" had Jefferson published his work. Though the work is entirely from the Bible, it is entirely not the Bible. If any group was using it for their ministries, quoting from it would cause great confusion, as it appears like the Bible at first, but is missing most of it. Instead, what seems more likely, is that deists or even humanist/secular groups may use it, but as an adjunct to their own central doctrine, whatever that may be. 

Then the high priest tore his clothes, saying, “He has spoken blasphemy! What further need do we have of witnesses? Look, now you have heard His blasphemy! What do you think?”