I suppose you could do like Josh suggests and tag them cocoa-bundle, but that's not strictly accurate: bundles are a larger concept than the Cocoa framework. And you could concoct some other name, like application-bundle, but that's not what they're called in the documentation or in common usage, making it hard for people to select the right tag. Otherwise, I'd go for number one. In this case, if he rolls back your edit again, I'd do nothing. I don't really think that either of those tags are hurting anything by being there. It's highly probable that someone experienced with C or C++ programming is someone that will know the answer to the question, so the presence of those tags might attract their attention or make it easier to find the question. 

But you never want to get into an editing war with someone. When that happens, no one wins. <insert highly offensive and off-color macro image about arguing on the Internet here> 

Another central problem, common to inexperienced people asking questions about C-based languages, is the one revealed by this edit: If it's a very clear-cut case where those tags obviously should/should not be there or their presence/absence is actively hurting something, I'd opt for the second course of action. No, in fact C and C++ are very different languages, and it's quite rare that those tags should ever be applied simultaneously to the same question. I've tried to come up with various ways of solving this problem, but I haven't really been successful yet. Sounds like this user doesn't understand how the tag system works. Tags aren't to be applied for every language/concept that might possibly be relevant to a question. If they were, you wouldn't be limited to 5, we'd have allow infinite numbers of tags. 

And I don't even think it's necessary. We don't need complex tags like c#-bundle. Questions can just use the separate c# and bundle tags. That is, the other required tags on the question are sufficient to disambiguate which type of "bundle" is being referred to. Flag the question for moderator attention, explaining why those tags should/should not be there and that the original poster keeps rolling back your edits. Mention that you don't want to get into an edit war, and that the question should be locked. Moderators can lock questions from being edited, and they will do this in extreme circumstances where the asker absolutely refuses to leave a valid edit in place and refuses to listen to reason.