This is a really complicated question. I will try to be brief. In order to discuss corn its relevant to discuss other major crops. The reason is that farmers choose to grow things that will compliment another thing to prevent soil erosion and lower costs. 

At the other extreme, the Radical Republicans offered the "state suicide" theory and the "conquered-province" theory. The first, advocated by Charles Sumner, essentially maintained that Southern states had abdicated all rights they had under the Constitution and had therefore become territories subject to the jurisdiction of Congress. Consequently, Congress could dictate the specific conditions, however extreme, for a resumption of the designation of statehood. Sumner said of his theory that "for a while the freedman will take the place of the master, verifying the saying that the last shall be first and the first shall be last." 

There are some historical reasons why wheat was not popular early on. Although the Northeast grew wheat, oats and barley farming was not extensive since the land suffered from soil erosion quickly and it was not profitable. The reason given is farming practices using oxen, which were non-native, and deep plows used up the the land too quickly. Also, in early America there was not yet railroads to move the wheat to market, so people ate what was local. 

As far as direct evidence linking the event to the penning of the sermon, it appears that the evidence thus far available is only circumstantial. 

The "goodness" of a writer is now measured by how well they communicate a message (so much so de Toqueville is being called a bad writer!?). During the Civil War, writers would have been much more concerned with the style of their writing. Style can also be used to communicate messages. 

The US government encouraged farmers to grow wheat to meet international demand created by WWI 

I think maybe Ron Paul? He started running for president in 1988. There are many examples of third party candidates having long histories of attempted presidential runs, but Ron Paul achieved national media attention and national ballot access more often. He also was a cross-over to the Republican Party primary. The question is not really answerable since we don't have access to individual politicians' records regarding their campaigns. They might not want us to know if they have been running for the White House for 15 years, but Mitt Romney is certainly not the first to have a long campaign. The official beginning of John McCain's (2008 Republic candidate) surfacing period can be placed at 1998 during his second reelection to the Senate when he declared a public interest in running for the presidency, but the actual beginning date of his Surfacing is unknown.