As to your friend's suggestion that there is no proof in the Bible that Jesus was in contact with Adam and Eve to save them, he is correct: there is not. But neither is there anything in the Bible to prove that God is not in contact with Adam and Eve, either, so your friend seems to be using the questionable tactic of the "testimony of silence". When Jesus responded to Thomas, he said, I've never seen a Catholic reciting the Hail Mary, who 'exclaimed with a loud cry" the quotation from St. John the Baptist's mother that it contains, that is, "Blessed are you among women, and blessed is the fruit of your womb!" Does this mean that Catholics do not treat the Mother of God with the same degree of reverence that Elizabeth did? Prayers in official sources (e.g., the 1662 English Book of Common Prayer, and the 1928 US Book of Common Prayer, the Lutheran Book of Worship of the mid-1970's, and the services of the Methodist Hymnal of 1933) showed the same salutations and closings on individual prayers in the services, and showed the use of the full Trinitarian formula quoted in the question only as an invocation, at least in the prayers I sampled. always seem to include a spear wound in his side, and usually a bowed head. Since in John 19, Jesus death is reported in verse 30 ("... he said, 'It is finished'; and he bowed his head and gave up his spirit." [RSV]), and the report that his side was pierced happens in verse 34, the suffering corpus depicts a Jesus who has died. The harmonization would be that the Gospel of Matthew is divinely inspired Sacred Scripture, while the Protoevangelium of James is merely pious tradition. In case of nonconformity between the two, Matthew takes precedence. To the extent that they fail to comply, or deliberately violate that to which they are bound, they are in impaired communion with the rest of the church, but remain Catholics. A consequence of the impaired communion may be liability to certain penal consequences as laid out in the Code of Canon Law, and there are some consequences that have automatic consequences. Failing to accept, adhere to, and promote the Church's teaching on abortion, for example, carries the penalty of automatic self-excommunication by the individual. Ex-communication, however, simply bars a Catholic from all sacraments, except confession, but does not mean that the person is considered by the Church not to be a Catholic. A Catholic would say that the church does not "create" saints. Rather, the church's process of canonization is a formal recognition that a particular individual's life has demonstrated extraordinary signs of holiness, so that the church proclaims that the acts or words of that particular individual are deemed to be worthy examples or living individuals to emulate, and that the individual is in heaven blessed to see the beatific vision. He didn't say anything about his mother. On the other hand, the figures on the crucifix with the suffering Christ, I am not sufficiently familiar with the writings of the Fathers to discuss which of them might have written on this matter, but in general my understanding is that most of the current teaching on this matter developed after the time of the Fathers, and thus, after the time of Scripture. Given my lack of knowledge of the Fathers on this matter, I welcome any who might be able to write definitively on this matter to edit this answer. In a Christian church, the other elements of the architecture provide focal points to call the attention of the faithful to the sacraments, hence the presence of the Baptistry, or baptismal font, and location at which the Mass or communion is celebrated. In a Roman Catholic church, the location in which the Body of Christ is housed is supposed to be front and center, and in the churches I named above, a Cross or Crucifix are always present to call to the viewer's mind the salvific acts of God. Roman Catholic, Orthodox, and to a somewhat lesser extent, some Anglican and Lutheran buildings will contain representations intended to call to the viewer's mind members of the community of the faithful departed by icons, stained glass windows, or statues, including Mary, the Mother of God, the Apostles, the Mighty Acts of God, including creation, perhaps the Flood, or the other sacraments or rites. One thing all of the churches have in common (and most other protestant ones as well) is a pulpit or lectern in a prominent place, from which the word of God can be proclaimed.