Soteriology: A Non-Violent Perspective - Weaver, Nonviolent Atonement, 12-19, 70-98, 210-224. 

Offerings were free-will gifts (one could even call this "alms") above and beyond required "taxes" that could help in immediate cases. Soteriology: A Liberation Perspective - Boff, Salvation and Liberation, 1-66. 

Boff, L. and C. Salvation and Liberation: In Search of a Balance between Faith and Politics. Translated by R. R. Barr. Maryknoll, NY: Orbis, 1984, 1-66. 

Franklin, R. W. “A Model fro New Joint Declaration: An Episcopalian Reaction to the Joint Declaration on Justification,” 35-46; Macchia, F. D. “Justification and the Spirit of Life: A Pentecostal Response to the Joint Declaration,” 133-149). 

Miracles do not cause people to believe Miracles are given in order that we might believe (Mark 2:9-10). They are signs that God is in fact behind a thing. Jesus forgave a lame man's sin, and the Pharisees grumbled. So, Jesus says, "in order that you might know that I have authority to forgive sin..." he performs a miracle. Justification and the Future of the Ecumenical Movement: The Joint Declaration on the Doctrine of Justification, ed. W. G. Rusch. Collegeville: Liturgical Press, 2003 (Chadwick, H. “An Anglican Reaction: Across the reformation Divide,” 23-34; Soteriology: A Feminist Perspective - Japinga, Feminism and Christianity, 107-126. Green, J. B. and Baker, M. D. Recovering the Scandal of Cross: Atonement in New Testament & Contemporary Contexts. Downers Grove: InterVarsity, 2000. In other words, miracles might "prove" something, but God doesn't want to overwhelm us - he wants us to believe on our own. From a Calvinist perspective, any teaching which makes God contingent on man in any way negates the supremacy of God. Put another way, who is man to say anything to God? Any choice which man makes for God is the result of an election that occurred ante praevisa merita, and is thus a decision man made long before any person "decided" he or she wanted forgiveness. In such a scheme, to say that God has "already" forgiven you makes logical sense, because God, who exists before and outside of time, would have already made the decision. Any scripture backing predestination thus applies, such as Ephesians 1:4: 

The problem, of course, is that then people want miracles not as evidence but rather for gain. Herod wanted Jesus to perform tricks in order to prove his god-hood, but Jesus would not. 

Canons of the Synod of Dort, in Creeds and Confessions of Faith in the Christian Tradition, ed. J. Pelikan and V. Hotchkiss. New Heaven: Yale University Press, 2003, 571-600. Luther, M. Two Kinds of Righteousness in Martin Luther’s Basic Theological Works, ed. T. F. Lull. Minneapolis: Fortress Press, 1989, 155-164. 

Calvin, J. Institutes, Ch. XI, in Library of Christian Classics. Philadelphia: The Westminster Press, 1961, 89-107. Not all acts of relief require economies of scale, however, so sometimes direct aid can bypass administrative costs. It doesn't matter how good you are, only if God has loved you. Japinga, L. Feminism and Christianity: An Essential Guide. Nashville: Abingdon, 1999, 107-126. Weaver, J. D. The Nonviolent Atonement. Grand Rapids: Eerdmans, 2001. Fundamentally, Christianity doesn't believe that anything you do gets you into heaven. You can do good things, and not be saved. You can do bad things, but be forgiven. Who you are, and what you do is, sad to say, irrelevant. From God's perspective, "even our righteousness is as filthy rags." To believe that our poor power to add or detract is a fundamental misunderstanding of how truly incredibly large God is. Its like thinking that we can use a lighter to break a country out of a cold snap. We're too small, and he is too big. 

Ultimately the best indictment, however, comes from Luke 11:28 -32 

As such, even from the polar opposite soteriology, the timing of Christ's forgiveness would predate any individual's decision. 

A rejection of the divinity of Jesus is a rejection of the belief that you cannot save yourself. Either we accept that we are not able to save ourselves (and hence ask Jesus to save us) or we try to be own our own Redeemer, in which case, we get precisely the Lord we requested. 

And as it says in Hebrews 11:6 

Put another way, even our good deeds in and of themselves do not curry favor with God. Any works we do are done as signs of the fact that we appreciate what God has done for us (John 14:12) and they are outflows of that appreciation. Our works do nothing except signify the transformation that has already occurred. Thus, the question is not "What does God prefer?" but rather, "What makes the most sense.' “‘No, father Abraham,’ he said, ‘but if someone from the dead goes to them, they will repent.’ Tanner, N. P. (ed.), Decrees of the Ecumenical Councils, vol. II. Washington D.C.: Georgetown University Press, 1990, 671-681. Both categories were expected of all believers. 

Miracles do not accomplish what God wants 

From an Arminian perspective, of course, free will is paramount, and the above argument would be nonsensical at its core. As such, for Methodists and the like, the timing of God's forgiveness could be a question - but Osteen in particular isn't Methodist. But, a Methodist would state the obvious - if Christ's death isn't sufficient for future sins, what is? Hebrews is clear that: