The presidential veto powers are not unlimited. In particular, Congress can override it if 2/3 of the members of each chamber vote to do so. This effect should not be entirely unfamiliar to you, as it happens much in the same way with the Erststimme in the elections to the German Bundestag. In that case it does not really matter because the Zweitstimme dominates and the representation is effectively proportional but it's the same logic. That's exactly it, and behind the leaders, member states in general are weary of relinquishing their autonomy in key domains like defense and foreign policy. And it's not a matter of incompetence, EU-enthusiasts are acutely aware of the issue. That's why there have been talks of a common defense or foreign policy for decades now and that's also why the Lisbon treaty (and the failed Treaty establishing a constitution for Europe) created a new “president” function. Generally speaking, it's not uncommon for the details of a constitutional framework to be elaborated over time and to differ sometimes markedly from what the letter of the constitution seem to suggest (the role of the president in the third French Republic is another example). But going back to amend the text is just a lot of trouble and typically not considered necessary. In fact, in 1949, Theodor Heuss asked Konrad Adenauer to provide a list of candidates from which he would choose the ministers himself but ultimately had to cave in and name the people Adenauer wanted. But the president could still, in principle, refuse to name someone and the chancellor would typically seek informal contact beforehand to avoid that. Case in point, in 1953, Heuss forced Adenauer not to (re)nominate Thomas Dehler as justice minister and this time, it's Adenauer who caved in. Even the different weights of the states and the extra weight given to small states (your first reason) are secondary: You can still create scenarios in which someone wins without a majority of the popular vote because of the distribution of the voters. Per the site's own presentation, its predictions are based mostly on prediction markets and indeed, those appear to put Marco Rubio (or even Jeb Bush, who just withdrew from the race!) way ahead of Ted Cruz so there is really nothing idiosyncratic about PredictWise. And prediction markets are based on multiple bets, not on top secret information or anyone's “secret sauce”. But that's really just a rationalisation on my part because neither PredictWise nor the prediction markets it's using are based on an explicit model or theory. Rather, they just aggregate the opinions of their (possibly small and biased) user base (and some additional data sources in the case of PredictWise). This also means that different people could have widely different reasons to reach the same conclusion and maybe disagree on the other candidates respective chances and yet all bet against Cruz and contribute to this outcome without agreeing on why it is so.