Where on Earth can I get something like this?-- is this even possible, or did I just ruin my last bike purchase in a record two weeks? 

How easy are "brifters" (e.g. Shimano Total Integration or Campagnolo ErgoPower) to maintain and adjust as a hobby cyclist at home?-- Although quite a lot of road bikes have them (including even light touring-oriented/adventure bikes such as the Salsa Vaya or Genesis Croix de Fer 10), I have often heard even from competitive cyclists that they are extremely fussy and hard to keep working optimally. How true is this?-- I keep hearing that, for example, long-distance tourers and others focused on dependability avoid them due to their apparent fickleness and complexity. However, are brifters really that unreliable, or are these people just in the "tail" of the distribution of cyclists, those who cannot afford failure in even the rarest of cases? How can I re-shape the fender so that it is not "creased" and not dented? 

If you want to pay the shop to do it, it's not a complex job but fundamentally anything a mechanic does takes half an hour because of the time to get the bike up and look at it, then test ride and return it. So you're looking at half an hour times whatever they bill mechanics out at, plus the $10-$20 cost of the new bearings. 

Doing the work yourself should be straightforward. I find that often I can twist the headset cup and work it out just with my hand, or tap it out using a drift just working round and round tapping the drift with a small piece of wood. Similarly, inserting the new one can often be done just by pushing on a piece of wood resting on the cup, but it's safer to use a length of threaded rod and some big washers or a couple of bits of wood drilled appropriately. The point of that is to make sure you're pushing the headset in exactly true so you don't deform the cup or score the frame. Where on Earth can I get something like this?-- is this even possible, or did I just ruin my last bike purchase in a record two weeks? 

I've got a '70s-era ten-speed road bike with (what I think is) a Huret Eco rear derailleur which shifts well, but for some reason a loud grinding sound emits from the rear of the bike when using the second-smallest cog and riding using this cog feels much less smooth than the others. However, the cog itself doesn't look worn or damaged, and the derailleur tracks quite well. How can I fix my shifting setup so that it doesn't go out of whack due to the cable stop moving under stress? — I've tried putting rubber tape between the cable stop and the frame, but that doesn't seem to accomplish much (as visible in the photo above). 

Of course, since this bike has down tube shifters, some grinding can occur in any gear. Nevertheless, it is very easy for me to trim the derailleur with any other cog in order to eliminate this grinding... except for the second-smallest one: No matter how much I try adjusting the derailleur's trim using the shifter, I can't eliminate this grinding on this one cog and only this one cog. Even more strangely, there is no significant difference in feeling/sound when running the chain on the small chainring as opposed to on the big one.