As J Asia has already pointed out, there really was no change in the 15th century. As to the question of why medieval Norsemen who visited North American were not credited with its "discovery", that is probably largely due to the prevailing attitudes in Christian Europe. John's failure earned him the nickname "John Lackland". The rebel barons invited the French prince Louis to lead them. Through the campaigning season of 1193, Philip was able to make great inroads into Normandy, including the capture (possibly by treachery) of the fortress at Gisors, mentioned earlier. Importantly, however, Philip failed to capture the capital of Normandy at Rouen. The Monastic tradition became established in Ireland in the late 5th and 6th centuries. This also planted the seed of the later problems. Under Brehon Law (the early laws of Ireland), the revenues generated by the monasteries were forever granted to the heirs of the founder. Thus each monastery was, from its inception, an hereditary fiefdom - a microcosm of feudalism. As I understand it, the suggestion is that Brompton has incorporated the quote from Henry of Huntingdon (who was generally critical of William Adelin) into his "chronicle", wrongly ascribing it to William of Malmesbury. The Third Crusade was a response to Saladin's capture of Jerusalem. King Henry II of England and King Philip II of France ended their endemic conflict with each other in early 1189 in order to jointly lead a new crusade to the Holy Land with the goal of recapturing Jerusalem. Henry II died on 6 July 1189, and the command of the English contingent passed to his successor Richard I. As part of the peace settlement between England and France, it had been agreed that Richard would marry Philip’s sister Alice (or Alys) on his return from the coming crusade. Richard in Captivity ==================== However, this did not mean that the two sides did not have any shared interests, or that they couldn't work together against common enemies. As you say, examples of this are relatively easy to find. You mention a couple of instances of this medieval realpolitik in the question: the early Crusades to "rescue" the Holy Lands and the united actions by Emperors Comnenus and Lothair against Roger II of Sicily. The short answer is "Not a lot". We know relatively little about the life and character of William Adelin (or William "the Atheling"). "Post medieval" is often defined as the period between the medieval and the industrial ages. In terms of dates, it might be defined as running from 1486 to 1901. Of course, one other significant factor in the later persecutions was King James I/VI himself. We know that he was obsessed with the threat posed by witches. His book Daemonologie would become a key text in later witch hunts. Alongside this, John's reign saw a return of civil war to England, after the years of relative peace under William. Firstly, given the exhortation in Exodus 22:18 "Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live", we are probably on safe ground if we say that the attitude of the church towards practitioners of "magic" wasn't particularly positive - even before the 15th century.