Constable's Commentary agrees: And in the early 8th century, Bede refers to the Church speaking various languages at Pentecost: Thou shall not slay thy child by causing abortion, nor kill that which is begotten (Apostolic Constitutions, 7-1) To explain God's reward to them in spite of their sin, Calvin continues: The same thing is true of Tertullian's famous opposition to abortion.1 That being said, we do have several examples of both church fathers and later commentators dealing with the passage directly. He felt only grief, not fear In this camp we begin with (a) those who hold to penal substitution, like Adam Clarke, a Methodist (Arminian). He is more uncomfortable than Calvin with the idea of Jesus being "afraid" of death: The consensus among Catholic and Protestant commentators is that the midwives did not sin by disobeying Pharaoh, but if they did lie to him, they sinned. Regarding 2 Timothy 1:7, Calvin argues that the command there is against cowardice, not against the feeling of fear: Matthew Henry summarizes this position, noting the very personal characteristics of Wisdom: Given this translation, it's not surprising that Augustine and Theodoret interpreted the passage the way they did. Theodoret provides more insight, particularly with respect to the case of the "unformed" fetus: If we look at the four gospels, we see Jesus crucified, buried, and resurrected four separate times. The events leading up to his death are similar including four last suppers, four records of trial, etc. Why doesn't this work? Let's look at things a bit more in context (of Mark): Note that Wikipedia mentions that this could be two separate events, but it is commonly accepted to be one event, shared among the gospels. Matthew 16:24 (NIV) Then Jesus said to his disciples, “Whoever wants to be my disciple must deny themselves and take up their cross and follow me. Yes, Jesus might have been anointed twice or four times. But if we use just the tiniest amount of common sense, it seems pretty obvious that being anointed with a $3million oil was not a common event. Therefore, it's extremely safe to assume that this was really simply one event. Regula Fidei A quick definition: And it seems that joy is something we can attain by having the Holy Spirit in our lives: Now, we can presume that he did all of these events multiple times, or we can (rightly) move forward with the understanding that these records are four viewpoints of the same events. Essentially, the Rule of Faith is the ultimate authority that is used to measure doctrines, practices, or beliefs (or other items in Christianity). The translation in question "anything" actually comes from two words: pantos [any/every] and pragmatos [practice/matter]. Another verse that supports this concept: Finally, is the word "joy" a bad translation of the original Greek there? Or should we expect intense happiness (per the meaning of the word in English)? A word study This isn't really necessary for the answer (once I re-read the question), but I'd already written it up, so I'll include it here: This gets a bit more interesting in the Greek. On the other hand, the dash between and and in fellowship corresponds to a similar article that is not translated. A word-by-word translation of that phrase, καὶ τῇ κοινωνίᾳ, would be "and in the fellowship". Yet most translations (the ESV seems to be an exception) make that phrase "in fellowship". And indeed "in the fellowship" sounds a bit awkward to me. The ESV removes both articles in its translation, In other words, as the evangelist is using "Syria" here, Jesus was already in Syria - he was born, lived, and died in Rome's Syria Provincia. The impression the evangelist wants to give is of Jesus' reputation spreading over a much wider area than just the neighborhood he was traveling and working in at the time. The word "the" in "the prayers" is the standard Greek article (in the appropriate gender, case, and number), ταῖς. One would think that the phrase should be translated "in the prayers", as the ESV has it. A literal, word-by-word translation is The word by word English translation reads