I have some points for you to consider: Inter-subjective here means that we explicitely keep our subjective standpoint and reason from our feelings and knowings, not abstracting from ourselves. Inter-subjective, on the other hand, means that we explicitely take into consideration the conceivable needs, thinkings, and positions of others, essentially not asking "can I", but "is it possible to think at all". Hegel himself I will quote secondary literature here, as this is easier than carving it out of Hegel's text and give interpretation and context. Hegel saw philosophy as a science: Long story short: If my willing is dependent on willing the outcome, my willing will only be so if I have an incentive to achieve the desired effect. This means it cannot serve as objective (formal) principle, but is necessarily material and therefore subjective. Perhaps we can imagine a red book, but all we do is using our experiences and putting them together in a way that seems sufficient to get the picture. Imagine the flight with a F-22 in a dogfight with a SU-35S. Will it really be transporting yourself into the situation with all its aspects: the adrenaline, the fear, the struggling with blood pressure, the sensations, the goose bumps etc.? You're getting the point. And what Hegel thought to have accomplished is to present a method that, through its application, is able to get rid of empirical illusions, leading to an understanding of how reality actually is, i.e. to knowledge. Therefore, in this sense, it is Wissenschaft. And it is Wissenschaft der Logik as the knowledge is gained through a very specific methodology he calls logic, although this may differ a lot from contemporary understandings. Peasants have rationality and therefore dignity, animals may have it, but it is hard to tell. He himself, in the spirit of his time, adapts the juridical view that animals in practical affairs are to be treated as things. Only exception being in the Metaphysics of Morals, where he argues that being cruel towards animals dulls your ability to be empathetic, which is something that you cannot rationally want, hence it is immoral (6:443; Part 2 ยง17). And making it categorically immoral to let animals suffer is surely ahead of his time. This holds as an example for every antinomy in CPR. So e.g. civil servants are in some sense "dependent", but they are nevertheless "their own masters", as they serve no one other than the state. (p.108) From that, it is linked to JTB, including the aspects, but a bit different as I take it, too. A further point is that of the following paragraph: