Classic X-bar theory takes all syntactic structure to be binary branching, a controversial assumption. Data like that produced in the question demonstrate why it is a controversial assumption. The example sentences cannot be anaylized convincingly in terms of strict binarity of branching. In my view, this is junk science. It sounds impressive, but it's nonsense. In order to buy into this view of syntactic structure, one has to take the leap of syntactic faith that I associate with much of Chomskyan syntax. I even think many Chomskyans would reject the understanding of syntax that is put forward in the book. The approach is, for example, contrary to basic notions of X-bar theory, in which complements (as well as many specifiers) are arguments. On the approach in the book, all complements are actually predicates. As Ivan writes, the example in the question is indeed an example of so-called right node raising (RNR). I can provide some more background information about the phenomenon. First, note the term itself (i.e. right node raising) is due to Postal (1974), and it indicates the analysis he proposed at that time. He assumed that in canonical cases of RNR, e.g. [You like] but [I dislike] the cheese, that at deep structure, two complete clauses are coordinated. The material that ends up being shared to the right is raised out of both clauses and attached to S as an adjunct would be, but only one of them is realized; the other is deleted. Many linguists who have studied the phenomenon (including myself) reject Postal's analysis, but the terminology that Postal employed remains. (4) Bill deserves giving __ this present (= to be/being given ...) (2) Needless to say, the construction will be trivially impossible, by definition, in any language in which all 'bare NP' time adjuncts must carry overt case inflections (accusative, genitive, dative, instrumental,...), as might well be the case in German, Russian, Polish, Hungarian, Finnish,...Latin (but I am not sure whether, in such languages, literally all 'bare NP' adjuncts must be overtly inflected; maybe some needn't be). [Note that, at bottom, this uncertainty may turn into a theoretical issue, instead of a factual one, because the possibility cannot be discarded that even apparently uninflected NP's should after all covertly carry 'abstract' Case (e.g., whichever the 'default' Case may be in the corresponding language, say 'objective', in English). What's more, of course really 'bare' (here: prepositionless and caseless) NP's will be impossible on theoretical grounds if the 'Case Filter' is a correct principle of Human Language and applies to all NP's. However, even if it is, whether it must apply to all NP's, including (2nd. order) NP predicates, instead of just to argument NP's is unclear to me]. Such issues might make my question unanswerable, and I am ready to delete it if so considered, but my original intention was to leave them aside and just find out what other languages have 'bare NP' time adjuncts that seem caseless at 'surface structure/PF' and which, if any, prohibit them (possibly disregarding German, Polish, etc., if their 'bare NP' adverbials do, in fact, invariably require case-marked NP's, which, as I said, I do not know).