Turn Even if one made a flush I can see them checking to hopefully get it in on the river. If Bryn has an 8 seems like he would bet it. Yes talking to influence action is against the rules and people push it. When he announced the pot size it went over the line. By announcing the pot size he was coaching. That is a rule violation. The dealer said cannot influence action. villain could be on a lot have hands that could improve to beat you villain could have an 8, 5, 67, or any pocket pair that would improve to be ahead AJ villain would maybe play that way but not a likely holding as you have that hand In Omaha you must play exactly two cards from you hole cards Will not accept my own answer. Even if you smash the board then just lead out for like 40% of the pot - don't bet it different than if you miss. You are hoping for a raise. If they just call consider just checking the turn hoping for as bluff. This lets you check some of your misses for pot control. If you only play AA, KK, and AK you will get that every 47.35 hands Round it up to 48 In 120 hands (15 orbits) you will get it 3 times (on average) Against 2 others in shove fest you are 50:50 to win and triple up If you can survive three coin flips (1/8) you are up 20:1 on your money 3*3*3 = 27 but you will have some of your shovers covered Then you can start playing some more hands and the field will thin Flop a royal in hole'em = 1 / 649,740 that is a stone cold bluff or 2 pair or better His argument is commit fewer chips out of position But he also says to only play premium hands out of position You are not trying to steal blinds in early position Problem is you are only going to get called by better hands so you are putting a lot at risk to win the blinds. JJ or AKs might call but I doubt it. In a tournament your goal is to survive more than to accumulate chips. Avoid all-in unless you have a monster as if you lose you go home. A player takes third place in a $20 tournament with a field of 150 players. Ripped direct from the PT4 forums, posted by the mod WhiteRider: (See the whole thread here) I'll give a known ranking procedure and a handicapping example further down. If you believe he'll call wider than 7%, that's great, shoving is +EV. You can't predict the run of hands you'll get in the future so make the most of a good situation as soon as you can! Waiting for other opportunities later in the tournament is a decision I'd base more on experience, as equity calculations make this a straight forward. If you wanted to you could use this scoring system to establish a handicap by judging how players Actually perform vs how you Expect them to perform at random, and then adjust the points they receive post-tournament taking into account their handicap. For example: This is as comprehensive an explanation of what it means as you'll find I believe. Direct from the developer. With regard to your graph, this means that eventually the two lines will converge. In the short term, it's an indication of how above, or below average, your luck is. Pokerstars awards the points to the top 15% of players in a tournament based on this calculation: It seems the "Adjusted" description relates to a calculation involving ICM. That was much longer than I anticipated :D I hope it gives you some good ideas. A player takes second place in your 0 Dollar/Points tournament with a field of 10 players. You award the top 30% of players some points. Here (aside from the answer, rounding all calcs to 3 decimals): "My C Net Adjusted" is your expected winnings based on the difference in ICM values between your actual chip stack at the end of a hand and the all-in equity adjusted chip stack you "should have had" at the end of the hand; for all all-in hands in a tournament. This calculation uses every all-in hand in a STT and final table hands from MTTs where we know the complete payout structure. Hero continues about half of pot, villain tanks. After 20 seconds pass table calls clock. Villain uses his entire time and folds. Next hand, villain again tanks preflop, immediately the same player calls clock, again as we reach the floop the same player calls clock again on the villain. After calling clock 3 times in as many streets of action the floor gives a verbal warning to the player who has called clocked 3 times. So I was playing a live event over the weekend and I had a situation occur after moving to a new table I've never heard of or seen before. Ideally I'm looking for someone with floor experience to answer but if anyone has seen something like this I am curious what your TD/Floor staff ruled in the following situation: Hero opens on the cutoff, villain is on the button. Hero does a standard open, nothing exciting, villain tank calls. We go to the flop, now this is where the situation begins before the flop is dealt, a player not in the hand mutters "He's been tanking all day, it's getting ridiculous", which is followed by several players agreeing.