Of course there is still a wide market for inane manual writers, that's why we have so many completely inane, content-free instructions that are a complete waste of time and provide no help. If that's satisfactory to you, you're sure to find employment with many importers from China or "rebranding" companies. Unfortunately, if you want to do better than that, you're up to face an uphill battle: you need the technical background and if you don't have it, you must get it, no way around that. As you probably correctly imagine this short phrase boils down to years of work. 

This is where the editor should step in and keep asking the writer to explain, clarify, rephrase, simplify, until the non-technically-inclined writer has a perfect understanding of the problem. Then the user will face the same clear, understandable manual and will be able to learn the process just fine. In case of any fancier icons, describe their look only if you absolutely must. Otherwise, try to use actual images. You are welcome to name them too, but the images are quite important. 

It's easy to describe point by point every single obvious element of whatever you're writing about. It's much harder to describe usage patterns, write competent tutorials that don't introduce negative training (teach how to do things wrong) or getting a troubleshooting section to be better than a long row of "contact the service" and simultaneously not get the user killed by trying to rewind the coils in electric motor at home. 

Use italics to describe variable content - not literal quote. Use bold to describe text that is to be typed in by the user. You can combine all typographical conventions (e.g. variable user-typed content appearing on screen). I'd say it's much easier for a person with technical background to learn writing for non-technical audience than for a writer without such background to learn writing technical texts in non-inane manner. The two factors are needed: a deep understanding of the problem and ability to convey the essentials, and learning the latter is much easier than the former in good instruction-writing. 

If you want to present technical data and have an influence on people that goes beyond just reporting the data, then using a natural, conversational style that is pleasant for the reader to read will be of the most use to you. Question 1 - Our brains remember things by association. If you associate the technical data with strong examples or stories, the readers will be more likely to remember the details. Question 3 - You're talking about manipulating people and generally people don't like that. Just write a good book that you would enjoy yourself and don't worry about the rest. If you're trying to get people to believe some kind of propaganda, just tell the truth and let them decide for themselves. And some thoughts - Within the past year or so I've gone through a number of training courses from FEMA and also ethics in government purchasing. These courses were very detailed and full of technical words which were severely overused to the point of becoming meaningless. I still cringe when I hear the word, "applicable." They were dry, boring, mind numbing courses, written by committee and edited by lawyers, and I remember almost nothing from them. 

Longer, unambiguous formats are preferred from the standpoint of being clear, but they take up more room (an issue in a resume, especially when formatting them for a single page) and can look clumsy to some audiences. I'd find out what formats are the most common in your field and use those. While it's unlikely that an "odd" date format will cause someone to put your CV in the "circular file", if presented with two resumes that are roughly the same in terms of qualifications and experience, a hiring manager could easily simply choose the one that looks more familiar and comfortable. Familiarity People are generally pretty good at recognizing different formats, but why make more work for them? It's the work of a few minute to change the date formats to be appropriate and consistent. Formatting I'd avoid dates formatted like "November 2 2013" (i.e., no comma after the "2") because a too-narrow space can make the date hard to read. (Even PDFs don't preserve spacing perfectly.) Using spoken-word-type formatting like "3rd" can be a bit too chatty and conversational in a formal business document (as well as being another opportunity for typos to occur).