www.islamquest.net / Indonesian / Turkish / Persian (Farsi) 

Let’s respond to your inquiry by i.e. stating regarding entering a church for a Muslim as a related example. Thus, in the mentioned item, there could be explained some points, such as: 

Firstly, albeit my answer is not like @Alex A, but I respect his answer (and as a rule of thumb, there can be diverse viewpoints in different individuals). 

In the science of Rejal (Elme-Rejal), it is discussed one by one of it in accordance with the: 

In regard to sneezing and yawning during saying prayers (salah), you should not say any think. Just after sneezing or even after yawning you should keep on your saying prayers. Actually continue from the part of the Salat which you were praying. Otherwise might be it invalidate your saying prayer. 

For further information and to find your complete answer ( regarding the types of rings, stones, and likewise which hand and finger..), I strongly recommend you to see the following links. 

It is definitely not the right approach. While doing sins in private could indicate an inappropriate level of fear of Allah, publicizing sins could tempt other Muslims to commit the same, and it could also indicate an inappropriate level of fear of Allah. The Prophet ﷺ told us that we can all be forgiven, except those who disclose sins that Allah has shielded from others: 

Ibrahim ibn-Sa'ad through Al-Zohry through 'Aamer ibn-Sa'ad through his father Sa'ad ibn Abi-Waqqas 'Abdel-Raziq through Ma'mar through Al-Zohry (then no companion mentioned) The first chain is continuous to the Prophet, but in Tahdhib Al-Tahdhib, Al-Asqalani mentions that Ibrahim ibn-Sa'ad was young when he listened to Al-Zohry, and that this chain (Ibrahim ibn-Sa'ad through Al-Zohry, in general) is not considered strong due to Ibrahim's memorization at the time not being at the level required. The same opinion was voiced by Al-Mizzi in Tahdhib Al-Kamal. Ibrahim ibn-Sa'ad, in general, is considered strong, even through Al-Zohry, long as he is not the only narrator in his layer. 

Note that there are two additional types of mursal related to the companions, and they are also generally accepted as authentic. There are lots of hadiths where there are two or more companions in the narration chain, especially noted with Abdullah ibn 'Umar and 'Umar ibn Al Khattab, e.g., the hadith of Islam, Īmān and Ihsān, or the hadith about deeds being by intentions. This case is also when the companion starts the narration by: "The Prophet prayers be upon him said ...", instead of, for instance, "I heard the Prophet prayers be upon him say ...". This applies to the companions that narrated the hadiths of the Prophet through another companion, or those who saw the Prophet but did not hear from him directly (e.g., Abu Umama ibn Sahl) and narrated their hadith's through another companion. I am assuming, though, that you are not asking about these types. 

The narration specific to the hadith in Sunan Ibn Majah, though, has Hisham Ibn 'Ammar in its chain — who is trustworthy, but in his old age his memory became weak, so this hadith narration chain is graded Hassan. 

The hadith has two chains of narration: 

The conclusion is the hadith is very weak, without even having to dig into the "named man" to see who he was (which it is thought to be 'Abdul-Rahman ibn Zaid, who is also weak). For your information, there is another hadith that can be found in multiple books of hadith with the same opening statemen (see Sunan Ibn Majah, Book 1, Hadith 229), but it is also a weak hadith. 

Accordingly, it could be counted as an accepted hadith as a miracle of the apostle of Allah (peace be upon him and his family). Even there is another similar narration which has narrated concerning Imam Hussein (a.s.) which has mentioned in short as below 

By paying heed to the above-mentioned items, it seems that you’d better leave doing that. Since it can have negative effect you unwanted. And even it can be considered as a confirmation of them (if you attend there or other similar places such as temple…) and these points could be the same for getting sweet for them as well. Besides, you are not aware if that eatable thing would be definitely halal as you get it from a non-Muslim person. Therefore we ought to behave somehow not to confirm them or their acts as non-Muslim. 

In the science of Rejal (Elme-Rejal), it is discussed one by one of it in accordance with the: 

Since as far as it is a famous saying between majority of Muslims, in the common condition it couldn't be counted as a haram practice. Besides as much as I searched, I didn't find any related issue concerning its Hormah (Hormah means being haram). Then I assume you cannot find any verse or even any authentic hadith regarding its Hormah. 

14 centuries have passed after the death of the last nabi. The technology changed a lot, lives of people have changed greatly. Because of that, we are in complete dark in some matters. Cloning is one of them. 

When a new rasul&nabi (messenger&prophat) arrives, he receives a Book from Allah in which there are rules to arrange the social life and relationships between people. After the death of that nabi, new and unseen problems start to occur in the society which are not clearly described in the previous Books of Allah. People stay in dark until a new nabi arrives and rearranges the social life according to the new conditions. 

Cloning is new to humans. I will be easier and more common in the future. This is inevitable, it will be a fact of our lives. We feel some great problems in it. We need to be cautious. We don't know what future will give birth to. But, it is best not to make claims like "it is haram" or "it is halal". Allah forbids it: 

If we are understanding 33:40 and 40:34 correctly, there won't be any more nabi arriving anymore. So, we won't be able to receive perfect solutions from Allah to solve our problems. In this case, we should try to solve our these kind of unclear problems according to maroof (common sense). 

In my opinion, cloning is not good. It will probably disrupt the balance in nature. Evil people will may make human farms in far future. Rich people will clone healty and beautiful children, so a different kind of the racism and social class differences between people will start to appear. 

But we can't say that that it is haram, because we don't have proof or enough knowledge to state so. All the current fatwas are jumping to conclusions from ayats that are actually irrelevant of the topic. Cloning will sure may have some good points too; like producing more animals in a state of drought or scarceness. But also, having good points does not guaranty something to be halal - e.g.; alcohol is haram despite having some good points.