I think you need to try to understand that having quality standards is what makes Stack Exchange sites better than competing sites like Yahoo! Answers. The communities have a say in what goes into the FAQ, they make the content, and they elect the moderators. If there's a specific question that gets closed that shouldn't be, the community has the power to override even a moderator's decision and reopen it. In short, I don't think any kind of perceived recognition is the primary reason for close voting, as the majority of the close votes I've seen are on questions that actually need to be closed. Unless this changes dramatically, I don't see any reason to change what little recognition/blame people do get for voting to close. Based on what? Citations please. If a post is flagged as "not an answer" I typically look at the date to see if it's fresh or not. If it's a really old post I usually just delete it from the flag page (using the handy "delete post" link). If it's new, I'll often go to the post and leave a comment saying that they should have posted a new question. This takes a little more time, but it's friendlier to new users. I would like to see the following information: This also applies to unread inbox items notification: Also worth to mention that unlike the timestamps on the site itself, in the email they have no tooltip with the absolute time. I've just noticed the suggested edits count on Meta: Winter Bash seem to attract lots of attention and I see many users wearing all kinds of hats. When it's over, the hats will of course disappear however I think that adding usage statistics to the official blog post will be a good thing just to... well, just to have statistics. I think the most fitting candidate for the link is the question time stamp: I know it was already suggested to lock edits and similar solutions, but I suggest whole different approach: instead of auto rejecting the suggested edit, dismiss it, i.e. cancel it like it never existed same way a bounty can be revoked by moderator. Is it possible to show alert (on top, like the alerts for new badges for example) for users with 0% accept rate when they log in, with text like "Please improve your accept rate" and link to page explaining how and why? Total hats being actively worn all across the network: grand sum and maybe even how many of each type and for how long. (Kind of "popularity meter") Leaderboard showing all sites with more than 100 hats and top 10 users on each of those. Worth to mention that previously (before the overhaul of the email notifications) there was no timestamp at all. The time stamps were correct in the time when the email was sent, but now they are pretty much useless. Same top bar. But different colors! Consistency broken. Well, you can also remove it from within the box itself by clicking the highlighted star: I'm not talking about adding live stats like already asked before, but rather adding this after there are no more hats so that we can reflect on that and tell our friends "See, we were part of this!". (Bonus bug: the reCAPTCHA box is a bit too wide for the expanded "Sign up using Stack Exchange" container.) Once you confirm the email, the resend link disappears so you know the subscription is set up: The email for getting notifications can be changed by clicking the "preferences" tab in your profile. After entering a new email address, the "Save email settings" button becomes clickable: Of the two, I prefer the first as it minimizes surprise. I think it would be more clear what was going on if the units remained the same, but the values were presented differently: You can subscribe to the weekly newsletter from the "edit" tab of your profile. If you click the option and save, the next time you visit the edit page before confirming your email you get this message: Automatic edits that are quietly applied without history are, in my opinion, A VERY BAD IDEA. (See for instance the myriad examples of cell phones humorously changing the meaning of a text message in the broken belief that the user would rather have their spelling corrected than send exactly what they entered.) This particular "feature" is mild since it applies to just one character in one location and the automatic change is mostly harmless. But the principle is unaltered. Based on what? Citations please. Link-only answers shouldn't get an automatic delete vote. If they should, then this could be scripted. When you go to /review the note under Low Quality Posts says "Identify, then improve or delete low-quality posts." You always have the option to improve the post by clicking 'Edit' instead of delete. That's what closing is. You can revise it using the tips from the comments, then five votes from the community (or one from a moderator) will reopen your question. The question doesn't show up at the top of the results, and this is even after I added the feature-request and reputation-graph tags to my question. If a post is flagged as "not an answer" I typically look at the date to see if it's fresh or not. If it's a really old post I usually just delete it from the flag page (using the handy "delete post" link). If it's new, I'll often go to the post and leave a comment saying that they should have posted a new question. This takes a little more time, but it's friendlier to new users.