It starts from definitions and axioms and makes deductions from the axioms. It is not necessary to go out, to draw lines and angles and to measure real geometric figures. Of course, we cannot check whether Greek gods really exist and if yes, whether they actually have this capability. In addition, today there are no followers of Greek gods any longer, who would support the claim about predictive power :-) Historically this was a great problem in the beginning of the 20th century. The solution came up with quantum mechanics (Bohr, Heisenberg, Pauli, Dirac). That's quite a different theory. Its enhancement as quantum electrodynamics is one of the best theories we have today. Quine's opinion concerning the predictive power of Homer's gods: Quine does not make any quantification of the predictive power of Homer's gods, notable he does not quantify the degree of their predictive power. He prefers physical theories to explain our expericence - but that's what everybody would expect him to do. And he states that both concepts physical object and Homer's gods are theoretical concepts. I am curious what you mean by “a science based moral code”. The first European classification of sciences is due to Aristotle, notably in his work Metaphysics. On the first level he distinguishes theoretical, practical (e.g., ethics, politics) and producing sciences. On the second level he distinguishes, e.g., three kinds of theoretical sciences. They are classified according to their subject (Met. VI, 1026 a13f.): All models leave open the question how and why the world is as it is according to the model. A final question from metaphysics therefore asks „Why is there something rather than nothing?“, see http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/nothingness/ I do not know a well-known scientist who at the same time is a professional philosopher. Ad 1. Hindu mythology considers the world as an infinite sequence of creation, existence, and destruction. The model is sometimes illustrated by the cosmic dance of Shiva. Differently, each of the three phases is attributed as a seprate task to the three main gods Brahma (creator), Vishnu (preserver) and Shiva (destroyer). Model 1 has been picked up as a hypothesis by the German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche under the title „eternal recurrence” in central parts of his philosophy.