There is potentially evidence for the book of Matthew in a few fragments, but the dating of it is a matter of debate. The original, cursory examination gave them a date of the forth century, but a later examination gave them a date of A.D. 66. Early fragments: John Ryland manuscript 130 A.D. in Egypt; Bodmer manuscript containing most of John's gospel 150-200 A.D.; Magdalen fragment from Mat. 26 believed by some to be within a few years of Jesus' death; Gospel fragments found among the Dead Sea Scrolls dated as early as 50 A.D. 

Opposing understandings include: And further assuming that God loves us, and is good, and knows what's best for us... To muddy the waters, the first four books of the New Testament are called "the Gospels". Each is an account of the life, death, and resurrection of Christ told from the perspective of one of the disciples, who knew Him personally. (Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John) 

On 1 February 2012, I debated Bart Ehrman at UNC Chapel Hill on whether we have the wording of the original New Testament today. This was our third such debate, and it was before a crowd of more than 1000 people. I mentioned that seven New Testament papyri had recently been discovered—six of them probably from the second century and one of them probably from the first. These fragments will be published in about a year. This may be redundant, but from a Sola Scriptura/Biblical Literalist/Protestant/Evangelical/Fundamentalist view... 8 So the Lord scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth: and they left off to build the city. 

While this isn't explicitly stated in Scripture, it makes sense in context, where Nicodemus had just asked how he could re-enter is mother's womb to be born again. The idea of natural birth was clearly in the context of the current conversation. And of course, labor begins with the water breaking. Getting back to the distinction I mentioned in the first few sentences of this answer... 

The instructions on how husbands and wives are supposed to love and respect each other in Ephesians 5, for example, will strengthen the relationship of anyone who chooses to follow them, regardless of whether they are Christian or not. Similarly, advice to love our neighbors (and our enemies) as we love ourselves will benefit anyone. Most strife in relationships is caused by selfishness on one or both parts. Two completely selfless people, devoted to loving each other as God intended would have nothing to fight about. (Of course, there is no such thing as a completely selfless human being.) 

11 And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech. 7 Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech. The people saved in the New testament didn't have the Bible. It wasn't completely written yet. They were taught what would later become Scripture. So it is possible to become a Christian without having someone physically open the Book. 

I don't know that we should necessarily expect the early Church to refer to the four "canonical gospels" in that way. The way canon was established was at least partially on establishing what the established, trusted writings were. The best we could hope for is to establish whether the first century Church accepted these writings, and whether they interpreted this to mean that these four, and only these four are acceptable as canonical (thereby excluding others. For that, we have no evidence, but that is more likely because it wasn't until later that they became concerned with formally establishing canon.