If Bob has a definitive proof of his conclusion it outweighs Alice's collection of experts. But if Alice and Bob are both drawing conclusions based on similar types of arguments, then Alice's is stronger than Bob's. They aren't just comparing two opinions here --rather, they have agreed to take the consensus of relevant experts as supporting evidence for a conclusion, and that consensus is significantly stronger on one side than the other. As far as old evidence --once again this makes intuitive sense to me: If you have a piece of evidence prior to creating a theory then you're not really demonstrating any added value by predicting that fact. You would need to predict something new. So it is not the case that science and mathematics are necessarily opposed to religion. What gives them the appearance of being so is the fact that the successes of modern science and technology have led many people to believe that rational physicalist explanations can be found for all phenomena. It's worth noting, at this point, that there are those who don't consider even a rational physicalist universe incompatible with a deity, in principle. As covered in your post, according to all the typical measures by which we --as lay people --judge science, there appears to be a solid scientific consensus that global warming exists. However, it is true that most of us take most of science on testimony. The question for your interlocutors is what skeptical argument are they raising that doesn't apply generally to science. (How do we know the sun is a giant ball of gas at a great distance in space? How do we know nothing travels faster than light? How do we know a neutral carbon atom has four valence electrons? Most of us are not in a position to evaluate any of those claims directly.) If they are not willing to believe that all science is just a vast conspiracy, then they owe you a (non-political) explanation for why their standards of proof are so different in this one particular case. If that evidence was less than sure, it would reduce the probability of your theory being true by the same amount as your theory was committed to E. For a real world example, many schools are shifting to a data-driven approach to learning, based on statistical analysis of educational outcomes. However, one might argue that the really important things to pay attention in education to are the outliers --the successes or failures that lie outside the realm of statistical probability. b. That Heisenbergs Uncertainty principle applied to time & energy seems to imply creation of energy is a standard popular interpretation, however I find this problematic given just how important conservation principles are in physics. Its also rife with philosophical interpretational issues. Taking Heisenberg principle seriously as uncertainty (which is how it was originally thought up) means you cannot be certain as to what energy is available in that time-frame. To ask for conservation at all times means that quantum reality has definiteness - and it is not clear exactly how this happens, if at all - at least in traditional frameworks like the Copenhagen explanation or its modern update Consistent Histories. One might adopt such a paraconsistent logic to model epistemological truth where what is known may be in conflict with each other, so boundaries between domains of knowledge need policing. One might then argue that this is knowledge as represented to us, not truth in itself. This leads us into the deeper waters that Feyerabend is pointing out. If one adopts the principle that the Jain philosophers expounded on, anekantevada, or more than one point of view as being absolute, in a similar sense that Wittgenstein said of the logic being the limits of our world and not the world, then inconsistent logic is inevitable; Feyerabend took his at least some of his cues from Hume and Kant who placed logic in the realm of human knowledge, as opposed to being a property of the world itself. In another excerpt from that document, this time clearly showing some instrumentalist-leaning concerns: We have confidence in scientific theories, not unshakeable convictions in our knowledge of their certainty. I am beginning to work through After Finitude and am finding it difficult to grasp exactly what his critique consists in; it feels like there is a considerable degree of finesse here. I am basically trying to establish a concise statement of his criticism, including some help putting correlationism in context. Even in its heyday many philosophers who on either doctrinal or sociological grounds can be grouped with the logical empiricists did not see themselves that way. We should not expect philosophers today to identify with the movement either. Each generation finds its place by emphasizing its differences from what has gone before. But the spirit of the movement still has its adherents. There are many who value clarity and who want to understand the methodology of science, its structure, and its prospects. There are many who want to find a natural home within a broad conception of science for conceptual innovation, for logic and mathematics, and for their own study of methodology. And importantly there are those who see in science a prospect for intellectual and social reform and who see in their own study of science some hope for freeing us all from the merely habitual ways of thinking “by which we are now possessed” (Kuhn 1962, 1). These are the motives that define the movement called logical empiricism. As Twain might have said, the reports of its death are greatly exaggerated. Now, if we are granting that we are in someone's ancestor simulation, it is certainly possible that we may run into certain limits "hardcoded" by various parameters of the simulation -- an example might be that there could be clauses in the simulation programming designed to identify civilizations that begin to develop the ability to simulate, and take some in-simulation action based on those events (which could include just about anything up to and including triggering the termination of the simulation, etc.)