Humanity cannot make the required satisfaction Anselm next addresses the issue of man's attempts to repay God. Good works cannot repay the debt, because God created man "out of nothing" and is his Master, and a slave's obedience to his master is expected: Some also see significance in the fact that heroes like Jacob (Gen. 29), Moses (Ex. 3), and David (1 Sam. 17) were shepherds, while a hunter like Esau (Gen. 25) is not exactly a model citizen. Similarly, Rebecca is rewarded for treating animals well (Gen. 24:19). Abraham is rewarded after he separates his herd from his nephew's to relieve overgrazing (Gen. 13). We need to be cautious not to take such examples too far, however, because they could be mere coincidence, or reflections of the importance of animals to agrarian economies, rather than indications of God's moral standards. Boso appeals to Galatians 5:6 ("faith which operates through love") and Ezekiel 18:27 ("if the wicked man turns from his wickedness and does what is right"), that faith is the means of obliterating wicked acts, but Anselm reminds him of the assumptions made so far in the argument: that, so far, Christ and the Christian faith do not exist. Anselm's satisfaction theory of the atonement is developed in his book, Cur Deus Homo, and, as presented, is not "based on the Bible" like we might expect. Instead, Anselm relies heavily on logic, and largely avoids citing Scripture to make his case. The Spirit is also presented in parallel with human persons (the Apostles) in Acts 15:28: Other personal activities performed by the Holy Spirit include: The word "another" in this verse, plus the application of the same Greek word for Helper (parakletos) to Jesus in 1 John 2:1, further establishes the personhood of the Holy Spirit by indicating that the Holy Spirit's role mirrors that of Jesus in this significant respect. He will see it and be satisfied; As a result of the anguish of His soul, And the good pleasure of the LORD will prosper in His hand. Years ago, I heard a famous preacher admit openly that on more than one occasion he wondered if there was going to be golf in heaven. Somehow he just couldn't picture life in heaven without his favorite game on earth! The answer which came to him was simply this (and I paraphrase): Why do you think that just because you'll be in heaven, God would of necessity put the kibosh on your having a good time doing something you enjoyed intensely while on earth? Why wouldn't God want you to enjoy yourself in that way? Marshall McLuhan was definitely onto something when he said, "The medium IS the message." You cannot separate one from the other. In Christian terms, a sinful messenger is lacking in spiritual power, spiritual insight, and spiritual sensitivity. Perhaps most serious of all is the sinner's failure to glorify God as much as he could have had he not lingered in unconfessed sin. The (Mosaic) law was given to shine the light of God's righteousness in the hearts of those whose understanding had been darkened by generations of sinful rebellion and restore to a degree the knowledge of good - it was a stop-gap measure to restrain wickedness and school a people in their need for a new nature and a Saviour to purchase it for them, before a true (experiential) knowledge of good could be recovered through faith in Christ. It's conceivable that even to you as an atheist, God has graciously bestowed more wisdom than your close relative A. From your description, I believe you have the correct judgement about the situation - as the Apostle Paul instructed his disciple Timothy: within Protestant circles, is that it is quite legitimate to seek an alternative congregation to attend when it becomes apparant that disagreements over matters of deep conviction are unresolvable. While the usage of the word διάκονος in scripture is discussed at some length, the strongest arguments in favor are the extra-biblical witnesses that there were women known as deaconesses/ministers in the early Church of which Phoebe was a noteable example: Short Definition: I dip, submerge, baptize Phonetic Spelling: (bap-tid'-zo) Finally, there is no explicit biblical example of anyone being 'baptized' (using a wider - ie. non-biblical - definition of the word) by sprinkling. You have to make up your mind whether to read implicit permission for sprinkling by synthesizing other scriptural doctrines, or reject it as a tradition from men. The good news, however, is that With confession comes the cleansing from all unrighteousness of which John speaks in his first letter (1:9). Yet He Himself bore the sin of many, And was numbered with the transgressors; The second verses you cite (Acts 8:15-17) are more germane to your questions, because these verses seem to indicate the Samaritan believers actually received the Holy Spirit's indwelling when the apostles Peter and John prayed for and laid their hands on them. Verse 17 says, False teachers may even lead with truth (in the sense of starting with the truth), and then follow up with a partial truth or a distortion of the truth. The truth with which they "lead" might be straight Scripture. The simple quoting of a Scripture could make all the positive difference in the life of a person, particularly if he or she extracts themselves from the false teacher soon enough! Having said that, however, just as there are always going to be controversial, "grey areas" of behavior within a given community of Christians today (as there was in the first century with the issue of meat sacrificed to idols--see Romans 8:1-9:15 and 1 Corinthians 9), so also will there be differences of opinion among well-meaning Christians as to whose conscience is correct and whose is not, as well as which secular laws and regulations must be obeyed and which may or must not be obeyed.