If it goes check check on the turn and you missed then bluff the river like 1/3. Bet the river if you have a strong hand that you think can get called by a weaker hand. You are not really deep enough to be set mining. But it is close. 

You can still be aggressive if you have the chips but still play for pot control. Negreanu will typically bet out the flop even with a 4 outer draw to apply pressure. Even when he hits he smooth calls a lot. Seems like he checks the turn a lot. I think the answer from Grinch91 is correct 1,929,584 : 1 One hand must have pocket pair and the other is not required to have a pockets pair I get it is boring but play a couple shove fest in the mix and play it super tight. 55, 88 villain totally would have played that way you seriously need to consider that you are dominated here at a 4 outer you are not getting even close to pot odds call is probably wrong - if villain has you beat he/she is going to bet out on the river if villain is bluffing then should bluff again on the river raise or fold and you seriously need to consider fold Texas Hold'em Tournament Rules The accepted answer from Peregrine to fold and wait for better spot is crazy. Even if you got AA the next hand and got two blanks to call your EV is only 4.33. And if you hit you would have 39k in not 70k. 

A queen or a spade on the river you need to fold to a jam. A call also protects you from better draws. I don't see them bluffing the river. 

Turn you still have 15 outs. You are are only a 2:1 dog getting 5:1. You are getting over twice the odds you need to call. You cannot fold here. On the flop pot is like 10,000 and you have 18,000 behind. 

From there his excessive chatter was taunting and intended to disrupt the player. It does not have to be rude. If he had said it once then OK. He was was doing it to break her thought process and that is not part of poker. 

I don't get the re-raise to 5.0M pre flop. What do you think you are ahead of? Villain is not raising there with TT or AK. You should just call and hope for a jack. You are deep stacked. Short stacked you should have folded. Two players holding a pair (1/1)(3/51)(48/50)*(3/49) = 0.003457 = 288.2 : 1 

I think you should bet the flop like 1/2 the pot with top pair and a flush draw you don't have a piece of. If they raise you then you can put them AA or KK. I am just not buying that is the only hands they could be playing here. 

As the cards come off one has to have a full house at some point so that means nothing 

And I know you know poker math but math on shove fest On the flop you are only behind JJ, 66, 22, J6, J2, and 62. JJ probably would have reraised pre flop. I actually like the pre flop open. Play TT+ and AKs like that so they don't put you on on AA or KK when you do that. On JJ I know I am likely behind but it can actually be loser. That pre flop re-raise was not just bad money it ranged you. You should have only done that with like KK or AA but still no way villain puts you on 99 or TT. If had just called that is a very scary board to the villain because now 99, TT, and JJ are in your range. It is a great flop for you - you have 6 outs and fold equity. Bet 1/2 the pot on the flop and it still cost you less than the pre flop re-raise that did zero for you. On the turn you pick up 4 more outs for a total of 10 and you pick up more fold equity. I fire 1/2 the pot again. No way a sane AA or KK pushes as you have shown too much strength on an even a more scary board. Say river is a blank it would take balls to fire again. But you can fire 1/4 the pot on any scare card - 6,7,8,9,T,J,Q,K like you want a call. At best you will get called and you still have like 12.8 behind. If you hit any of your 10 outs then push (you have like 17.2 behind in a pot of 17.6). It can look like bluff and you might get looked up. As scary as it is I think you have a positive EV on that flop if you just call pre flop. For sure I think you have a positive EV when you improve on the turn.