This link talks about the Titles of Nobility Amendment, the 27th Amendment, and ratification quorums. 

The more interesting question comes when you count the 3/4 of the states that need to ratify it. Two amendments in particular have raised questions. 

To help a mortgage lender know what a reasonable loan to extend on a property would be (most banks will not lend more than 95% of the value of a property) To help governments figure out how much property tax would be do. For a government acquiring property, neither situation applies, so there is no need to assign an actual value. So, again, it really boils down to "How much can we get for as little give as possible." 

First, the 27th Amendment initially only needed 10 states to ratify it- but it languished so long that for years it just sat. Over the years many states ratified the "no congressional pay raise without an election amendment" as a protest, but when Michigan passed it in 1992, it became the 38th state to do so. 

It's haggling, pure and simple. I doubt there was any analysis done at all, except "Can we afford this?" and "Does this seem like a good deal?" 

We know this thanks to a recent quantitative study, which found that cities with sit-in protests were much more likely to desegregate than otherwise similar cities (all else equal). In fact, protests were so effective that even neighboring cities were more likely to desegregate. 

Like the comments above indicate, inspection wasn't a concern -- there weren't any worker protection laws for the mill owners to break. 

And from the other side, the anti-federalist Brutus papers: 

There are a lot of behind-the-ear headphone/microphone combos, but that's not quite what you're asking about. The first dedicated behind-the-ear headphone I found was Simeon Schreiber's 1988 "Bone Conduction Audio Listening Device and Method": 

In short, wagons were less efficient than other modes of transportation, and so they were used wherever canals, railroads, and steamboats didn't reach. Isolated farmers would still be using wagons to get their goods to market until motor trucks displaced them once and for all. 

For reference, here are some documented quotes from him about how he believes the USA operates. Both in outlook and vocabulary, they don't seem similar at all to the one you have. 

However, once England was under threat, that's a whole different ballgame. They were at the time the US's biggest ally and trading partner, which gets the Hamiltonians wanting intervention. The Nazi/Fascist takeover of the democracies of the continent had the Wilsonians wanting intervention. However, getting a consensus for actual military action would take either a threat to the homeland to get the Jeffersonians on board, or some kind of attack on the US to get the Jacksonians on board. 

There was a large block of very conservative southern Democrats who were dead set against the entire Civil Rights package, and for every such bill there was an attempted filibuster in the Senate. Senator Sam Earvin (D-NC) made what became a typical argument that it violated the principle of States' Rights. In other words, States should have the right to oppress a certain class of their citizens if they so choose without interference from the Federal Government. This is how the "States' Rights" argument in that era became a proxy argument for the upholding of Jim Crow.