The major league rules (page 16) state, "A FORFEITED GAME is a game declared ended by the umpire-in-chief in favor of the offended team by the score of 9 to 0, for violation of the rules." As for the number 9 - it seems to relate to the number of scheduled innings played out in a professional standard 9 inning game. For softball and little league, for example, the score would be 7-0 since those games schedule only 7 innings of play. I also found something that said that in the event that the forfeiting team is trailing in the score, the score will remain as-is. So, if the team that had to forfeit was behind, say 5-1 - the final score would be recorded as 5-1. I believe the "9-0" score is the rule for games that are forfeited and never begin playing out or where the score is tied. According to the official MLB rules, I believe pitcher B would be credited with the win in the second game because of the fact that the starting pitcher only went 3 innings in that game. In the case of Callaspo it's more than just the low strikeout rate - he's also a switch hitter which gives him a good righty/lefty matchup at the plate. Grant Green is/was not a switch hitter. The A's love having switch hitting batters in their lineup. They also have switch hitters in Coco Crisp, Jed Lowrie and Nick Punto as well as right and left handed batting platoon spots at catcher with John Jaso (LH) and Derrick Norris (RH) and options in the outfield (Reddick) and at DH (Brandon Moss/Darric Barton). So the A's starting lineup will change depending on whether a right or left handed pitcher is starting. While I've never seen a hit like this declared an infield fly, any shortstop would've caught this ball without much effort under normal circumstances. Looking at those pitchers directly, we can see that Bruno Haas didn't get the win as he has no career wins. Bill George pitched in 13 games that year and gave up 89 walks, 22 wild pitches and 14 hit batters. I have no idea how he got the 3 wins that he did. In this game, Lefty Gomez gave up 11 walks and got the win (in a shutout, no less.) As viewable here, there have been three 9-inning games in which 16 walks were given up, but I can't find the box scores to those particular games. but all of those were losses. Well, here's is what a comment in the official rules (pdf) says: EDIT: Here is a video of another infield fly that is similar. EDIT AGAIN: This analysis from Harold Reynolds, with other examples, states why it was the correct call. George Van Haltren had a pretty decent record that year, but again, I can't find box scores, so I don't know if he recorded the win or not. There are a couple of games where 13 walks were given up, but those were in extra innings, so I excluded those from my search. The runner on second had a lead, and likely started running the moment contact was made (perhaps started running earlier, if the hit and run was on). The batter has to pivot before he starts moving towards first, and doesn't get a lead. The position of the other infielders matters. The third baseman may not have been in position while the first baseman was. The first two points above combine to mean that when the pitcher gets the ball, the runner on second is much closer to third than the batter is to first. Thus, if he throws to third the runner may be safe anyway. Throwing to first is almost a guaranteed out - although the risk of a wild throw is higher, it's still pretty low for most infielders and pitchers. They practice this a lot. You'd also need a very fast runner to beat out a throw to first in most infield grounder situations. There is a force out at third. Throwing to a closer base is generally safer. Getting an out at third would probably have prevented at least one run from scoring. But, it's important to consider these factss: For the third issue, if the third baseman was also charging the ball, then he would not have been in position to receive the throw at third and thus get the out. The first baseman would have been moving towards first as soon as the ball was hit and he recognized it wasn't coming his way, so he is going to be there, ready for the ball. The pitcher should check third if he has time, but if there's a fast runner or the ball was a slow roller, he may be concerned about missing both outs if the third baseman isn't there.