The examination procedure then was hardly different from today: the decision whether a candidate qualified for even taking the exam is based on the works submitted. In early 1907 Hitler was one of 112 candidates who would take the admission tests: he set out with a pile of drawings, convinced that it would be child's play to pass the examination. He passed this first part of the test and was admitted to the drawing exam [...] 

I am wondering whether the remark (made in a casual way after the "official" recoding had ended) should be taken at face value. Do we know anything definitive from Nehru's upbringing or perhaps his autobiographical accounts? And is there a consensus view among historians? With respect to pressure from public opinion in Germany it may be relevant that Rohrbach throughout his tenure seemed concerned about a general lack of interest in the colony's fate back in the home country: this would seem to suggest there was no proper basis for raising a broad opposition, e.g. due to lack of information. Rohrbach mentions and severely critizes General von Trotha several times, although he mentions the "genocide" incident only once in passing and regrets a fifty percent mortality rate. While he exhibits many European prejudices opposite Africa that were typical for his time, I find it very hard to believe that he "was an advocate of eradicating native Africans in order to make room for German colonists", as was mentioned. The following excerpt (allegedly from the June 19, 1904 diary entry) may sum up his views as good as any (again, translation courtesy of Google): 

Speculations tracing Hitler's anti-Semitism back to his rejection by Jewish Academy professors are entirely unfounded: not one of the responsible men during the examination was Jewish. 

For a partial answer, you can work backwards from the birth dates of prominent students. It was customary to start this kind of education after finishing high school at the age of 18: A Benjamin Strasser (1888–1955) did so in 1905.