Q. 654. How do we know that the baptism of desire or of blood will save us when it is impossible to receive the baptism of water? It is because "Pelagius" is the original name of both popes! 1 In an emergency where there is danger of imminent death, anyone (yes, anyone) who has the appropriate intention can baptize, by using the Trinitarian baptismal formula. Did it never occur to Mary, at any point in her life, that she was free of sin? The most authoritative answers can be found in Article 8: Sin of the Catechism of the Catholic Church. It is carefully worded and addresses the questions asked. The following is an attempt at a supplement. Other sources include the Catholic Encyclopedia and the Baltimore Catechism. There are also capital sins (vices), material and formal sins, and internal sins. For example, mortal or venial sins might be internal. But all that's another question. The major distinction is between mortal and venial sins. Christ condemned to death; the cross is laid upon him; His first fall; He meets His Blessed Mother; Simon of Cyrene is made to bear the cross; Christ's face is wiped by Veronica; His second fall; He meets the women of Jerusalem; His third fall; He is stripped of His garments; His crucifixion; His death on the cross; His body is taken down from the cross; and laid in the tomb. I can't find videos of particularly large churches saying the Stations, which I suppose makes sense. Here are the videos I could find: These rules are in place to ensure that the baptism is, above all, performed in a valid way, but also to ensure that it is recorded appropriately. In all other cases, Catholics are instructed to contact their parish. The stations are of course always available, but they are traditionally also done together on Fridays during Lent, especially Good Friday. This is almost certainly what the local church is advertising. (Note that this only concerns who can baptize: not all persons should be baptized. There are certain restrictions regarding the baptism of certain adults, though young children can always be baptized.) So why do we have two popes with the name of a heretic, and a very recent one, at that? Perhaps it is because Pelagius of the heresy himself might have denied important aspects of that heresy: We read in the Book of Job that the Devil received permission from God to torment Job, and that God obliged the Devil to spare his life. Now let's look at how to interpret Canon 1091. Skin, including face replant (autograft) and face transplant (extremely rare) Islets of Langerhans (pancreas islet cells) (deceased-donor and living-donor) Historically, Soþlice was used in Old English which could be translated Truly/Amen/So be it. Blessed Charles de Foucauld (1858-1915) began a program of buying slaves in 1902 in order to free them. For Blessed Charles this was done as a form to encourage adoption. In addition to being adopted himself, he is also one of the Patron Saints of the Adopted in some Catholic circles. Should doubts arise concerning the prescriptions contained in this Constitution, or concerning the manner of putting them into effect, I decree that all power of issuing a judgment in this regard belongs to the College of Cardinals, to which I grant the faculty of interpreting doubtful or controverted points. I also establish that should it be necessary to discuss these or other similar questions, except the act of election, it suffices that the majority of the Cardinals present should concur in the same opinion. (Naturally, the obligation to be at home with young children constitutes one of the “grave” causes that can excuse someone from going to Mass, along with illness, the obligation to take care of the ill, etc.) (Again, this is not a weakness on God’s part: rather, He is so powerful that He does not need to change His interior state, as we would.) This kind of “change of mysteries” would apply on any solemnity, feast, or memorial that celebrates one of the mysteries in the Rosary. A note about Aquinas’ notion of intention In discussing the sacraments, most Catholic theologians use Aquinas’ notion of intention, which would be good to recall. The term intention, which comes from the Latin in (which translates better in this case as “toward” or “into” than the English “in”) and tendere (to tend). Intention, then refers to any tendency toward an end. To answer the question, it is important to understand that Catholics (as well as the Eastern Orthodox and other eastern churches) make a sharp distinction between adoration (or worship), which is directed only to God, and veneration, which refers to the honor given to the saints. Blood Vessels (autograft and deceased-donor) Algonquian and Iroquoian Uses: If the Catholic knows how to make a perfect act of contrition, this would be the ideal prayer to begin with. If not, one can teach it to him or pray it with him. There are many version of this prayer and here is an example: A priest friend of mine, told me there was once a popular belief in the Middle Ages that the Annunciation coincided with Passion of Our Lord. During the vacancy of the Apostolic See, the government of the Church is entrusted to the College of Cardinals solely for the dispatch of ordinary business and of matters which cannot be postponed (cf. No. 6), and for the preparation of everything necessary for the election of the new Pope. This task must be carried out in the ways and within the limits set down by this Constitution: consequently, those matters are to be absolutely excluded which, whether by law or by practice, come under the power of the Roman Pontiff alone or concern the norms for the election of the new Pope laid down in the present Constitution.