Another way that a couple might fail to contract a marriage occurs if there is some defect in the matrimonial consent. For example, 

The Code of Canon Law specifies that infertility (as opposed to impotence) is not an impediment to marriage. From the same canon: 

The Glorious Mysteries (those that do not already coincide with a Sunday): 

What happens, however, is that a number of factors may arise that make it so that a marriage was never contracted in the first place. These fall into two general categories: impediments and defects of consent. 

What Jesus showed (literally) in the cleansing of the Temple, and God (metaphorically)* when the Israelites forged the Golden Calf is the passion that we experience when we are face-to-face with an difficult evil. (See Summa theologiae [S.Th] Ia-IIae, q. 23, a. 3, corpus.) 

For example, someone who is already in a previous marriage cannot contract another one at the same time. (Someone in a valid sacramental, consummated marriage can never contract another marriage until his spouse dies.) 

Although Rev. 5:8 indicates that those before the throne of the Lamb have knowledge of our prayers, a possible objection is that the saints, mere creatures, are not omniscient, and so they cannot hear all of our prayers. 

The marriage bond either comes into existence, or it does not. As mentioned, it comes in existence when a couple free from impediments validly exchanges matrimonial consent. It becomes absolutely unbreakable once the marriage is consummated. 

We are not to construe this to mean that God is “passive” or “uncaring,” because in fact God is exactly the opposite: He is so active and powerful that He does not need to change His state in order to care for or be concerned about His creation. To use an image, God is not unchanging in the way a stone is unchanging (cold and passive), but the way a fire is unchanging (always giving out intense heat). He is unchanging by excess of power, not by defect. 

Of course, the Sacraments of Initiation—especially Baptism and Confirmation/Chrismation—should generally be done in one’s own church, but one may receive them in a different rite if a pastoral necessity arises. (For example, it is common for Eastern-rite Catholics to live in an area with no Eastern parishes nearby. In such a case, they could request to have their children baptized and confirmed at the local Western-rite parish. They would, however, still belong to their respective church.) 

(As a historical note, Cardinal Grégoire-Pierre XV Agagianian, the Patriarch of the Armenian Catholic Church, was a serious contender for the papacy in 1958. See the corresponding Wikipedia article.) 

TL;DR The Church condemns contraception—that is, impeding the fecundity of an otherwise fertile sexual act—because it is harmful in various ways to the persons (particularly the married couples) who take part in it. In particular, it places a barrier to the total self-giving that spouses are called to, it dissociates the sexual act from its ultimate purpose (cooperating with God to bring new human beings into the world), and it tends to lead each spouse to view the other as an object of gratification. Moreover, it places a particularly harsh burden on women, who generally are the ones who must undergo treatment to prevent pregnancy. 

There is nothing, however, that can bring God into being, because He exists before all things: not only “in time” (actually, God is completely outside of time), but in the sense that He must maintain all of His creatures in existence, lest they cease to exist entirely. (See I, q. 104, a. 1.) 

Moreover, time in Heaven does not pass in the same way as time on earth: 

The O.P. asks about the Catholic position regarding the “emotions” of God, especially as found in the Old Testament. 

The power (potestas) would include the license (permission) to celebrate the Sacraments in any rite. 

If an Israelite needed to ask a favor from God, he would always go through Moses. Certainly, the ancient Israelites had only a partial understanding of God and His goodness, and so they feared to approach God directly, but this imperfect understanding does not take away the value of intercessory prayer. The intercessory role assumed by Moses was continued by the Levitical priests throughout the history of the People of Israel. (The whole Book of Leviticus describes this role in detail.) 

Therefore, the mere fact that the woman is past childbearing age is not an impediment to marriage—the problem in the case described by the O.P. would be entirely with the man’s impotence.