In the freewill debate, a difference is made between metaphysical/libertarian free will, i.e. where an agent is free to choose among many possible outcomes, and the eventual outcome is caused by the agent, not by prior circumstances, and compatibilist freewill, where an agent is free as long as it is acting according to its own motivations, even if it is impossible for it to choose among multiple future possibilities. 

If someone were to establish beyond any reasonable doubt that ethical principles such as "Killing is bad","Discrimination based on gender, race or orientation is bad","Stealing is bad" are universally true, does this amount to dualism? 

The ability for self observation was used in interesting ways by philosophers. 

Wittgenstein makes an interesting distinction (as a complement to Russell's analysis of the difference): Mystical truths are exactly the truths that cannot be explained by logic, “What can be shown cannot be said”. 

On a more contemporary note, it can be argued that humans are gods to the characters of the various fictional universes they create and manipulate in novels, movies, and video games. And that these universes have some sort of ontological reality, as thoughts embodied in the minds of their authors and in the mediums in which this fiction is portrayed. It is almost an inevitable logical step to wonder if we are not the same? Can it be that we are just characters in some metaphysical demiurge's video game or children's fantasy book series? And that demiurge is herself a character in a higher level demiurge's work of fiction? 

Nietzsche, among others, believed in the doctrine of eternal return, that the universe is spatially finite but temporally infinite, and everything that has ever occurred will occur again, in some sort of cosmic infinite loop. I get the feeling that this is somehow connected to the concept of (causal) infinite regress, but I can't pinpoint the connection. 

The physicalist/materialist world-view is based on the idea that only thing that exists are physical facts about the world. 

I always assumed that reductionism was an inherently materialist/physicalist point of view: If one believed that everything can be reduced to the fundamental laws of physics, then by implication, they only believed in the existence of the physical. 

Berkeley takes this reasoning a step further: Not only is it possible, but it is true of the world. Because we can only be certain of our own sensations (empirical evidence) and nothing else, the only thing we have real knowledge of is our mind, and non mental objects (i.e.the material world) is but an illusion. Other people are disembodied minds as well, and the world outside of human observation is just images in the mind of God. 

From a strictly materialist point of view, Hofstadter's concept of strange loop, and self-representational and higher order theories of consciousness would allow for a machine to reflect upon itself. Broadly speaking, these types of theories assert that conscious arises (or is possible) in systems which have the ability to monitor themselves, or store and process representations of themselves. If a system's repertoire of symbols is complex enough that it can store and manipulate symbols corresponding to itself, then it should be capable of self awareness. All the issue comes down to is the level and complexity of representation that the system is capable of. 

Has anyone held this position? 

For empirical facts, it seems obvious that causality requires a time flow for the concept to make sense: A causes B implies that A happened before B. 

Does the concept of "decision making" have any meaning independently of libertarian freewill? 

More formally any information processing system capable of processing a representation of itself is capable of self observation. The system has to be able to store representations of other systems (in the video recording device's case, images, and in the computer program's case, descriptions of programs, in a person's case, mental images and language), and it has to be powerful enough, in terms of volume of data and/or symbols used for representation, to represent itself. 

Mystical schools such of Sufism, often speak of mysteries that cannot be explained, instead the mystic has to "follow the path" to arrive at the truth, the teachers (gurus, saints, masters, etc...) can only show they way.