1I am aware of the fact that this is a non-issue for futures, since the points for futures tournamets are counted with one week delay anyway. According to 2014 ATP Rulebook, Chapter IX. Emirates ATP Rankings: The Emirates ATP Rankings or Emirates ATP Doubles Rankings period is the immediate past 52 weeks, except for: a) Barclays ATP World Tour Finals, singles and doubles, which is dropped on the Monday following the last ATP World Tour event of the following year. b) Futures Series tournaments that are only entered into the system on the second Monday following the tournament’s week. When I check rankings breakdown on the ATP website then for the ATP Rankings I see (at this moment): Youngest ATP Challenger winners As far as I know, the race rankings are based on the tournaments from the current calendar year, whereas ATP world rankings are based on the tournaments from the last 52 weeks. So the latter includes longer period. How is it possible that a player has more points in the race rankings? Are there different rules for which tournaments are countable for these two rankings? After checking 2017 ATP Rulebook (Internet Archive) I found out that there are indeed restrictions for high ranked players which disallow them playing at challenger level without receiving a wild card. The last ranking in which David Ferrer was in Top 10 is from May 5 2016. If the calculations here are correct, the average age in top 10 from that date was 30.15. If the player with the bye loses their first match, do they still get ranking points for the second round? In the other words, does the player with a bye who loses their second round match get the same number of points as the player who did not have a bye, won in the first round and loses in the second round? 

For singles, the seeding in the tournaments is rather straightforward: We simply look at the rankings and the players with top 8 (or 16 or 32) rankings are seeded. 

For example, this year in WTA tour Kremlin Cup in Moscow and Luxembourg Open in Kockelscheuer will be played during the week before the WTA Finals. Can the points from these tournaments influence who will be contenders at the year end championships? However, on some internet fora I found claims that Zsófia Gubacsi defeated Tamarine Tanasugarn in the first round of 2001 French Open after saving 11 match points. See: 1, 2, 3, 4. What are the rules for WTA tournaments? Is there a draw among highest ranked players - as in ATP tournaments - or does the WTA still use the old system, i.e., the highest ranked finalist is automatically lucky loser (if there is a spot available). Two pages I know that have this functionality are: 

The relevant part from 2015 ATP rulebook: As of 2015, lucky loser in the WTA tournaments is still determined as the highest ranked player. See 2015 WTA Official Rulebook (internet archive): 

Apart from rankings, are there some other conditions player has to fulfill to qualify? My question is whether the rankings just one week before the finals are taken into consideration, or whether the decision is made sooner. Record in Grand Slam matches is 11 match points saved by Helga Schultze against Janine Lieffrig at 1966 Wimbledon. Sources: 1, 2 However, we might still ask what motivated that the rules are stated this way. (Although answers to this might be, to some extent, speculative.) There might be several factors: Another long super tie-break is mentioned in this article from WTA website (Internet Archive). It was 40 points (21-19) from the first round match at 2008 Amelia Island between Mattek/Uhlířová and Craybas/Krajicek with super tie break . 

It does not say how the format/number of players changed before 2003 However, for doubles competition we cannot use such simple procedure. There are ATP rankings and WTA rankings (and, in the case of junior events, ITF rankings) for doubles. However, the players are ranked individually. For example, it might happen that in a tournament player which is No. 1 in doubles plays together with the player who is No.4. If the players ranked 2nd and 3rd would enter the same tournament, which of these couples would be ranked higher? Or is the seeding somehow calculated based on the number of the points each player have gained? 

For WTA, there is a section Most titles / finals at a single tournament in the Wikipedia article WTA Tour records (current revision), which lists 12 titles of Martina Navratilova at Ameritech Cup (Chicago) as the record. 

In short, the seeding is decided based on combined ranking, which means adding together the rankings of the two players (in the ATP/WTA doubles ranking). In case the combined ranking are equal (for example, if players ranked 1 and 4 enter the tournament together and so do players number 2 and 3), further tie-breakers are used. They are specified in details in the ATP/WTA rulebook. Maybe the rules about number of required ATP World Tour 500 series tournaments could explain this? According to Wikipedia: It is mandatory for leading players to enter at least four 500 events, including at least one after the US Open; if they play fewer than four, or fail to play in one after the US Open they get a "zero" score towards their world ranking for each one short. 

For example, in the current ATP ranking the players number 78 and 79 have the same number of points (662). So do the players ranked 80 and 81 (in this case, they have 661 points). 

Adriano Panatta saved 11 match points in his match against Kim Warwick in the first round of 1976 Italian Open. He won this match and then went on to win the tournament. Several sources confirm this as the Open Era record. 1, 2, 3. 4