I've done quite a bit of research about teaching children to read, because we are homeschooling my two daughters who don't read yet, one of which has severe brain damage. With my almost five year-old daughter, we take the approach of reading to her a lot, letting her sit in on her siblings' reading lessons if she wants, and basically letting her direct her learning at her own pace. Last week, after I read one of her favorite books to her, she declared she wanted to read it again "all by myself," and proceeded to do so, only needing help for one or two words per sentence. 

After that point, there is a certain degree of conflict in how to teach reading. The biggest schism at the moment is "whole language" versus phonics. The former is based off the fact that adults don't sound out words, they read the entire word in their head as a pattern. Whole language attempts to develop that skill earlier by focusing on things like lists of sight words. Whole language proponents would say I'm over-simplifying, which I am, but whole language theory is much richer and holistic than the way it usually ends up being implemented. 

My daughter is suffering from gas pains. We have taken steps to reduce them, which were moderately successfull. Still, I'd like to know when will baby's gas pains go away? Start doing something she can help you with near her. Or do it in another room, but make sure she will hear you doing it and come to you out of curiosity. Or just shout at her and *come and see something". By playing I mean actually creating something of of them: a structure of sorts, animals, corridors, or whatever the imagination suggests. This particular scenario of yours is very real, but I think is a very bad example of letting children experience the effects of their decisions. What should you do? Everything works on my daughter (literally everything I or my wife do is interesting), but you may have to make a few attempts on your own. A few things my daughter enjoys: I'll also add that it's important for a child to know how to fail gracefully. Intellectual curiosity requires taking risks in areas you are not already familiar with. If you are afraid to fail, you won't take those risks. I've done quite a bit of research about teaching children to read, because we are homeschooling my two daughters who don't read yet, one of which has severe brain damage. She understands the words just fine, what she doesn't understand is the underlying cause. Kids that age live very much in the moment. Past and present get jumbled in their mind, and they don't pause to reflect on their motivation. 

The ideal age to learn to read appears to be between 7 and 9 years of age, which is when children typically teach themselves to read if they have been read to frequently, the same way they taught themselves to talk by being spoken to frequently. After that point, there is a certain degree of conflict in how to teach reading. The biggest schism at the moment is "whole language" versus phonics. The former is based off the fact that adults don't sound out words, they read the entire word in their head as a pattern. Whole language attempts to develop that skill earlier by focusing on things like lists of sight words. Whole language proponents would say I'm over-simplifying, which I am, but whole language theory is much richer and holistic than the way it usually ends up being implemented. 

My daughter is suffering from gas pains. We have taken steps to reduce them, which were moderately successfull. Still, I'd like to know when will baby's gas pains go away? When will the baby stop feeling pain during bowel movements and passing gas? What are your experiences? When did your children stop fussing/crying because of that? 

Just out of curiosity: at what age is a child ready to play with its first bricks? The light, large, colored wooden ones, like these below? 

I do support learning by experience. Don't touch the over - the child touches it anyway - gets burned (a bit). The cat will bite you if you pull his tail. And so on. 

You should focus her attention on other activities than TV. Watching TV is easy, both for a parent and the kid, I know. But "harder" activities may be more rewarding and most likely are more beneficial for your child and the relationship you have with her. 

What should you do? Everything works on my daughter (literally everything I or my wife do is interesting), but you may have to make a few attempts on your own. A few things my daughter enjoys: