Apart from this, unlike everyone says here, there is a hadith to support this action: It says that "Hasuran" with respect to Yahya (alayhi salam) means he is immune to illegal sexual relations. That is what Allah has made him. It does not mean he refrains from sexual relations with women he marries (i.e. legal), but that he is immune from illegal sexual relations. Thus trial was what lead to the third stage in the Compilation of the Qur’aan. These jurists also argued on the basis of the report "that the Prophet (God's peace and blessings be upon him) did not prostrate during (the recitation of ) al-Mufassal Surahs", and also on the reports that he did prostrate during their recitation, a reconciliation between these implies that the prostrations are not obligatory. Each one of them reported what he saw, that is, those who said that he prostrated and those who said that he did not. Abu Hanifa, on the other hand, relied in this on the argument that the principle is to construe the commands as implying an obligation, and also those reports that amount to commands. are to be interpreted as an obligation or a recommendation. Abu Hanifa interpreted them in their apparent meaning of obligation, while Malik and al-Shafi'i followed the (interpretation of) the Companions, as they were the ones best grounded in the meaning of the command of law. Thus, it has been established that 'Umar ibn al-Khattab recited surat al-Sajda on a friday. He descended (from the pulpit) and made a prostration and the people prostrated with him. On the next friday, he recited it again and the people prepared for the prostration, so he said, According to Shia Islam the exact age of Earth is not mentioned but there are some Hadith that show the age of earth is millions or billions of years. This list is only few examples (like a drop from an ocean). nearly every Iranian has miraculous experiences from Imam Reza a.s. for himself or his relatives. Iranians love Imam Reza a.s. too much. many of people have seen him in dream that he answers to their questions and problems. this is not only about him but about all of the fourteen infallibles. but because the shrine of 8th Imam is inside Iran and easier to access people of Iran go to his shrine and do Tawassul to him. Tawassul means asking one of Awlia to he ask God to God accept our dua. because our sins make a barrier between us and God and causes our dua do not reach God and so not be accepted. people from all over the world come to holy shrine of Imam Reza a.s. and seek Tawassul from his holy soul. Perhaps you think Allah (AWJ) created only this universe and created no humans unless you?! Yes, By Allah Indeed God created thousands of thousands of universes and thousands of thousands of Adams that you are at the end of those universes and Adams. It is clear that usual believers like us can not see the deeds of people. in the different hadith it is said the believers in this verse means the fourteen infallibles and they everyday see deeds of people. another verses says we should not call them dead, but they are alive: They said: "O our father! Ask forgiveness (from Allah) for our sins, indeed we have been sinners." http://tanzil.net/#12:97 Ineed Islam does not say earth is young or has small ages like 5000 or 1000. age of earth is not clearly mentioned as we know. InshaAllah Imam Mahdi a.s. comes soon and scientists can ask him. Think not of those who are killed in the Way of Allah as dead. Nay, they are alive, with their Lord, and they have provision. http://tanzil.net/#3:169 Thus, scholars have unanimously agreed upon the prohibition of building temples such as churches in Muslim countries. They have also agreed that there is an obligation of destroying churches and any other places of worship if they have been recently built. The manuscript on which the Qur’an was collected, remained with Abu Bakr till Allah took him unto Him, and then with ‘Umar till Allah took him unto Him, and finally it remained with Hafsa, ‘Umar’s daughter. (Collected by Imaam Al Bukhaari in his ‘Saheeh’ 4679) The Qur’aan was revealed either with relevance to the events and incidents that took place during the life of the messenger (saw) or that Allah choose to reveal it without there being an incident related to its revelation. About the hukm of the prostrations of recitation, Abu Hanifa and his disciples said that they are obligatory. Malik and al-Shafi'i said that they are prescribed as a sunna and are not obligatory. The reason for disagreement arises from their dispute about the implication of the commands requiring prostrations and the traditions that convey the meaning of the commands. For example, whether the (following) words of the Exalted, Thus we see that, really great caution was taken to preserve this Qur'an. Not to mention Allah also vowed to preserve this noble Qur'an: [Jami` at-Tirmidhi Vol. 4, Book 8, Hadith 2272] It was not only preserved by memorization but also was written down. And extra care was taken to preserve it, compile and standardize it. And really strict condition were placed in standardizing (Four people reciting the same thing!). And the Qur'an that we recite today is the one compiled by Uthman (Radiallahu Anhu), preserved and passed down in original Arabic and not translations. Allah the Exalted says in Surah Al-Azhab: It says that "Hasuran" with respect to Yahya (alayhi salam) means he is immune to illegal sexual relations. That is what Allah has made him. It does not mean he refrains from sexual relations with women he marries (i.e. legal), but that he is immune from illegal sexual relations. One thing we should remember is that among those killed in the 9/11 incident were also innocent muslims. How can the terrorists justify their killing when murder is a major sin? This verse in Qur'an asks muslims not to kill one another or themselves. Then how is suicide bombing or any kind of bombing justified? Indeed they are lying against Allah and the messenger and Qur'an says those who invent lie against Allah are sinners.