Their armoured regiments would break through the defensive line, if they were facing one at all -- making attacks where they weren't expected was a major part of the trick. Then, since the whole division was motorised, it could move much faster than its opposition, many of whom expected their infantry to march. This let them disrupt the opposition rear areas and hence the supplies and command-and-control of the other side. If he had any awards for personal bravery or achievement, they'd be in his biography, so we're left with campaign and qualification types of award. The basic reasons would seem to be that it can't carry enough, not having been designed to lift a significant bomb load, and that there weren't any bomb sights at the time that would enable a single-seat aircraft, flying very fast and probably low, to actually hit much with its few bombs. As a supplement to Santiago's answer, the effectiveness of the Panzer divisions early in the war was mostly based on their mobility and speed of action. It worked like this: Of course, they could not carry an elaborate headquarters with them. The way they coped with that had been an aspect of German tactics since the 19th century. Mission-type tactics consist of telling your subordinate units what you want done, but not giving them orders to do it in a specific way. This simplifies the higher headquarters, and saves the tine needed to prepare more detailed orders. It is very demanding for the junior officers, but the pre-WWII German Army had worked hard on training them, and most of those officers were still in place up to fall 1941. The WRAC association website is less detailed, I'll keep looking. The National Defense Service Medal wasn't being awarded at the time, because there wasn't a war on. None of the other general service or special service medals were in existence at the time. The Junkers Ju 88 was designed as a "Schnellbomber" in the 1930s, when it was believed that a fast enough bomber could not be intercepted. There were short periods when bombers outperformed fighters, because the fighters were still biplanes, and a fast enough bomber can avoid fighters if it does not have to penetrate far into the defended zone and the defenders don't have radar to allow them to anticipate its arrival. He doesn't seem to have been eligible for any of these. Nor for any of the recognised foreign decorations. The Me 262 is faster than the Mosquito, but has to carry its bombs externally, which costs speed and range, lacks an electronic navigation system comparable to the Mosquito, and overworks the pilot by requiring him to aim bombs and dodge AAA at the same time. The Ju 88 did best of the German bombers in the Battle of Britain, and thereafter, but this is because it was a more modern and better-designed aircraft than the He 111 or the Do 17, and was superior to them in both performance and robustness. Hitler might have felt that performance was the key.