How easy are "brifters" (e.g. Shimano Total Integration or Campagnolo ErgoPower) to maintain and adjust as a hobby cyclist at home?-- Although quite a lot of road bikes have them (including even light touring-oriented/adventure bikes such as the Salsa Vaya or Genesis Croix de Fer 10), I have often heard even from competitive cyclists that they are extremely fussy and hard to keep working optimally. How true is this?-- I keep hearing that, for example, long-distance tourers and others focused on dependability avoid them due to their apparent fickleness and complexity. However, are brifters really that unreliable, or are these people just in the "tail" of the distribution of cyclists, those who cannot afford failure in even the rarest of cases? 

Of course, since this bike has down tube shifters, some grinding can occur in any gear. Nevertheless, it is very easy for me to trim the derailleur with any other cog in order to eliminate this grinding... except for the second-smallest one: No matter how much I try adjusting the derailleur's trim using the shifter, I can't eliminate this grinding on this one cog and only this one cog. Even more strangely, there is no significant difference in feeling/sound when running the chain on the small chainring as opposed to on the big one. How can I fix my shifting setup so that it doesn't go out of whack due to the cable stop moving under stress? — I've tried putting rubber tape between the cable stop and the frame, but that doesn't seem to accomplish much (as visible in the photo above). I've got a '70s-era ten-speed road bike with (what I think is) a Huret Eco rear derailleur which shifts well, but for some reason a loud grinding sound emits from the rear of the bike when using the second-smallest cog and riding using this cog feels much less smooth than the others. However, the cog itself doesn't look worn or damaged, and the derailleur tracks quite well. For more complicated tasks such as: The high and low limit screws don't affect the shifting between the cogs - they just tell the derailleur not to throw the chain into the spokes or out into the frame. Theoretically, this is a set once and forget it adjustment. The B screw will keep the derailleur from rubbing on the cogs and should be set on the largest rear cog. If you put in the same freewheel as before though, it also shouldn't change. The indexing adjustment might need a bit of fiddling ( the barrel adjuster ). So, the guy has to come to your place with a well-stocked platform for service, like a Plumber's van filled with bike tools for the beyond 5 minute repairs (which you'd likely be better off learning to do on your own, anyway). And he has to be reasonably stocked for the day for a variety of bikes. On top of the cost of running the van and paying a mechanic to go out to these places, I don't think a shop can reasonably take this class of repairs on the road. 

You know what parts are for your bike. You know what repairs are actually needed for your bike. (1) is highly unlikely -- most people wouldn't know a chainring from a cassette. Given that, (2) becomes hard.