Then, if the match is a league match. 

AFAIK, yes it is allowed to wear baseball protective gear for cricket. 

Law 21 - IPL Playing conditions. 

In a day/night 20-over domestic match between Lahore Eagles vs Karachi Dolphins on 4th December 2012, the man of the match award was given to Atif Maqbool (Karachi Dolphins) and Shahzaib Hasan (Karachi Dolphins). Source 

Batsmen are running between the wickets after hitting the ball inside the ground, the ball was thrown to the fielder/WK, he(WK) then hit the stumps with the ball, all the three stumps were pulled off the ground, but the batsman got reached and the ball slipped from his hand and gone for overthrows, now the batsmen started running between the wickets, now how the fielders will try to run out the batsmen? 

Only the wicket-keeper and the fielders in short leg and silly point are allowed to use the leg-pads in cricket, but the leg-pads used by Wicket Keepers in cricket is slightly big and goofy than baseball leg-pads. Since the cricket ball is more hard than baseball. So, that type of pads are preferred by cricketers. No rules were block them to wear baseball leg-pads. 

You can refer this link for reference, that the cricket board of West indies made the venue decision for the ongoing test against NewZealand.(same for ODIs too). 

Can a player playing as a right hand batsman for a few overs switch to his left hand for rest of his innings? 

If both the teams have an equal number of points their relative positions shall be determined by the following: 

You can also refer this, that the cricket board of Australia made decisions about the venues for the matches which they are going to host on 2014/15. 

If the captain of the fielding side doesn't ask for a new ball, will he be forced to have it mandatorily after a certain point by the match umpires? 

It is an action in which a fielder illegally alters the condition of the ball. It'll make the fast bowlers ease to swing the ball in the air. So, it is easy to bowl reverse swing with (early overs)new balls. 

If a batsman faces the ball with RHB and switch his bat to LHB and missed the ball, now the ball went outside the leg stump according to LHB, is this a wide ball? 

Consider the situation, if a batsman was bowled on a no-ball and the bails were down the stumps then the batsmen are running for a run, at this time, how the fielders will try to run out the batsmen? 

If the runs scored in a super over by two teams were level, how will the winning side be determined? 

Will they go for another super over? If so, how many times will they keep going for another super over while they all result in ties? 

The cricket board of the country which is hosting the series, will discuss with the local cricket boards to decide the venues for the matches. 

You are discussing about the protective gears under the clothes in baseball, ie, specifically about the leg-pads. 

Ref: IPL Playing Conditions 21.10 

Each tournament will have its own playing conditions. 

If the match abandoned due to rain, then the match will be postponed to May 28(reserve day for first qualifier match). 

If 2 or 3 more overs required to win the match means, who will decide whether to extend the match or declare it as a draw? 

d: if still equal at the end of the regular season then the team position will be determined by drawing lots. 

Bowling strike rate means number of balls needed to bowl for a bowler to take a wicket. We can only find the bowling strike rate of that bowler after he takes a single wicket. 

You can refer the ICC Playing conditions for test matches for the punishments on finding and not finding the player(s) responsible for tampering. 

Yes, it's possible to share the Man of the Match award between two players of the same team. 

But, in 2002 ICC Champions Trophy final between India and Srilanka, when the result was not able to find as the minmum number of overs required for DL method was not bowled, the match was rescheduled to the next day. But, the same story continues on next day, then both the teams were announced joint winners. 

E.g. Team A scored 10 runs in 6 balls and Team B scored 10 runs in 5/6 balls with two wickets lost; what will they do? 

c: if following the net run rate calculation above there are teams which are still equal, then the team with the higher number of wickets taken per balls bowled in the matches played that season in which results were achieved will be placed in the higher position