The referee must not compensate for a timekeeping error during the ﬁrst half by increasing or reducing the length of the second half 

The interpretation of this law gives some additional information, although still not a solid answer to your questions. 

The allowance for time lost is at the discretion of the referee. 

The only reference in Laws of the Game, to what you are asking is the following bit regarding the additional time: 

There is no sudden death in football, overtime (OT), or extra time (not to be confused with stoppage/additional time) as it's called in soccer context, is played in two halves 2 x 15 mins. 

What was the final decision in that case and which rules govern that situation? 

I could not find an explicit description of this situation in the NBA rulebook, particularly Rule #8 which governs out-of-bounds and throw-ins. However, it is clearly stated that the ball is out-of-bounds if it's in contact with a player who's out-of-bounds, which the thrower has to be. Thus the ball is not in play until the thrower releases the ball, thus a "sneak-steal" should presumably not be allowed. 

In the case above Lucas Digne gets to the ball first and executes a textbook sliding tackle. A. Valencia tries to get to the ball, before the tackle and presumably wants to step on the ball to stop and avoid the tackle. Unfortunately for him, he's a bit too late (and too fast to stop so suddenly) so his step lands on Digne's foot. The reason it's a direct red, and that he doesn't even complain is due to the fact that he's going into contest for the ball with his studs "high". 

Allowance is made in either period for all time lost through: 

As for a history of snooker here's a useful link. 

It is worth noting that, according to FIBA rules, the player who's given the ball to throw in may not bounce (or drop) the ball inbounds and touch it again, before the ball is touched by another player. In other words if the ball slips out of the hands of the thrower, and bounces inbounds, it's fair game for the defender to take the ball and advance. (see Article 17, Statement 7) 

Interpretation: B4 has interfered with the throw-in, thereby delaying the resuming of the game. A warning shall be given to B4 and communicated to coach B and this warning shall apply to all team B players for the remainder of the game. Any repetition of a similar action by any team B player may result in a technical foul 

So my questions regarding the events are: 

See Nigel de Jong's infamous move last World Cup. 

The judgement here by the ref is that Valencia, at the time of the tackle did not have full possession of the ball and it was a contest for the ball by two players. In that scenario, if you go in to the contest with your studs it's dangerous play (with high chance of injury for the other player) and penalized with a red. 

Example: A4 is awarded a throw-in. While holding the ball, A4’s hand(s) crosses the plane of the boundary line so that the ball is above the in-bounds area. B4 grabs the ball that is in A4’s hand(s) or taps the ball out of A4’s hand(s) without causing any physical contact against A4. 

According to FIBA rules this is clearly not OK; in summary, the rules state it in simple terms that until the ball has left the hands of the thrower it is still out of play and it's the defenders responsibility to stay out of contact with the ball or the thrower. 

What I can say from my personal experience is that the referee will consider two factors just before blowing the final whistle: 

Below is an excerpt from FIBA Official Basketball Rules 2012 (Article 17) 

Yesterday I read about the latest "scandal" at the Olympic games in London, that 8 players (4 pairs) have been disqualified from the Womens' badminton championship due to "not using one's best efforts to win" (the article on BBC). This seems like quite a drastic move by the ruling bodies, and apparently it has caused one of the best players in the sport to quit badminton altogether (reference). 

assessment of injury to players 

Edit: Perhaps the question wasn't clear enough. What I am asking is: 

Relating the success of players from the UK and Ireland to gambling however, is rather inaccurate, in my opinion. I think it's more of a culture and audience thing; as in the more people who know, follow and play the game the more "experts" will emerge. Allow me to illustrate this with an example from football. I believe the early dominance of Latin American nations in football is essentially a direct consequence of the central value football has in these countries. The recent shift in dominance towards the European nations came after the establishment of youth academies and years of extensive outreach programs (especially in Germany :)). 

removal of injured players from the field of play for treatment 

Section II-Ball a. The ball is out-of-bounds when it touches a player who is out-of-bounds or any other person, the floor, or any object on, above or outside of a boundary or the supports or back of the backboard. 

FIFA tried the sudden death concept several years back, it was called Golden Goal. The idea was that the first goal in the OT would be the tiebreaker. It got quite a bit negative critique and this was replaced with Silver Goal (see the same link above), which was a thought to be a decent compromise between a sudden death and regular OT. 

Are the disqualifications justified with the current regulations? Has something like this happened (in this scale that is) in badminton, or any other sport, before? What implications will this event most likely have on the sport, or the Olympic games as a whole? Edit video showing some parts of the games in question: