When he doesn't set the table or help with dinner, simply don't serve him food. Say, "Oh, you wanted to eat too? - well since you didn't do your part in our family community today, I thought you were saying you didn't want participate in family activity" No warnings, just do it. He'll whine, say it isn't fair and make all sorts of a fuss, but calmly say over and over again that everyone has their job to do in order for it to work for everyone to enjoy dinner together. Again, he won't starve if he misses dinner now and again and he is learning an important lesson - He may be a prince (mine is certainly a princess), but even a prince has his responsibilities. In the case of Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, the RL is 8.3 (Scholastic). Again, I remind all that an RL is an indication of what average grade level (in the US) will understand at least 80% of what is being read - and in no way reflects the content covered in any given book. For a book with an RL of 8.3, an eighth grader about three tenths the way through his/her eighth grade year would be expected to understand at least about 80% of what he/she reads. It also may not be helpful as grade level is different in other countries, but there is a more internationally minded answer to the question as well. Anytime she has to write anything - She hates writing and always has. I have a number of methods I use to deal with this with her at home with varying degrees of success depending on the day, but when she is at school, or with others, the result is it all winds up needing doing at home. 

The Lexile scores are slightly different because it also considers the repetition of words as making a text easier to read. For this reason, the reappearance of the same words is also calculated into the score. So books with shorter words, used more often and in shorter sentences will have a lower lexile while books with long sentences, long words and few words repeated will have a much higher lexile measure. Having said all that, there are things you can do to help the "warming up period" be a little shorter for him as he gets older. Just be really careful to avoid pressuring or cajoling. I highly suggest to any parent offering up your opinion about choices once, and then letting them make the choice (unless it is a safety or values thing that you must insist upon - if he isn't into going wild at the amusement park, introducing himself to a specific potential friend, and other similar events - I really think letting it go is the best bet). She is quite proficient with computers otherwise (although we haven't done anything with spreadsheets or with programming). She has actually helped me trouble shoot once or twice with glitches we've faced with her online classes. She is a little too good at navigating things if you ask me actually. So this really is about typing skills (to avoid the hunt and peck method) not computer literacy. Besides, she is growing up, looks good in jeans and slacks and it is just time for her wardrobe to expand in this direction. 

I started by explaining why this is a problem. Since we home school, having such a full schedule isn't as bad as it would be if she also had to do homework in the evenings and is, at this point do-able. However, she would like to add more theater and participate in beauty pageants. She is also interested in trying Soccer. The idea of adding the Soccer to her agenda intrigues me as she does not currently have a team sport and I'm sure there is a lot to be gained from participating in one. Between a combination of talking to Alice about her Dad's idosyncracies and speaking with her Dad about finding more patience for longer and why that was so important for his daughter, we have worked through matters on this front and she is back to herself again and reading like a fiend. Actually, now we have the new problem of helping her have more patience with her Dad's reading of Shakespeare. By continuing to practice and not worry about being "perfect" (and the fact that she can pick-apart her Dad's Elizabethan Accent and he is no longer seen as perfect either . . .). We've been able to move on - plus, the next book pick is his :-) 

At the same time, if the book is about a subject that is brand-new to your child, it may be harder to read than the numbers indicate so for a first foray into a new genre (or topic if it is non-fiction), I suggest choosing books with a score lower than your child's reading level as an introduction. Also, books that are highly sarcastic in nature (Such as the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy) might be a little trickier in terms of the understanding of the jokes themselves.