John Rogers, mastermind of the late and much lamented Leverage, is greatly fond of pulp, in the classic sense — those dime-a-dozen novels which were churned out in the '50s and '60s, with formulaic but rat-a-tat-tat action and snappy banter. You can consume a whole book in one train ride (but you can't eat just one). He recommends the Lester Dent Pulp Paper Master Fiction Plot. I cannot recommend this personally, but I pass it on because it certainly sounds like you could mine it for resources. 

On the other hand, you can't edit a blank page. If you pants the entire thing, you will have a book to wrangle into shape. 

3) Pulp fiction. No, bear with me. 

I say go for it. Write what comes out, write to the end, and then go back and fix it afterward. Just remember that for a pantser, the editing and rewriting are part of your first draft process, not optional passes. 

Just because it spews out of you doesn't mean the plot will work, the characters will be intriguing, or all the questions will be answered. So you will have to go back and tweak, fix, rewrite, and possibly unravel chunks of the story. 

So look into the backstories of your characters and find out something they might want but haven't been able to get, and determine why. That will generate plot ideas which are more organic to your story than anything TVTropes will be able to churn up. (Not that TVTropes isn't outstanding at that kind of thing.) 

Go back to your character sheets, or cook up a few secondaries, and see what their backstories tell you. 

I've seen J. Michael Straczynski credited with: 

Oldest narrative hook in the business. If you can't find even a minor plot bunny in there somewhere, your story needs more help than we can give you. There's even a book if you need it. See also Joseph Campbell's Hero With a Thousand Faces, but that's becoming procrastination more than research. 

If you want them to act in a particular way at a particular time, therefore, you have to invent an accident or accidents that force them to choose between that action and the loss of their desire. 

If there is "comic relief" in a tragedy, it is not really to lighten the mood. It is more of a counterpart, a form of irony. It is also very human. We do laugh in the face of danger and despair. As my mother's family liked to say, "you have to laugh or you'd cry." But the reader does not really need relief in a true tragedy because there is still a heroic arc. Even the tragic hero, the doomed hero, strives as if there were hope, and there is a moral dignity in that that draws us in. 

Of course, B's desire may simply be to frustrate A's desire as revenge for a past wrong, in which case B does not need an accident to force him to betray A (or rather, the past wrong is the accident that forces him). 

Three words: Pride and Prejudice 

That's how you tell the difference. Either the twist is necessary to the story or it is superfluous. Either leaving it out ruins the story or putting it in ruins the story.