As for priests most dioceses have rules set up for the resignation for diocesan priests. here is an example taken from the Diocese of San Diego. In Eastern Orthodox Churches, and Eastern Catholic Churches (which latter are in full communion with Rome), married men may be ordained to any order except as bishops, and one may not marry after ordination as a subdeacon. Clerical Celibacy (Wikipedia). It would not be a surprise to me if some Native American languages have adopted a local variation to the endings of some of their prayers. Being simply a traditional way of ending prayers, Rome would not interfere with a local custom. Here is an example of the Our Father in Quiripi: Prior to the changes to the General Roman Calendar in 1969, Catholics of the Roman Rite celebrated two Feasts of the Chair of St. Peter. The Feast of the Chair of St. Peter at Antioch was celebrated on February 22, and the Feast of the Chair of St Peter at Rome was celebrated on January 18. My guess is he would wear Western vestments when celebrating a Latin-rite Mass. As for his white cassock, I'm not sure. On the one hand that's kind of unique to the pope and in a class by itself, but then again it is based on Latin-rite dress. Our Father, who art in heaven, Hallowed be thy Name. Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, On earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, And forgive us our trespasses, As we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, But deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, For ever and ever. Amen. Into Thy hands, Lord, I commend my spirit. §2. In the collateral line marriage is invalid up to and including the fourth degree. Addendum: The Roman Martyrology commemorates the Feast of St Dismas on the 25th of March! St Dismas is the traditional name given to the Good Thief, who died on the cross next to Jesus at Golgotha. According to the morality of the Catholic Church are there any organs that are not permitted to be offered in organ transplants? I further establish that the College of Cardinals may make no dispositions whatsoever concerning the rights of the Apostolic See and of the Roman Church, much less allow any of these rights to lapse, either directly or indirectly, even though it be to resolve disputes or to prosecute actions perpetrated against these same rights after the death or valid resignation of the Pope.12 All the Cardinals are obliged to defend these rights. Outside the Sacrifice of the Mass and the use of the Roman Ritual, are there any Catholic historical traditions that are have been or are in use amongst the Catholic faithful for the feast of the Holy Innocents (December 28), either within religious communities or the domestic church? One sentence determined his theology: “I am Jesus, whom you are persecuting” (Acts 9:5b). Jesus was mysteriously identified with people—the loving group of people Saul had been running down like criminals. Jesus, he saw, was the mysterious fulfillment of all he had been blindly pursuing. Testis (deceased-donor and living-donor) If the Church forbids us from mutilating our bodies, does this mean that getting a tattoo is against the teachings of the Catholic Church? My question is this: according to Catholic teaching, why are some demons harder to cast out than others? More examples may be found here using an alternative ending to prayers other than Amen, including Token's Quenya language of the Our Father . Does the seventh candle have a traditional symbolism or meaning? According to Catholicism is it at all possible for the Devil to kill someone? If yes are there any historical examples of this being done, either directly or indirectly as through an exorcism or diabolic possession? Wikipedia has a very large list of organs that are commonly used in organ transplants. By virtue of the sacrament of ordination, once ordained a priest one is always a priest! He may resign as a Pastor of a parish, but remains a priest forever. He must continue to say Mass in private and may not get married. If a priest desires to leave the priesthood altogether, please see Dick Harfield's answer to this question. In the Medieval period, mentions of tattoos become more numerous including clerics (such as Dominican priest and German mystic Heinrich Suso (1295-1366) who tattooed the name of Jesus over his heart). - Christian Tattooing Can. 402 §1 A Bishop whose resignation from office has been accepted, acquires the title 'emeritus' of his diocese. If he so wishes, he may have a residence in the diocese unless, because of special circumstances in certain cases, the Apostolic See provides otherwise. Noûshin aûsequamuk terre wérrettepantammunatch wòweztâuonatch kowésewunk Peamoutch' kúkkussootúmmowunk, kòrantàmmowunk neratch sket'ôkke nenar âusequamuk terre, Mèsonah èa kèsuk kónkesekatush noméetsounk, petúkkenêag akquantamínah nomàtchereúnganansh nenar tàkquantaminan ewojek nomàtcherehéaqueàguk, Asquonsàkkongonan rame-re mítchemôuretounk, webe kûppoquohwhèriggamínah wutche madjk' wutche kèkatah kètassootómoonk, quah milkèssowunk quah àíttarwejanúnguesówunk michème quah michème: Ne râtch.