And cant we promise something to ourselves like I will not eat meat? 

See also this, this and this (Arabic) fatwas (most of them are salafi views). 

The meaning from above may apply for water and Rain without any doubt as both come from the sky. Now as it refers to gifts of Allah it can also apply for Garments, Food etc. 

I hope this was helpful, feel free to ask, if there's still something missing in this answer! 

So basically they harmed themselves. And instead of questioning this wrong shari'a kept on following it. 

A first insight can come from these two ahadith quoted in tafser al-Qurtoby (a well known Maliki scholar), where our Messenger (Peace be upon him) explained or gave the characteristics of the best wife/woman: 

To answer the rest of your questions briefly: 

In this context ibn Kathir quotes a hadith from Musnad Ahmad: 

Note that -according the majority of scholars- this title applies only for those women with whom the Messenger of Allah consummated marriage before divorcing them ibn 'Achour here quoted the name of a woman from Kindah called Juwainah which apparently has been married later to al-Ash'at ibn Qais (apparently they married during the caliphate of 'Omar). A-Shafi'i said in a-rawdah it is haram to marry any woman our Messenger married even if it was only by contract. 

I recommend you to read the relevant tafsir in qtafsir. And also read for example the story of the cow (2:67-71) and other stories in surat al-Baqara etc. for examples for the transgression of the Jews, also read in al-Baqara 

Most major sunni hadith (sahih al-Bukhari, sahin Muslim, Muwatt'a Malik, sunan abi Dawod, sunan ibn Majah, sunan an-Nasa'i, Jami' at-Tirmdihi) collections have such commentaries, bu there are also books that don't specify on a single collection for example al-Qadi 'Iyad's "mashariq al-Anwar" is a collection of rather ambiguous ahadith from the two sahihs and al-Muwatta'. There are also Mula 'Ali al-Qari's merqat al-Mafateeh which is a commentary on a hadith collection called meskhat al-Masabeeh ... 

Many people think that we have only one narrated version of a hadith collection, when it comes to al-Muwatta' we clearly learn that this isn't the case. We have at least two versions which are nowadays well known the Version of Yahya ibn Yahya al-Laithi and the one of Muhammad ibn Hassan a-Sahybani (the student of abu Hanifa) beside others like the one of al-Q'anabi etc.. Note that the scholars of the other 6 books didn't relay on the first two copies at all, as both narrators were not accessible (Yayha ibn Yahya after the death of Imam Malik went back to al-Andalus) or are rather less known for hadith both Authors were beside Qadi's so they didn't have much time to teach and move to other places. 

My question is the person whom have been given the signs of Allah and who has detached himself from them a "Known " person our is this verse only a general example, what do tafseer books say about "him"? 

As @afnrf said it's not really clear what is troubling you! But i'll try to give an answer by interpretation the two Verses according to tafsir books: 

So the veil in surat a-Shura is the situation where Allah speaks to one of his Messengers directly, but for the simple reason that his Messenger would be blinded by the light (noor of Allah) he does so hidden behind something which might be considered a veil! Therefore at-Tabari said: and HE will speak to him-the Messneger- (directly), and the Messneger would listen to HIM, but wouldn't be able to see HIM as happened to Musa(). 

Indeed Imam al-Qurtobi in his tafsir commented this verse as follows: 

Let me inform you about the best a man hoards; it is a virtuous woman who pleases him when he looks at her, obeys him when he gives her a command, and guards his interests when he is away from her. (Sunan abi Dawod) 

And here's a long quote from tafsir al-Qurtobi, which i will try to translate as good as i can in several parts: 

If a husband can't spend for his wife and is in hardship this could be a reason for -her to ask for- faskh (divorce) while the Hanafi school doesn't accept this based on verse (2:280), this is based on what al-Qurtoby quoted in his tafsir. The Maliki's and Shafi's say that a major condition of the men being in charge of the women would be void if they can't fend for their wives (financially) ... 

And what exactly will be distinct in this night and why? 

from verse (35:18) refers to the day of resurrection as stated by ibn Kathir: 

See also this fatwa for more information. 

Note that the following verse starts with: 

Yeah they are bearing the burden of these people due to the fact that they followed their "self-made shari'a" instead of Allahs shari'a which was described one verse earlier (6:145)! 

Therefore some scholars say this is the reason why this home is weak. Its weakness isn't a material weakness because the material of the web is one of the strongest in nature. A synthetic copy of it is known as Kevlar. But the weakness mentioned here is the lack of peace, mercy and love which makes a good and strong home according to the Verse 21 in Surat Ar-Rum (Surah 30).