Gold is a strong metal. They use gold alloys for fillings. Gold does not rust. As a frame material titanium has an edge over gold. Another user of serial number is fraud detection. Is it even a valid serial number? Is it the correct frame for that serial number? Multiple bikes with the same serial number - definitely some counterfeiting going on. Aluminum fatigues and steel does not fatigue. As stated in a comment steel does fatigue - well not always. Mild steel will not normally admit fatigue crack growth if the applied stresses are below about 10% of the strength of the material. Materials, such as aluminium alloys, do not have any such fatigue limit. If a cyclic load is applied, aluminium alloys will always fatigue. For the same strength a steel bike is typically going to be heavier than aluminum. But you get a bike that is much much less susceptible to fatigue. With steel you also get a bike that will take a ding (dent) and not compromise structural strength to the extent of aluminum. Not exactly the same thing but at the molecular level they are related. Frame Materials If you want fatigue free and rust free then get titanium. I really think that for most of the handling stuff you're best off just test-riding bikes that fit you. Experiment with the handling. Try going slow. Try going fast. Try making a sharp turn. Try making a subtle turn. Try a dodge/weave. Try those turns at different speeds. Try a fast start. Try a fast stop. Try all that in all the handlebar positions. Unless you're designing a bike, a lot of this is all very theoretical, heavily interrelated (can't really change one variable without changing the others), and likely to be very small differences when comparing actual bikes. Fitting the rider; which you're already addressing and I won't talk about here... But a lot of geometry stuff comes down to making the other stuff work with fitting riders on the bikes. It's very important. Fitting stuff on the bike Handling characteristics. Since you asked, I'm talking about your basic on-road diamond-frame bike. Cruiser, road, commuter, urban, touring, racer... At the front, your fork is probably drilled to take a caliper brake and that part will definitely be strong enough. If it's not drilled you can probably get away with drilling it. Caliper brakes attach differently to V brakes, they have one pivot bolt in the centre rather than one each side. In your first photo there's a bolt that is in the right place although it's there for a mudguard/fender not a brake: These days with cheap sensors and high-rate portable data collection units it's not impossible to get at least an approximation of the major forces on a diamond frame bike (because you only need 30 or so channels - 8-10 tubes for the frame, maybe four for the fork, with tension and torque for each), but you're only getting an approximation. I don't know of public data like this, unfortunately. Much later, as mountain bikes became light enough to use for trials riding we started to see people doing trials riding with longer, faster sections as well as the usual technical sections. Standards also rose, these days using shipping containers in sections is fairly common, mounts and drops off a vertical pallet are considered routine. If you can't precisely specify the expectations it will be impossible to meet them. You need numbers here, and both precision and accuracy. Ending up with "head angle must be 78.24°" means you need a minimum of four significant figures at every stage right from the expectations. So "I require not more than 4.123N of input force at the centre of the handlebar grip to maintain the centre of mass in a straight line path when hitting a 45.01° barrier 100.4mm high at 12.62m/s" would be an example of one test case or "expectation".