First of all, let’s pay heed to the verse 102 Surah al-Baqara which indicates that Sihr (magic) could be a cause of separation between a man and his wife. 

Pay attention that eating non-halal foods would have a negative effect on human, hence perhaps we can consider it as a reason which has misled you...therefore you ought to ignore it right now, otherwise regularly Allah will take the Barakah(blessing) from your life and as a result Satan will mislead you more... 

You and me ought to pay attention that haram is haram. And Zina is considered as a haram act from the viewpoint of both Sunni and Shia. On the other hand, it cannot be declined by saying that the Quran has not talked about the Hormah of Zina before marriage. Because it has named it explicitly as a forbidden practice in the Quran and it has not named it as a halal act before marriage. Therefore we must obey the holy Quran if we really believe in it as the book of Allah which has presented by the Prophet. Otherwise, it is something else if we'd like to try to justify our sin as an act which we are interested in. Consequently, we must be honest and fair regarding halal and haram pratices... 

the second one consists of Not People of the Book. 

As much as I know, the consent (permission) of the parents is not Wajib (for men) to marry, but you mentioned a significant point. I mean as you said "because I am afraid it may bring fitnah". Of course I reckon you can be the best person to recognize if it would be worth to get married to him or not. Namely by making some fitnahs, sadness, displeased, ...). 

To breast feed could be proved from two aspects (to be the cause of being Mahram): 

In regard to getting married after divorce, there are some different items. For instance: it is not allowed for the woman to get married to the father of her husband or the relatives-in-law or foster ancestors (of her husband), and several other items. Of course to be honest, I couldn’t find any related issue concerning the hormah (being haram) of marriage to husband brother, consequently it could be said that it is a permissible practice (of course after the dead or divorce her husband). Anyhow you’d better do more research about it, but as I said, seemingly it could be possible… 

As far as I searched for you inquiry, I didn’t find a related matter that your Nikah (marriage) is invalid. But I found a related issue which could be profitable for you. According to Islamic rules, this is the duty of men to supply the sexual needs of their wives. According to Islamic rules, such men (who do not..) are sinner, and in accordance with the law, the wives have this right to refer to the court to divorce in the case that this behavior of the men caused difficulty and sin. 

According to the Fatwa of Ayatollah Khamenei (and perhaps all of Shia maraja') it is not Wajib or mandatory for them to have 2 witnesses for the Aqd (marriage), but the attendance of the witnesses is obligatory for the divorce. consequently in accordance with the mentioned Fatwa, it is considered as a valid marriage. 

And those who do not invoke with Allah another deity or kill the soul which Allah has forbidden [to be killed], except by right, and do not commit unlawful sexual intercourse. And whoever should do that will meet a penalty. (68) Multiplied for him is the punishment on the Day of Resurrection, and he will abide therein humiliated - (69) 

Actually this tradition declares that you should do whatever you are afraid of. (about rational matters). So I reckon your matter is similar to that hadith. In truth, as I said, you’d better trust Allah and ignore your phobia and don’t allow Satan destroy your life. 

At the moment, your issue can be considered as the example above. It is true that there are some nice and interesting things in this marriage, but there are many negative points that Allah prohibits it 100%. 

According to the viewpoint of the scholars and Marja’-al-Taqlids of Shia (whereof a part of the issue is related to a Shia boy (as a related matter)): it is permissible for a Shia boy to get married to a Sunni girl. Then you can inform them that it is allowed from the view of Shia for Shia boys to get married to Sunni girls. 

The significant point is that you ought to pay attention if it (Sikh) is really considered as "people of the book", if not, as a rule you cannot Marry her and it could be considered as a big sin. 

Another significant point is that the child won’t be Mahram to anybody in the case that they doubt if the child has drank enough to be Mahram or not (it is considered as their assumption, not sure); but anyway it is better that the person do precaution in the above-mentioned issue. 

Accordingly, the above-mentioned items consist of some Islamic way to counter Sihr (magic) which hopefully and God willing be helpful for you. 

Accordingly, you cannot consider her as a non-Sikh, since she has chose her religion as Sikh (even she does not practice it). 

And filling the Nikkah-Nama is another point which is related to the rule not Sharia, otherwise this is not necessary or obligatory for you to fill it (according to the Sharia). 

And eventually let me make it more explicit. You and me as two Muslims chose Islam, since we trusted and trust it. E.g. imagine that there is a glass of drink which is quite tasty, but your father (as a/the person who you trust him) tells you avoid drinking it, since there is some poison in it; As a result, you’ll definitely leave it although it is completely tasty. But why do you leave and forget it? Because you trust your father’s words and you are aware that your father wants the best things for you.