I don't want to dig into an off topic discussion of my personal philosophy, but the idea of the mind being divisible into smaller parts but yet not divisible does not seem particularly novel, and neither does the idea that its behavior may be dominated by structure. I would like to better understand what philosophy has been done in this direction, but I need to figure out the magic key words to jump start my research. 

I had been terse in hopes of avoiding polluting the request for terminology with too much content which could narrow others' word choices too greatly. I also did not want to put too much in and risk the question becoming a discussion of personal philosophy (which is off topic on this SE) but to add a little more to quote Wikiepedia's "Gestalt psychology page: 

Finally, there's the question of randomness in empirical studies. If you really dig into statistics, there is no way to tell if some experimental results are a random distribution or a non-random (mindful) distribution. All you can do is look at the data and say how likely or unlikely that distribution was to arise by random chance. There is (intentionally) no way in statistics to be 100% certain that a variable fits a given distribution or not. We instantiate 1) with Thought for y having: In order to speak of truth, we have to add the "semantical" side [see : Daniel Isaacson, Sufficient conditions undecidability of the Gödel sentence and its truth (2007)]. 

Now the conclusion of the syllogism easily follows: See P.A. Brunt, Studies in Stoicism (2013), page 455: The argument above licenses the: 4) ¬ (Force(Thought) & Contrary-to-Inertia(Thought)) ∨ ¬ (Body(x) & Possess(x,Thought)). 

Conclusion : it is not a question of "seeing the truth of ...". We have a strict mathematical proof of a conditional : See also Newton's theory of colour. 

The "correct" interpretation of Newton's ideas and researches on light is a complex issue and Newton's theory for sure evolved during time. Finally, we "generalize" to conclude with: Regarding "the picture theory of meaning that the later Frege rejected", we have to consider the fundamental Context principle that Frege formulated already in 1884 and that is present also in Wittgenstein's TLP. (3) The kind of colour and degree of refractability that any particular sort of ray has can’t be changed by refraction, or by reflection from natural bodies, or by any other cause that I have so far found. 

Assuming that the system F is sound with respect to truth in the structure of the natural numbers (called N), we have that : But, having said this, here is an extract from : Up to now, we have only a "syntactical" result, about provability in a (suitable) formal system. 

In other words, either the mind actually has a non-algorithmic and not fully “mechanizable” nature, or else there exist absolutely undecidable mathematical problems. But [Gödel's Theorems] don’t allow us to go further and conclude that the true disjunct is the first one. According to Gödel, then, what follows from [them], and especially from [the Second one], is that if our mind is a computing machine, it is one such that it “is unable to understand completely its own functioning.” 

The Essays remain an exceptional historical testimony of the progress of privacy and individualism, a blossoming of subjectivity, an attainment of personal maturity that will be copied, but maybe never matched since. It seems that Montaigne, who dedicated himself to freedom of the mind and peacefulness of the soul, did not have any other aim through writing than cultivating and educating himself. Since philosophy had failed to determine a secure path towards happiness, he committed each individual to do so in his own way. For detailed discussions of the so-called Lucas-Penrose arguments, see : 

Assume F ⊢ G; then ProvF(⌈G⌉) and, by the condition F ⊢ G ↔ ¬ProvF(⌈G⌉), we have that G is false. Then, by soundness of F (i.e. F proves only true sentences) : F ⊬ G, contradicting our assumption that F ⊢ G. Thus, by propositional logic : F ⊬ G.