Canon 1336 as mentioned above allows an ordained minister to be further constrained by any or all of the following: Although the Palestinian National Authority was established (by the PLO) in 1994, the PLO Executive Committee performs the functions of the government of the State of Palestine. Currently, the PLO maintains a network of offices in foreign countries and also represents the PNA abroad [Wikipedia]. Thus foreign relations are maintained with the PLO rather than the Authority. I have been told that if a priest has plans to travel on a particular plane, and someone sacramentally confesses that that flight is to be hijacked and brought down, the priest must not alter his own behaviour and travel on a different plane. He must act as if he had heard nothing. The Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith has recognised this dichotomy in an Instruction: There is scope for conflict with civil law. In the United Kingdom, it is not normally an offence not to report criminal activity, but terrorism, money-laundering, treason and the failure to lawfully dispose of a body must be reported. A priest who hears such a confession is bound by civil law to report the crime and by canon law not to do so. Other countries may expand that list of applicable crimes. According to reformed theology, salvation is an individual thing. Denomination makes no difference. Again assuming the MacAurthur definition of "Christian", the most you can say is "due to the fact that the Church teaches erroneous statements about what it takes to be saved, it's less likely for a Catholic to be saved." So, in summary, this isn't something that is going to be universally agreed on. The best you can hope for is that people say "Yeah, I can see how you came up with that, but..." regardless of which side of this issue you stand on. We proceed thus to the First Article:—Objection 1. It seems that the existence of God is self-evident. Now those things are said to be self-evident to us the knowledge of which is naturally implanted in us, as we can see in regard to first principles. But as Damascene says (De Fid. Orth. i. 1, 3), the knowledge of God is naturally implanted in all. Therefore the existence of God is self-evident. The Catholic Church also seems to have a very set format, and it doesn't seem to vary much, but that's probably an outsider's perception. I'm interested to know what the standard format it, and also, what things are the same every week, and were there is variation. I've been to a Catholic Church very few times in my adult life. It's a very different experience than the protestant Churches I'm used to. A wooden piece from the True Cross, safeguarded inside an ornamented cross. What are the uses of Holy Water? [2417] God entrusted animals to the stewardship of those whom he created in his own image. Hence it is legitimate to use animals for food and clothing. They may be domesticated to help man in his work and leisure. Medical and scientific experimentation on animals is a morally acceptable practice if it remains within reasonable limits and contributes to caring for or saving human lives. [2418] It is contrary to human dignity to cause animals to suffer or die needlessly. It is likewise unworthy to spend money on them that should as a priority go to the relief of human misery. One can love animals; one should not direct to them the affection due only to persons. Do not cook a young goat in its mother's milk. (Deuteronomy 14:21, NIV) Why is Eucharist observed in Catholic parishes every Sunday? Do they observe on other days too? Are Catholics obligated to attend the mass every Sunday? The body of Saint Bernadette covered in wax, believed to be incorruptible by the Catholic church, after she was exhumed three times. Many Protestant churches observe the Lord's Supper once a month and some do it very rarely. If I'm not mistaken, the Catholics celebrate Eucharist every Sunday. Do not muzzle an ox while it is treading out the grain. (Deuteronomy 25:4, NIV) Do not slaughter a cow or a sheep and its young on the same day. (Leviticus 22:28, NIV) Is there any specific liquid/water for it? We can also find some verses from the Bible which seem to indicate that we should show kindness to animals. The sale of relics is strictly forbidden by the Church. The Code of Canon Law states: I noticed that Catholics dip their fingers in Holy Water kept mostly at the entrance to the Church and apply it on their forehead. Apostolic See decides what is to be done with the relics. Current Catholic teaching prohibits relics to be divided up into small, unrecognizable parts. (source) How are first class relics prepared? They are preserved in special containers, after carefully cleaning them, perfuming them and repairing them if required. The angel of the Lord asked him, “Why have you beaten your donkey these three times? I have come here to oppose you because your path is a reckless one before me. (Numbers 22:32, NIV)