ὁ δὲ κατὰ τοὔνομα λόγος τῆς οὐσίας ἕτερος ἐὰν γὰρ ἀποδιδῷ τις τί ἐστιν αὐτῶν ἑκατέρῳ τὸ ζῴῳ εἶναι, ἴδιον ἑκατέρου λόγον ἀποδώσει. 

Let me expand upon why I think the metaphysical claims that the encounter with the Other being a transcendental condition of the possibility of your own subjecthood is implausible. Doing so might help explain why analytic philosophers aren't inclined to think "the Other", as Lacan and Levinas describe it, is in fact a useful category at all. 

I'll admit that I've never seen anybody explicitly run this argument in print, but I am quite certain it's the first thing that an analytically trained philosopher of mind reading Levinas is going to think. 

Ok, let me try. (translation is off the top of my head, so check with the oxford translation). (3) Therefore, encountering the other is not a condition of the possibility of subject hood. 

(1) If encountering an other is a condition of the possibility of subjecthood, then you can't be a person without encountering the other. We can support (2) in two different ways. First, by thinking of the case of severely autistic people. Autism is a spectrum disorder that involves impairment to one 'theory of mind' i.e. with one's ability to recognize and perceive that other people are people, as opposed to mere objects. At the far end of that spectrum, it looks like we have individuals who genuinely could not ever "encounter an other". Such individuals tend to suffer a number of really heart-breaking impairments, but it is obviously absurd to say that they aren't subjects at all. 

I would also be surprised if any argument like this had ever been published in the Levinas literature either---continental papers don't tend to criticize the great names in the canon, or object to their theses, or try to defend those theses from the objections of others. I'd be happy for somebody cite me an article to show I'm wrong in this case. 

Still, for at least low level perceptual beliefs like the ones we get from vision or hearing, it is hard to imagine how those beliefs or the mechanisms that formed them could be adaptive without being at least usually accurate. 

There is one more wrinkle, that is a famous issue in Aristotle's metaphysics and that is that Aristotle recognizes a special subset of homonyms where there is enough relation between the different senses to allow us to investigate them all under one science. He calls this "pros hen equivocity" although it's sometimes known in the literature as "focal meaning" or in older medieval texts as "the doctrine of analogy". This is how Aristotle is able to reconcile his claim that "being" is not a univocal notion--chairs and redness don't "exist" in the same sense, with his claim that metaphysics is the science of being qua being. 

(2) But you can be a person without encountering the other. 

His point in this paragraph is that mere linguistic use can be deceptive. Sometimes we use the same sound to name two things that in themselves have radically different natures. Aristotle's example is a man and a picture of a man, which apparently could both be called an 'anthropos' in Greek. A better English example might be a 'bank', which could be either the side of a river, or a financial institution. There is nothing that riversides and financial institutions have in common, so the use of the word "bank" is ambiguous in just this way. It is not very clear where to situate copenhagen's interpretation, because of its vagueness. One option is to view it as a collapse theory, but it does not specify when, where and how the collapse occurs (only that it is related to measurement). The premiss on which the argument rests is that a continuous change in the arrangement of a situation cannot produce a discontinuous change in the dynamics of these arrangement (change an arrangement a little and the dynamics should change a little). If an extensive quantity is involved in movement then the principle fails: there'd be a discontinuity between the dynamics of two spheres with an infinitely small gap and two connected spheres, which seems absurd. I fully agree with Cort Ammon's answer but I'd like to add a few points on the topic of definitions. Following emergence, new properties appear at some level which cannot be deduced from the lower level and the arrangement of parts. This supposes some form of holism, since only the whole system has the property, yet the system could be separable with regards to its lower level properties. Typical (but controversial) examples could be biological and psychological concepts. One cannot necessarily say something is a gene from its molecular structure alone, because it could depend on the cellular context (respectively, a psychological character and a social context). Being a gene is emergent. Yet the gene could be separable into parts at the chemical level. From the point of view of very aggressive modern theories of perceptual modeling, say something like what is reviewed here you are always dreaming. Rick Strassman emphasizes that dimethyltryptamine, the drug that immediately induces waking dreams, is naturally produced in the body, and we metabolize it in small quantities during ordinary waking life all the time. Its consumption is increased by tasks like 3D processing and guided visualization. 

Do bear in mind that some pain is positive, especially in cultures with things like initiation rituals and transformative models of adulthood or high values for independence and 'realism' (in the political sense, not the philosophical one -- the pain that tells me I worked hard yesterday has a positive value for 'martyred' Catholic men; the Scourge is a tool in older traditions of Wicca for invoking ecstatic states through pain; lying on a bed of nails is purifying and redemptive.) 

I do believe that it stretches the notion of materialism past its breaking point, but not realism, or even 'physicalism' to the degree that we make no presumptions upon what is and what is not physical without experimental evidence. The spirit of realistic reductivist monism remains, and we are not forced into accepting idealism by the fact that we treat mathematics as ideal.