In fact, Ienaga does inadvertently show at one point that his analysis is superficial when he writes: 

These notes were entered as Document No-1880, Prosecution Exhibit 1314 at the Nurenberg military tribunal. 

I'll try to explain what I mean. Blaskowitz was indicted as part of the Generals' Trial, together with 13 other senior commanders. The legal philosophy behind this case was the (essentially correct) notion that the German high command as a group was aware of and to a large degree complicit in the war crimes. Therefore, it made sense to indict all those who held senior positions in the Wehrmacht. As things stood, it seems that Blaskowitz had a good chance of acquittal (indeed, one can see on the wiki page that two other defendants were acquitted). 

Taken all together these data may seem convincing but then one must recall that all three Westerners were known as Communist sympathizers who lived and worked among the Communists. Though they were honest and competent journalists, their perspective was very slanted and their sources were ultimately Communist, and they had little access to Nationalist sources to rectify their bias. Thus, I think that their data has to be taken with a lot of caution. 

As explained before, these pipe dreams of Himmler are referring to an East already cleared of Jews. So, he is holding forth about the various Slav peoples here and comes to the conclusion that mass-murdering them might not be practical after all, and perhaps not very sporting. Even such a "courtesy" is not extended to the Jews. 

I, for one, am not quite convinced. Ienaga's evidence is mostly of two kinds: reports by the Western journalists Snow, Smedley and Stein and a number of scattered comments which he collected from memoirs by Japanese officers and civilians. 

I think it can be more or less safely summarized that Ienaga has, alas, dropped the ball on this subject and that his sources are not at all of the high quality we could have expected. Therefore, his whole treatment cannot be given much weight. 

Note also that not all information we have today was easily available then; as a minor exmaple that shows this, American newspapers even got Blaskowitz's rank wrong when they reported his death, promoting him to field-marshal. So one sees the handwatches were just the tip of the iceberg. Interestingly, wikipedia has a special article on this - Consumer goods in the Soviet Union which makes for interesting reading. One quote: In other words: this was a deliberate choice by Stalin of guns over not only butter, but also over decent bread, so to speak. He was preparing full-steam for large-scale war - as early as 1928 (!) - at the conscious expense of the citizens' level of living. Cruel and tragic as every individual case may be, this method is still the mildest and best one if, out of inner conviction, one rejects as un-German and impossible the Bolshevist method of physical extermination of a people. Actually, according to recently declassified records, it seems that Churchill was very much in favour of summarily executing Hitler should he be captured. 

However, that was a thing for the court to figure out and so the decision to indict even those generals against whom no evidence of particular crimes was available prima facie seems to me to have made a lot of sense in the context of the times - the generals were indicted on the strength of being members of the high command, which was deemed to be guilty as a group, yet they stood a chance of acquittal on the individual merits of their case. 

Basically, you've given the answer yourself in the question: handwatches were a very rare thing in Soviet Russia at the time and it is small wonder that they became the soldiers' favourite trophy, especially since handwatches were highly portable and could be kept by the soldier himself.