As a result, Rommel, and other German generals came out of the war with burnished reputations Furthermore, German state or no German state, the victorious powers could justify transferring to Polish control large areas of formerly German territory: However it shouldn't be surprising that in certain respects (Security Council, occupation zone in Germany etc) France's status as a nation of the first rank was soon restored. The "Allies". Which Allies Exactly? Ah, so it was job of the "allies" to force Hitler to back down. Which ones, exactly? Victory in the Great War had been a collective effort. Roughly speaking, the victorious allies responsible for the Versailles treaty included Japan, Russia, Italy, the United States, Britain and France. NB. Wikipedia's page on Australia's WW2 history doesn't mention a 1944 demobilisation but I am making the assumption Welsh is a reliable source And also remember that the statesmen reshaping the world after 1945 weren't operating in a historical vacuum. Their perceptions of the relative significance of nations would have been altered, certainly, but not wholly revised. France after all had had one of the largest armies and air forces in the world in 1939, and the fourth largest navy. Trott headed up the India Department within Germany's wartime Foreign Ministry and looked after Bose's 18-month stay in Germany during the war. Only Egypt was indeed "invaded", arguably, by German forces, and here there was some enthusiasm for the Germans. This documentary (see 21:30 onwards) shows daily demonstrations in Cairo in favour of the advancing Germans. It was one of the tools in Churchill's kitbag when he was forced to explain before parliament and a domestic audience the lamentable performance of the British army in Africa in 1940-42. He often praised Rommel and hailed him as a "great general". The notion of the "Desert Fox" was useful to British commanders. While Churchill was privately furious with his own generals, in public it was a sort of an explanation for why the British, superior in men and tanks, were doing so badly against Rommel. There are two key things to consider, I think, when answering your question. One is that that the defence of the British Isles depended utterly on the Royal Navy. The Battle of Britain, considered pivotal in Britain's defence against invasion, was crucial because Germany could only even begin to contemplate a channel crossing if the all powerful Royal Navy could in part be neutralised by the Luftwaffe. And even then, in the case of absolute control of the air, most Germans still doubted they could overcome the Royal Navy and effect a successful invasion. 1) Germany was perceived to need weakening so as to limit its capacity to once again renew itself after a defeat and wage aggressive war. In fact still harsher plans had been considered (e.g. the Morganthau plan). In Britain the story (and the audio) of the events of 3rd September 1939 are so well known and Neville Chamberlain's moving broadcast so cherished that the it's strange that the French declaration of war some hours later is so often relegated to a footnote. Before answering, just to take issue with the premise of the question. Yes, France received a permanent seat on the Security Council, not to mention her own occupation zones in Germany and Austria. But France was not accorded a status anything like the "Big Three" in most other respects. From May 1943 De Gaulle was operating independently from French territory in Algiers but he was consistently slighted and ignored by the British and Americans. He was especially wounded by the practice of the American authorities coming and going as they pleased in Algeria without even a nod to French sovereignty and, later, when he was left in the dark about D-Day. The French were either excluded or allowed only minor roles at the Casablanca, Yalta and Potsdam conferences.