This is attributed to another of those present at the Council of Clermont, Fulcher of Chartres: 

Well, I found a fairly good description of the Medieval Farming Year, and it does not support a 'spring harvest' as you suspected. I have found no further details concerning actual dimensions, but we can estimate this drawbridge at twice the height of the above-mentioned ones, giving us a span of about 5.5m (18ft). Above from Mackenzie's guide to Inverness By Alexander Mackenzie 

The Gesta Francorum,or Deeds of the Franks, translations seem be be more general in term, along the line of 'fight and save your soul': 

Sheep. The study also addresses sheep sizes, with estimates on withers heights falling into a range typically between 58 and 63 cm. Since modern sheep show ranges between 60 and 80 cm, it falls in line that the sheep were the size of smaller modern animals. From pg 50: According to the wiki entry he was born 1394, died 25 October 1415, so was not exactly a seasoned commander, having inherited his title only 7 weeks earlier. Wiki mentions his command: 

Cattle. The study gives some estimates of the weight and height of the typical cattle recovered. Samples gave a mean withers height of 117 cm (from figure 17, Table 24 pg 36) and a weight of 150-170kg: 

You can read an article here which discusses and shows some more of these illustrations. Winter grains aside, there are crops not mentioned above in this medieval context, which can be commonly harvested early in the spring, including beets,turnips,cabbage,onions,and garlic. (an article Top 10 Vegetables to Grow Over Winter discusses some of these (note: this is a commercial site). 

(There is some other good info on the above site as well concerning things such as the value of bread and other wage figures.) So the drawbridge only reaches out 2.75m(9ft) although the moat was 18m(~60ft) wide. I found a reference in an article published in 1867 entitled A Visit to Leeds Castle, to an early drawbridge of exceptional size. The castle at Leeds,in Kent England, had several drawbridges, with one in particular (emphasis mine):