Second example. The great poet of 19-th century Adam Mickiewicz. He wrote in Polish, but his most famous poem (Pan Tadeusz) begins with the words: "Lithuania! My Fatherland!" He was born and brought up on the territory of modern Belorussian state. Is he a "proto-Pole", a "proto-Lithuanian", or a "proto-Belorussian"? 

Now, in 19-th century Lwow was a part of Austria. Should Danilo be called a "ptoto-Austrian" because of this? In the first half of 20-th century Lwow was in Poland. Is Danylo a proto-Pole? What can the other criteria be? Language? You can say that Danylo probably spoke "proto-Ukrainian". But a Moscow teacher who will say that he spoke "proto-Russian" will be equally right. Besides the Moscow teacher will have the advantage of saying that Danila was a blood relative of a Yuri (from the same family) who founded Moscow. 

Bolsheviks and Mensheviks were the split parts of the Social-Democratic party, (SD) which in 1917 was a minority party in all respects. So one cannot say that they expressed the views of the majority of workers, peasants or soldiers. 

You should be more specific about what you mean by science in the Middle Age. Almost no science existed in Europe before the Renaissance. So when we speak of Medieval science we should be discussing Muslim world first of all. 

Even before the union with Poland, the Grand Duchy was the largest state (by territory) in Europe, so certainly it was not a ``fringe''. Well, perhaps the largest after the Golden Horde, the European part of it, if this can really be called a state. To the East of the Rzeczpospolita was the Grand Duchy of Moscovia, the state which in 14s century was still dependent of the Golden Horde, though some maps show it as an independent state. As Moscovia was still in Europe, the Rzeczpospolita was in no sense on a fringe, but rather in Central Europe. 

More popular party (on the left wing) was Socialist-Revolutioners (SR) supported by many peasants, and Anarchists, supported by soldiers. The SR party was also split into "right SR" and "left SR". There was plenty of other parties from from liberal democratic (KD) to monarchist. 

Distillation of alcohol was known since the late antiquity, at least. (Invention sometimes credited to Mary the Jewess, considered by some the inventor of alchemy, 3-d century AD, but Aristoteles already knew the principle). It was practiced in the Eastern Roman empire and then by the Arabs, and penetrated back to Western Europe from the Muslims, as other achievements of ancient science. Originally the product was not a common beverage, but a substance which (al)chemists and later medics used. Gradually it was realized that this medicine not only helps ill people, but to healthy people as well. The earliest beverage was called Aqua Vita, and it spread in the West in 13th century from Italy. There were attempts to ban it, for example, in Muscovy. 

The cities of Hanseatic League belonged to different countries and a quick search indicates that they did not have a common policy with respect to Jews. 

Very many different peoples lived on the territory of current Ukraine in the past. Descendants of some of those peoples are called "Poles" now. Where the ancestors of modern Poles "proto-Ukrainians" because they lived on the territory of modern Ukraine ? Why not "proto-Poles"? 

There was no Ukrainians before 17 century. And there was no such thing as "proto-Ukrainians". All these are projections to the past of modern political realities. 

I recommend the excellent book Orlando Figes, People's Tragedy. The Russian revolution 1891-1924, which describes the revolution in detail. One of the best books on the subject. The author seems to be genuinely interested in what has happened, rather than in promoting some pre-established views. 

In fact the victors of the Napoleonic wars are considered very wise by many people, because their peace arrangement made in 1815 lead to a very long period of peace in Europe. Unlike the peace arrangement 100 years later, when Germany (the German people!) was punished and this led to wide support of the Nazi and to WWII. 

These little examples are given to show that there is no reasonable notion of proto-Ukrainian. This is a meaningless word. And a high school teacher prescribes a meaning to it, depending on the MODERN political division (or to her own political affiliation). 

But the grand Duchy was the last officially pagan state, though a large part of its population (living on the territory of the former Rus principalities) was Christian (Orthodox) since earlier times. Conversion of the Grand Duchy happened as a result of dynastic union with Poland (Jogaila married a Polish princess) and eventually the states united to a single state called Rzeczpospolita Obojga Narodów (Republic of Two Nations, usually translated into English as Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth). It was partially Catholic (Poland and proper Lithuania) and part Orthodox (former Rus principalities). 

It is possible that the distillation process was invented independently in several places. Recently I saw a movie about an African tribe, essentially untouched by civilization which practices this process. It is unclear from the movie whether it was adopted from some more advanced culture or it was an indigenous invention.