If it's truly not an answer then should be flagged as such. Yes, this will probably have the effect of devaluing the badge, but there are already badges (Enthusiast, Fanatic, the voting badges, etc) that can be got without any real effort so there is a precedent :) Of course, it may be that deletion is the best solution all round. Firstly - do you have any examples? Either add a "Looks Good" button that increments the review count or make the "Not Sure" button increment the review count, but not count to removing the post from the review queues for anyone else. There needs to be a way to let people say: If the question is simply off topic select one of the predefined reasons here or "Other" for a a custom message. We'd have to change the requirement for the badges though - a simple increase in the numbers (500 and 2000 for silver and gold) might be enough, or have the requirement be that you must have > 50% of real actions (edits, etc.). If you think that it's really important that the close reason gets changed then the simple solution is to flag it for moderator attention. However, most of the time a comment should be sufficient. If the user finds that their question is closed, they should be reading all the information around the closure to understand how their question can be improved. Given that people are so desperate to earn the badge, why not simply allow "skip" (renamed "Looks Good" perhaps) to count towards the review total? Remove the badges. I assume that this isn't going to happen. The first solution means that the people who really, really wanted the badge could skip their way through to getting it (rate limit the number of reviews to 20 or 30 a day). Skips would still not remove the post from the queue for everyone else (unless it got 5 or 10 skips) so those who want to do proper reviews can still see the post and edit/comment/vote properly. If you have concerns about the edit then you should revisit the post via the normal edit link and correct it yourself. Secondly - there should be some explanation of what the code does or why this piece of code answers the question. I don't know the algorithm, but I suspect that one of the triggers for low quality is if the answer is all code and no explanatory text.