And when you have completed the prayer, remember Allah standing, sitting, or [lying] on your sides. But when you become secure, re-establish [regular] prayer. Indeed, prayer has been decreed upon the believers a decree of specified times. (103) 

As a rule, working for the places whose works/activities are Haram, is Haram. Totally you must work at the company or other places which their acts are permissible (not to be Haram). In the mentioned issue, you should see that if it is counted as a public place, the imam can stands and prostrates upon encroaches on public property. thus the significant point is that you should figure out if it is completely counted as a public place. (seemingly). 

Kafarah or expiation is related to one of the following items (you ought to do one of items below): As you know, there are plenty of Thawab (reward) in aiding poor people. In fact, there are plenty of traditions concerning alms-giving to the needy people. As all of us know, a needy person is a person who his/her income is not sufficient for him/her to pass his/her life well, and perhaps we encounter many poor persons in streets who are begging people for money (as Sadaghah). Hence I assume that you'd better "don't worry", so it isn't any matter even he has written it three times on the paper, Since he has not done this act optionally, so it won't be an actual divorce. (Thanks God) First of all, I suggest you to read the verses of Surah al-Nisa which are as shown in below (that are related to your question): 

(Notice: this issue which I mentioned above, is related to the fasting of Ramadhan as a Wajib Fasting). According to the Fatwa of Ayatollah Khamenei (and perhaps all of Shia maraja') it is not Wajib or mandatory for them to have 2 witnesses for the Aqd (marriage), but the attendance of the witnesses is obligatory for the divorce. consequently in accordance with the mentioned Fatwa, it is considered as a valid marriage. Since this kind of relation can be led to haram (forbidden) acts (or thoughts) and actually Satan will be the third person between you and the person who you are chatting to. Reading the following two sites would be constructive and helpful for you as two related issues. 

Occasionally, it is seen that some Muslim girls/women post their images on different internet websites without veil (hijab). Based on Islam, it is Haram (forbidden) for women to expose their bodies and their beauties for strangers as non-mahram(s). Accordingly, would it be haram to do it in some parts of virtual world such as Internet, which is full of non-mahrams there? 

Of course it has not illustrated in detail, but in according to the Sunnah of the prophet Mohammad (SAWW) (from the view of Shia) :