1-Al elm Zaher fi naf’ e nasab Taher ibn abedin 2-a-savaeq-al-mhraqah ibn hjr heithami 3-Sharaf-al-esbat alqasemi 4-tazkeratol-khavas sabt-e-Joozi 5-Al-Fosool 6-mataaleb-o-so’al fi- manaqeb Ale rasul (s) Muhammad ibn Talha Shafe’i As the most related important issue, we should notice that Allah is not body or material. And in truth it is not possible to see Him by vision. Because seeing (by eyes) is related to the material. 2: Ummah as the heir of the earth The following verse of Quran likewise could help you: Perhaps the most significant reason of this issue could be related to this matter that as an unwritten general rule, parents (both of father and mother) are considered as the most dear persons from the viewpoint of everybody. Hence in the mentioned issue as you said: 

Initially, in regard to the meaning of the mentioned word,” Sayyid”: 

I was wondering if Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him and his household) proposed to Khadijah (as the request for the marriage) or Khadijah proposed to the Prophet (s)? In regard to the sentences (phrase) of talaq, the person (man) who intends to divorce, ought to utter the following sentence: 

So it shows the significance of the assignment of the successor by its right way, not those who became leaders or successor by their concupiscence. 

First of all, I don’t intend to state concerning its authenticity. Since seemingly some groups confirm it and some other groups deny it. But the significant point which I ought to mention is that its concept demonstrate that how much Islam is paying heed to the issue of Science. As I pointed out, its Arabic sentence almost or even accurately is as following hadith: 

I saw how much he was talking to his mother in a polite manner. 

Seek knowledge even as far as China 

Secondly in case that the meaning of the mentioned person is that I am prophet Mohammad, then it is completely haram and it is the duty of the related persons in charge (judicial) to arrest him and ... 

The Prophet's first wife (Khadijah) 

The Arabic word /ummah/, according to Mufradat by Raqib, means any group or nation that a common cause joins them to each other, such as being common in religion and creed, being in the same time or Age, and being in one definite place, whether this unity is optional or non-optional. Some commentators have considered the phrase: ‘single Ummah’, mentioned here, as ‘a single religion’. Some others have said that the objective meaning of ‘Ummah’, in this verse, is the whole mankind in all ages and times. Source and further information: Secondly, based on my research/perception, celebrating the birth of the Prophet (peace be upon him and his family) cannot be considered as a Bid'ah or sinful practice, and even it can be a good/profitable practice. But why? 

Was she previously married/divorce? http://www.pasokhgoo.ir/node/21390 Note: Both Shia and Sunni view would be appreciated. 

He was the follower of Christianity For further information and to find your complete answer ( regarding the types of rings, stones, and likewise which hand and finger..), I strongly recommend you to see the following links. 

It can be considered as an acceptable matter by noting it as A MIRACLE OF THE PROPHET (pbuh) that Prophet Muhammad put his tongue in his grandson in order to feed him… , not as what is said somehow else. The prophet (S) (5days before Zil-Qa’dah) moved from Medina on Monday. The apostle of Allah (pbuh) entered Mecca at the fourth day of the month. He (S) directly went to the mosque, then went to start the Haj… Another point is that the word Taha, gradually, turned to a specific name (after passing the time) that even the clan of the prophet (pbuh) are named Ale-Taha as well. {2} I did not see any text which pointed out its precise day. But I found another related information which probably can help you to reach its number. (Hopefully) 

The Prophet had not received any schooling; yet, after reaching the age of maturity he became famous for his wisdom, courtesy, trust-worthiness and truthfulness. He soon became famous as “as-sādiq al-amīn” (the truthful, the trustworthy). Abu Tālib used to say: “We have never heard any lies from Muhammad, nor seen him misconduct himself or make mischief. He never laughs unduly nor talks untimely.” To be honest, as far as I see, seemingly your question Is a little complex, but I hope to be able to give you some useful information regarding your questions. 

but if I want to mention it briefly, I can classify them in four main classes: 

On the other hand, according to the holy Quran (Surah A'raaf), honoring/respecting the prophet is regarded as a character of Mo'menin (believes/faithfuls), so, such celebrating of the Prophet's birthday can be regarded as a kind of honoring his importance/greatness when he is not available now. Consequently, even logically, such celebrating would be a type of keeping alive his greatness/name which in practice can be equal to honoring the prophet who is not currently available to us (from an aspect). As another reason, paying attention to this issue could be profitable to know that Shias have a due (a Mustahab or recommended dua) that when they intent to say prayer, they recite it at first. It consists of: 

Talking is not see-able, but here it said “I saw how much he was talking…” then it means understanding or hearing or even seeing by the eye of the heart as a kind of feeling. Consequently it can be inferred from the mentioned hadiths that perhaps Prophet Muhammad saw (comprehended or felt) Allah by seeing many facts, wonderful things and signs and so on.