1/3 at Rivers Casino, Pittsburgh Pa. Villain is a Hines Ward lookalike - he started out playing as a seemingly competent LAG, playing lots of hands fairly aggressively, putting opponents in tough spots. Turns out he's just a maniac. Has bought in for the 4th time, buying in full each time. Preflop raises have increased from teens, to 20s, to 40s. Folds maybe 1/4 of hands pre, raises everything else. Has been getting paid when he has the goods, and giving it all back with misplaced aggression. Table in general has seemed frustrated by villain. Hero 3-bet once before villain arrived and got a fold - other than that, there hasn't been any 3-betting preflop. Preflop: Hero dealt Q♢ Q♣ 2 limpers to Villain in CO who makes it 13. Button and SB fold, Hero raises to 33, 2 folds, Villain calls. I don't like the 3bet pre-flop with these cards. What was the goal with a 3bet here? Are you hoping to take the pot down pre-flop, folding to a 4 bet? 

The flop is pretty coordinated - there's a flush draw, a straight draw for T9, and some gutshots for lower connectors. As the pre-flop aggressor, you can bet a wide range on this flop, and since he likely has a made hand, he's not going to go away for 1 bet. If you are going to bet this flop, you're going to have to fire at least another barrel on the turn, and possibly the river, if you want to win this pot unimproved. If a T or 9 comes, I'm ok with a thin value bet on the street that it comes out on. 

Since villain will be able to value bet more hands than he can call a bet with, I'd check/call any reasonable bet (less than $100). We are way ahead hands I think he could get to the river with: 

The rule of thumb I've always heard is that tournaments tend to end when there are around 10 big blinds left on the table. Given the fact that you said "effective stack 80 % max buy-in", I'll assume this is a cash game we're talking about, not a tournament. Although this can work perfectly if you do connect with the board, the chances of this happening are pretty low, which is why it's a much better idea to go all-in or fold, not something in between. Given the fact that you had a 9 and there were 2 other 9's on the flop, I think it would be safe to assume that your opponent doesn't have the fourth 9. The probability of this is just very low. As it turns out, he did have the fourth 9... and it could've ended a lot worse :) . The fact that you won or lost doesn't change this. 

What I would do in this situation is, I would raise more on the flop, not just $60. Somewhere around $90 - $110 (maybe even more) would've been better. He had a very good hand, so he probably wouldn't have folded. But what it would do is probably prevent him from raising it so much, he would think at least for a few seconds that you have KK. So preflop: not a good play. On Flop: ok play. 

Your play on the flop was actually not bad at all. The guy in the BB saw that you're short stacked (and made a mistake preflop :D), so he made a bet. You figured he would do that with absolutely any 2 cards (I would :D) and you would be correct; so you decided to go with it because you were actually connected to the board.