The following might be helpful. It was made in response to the comment of James which you cited: Furthermore, the distinction must be maintained between the subjective and objective determinations in order to avoid error: 

Given that he believe that some synthetic propositions are necessarily true, Kant needed to distinguish them from analytic judgements which he also considered necessarily true. Therefore, his definition of analytic judgements must be understood such that it maintain the property of necessity. In the case of analytic judgements, necessity is rooted in nothing more that convention or agreement. If it is thought to have any other basis, it ceases to be analytic: 

As far as the smell of roses, Kant did, in fact, refer to the conditions of sensibility as a priori as you said: 

Rather, the reasoning should proceed as follows: The idea that the predicate of an analytic judgement is thought to be contained within the concept is somewhat confusing unless it is understood in the context of the following: 

Yes. I don't think there's any real debate about that. Throughout the Critique of Pure Reason, one of the principle themes which Kant maintains is that the proper application of concepts is limited to objects of experience. If that weren't the case, all his arguments against the paralogisms in the Transcendental Dialectic would lose their force. He refers to them as paralogisms precisely because such arguments employ the transcendental use (A341/B399) of concepts which, for Kant, are illegitimate: Kant might be said to have undermined the soul by denying that anything could be known about its nature by means of metaphysical deduction. James give no indication that he believed there was any difference between the soul and the transcendental ego, nor do the writings of Kant suggest that. The difference between earlier dualism and neo-Kantian dualism is a distinction between subject and object, rather than between body and soul. 

It is interesting to note that he prefixed his proof with comments concerning the extent of idealism in the philosophies of Descartes and Berkeley. Although he criticised Berkeley for being too "dogmatic", he said that Descartes had taken the more philosophical approach by expressing doubt with respect to that which couldn't be proven: "Kant held to [the soul] while denying its fruitfulness as a premise for deducing consequences verifiable here below." (The Principles of Psychology, p. 211) As the SEP writes on Kant's Social and Political Philosophy: The preliminary articles can be differentiated: All of them are prohibitive rules, but some (1,5 and 6) are "strictly valid without regard to circumstances". The other ones are permissive laws. It is these that got my attention. As Kant writes, these leges latae (preliminary articles 2,3 and 4) "may be legitimately put off". Why does Kant establish the permission law? How can there be a law (especially in Kant's theory) that doesn't claim universal validity in absolutely every case? How can there be a "may" in Kant's moral theory, and even more, how can it be called a law? Why is it needed? Is it a logical need or rather a pragmatic, "timeserving" one (to explain why some changes do not have to be made right away)? And why does it exist in the natural law, but not in ethics? 

Justice, as a term of rights [Recht] is established by the implementation of a legal situation. As not having one is worse that having a bad one, revolution is prohibited. There is simply no justice in the state of nature. There is no way to guarantee "Mine and Thine" - thus to get into a legal situation, even coercion is allowed. To leave the state of nature has such a high priority for Kant, that to overthrow the legal system is simply not an option. If leaving the state of nature is a must, then returning to it must be prohibited. But as 1 and 2 appear to contradict each other, I question whether 3 is a posteriori. Why need I any visual experience of reudh, or any colour, to understand 3? If, never having seen reudh, I am told that 'rouge' means the exact same thing as 'red', then I will have understood the equivalence of the nouns 'red' and 'rouge' (though I still will not know how reubh appears). But what if sentiments and feelings that support doing the right thing and the reason for acting are too intertwined? Then where do you draw the line? Am I right that Sandel assumes (tacitly) that every human can differentiate between them? What if you can't differentiate them? [1.] A similar experiment can be tried in metaphysics, as regards the intuition of objects. If intuition must conform to the constitution of the objects, I do not see how we could know anything of the latter a priori; but if the object (as object of the senses) must conform to the constitution of our faculty of intuition, I have no difficulty in conceiving such a possibility. A student (who reveals his name as Patrick, at the 52:45 interval) asks: 

No one knows. No one can know. It's impossible for us to conceive of the world except through these concepts. Kant calls the physical world as it would be without the human concepts of time and space the noumenal realm, from the Greek word for 'thought'. The noumenal realm consists of things-in- themselves and transcends human experience. [1.] We have to organize our experience not as what Kant calls a mere "rhapsody" or kaleidoscope of perceptions, but in terms of a temporal and spatial order.