This is all completely valid. As part of Neymar's contact, both Neymar and Barcelona agreed to the value of the release clause - note that under Spanish law, all employees have a release clause in their contracts, and this applies just as much to footballers as to anyone else (for more details, see this ESPN article). PSG made an offer for Neymar which met the value in the release clause, so after Neymar paid Barcelona the appropriate fee, he was then free to move to PSG - and that's what he did. If a team does anything like deliberately scoring own goals to benefit another team, they can expect to have a ton of bricks dropped on them by both the Premier League and the FA for bringing the game into disrepute, barring exceptional situations like that which occurred in Doncaster vs Bury in August 2015, when Doncaster allowed Bury to score an equaliser after accidentally scoring when returning the ball after an injury. 

In general, you can't foul a member of your own team; almost every reference in the Laws of the Game refers to "an opponent" - in particular, see Law 12 Fouls and Misconduct, Direct free kick (page 37): 

Communication / Chemistry Manchester City's Yaya Touré is one of few professional soccer players from Côte d'Ivoire. Based on KSI's gameplay video with him, it can be said that his English is not perfect. Tottenham Hotspur has their goalkeeper, Hugo Lloris, as their captain, despite being the only French player on the team. 

In most top level leagues, the assist is only rewarded to the last pass to the goalscorer. Secondary assists are sometimes tracked as "chances created" or "decisive passes". 

The updates to the definition seem scattered about, and not always provided in each technical report. But these two reports seem to be of utmost importance, and still have their application to modern day football/soccer. 

An assist point cannot be rewarded for : Are there any specific properties that make a player more suitable as captain? An update to the definition of an assist was provided in the Mexico 1986 World Cup technical report: 

Position Manchester City selected Vincent Kompany, a central defender who rarely moves up the pitch, as their captain. Arsenal has Per Mertesacker, also a central defender, as their captain. Being the slowest on the team makes him an unlikely playmaker. The previous captain, Mikel Arteta, played as a defensive midfielder, which is slightly more reasonable for the position criteria. 

I've seen this happen quite a few times in the 2014 FIFA World Cup - the referee accidentally trips or bumps into a player but nothing is called. 

Here are some criteria I considered, and their exceptions: 

These are all the possibilities for an assist to be awarded, but whether or not they're accepted depends on the league. (e.g. the BPL only rewards assists to one player, and a goal resulting from a foul received is not counted as an assist.) What criteria make a player more worthy of being captain than others? Are there any leagues where up to two assists are counted with the goal? 

In the FIFA Mexico 1986 World Cup technical report, it is said that up to two players may receive assist points if their passes were decisive to scoring a goal. I recently purchased new football boots, ACE 16.3 Men's Firm Ground, and I want to test them about at a nearby pitch. The fastest (non-automobile) route to the pitch is a 12-minute walk along a mostly pavement sidewalk. OPTA OPTA's Event Definitions and their blog post, "God Assist Me", both quote the same definition: 

Complete list of FIFA technical reports here. 

I've watched a lot of BPL matches lately, and I've realized how awkwardly the captains are chosen. The captains sometimes don't have many key qualities, or assist their team much. Could this damage the studs significantly? Should I: This is covered by Law 3: The Players: Substitution Procedure: Nobody has "broken" the contract here, as Spanish law mandates that any employee can release themselves from a contract - the only question is over the fee to be paid, and in Neymar's case, that was specified in the contract. There are no legal complications, because the lawyers who wrote the contract already thought about it. In general, you can't foul a member of your own team; almost every reference in the Laws of the Game refers to "an opponent" - in particular, see Law 12 Fouls and Misconduct, Direct free kick (page 37): Since 2011, teams have been allowed to field any combination of their 25 man "match day" squad without fear of reprisals from the Premier League. Previously to that, teams were fined (relatively) small amounts for infringements, for example Blackpool in 2010 or a suspended fine for Wolves in 2009. Teams can in theory still be punished if they field weakened teams with players from outside their 25 man match day squad. A player can be booked for "unsporting behaviour" (Law 12, Cautionable offences (page 39)) which is a general catch-all the referee can use for a lot of things not covered by anything specific and could in theory be used in this situation.