Zakat is obligatory on every free adult and sane Muslim when he or she possesses the nisab and a lunar year has passed over it. Zakat is due on Gold Silver Cash Trade-goods,freely-grazing livestock kept for milk or breeding like camels, cows, sheep and goats. Now as per your query ,if you are saving this amount for a long time like a year has passed over it and you have reached your age of puberty then you have to figure out the month the day and the amount when it reached the nisab level,, you can calculate from zakat calculator too, and if after calculation you figure out that your zakatable valauables reaches the value of the nisab and year has passed over it then you are liable to pay the zakah whether you work or not and if you dont possess for an year then you dont need to .Your Query is useful as there are so many misconceptions among people that if head of the family is paying zakah then its enough for all. Narration ‘Backbiting is worse than Zina’ - The Sunni Perspective There are various similar reports of this hadeeth by Al-Bayhaqi and also Ibn Abi Ad-Dunya. al-Bukhaari (6355) narrated from Ibn ‘Umar (may Allaah be pleased with him) that the Messenger of Allaah (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) said: And moreover, for zina, it is four (not two) sound witnesses of upright character (i.e. should not be known as a faasiq (sinful) person). Witnessing hugging or fondling is not enough for hudud (ordained punishments) for zina. This is because the zina that entails hudud is defined by penetration. Though, these haraam actions (fondling) could entail disciplinary punishments but that is depended on the level haraam actions and it can be given only by a judge. The previous hadeeth was also narrated by al-Tirmidhi in his Sunan. After quoting it, he said: Source: Ruling on honour killings Source: The narration ‘Gheebah is worse than Zina’ Considering the issue that you mention happened in a democratic country, it is not permissible to punish the person even if if proven guilty. If someone does it, it is the height of ignorance from pre-islamic era. And if he/she is killed unjustly, then it is a major sin. Moreover, Al-Haythami stated in “Majma’ Az-Zawaa’id” that in its chain of narrators there is ‘Abbaad ibn Katheer Ath-Thaqafi and he is Matrook (abandoned) and the author of “Kashf Al-Khafaa’” said: “As-Saaghaani said that it (this Hadeeth) is fabricated.” Imaam Ahmad (may Allaah have mercy on him) said: I do not know of any sin after murder that is worse than zina, and he quoted as evidence the following hadeeth (emphasis mine): Lessons in Fasting - Shaykh Salih Al-Fawzaan Secondly, why she was killed after repentance? Because, hadd punishments are a way to expiate sins. On the side note, there is disagreement on this issue. Majority of the scholars view cupping in Ramadhaan as permissible because of other Hadeeths that state that the Prophet sallallaahu `alayhi wa sallam was cupped while he was fasting. You can read a detailed treatment of the issue here. All Praise to Allah Swt and blessings on Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him His family and companions Man , woman or adult children each are due to pay zakah if above conditions are applicaple over them.Scholars have mentioned in their fatawas that it is permissible if someone from family pays the zakah on behalf of nisab holder like a woman has enough gold but she doesnt earn then her husband or other could give on behalf of her otherwise she has to give zakat from her Gold. Whether she is a widow or you get permission from your wife you are still not allowed to marry her in this situation. Zakat is obligatory on every free adult and sane Muslim when he or she possesses the nisab and a lunar year has passed over it. Zakat is due on Gold Silver Cash Trade-goods,freely-grazing livestock kept for milk or breeding like camels, cows, sheep and goats. Allah Swt and His Messenger knows best. Allah Swt and His Messenger knows best. And moreover, for zina, it is four (not two) sound witnesses of upright character (i.e. should not be known as a faasiq (sinful) person). Lessons in Fasting - Shaykh Salih Al-Fawzaan Imaam Ahmad (may Allaah have mercy on him) said: I do not know of any sin after murder that is worse than zina, and he quoted as evidence the following hadeeth (emphasis mine): Considering the issue that you mention happened in a democratic country, it is not permissible to punish the person even if if proven guilty. If someone does it, it is the height of ignorance from pre-islamic era. And if he/she is killed unjustly, then it is a major sin. Secondly, why she was killed after repentance? Because, hadd punishments are a way to expiate sins. The previous hadeeth was also narrated by al-Tirmidhi in his Sunan. After quoting it, he said: al-Bukhaari (6355) narrated from Ibn ‘Umar (may Allaah be pleased with him) that the Messenger of Allaah (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) said: