In fact, I am in favour of an early dating, i.e. I think that the Romans have wisened up to the change in the rules of the game quite early, by Nero's succession the very latest. Probably, already by Gaius's succession, as @TylerDurden has argued. 

To clarify, I am talking about "soft expectations" here, not about a formal manual that lays down the rules, which afaik did not exist in the Soviet case as well. 

To sum up, I think that the shift to monarchy was actually likely to have taken place already in the reign of Tiberius (who actually stamped out the very last vestiges of Republican opposition). 

After some reading up I have the beginnings of an answer here, I think. I wonder if that was the case in Nazi Germany as well - did technical manager of comparable rank have to join the Nazi Party? Are there ancient or modern sources discussing this angle? The shift was indeed gradual and it was in the interests of the regime, when it was still taking root, to dissimulate that the Republic was intact and the emperor was just the first among equals. Augustus was a past master at this sort of game; Tiberius tried to play it too but with ill results. Later emperors felt less need to do so. From a very preliminary analysis it seems as if the conversation indeed took place and that Ahtisaari was indeed playing the bad cop routine on Milosevic. However the bloodthirsty quotes ascribed to him look like inventions. I wonder, though, why he did not try to get elected as consul (very likely given his family connections and personal distinction) and to enact his reforms then. This would have taken more time but wouldn't it have a better prima facie chance of working out? 

As far as I know, later emperors are not known to have engaged in any such activity. In the Soviet Union a person who was rising in technical management (say, becoming the director of a plant) was usually expected to join the Communist Party as a pre-requisite of getting the job. So apparently somehow "Let's not have dinner" morphed into "Belgrade will be like this table"... Or was he afraid of getting saddled with a veto-wielding conservative colleague in the consulship? P.S. A possible (trivial) answer might be that the Nazis have not properly nationalized the industry, with most plants still remaining in private hands - so a full parallel is impossible. However, I understand that industry was very tightly watched and regulated in Nazi Germany as well - so perhaps the question makes some sense after all. 

I am a Russian speaker who read the book, and many reviews of this book. Most reviews label it as anti-semitic. Its main point is to justify or acquit all Russian actions with respect to the Jews. And to shift the blame on the Jews whenever he can. I would not recommend this as a book on the history of Jews in Russia. On my opinion, the book is of interest from the point of view of history of the Russian chauvinist thought. 

In the 19-th century it was penetrated again. And again the Japanese managed to do the thing nobody else could. They quickly (VERY quickly) modernized their country themselves, in less than 1/2 of a century, I think this feat has no parallel in history, and by the beginning of 20-th century they were a "world power" that nobody would easily colonize. Bolsheviks and Mensheviks were the split parts of the Social-Democratic party, (SD) which in 1917 was a minority party in all respects. So one cannot say that they expressed the views of the majority of workers, peasants or soldiers. The NOAA Commissioned Corps descends from the Coast and Geodetic Survey Corps. Before the USA entered WWI, the Coast and Geodetic Survey was a Federal civilian organisation responsible for surveying the USA's coasts and interior. They were needed to do surveying for the war effort in WWI, and the Army and Navy officers normally seconded to the Survey had been withdrawn to do military duties. If civilians were captured on the battlefield doing surveying, they could be shot as spies, so the Coast and Geodetic Survey Corps was organised by commissioning the civilians. And it's stayed a commissioned organisation ever since, although the name has changed, as have the scientific fields they cover. For both organisations, their advantage is that it's easier to integrate their officers into the larger uniformed services than civilians. This is useful in wartime: essentially, they provide reserves of scientifically trained officers for the military. Other countries use more normal military reserve services, or commission civilians when necessary. The drawback is that the government can't get rid of them so easily as civilian staff, when it wants to. The USPHS Commissioned Corps descends from the Marine Hospital Service, which was first set up in 1798 to provide medical care to seamen, including naval personnel from 1799. In 1870, it was re-organised as the Marine Hospitals Service, whose first chief was Dr John Maynard Woodworth. He wanted his doctors to be a mobile work force, to be stationed wherever they were needed, and mandated uniforms. As a federal health-care organisation, the MHS' remit expanded in many cases where the federal government needed to provide medical services. Since their hospitals were in major ports, they became responsible for quarantine and other public health functions. In 1912, they became the Public Health Service. Their hospitals began to close after budget cuts during the Nixon administration, and are all gone now. The Commissioned Corps has survived as a public health organisation, and as a provider of medical staff to the other uniformed services.