I find this a rather poor definition for an introductory text; I'm not a mathematician, so it may in fact not be unambiguous, but I find myself unsure if the author means for this to represent exclusive disjunction or inclusive disjunction. It seems to me to technically be a definition of inclusive disjunction. Usually in logic, the phrase "Either A or B" is taken to mean that exactly one of the following 3 propositions is true: My guess is that the /g/ is due to some kind of analogical leveling under the influence of the past-tense and past-participle forms, which have back vowels and therefore wouldn't have regularly developed a palatal consonant. Is this thought to be correct? If so, I'm curious about if we have any evidence of the date of this, and if the word is ever thought to have had /y/, or if the spellings with "y" are likely just ways of representing /i/ after a velar consonant (or mere unconditioned variants of the spelling with "i" used by scribes who had lost the phonemic distinction between /i/ and /y/). I don't see any real phonetic basis for rounding this vowel, unlike in "busy" (< PG *bisig-) where there is at least an adjecent labial vowel, but perhaps the "u" of the past participle and some past tense forms provided an analogical basis. The English "j" sound is a voiced postalveolar affricate, transcribed in the International Phonetic Alphabet as /dʒ/. It is indeed the voiced counterpart to the voiceless "ch" sound /tʃ/. A base may be a root or a stem, and that root or stem may or may not be able to function as an independent word. Here is my interpretation of the relevant passage: The noun "system" is not a base in any general sense. The "base" is merely the complementary part to the "affix." To put it as a math equation: Japanese did not distinguish the phonemes /ɸ/ and /h/ before English loanwords. You can read a description of the current situation in "An acoustic study of the Japanese voiceless bilabial fricative" by Scott Ruddell. Is there any linguistic explanation of this? Native English words don't seem to me to have a general preference for the penultimate syllable, but I may be wrong — please tell me if there's evidence for this.