So if the country is absolute monarchy, then God tend to be monotheistic. If a country is republic or democracy or recognize men capability to topple their king, the religion reflects that and tend to be polytheistic. The supreme god in democracy tend to get toppled a lot unless he get consensus from his followers. Imagine if I am an emperor and says, there are many Gods. Zeus better behave lest Hades kicked his ass. Then the people would say, you too should behave o emperor, lest we kicked your ass. In Judaism, God alone is not only politically powerful, but by himself almighty. That is the claim of most absolute monarchy. That the emperor is chosen by the almighty and need only to answer to him. That emperor will still be emperor no mater how many rebels are fighting him as long as the supreme God still favor him. If I am just a leader of a small kingdom, it's not toward my best interest to say, my God is almighty all of you have to bow before Him and pay me tribute and give your daughter as my sex slaves. Saying that would provoke a bigger country to just smash me and said, "where's your God?" Happened to jews a lot. Politic evolves faster than religion. So the link got weaken over time. However, original religions may correlate well with original government form. In monotheist, God is the boss and even if everything unite against him, He prevails. Persia as a large empire have that same point of view with zoroaster. In both case, one God is often boss of all boss. El Elyon in Judaism and Zeus in ancient greek are both supreme. So simple hierarchy cannot be the difference. Religion is a very ancient way to impose our will against other. Rather than saying you got to do what I say, people tend to say, and still say, you got to do what my God says. So the kind of God I made up is decided by the kind of claim I found profitable to make. So which one come first depends on which government system show up first. After a while, the link between form of government and number of God tend to get weaken. The bigger the monarchy, the more "almighty" their view of God is. So the nature of god that a person made up tend to correspond to the nature of power that he possess. I was surprised when I found that finding part of the tanach that support unambiguous monotheism before babylonian exiles is not easy. Do you know any? Once you're encircled, there is no chance to win, and you know it. The only option is to break out. If you can't break out, you will die when and where your opponent chooses. Beyond that, the answer depends on your social class. If you are a plebian, you're going to walk. If you are a slave, and IF you are permitted to travel, you're going to walk. If you are of the Senatorial class, you may ride, or you may be carried. The equestrian class were originally those who were wealthy enough to own/support a horse and armor, and notionally if you were below that threshold, you were not going to ride. Another example is going to be very common; a soldier is wounded and unconscious, but awakens before the dead are buried. This is not an example of "faking death", but fits some of OP's requirements. At some point commercial and industrial activity emerges; there is another shift in social organization, in religion and in size of political units. Rome is in this stage; their religious activities are appropriate for their economic activities. (and although the majority of inhabitants in the Roman Empire may have been engaged in politics, those individuals had almost no civil rights - they were slaves. They had religious practice - it is a different question for a different forum if that practice was "pagan". The Romans who were involved in social organization and power the religious and political leaders had nothing to do with agriculture - they owned land and slaves, and may have grown cabbages as a hobby, but their religious questions had nothing to do with the guilt over killing corn. The rules around the Roman Pontifex had nothing to do with harvest - they had to do with preventing him from touching weapons of war and scheduling festivals for the populace. Given that Greek was the lingua-franca of the Eastern Empire, and that (as we saw above) Zenobia had demonstrated a preference for using the Greek versions of her name and titles in inscriptions, it seems most likely that her associates and servants would have addressed her using the Greek "Sebaste" for Empress. The Israelites were probably collecting foreskins for the same reason (e.g. 1 Samuel 18:27). An additional benefit of counting the foreskins would be that, since the Israelite army was presumably already circumcised before the battle, they could be sure that any foreskins collected actually belonged to the enemy. We imagine that Greece lost. How would Rome, Carthage and "the Celts" have fared? I couldn't find any references online (other than the Wikipedia article) to monuments created by Sneferu which include representations of Horus-Behdety. However, the earliest representation is supposed to be in a carving in the Step Pyramid of Djoser at Saqqara. The original shows the head of the god Dionysus on the obverse, and a bunch of grapes on stalk with two leaves on the reverse. The inscription on the reverse was originally NAC ION (which is perhaps rather less-recognisable to tourists), and the difference in the quality of the images between the original coin and the modern souvenir is very noticeable. I should warn you, however, it is always dangerous to derive your conclusions before you have reviewed the evidence. If you use evidence selectively to support your conclusion, you are going to look very foolish when your teacher produces evidence you have ignored to challenge you. So, let's get back to the question. If the Greeks had fallen and were taken under Persian rule would there have been any force in Europe capable of preventing a complete annexation of Europe? The main institutions were the Senate and the military. The personal wealth and power of the members of the Senate, and the rivalries that ensued, threatened to tear the state apart.