BUT! As you see: Unless you have planning on performing a cheese inside his base, you will be unable to keep up the pressure. This is why you only send what you need for the harassment to work and no more. So that you can keep your defense up, take the Xal Naga towers, and so on... 

Why don't I have the right units yet to combat this situation? Did he sneak by or were I too late? He has enough supply at that point, so it wouldn't be a problem sending an overlord to scout. 

A starport, which gives you access to vikings, hellion drops, raven, banshees, and BC! 

Bonus: Demonstration VOD Because a video tells you more than a thousand words. With only a subtle difference against Zerg, the build is safe and isn't dependent on cheese/rush. No maps, no avatars, no updates, but: 

Consider the time it takes to produce a Terran marine army, now consider the amount of Zerglings you can throw at him if you are on three bases and perhaps also have two macro hatcheries. You'll simply outnumber him... ;) 

I guess the first time after you start the game your league settings are updated to match the league you are allowed to play in; so for example if you play in Practice you will have the slow settings and if you advance to ranked leagues you will have faster settings. Stargate: Should be out around 3:30, boost it twice to create a quick void ray. Together with Stalkers from two gates and Phoenix later you can even handle an all-in. 

Supported by Hellions in the front and/or Tanks in the back they are a deadly anti-ground force. What should be my (natural) reflex to decide to build those units? And when should I use what ability? 

When controlling your army, if you are alone it's much more easier to command your different types of units so they don't accidently die. Then you avoid sending in vikings over a group of enemy marines... If you were separated, you would have to share such thoughts with your friends and then his vikings might arrive to early or too late. For example: Are enemy infestors a problem? Consider: 

Not to forget the rule of thumb for Zerg to always have one more expansion than their opponent. 

This fast driving unit allows you to gain excellent map control to figure out where your opponent is, with a bunch of them you can easily take out Drones and Zerglings. As Roaches and Banelings are slower they are less likely to be at his non-natural expansions. And if they are they probably aren't in his natural base, allowing you to let the harassment take place if he didn't build up defense against it. The only problem left here is scouting, given that you can only create 2 Marauders a minute from one Barracks you can't start them once you see the tanks but you rather have to anticipate for it. One option is to integrate Marauders into your build order, and perhaps an hidden expo once you have the money to a location he can't easily access. But, that only works if you managed to take his production out, so it gets a matter of being able to destroy his remaining units... 

Holding CTRL allows you to do this in steps of 100 instead of 50. An aggressive Zerg player in the later game; as there is a turning point where it becomes non-feasible to keep playing defensive (Zerg should contain, not be contained), it's important that one focuses on pushing rather than defending. Because of the high influx of minerals and gas, you'll be able to just throw tons of units into your opponents army as well as use nasty tricks to attack the opponent's bases from different sides. 

If you learned why you'll have a better composition to handle the issue. Indications of an early factory are: You are talking about some kind of Mechanical play? Interesting! Sometimes, you have to use 'the stuff that you barely use' a lot! A 1/1/1 Terran player has Ghost and Raven easily available to him, but I'm barely using them... How can you remedy that? Patrol a Marine between that spot and the third expansion and you will know two things at once: Is there a Proxy in the top section? Does he goes towards my backdoor? Marauders, again, have Consecutive Shells and can tank Baneling damage. Zerg: Roach openings are popular in this case, so you should be doing one too. You won't be able to counter him with Zerglings and Banelings... 

A Terran player would only see that when they planned a Medivac drop at the Mineral Line in your Base, but by then you have Void Rays to take out the Medivac and attack something right after. Some Terran players might see that when they patrol around the map, or check that place for sure if they need their third expansion there... If you do so, you should be able to run around his base and then if he doesn't follow you can hide at his natural, in a corner or go back to the XN Tower. If he does follow you you might want to consider coming back home, or just lose the unit... 

Another situation would be that you see his army defending his third expansion at the side. So as an harass you go for a drop with a small army in his base to take out some Pylons, if your lucky this requires him to take a big portion of his army back from his third expansion to protect his production. 

It's better to let him turtle and deny his natural, wait for him to come out perhaps, other options: As for how, you'll find the answer in the Help in-game or at Liquipedia II, there isn't much more to say: