Children need to learn to eat and it is slow and difficult work. At 6 months or so the food they get by spoon or hand may or may not serve any nutritional purpose, but is part of that learning process for them (and for the adults trying to get it into them.) To manage to function well on less sleep than you really need or most certainly less uninterrupted sleep, make sure your room is perfect for sleeping - if you need to, change your mattress, change the kind of blankets or pillows you have, get blackout curtains, a white-noise thingy if there is noise from outside, and so on. Don't use alcohol or caffeine for a while. If you have trouble falling asleep in the little time you have and then you stress anxiously "I can't get asleep and now it's going to be even worse!" then learn relaxation exercises or meditation. A few things are going to happen if they haven't already with your infant. Finally, make sure you don't have health issues that are making this worse. Make sure he doesn't have acid reflux, for example. Check with your pediatrician regularly about this, and see what they think. First off, you're going to start feeding him solid foods. That will change some of his dependence on breastfeeding to 'feel full'. It won't happen immediately, but it will change as you feed him more. It also will allow you to ease him into a schedule, if you are careful; you can feed him solids at particular regular time points (8am breakfast, 12pm lunch, 6pm dinner, sort of thing) which will help get him used to sleeping. Second off, as he grows, his stomach should expand and be ready to eat more at once. You should by now be able to modify his eating schedule simply by holding out on food for a little while - ie, don't just feed him when he asks. Feed him when he asks plus 30 minutes. Start moving him towards a bottle feeding schedule, where he eats every 3 or so hours (this 'or so' depends on the infant). This will encourage him to eat until he is full, which is going to be a larger amount of food, and help with some of the sleep issues. Many families choose one parent whose sleep will get back to normal much sooner (eg Daddy is going back to work so his sleep can't be messed with) and one who handles nighttime parenting and possibly gets a nap in the daytime. Even if both parents have returned to work sometimes they make this deal, with the up-at-night parent napping in the evening when the other parent is also home, or the up-at-night parent holding a job that doesn't require a lot of mental acuity or physical dexterity. If this is what you plan to do, make sure both parents agree this is the plan. Children need to learn to eat and it is slow and difficult work. At 6 months or so the food they get by spoon or hand may or may not serve any nutritional purpose, but is part of that learning process for them (and for the adults trying to get it into them.) To manage to function well on less sleep than you really need or most certainly less uninterrupted sleep, make sure your room is perfect for sleeping - if you need to, change your mattress, change the kind of blankets or pillows you have, get blackout curtains, a white-noise thingy if there is noise from outside, and so on. Don't use alcohol or caffeine for a while. If you have trouble falling asleep in the little time you have and then you stress anxiously "I can't get asleep and now it's going to be even worse!" then learn relaxation exercises or meditation.