The government has laws regulating conscription; people who evade conscription face a prison penalty (or in extreme cases a death penalty). Thus normal people with families and their place in the society, have no choice but to serve their time in the military, even if they don't support the contemporary government stance or don't support the war. Those are the normal people that if ordered to shoot at the "enemy", always overshoot and don't kill anyone. This sensible behavior was estimated in later time and different country to occur with 70%-90% of infantry soldiers. If the rebels could gather 50% as much as government, it indicates to me that the rebel cause was exceptionally popular. 

In fact I would investigate the opposite cause-effect relation: maybe capturing large numbers of Jews in the East later indirectly provided argument for the complete extermination, as opposed for example to alternative variants of internment/enslavement/expulsion? The rebels have to rely on volunteer force. 

Don't think so. At all times, Nazi party seen Jews as a problem to be solved; they've seen them as people that shouldn't be in Greater Germany. In 1941, they didn't know what to do with Jewish citizens they already had; this was the time of ghettos and concentration camps, but Germans didn't yet consider extermination camps (like Chełmno, Bełżec, ...), nobody envisaged the Holocaust. I guess last thing they wanted is to capture even more Jewish people in 1941. UPDATE: By the way it came to my mind to check the numbers. True Wehrmacht could expect some 150.000 Jewish civilians there, but would they worry about them? I think they were much more worried about some 500.000 Soviet troops, armed and dangerous, which they have just being encircling when closing two pincers in Minsk. Nixon is guilty A private citizen is a subject to impeachment The Belknap episode (a Secretary of War resigned and was nevertheless impeached by Representatives but acquitted by Senate) created a precedent of 8 (eight) 

PPS. See Did Russia Really Go It Alone? How Lend-Lease Helped the Soviets Defeat the Germans and the very entertaining flamewar in comments. Thus, the war plan included a rigid defense and a tight blockade, not a decisive offensive, public statements to the contrary notwithstanding. 

As others have pointed out, it will never be possible to answer this question conclusively based on documents, because the Soviet officials have always been eager to downplay (for the propaganda reasons) the importance of the Allied contribution to the war in general and Lend-Lease in particular, so all the official Soviet sources are suspect (as, by the nature of the USSR, they cannot be independently verified). 

Despite the general perception of "German efficiency", the 3d Reich was far from efficient, in part due to Hitler's tendency to encourage competition by giving the same task to several people. One example is the existence of the Waffen-SS, which grew from three regiments to over 38 divisions (another being Luftwaffe Field Divisions). 

This leaves a "possibility" to impeach (in the Chamber of Representatives) and try (in the Senate) the resigned private citizen. This requires overcoming two hurdles in both chambers: the Representative voting to impeach / the Senator voting to convict must believe two things: Given that USSR exploited every sympathiser for its nefarious purposes (cf. Atomic spies, communists in the state department &c), and given that Hoover, as the FBI Director, was acutely aware of that (much more than the general public!), it is hardly surprising that he viewed everyone leaning to the Left as suspect and wished to undermine them. 

The only way to evaluate the impact of L-L is based on circumstantial evidence. 

Since history is commonly used to justify politics, it is extremely prone to ideological biases. You cannot trust even the primary sources - things written by the event participants. E.g., if you read the Soviet press on 1941 June 20, you will learn that the main war monger is Churchill, and if you read it on 1941 June 25, you will learn that the main war monger is Hitler. 

A greenhouse requires glass (or, these days, plastic). This is fairly expensive, especially 90 years ago, especially in Russia. They make sense when land is scarce and any measure to improve its productivity pays. 

Don't think so. At all times, Nazi party seen Jews as a problem to be solved; they've seen them as people that shouldn't be in Greater Germany. In 1941, they didn't know what to do with Jewish citizens they already had; this was the time of ghettos and concentration camps, but Germans didn't yet consider extermination camps (like Chełmno, Bełżec, ...), nobody envisaged the Holocaust. I guess last thing they wanted is to capture even more Jewish people in 1941. UPDATE: By the way it came to my mind to check the numbers. True Wehrmacht could expect some 150.000 Jewish civilians there, but would they worry about them? I think they were much more worried about some 500.000 Soviet troops, armed and dangerous, which they have just being encircling when closing two pincers in Minsk. 

The government has laws regulating conscription; people who evade conscription face a prison penalty (or in extreme cases a death penalty). Thus normal people with families and their place in the society, have no choice but to serve their time in the military, even if they don't support the contemporary government stance or don't support the war. Those are the normal people that if ordered to shoot at the "enemy", always overshoot and don't kill anyone. This sensible behavior was estimated in later time and different country to occur with 70%-90% of infantry soldiers. The rebels have to rely on volunteer force. If the rebels could gather 50% as much as government, it indicates to me that the rebel cause was exceptionally popular. 

In fact I would investigate the opposite cause-effect relation: maybe capturing large numbers of Jews in the East later indirectly provided argument for the complete extermination, as opposed for example to alternative variants of internment/enslavement/expulsion?