What WIP Limits Are Intended to Do The goals of WIP limits are generally to: TL;DR I think the question of "requirements gathering" is based on a misunderstanding of the agile principles involved, and especially of how user stories are created and how the details of a story should be fleshed out into an implementation. Simply re-framing everyone's expectations properly may help a great deal. All forms of agility require that work flows through defined channels. Your post is tagged kanban so all new work should enter an agreed-upon input queue. Whether this queue is a ticketing system, a Product Backlog, or other artifact is unimportant. What is important is that there are formal agreements in place between the team and the organization about: For example, if you have six team members whose responsibilities don't overlap, your WIP limit should not exceed 6 across all columns on the Kanban, since that is the maximum number of tasks that can be worked on simultaneously without task-switching or multi-tasking. In addition, specific columns may further restrict WIP limits for that columb as a subset of the limit for the Kanban as a whole. There are always exceptions. If regression testing is semi-automated, and six jobs can be run in parallel without multi-tasking by the human agents responsible for the column, you might set the WIP limit for that column to six. The optimal WIP limit for each queue is most definitely an inspect-and-adapt issue that needs to be consistently reviewed by the team and adjusted as necessary over time. Inspect and adapt (after the fact). Your client is violating basic work-in-progress (WIP) limits by requesting work they are unprepared to review or accept. Whether or not this is deliberate, the real failure lies with your senior management since they are failing to manage the client's expectations or actively work to resolve the process issues your organization is facing. Rule 3: If your client will not hold up their end of the cooperative process, or if your management team does not have the leadership skills to either incorporate client responsibilities into the contract or to address process problems with the client, then you should definitely start looking for a job where you will be more successful. Ultimately, the methodology for optimizing WIP limits for columns is the same as optimizing for the board as a whole: your WIP limit for a column must not exceed its mono-tasking capacity, and should be low enough to provide sufficient slack in the process to prevent line-stoppage for minor problems. As a further example, if your Kanban WIP limit is 6, but you have only one person dedicated to Regression Testing, then your WIP limit for the Regression Testing column should most likely be 1; not one test, necessarily, but rather a single story. This smacks of an X/Y problem, where X (the real problem) is likely to be an executive mandate to "do more with less" without prioritizing projects based on both business value and resource constraints. However, you or your organization may have decided to solve for Y by looking for a silver bullet that will make the impossible possible.