I get the impression that the term "demonstrated as a good explanation" is a better way of understanding what "scientific proof" means. Demonstrated in the sense of having evidential support and good entailing some combination of empirical adequacy, generalizability, simplicity etc. If the created hypothesis is true then ... what? Under a strict, philosophical, reading of the quote, Dr. Tyson isn't making much sense; interpreting "science" as "the methodology of science" or "the social endeavor of science" this sentence is a non-sequitur. Even if you are inclined to cut him some slack and interpret science more along the lines of "the findings that science produces", then Dr. Tyson is just making a normative claim about [successful/effective] science -- "The good thing about science...". This short, pithy, sentiment is not meant to be an argument that, in themselves, the truths of science will force everyone to believe them; rather just that, no matter to what extent people actually believe them, the regularities of nature correctly identified by the scientific method, are true regularities of nature. In this sense, it's not really saying much at all. The question seems a bit like: I have a half-assed quasi-formalization of a cartoon version of science, why am I getting a weird conclusion from it? Okay, that was a bit harsh (please forgive my rhetorical flourish), and the idea presented isn't totally wrong, it's just that it over simplifies things to the point where you've lost some important details. If it were accepted, Creationism -- which involves at least a radical revision of geologic timescales and a correspondingly large change in biology -- would be a paradigm shift in the sciences; all of the sciences. Even what would seem to be a more modest idea, like irreducible complexity, would still require radical reconsideration of large chunks of biology, chemistry and physics. Thus, taken as a whole, these efforts do not lie within "normal science". The idea that scientific hypothesis need to make specific observable statements about features of the world is an important part of the scientific method; although in itself, is (probably) not a complete description. If the gravity hypothesis and one sets up a Cavendish experiment then one will observe a (rotational) displacement of the masses. Note, although Bayesian networks are most often applied with an underlying Bayesian interpretation, in this case it is just applied to decompose the overall probability distribution in terms of conditional probabilities. No issues of interpretation arise, we're just given a fully specified game. And all parties can agree that these are the correct conditional relationships. This line of thinking doesn't DISPROVE god(s) in a logical sense, but provide a way for some people to align aspects of the scientific method with atheism. In addition, it is not required that one take a scientific approach on the existence of gods, e.g. some people think that the tri-omni god is logically inconstent, and thus have a logical (not scientific) basis for claiming "no tri-omni gods exist". I believe that you are getting confused between applying the same word, e.g. gravity, to both our understand/description of what is going on and to the actual physical phenomenon. Sometimes explicit language is used to differentiate these cases.