Until you start discussing facts you may be facing the issue that PM is just adding things to your backpack and wait until it's clearly seen you have too much. There can be many reasons of such attitude, starting with a lack of trust and finishing with lack of will to make difficult decisions on task priorities. Either way with no data you won't solve this. Monitoring progress. Again in one-man team it doesn't have to be anything heavy. However I'd try to have tasks not longer than few-day-long, which means you may need to split those coarse-grained features which you came up with when working on the scope of the project. Than it's up to you whether you only need to monitor progress by marking them as done once you're done or you want to have some more data, like real working time or maybe estimates as well. The latter two may help you to estimate future work if you're asked for that and help you to come up with some information when you're going to finish your work. You may consider Kanban as a very lightweight tool to manage tasks and monitor progress in such project. If you work on a product for a defined customer you will also have: Third, use meaningful historical data. Backup your point with experience from the past. Find similar situations and show how overloading team with tasks ended up in late delivery or random choice of tasks or chaos in priorities. Show how effectively you could work at times when the team wasn't overloaded with tasks etc. Basically the best way to become an effective project leader is to show leadership in practice. If you start from nothing probably at the beginning you need small steps. No one would believe in your huge plan designed up-front until you prove that you can successfully plan a small thing. No one would believe you can carry the team through big problems until they learn you're dealing with everyday small issues flawlessly. With such attitude people start considering a person someone they know they can count on whenever a tough time comes and someone they want to have around. They're willing to follow such leader. I don't say it has to be task board or Kanban board. It can be whatever visualization tool which works fine and shows data you want to discuss. This is because in terms of appraising people any rating system is tricky by default. I can answer with a question: what do leaders do? Talking about that, PM has a pretty different perspective of a project, thus their feedback will be even more valuable. If we keep feedback just within a functional group, here: developers, and developers' functional manager we get pretty homogeneous view of a project. Bringing other point of view, especially from someone working closer with a client, would definitely help to make it better. You get the project and development team which is assigned to it recently finished one of those hard-core projects, where everyone is working overtime for long months just to end up being completely burned out. Leave the organization or the part of it controlled by the manager. If you can't change them, leave them. If it is possible to make a transition within the organization that's a safer way but more likely it'll be about leaving the company. If it is more of a product, so you build something which is addressed directly to end-users, like web service, you should also focus on: First, every appraisal, no matter who does it, is arbitrary to some point. If someone isn't fine with that they should find a place where there's no appraisals at all. UPDATE: Since you've already done a few months of planning the general scope should be known pretty well. I'd still consider it's going to change over the way, especially after you get feedback from early adopters. Anyway your focus here should be set on splitting the scope into smaller work items - features, user stories or whatever you feel comfortable with. I wouldn't go into very detailed level here as priorities will be changing, that's for sure. Every PM's activity should be aimed to help with the general goal which is delivering the project on time, on scope and on budget. Basically if anything helps to do that it's the part of PM's job. Dealing with people and resources means getting enough of them to deliver project within constraints. Most of the time the problem is in people, too few or too incompetent, but it's PM's job to react whenever something is wrong and project can't be completed because of insufficient or inappropriate people and/or resources.