The BwO is the limit of the body; not the surface or flesh, but an especially intense body; a key point here is about affectivity being originary. Here's what rhizome.org says about it in their glossary: Keep in mind that every organ has its own rate of flow/breaks, it has speeds and so even its own time; so that there are many temporal dimensions present in a single organism. The body without organs is passive and yet repels the organs. Making yourself a BwO involves freeing lines of flight, experimenting with intensive segments, in a meticulous and even ascetic relation with stratification/organization. One key for me is about the development and organization of new senses, forces, problems -- discovering what a body can do, what a body may become sensitive to -- which involves possibly dangerous (at the very least unpredictable) encounters, and which still all risks remaining a negative exercise without the concepts which could empower and affirm these new distributions of sense, these new problems which reconfigure what is important/unimportant, interesting/uninteresting, etc. 2) Kant later comments on this point and explicates that it was the problem of human freedom which interrupted his dogmatic slumber. See letter to Garve from 1798, quoted from p. 9 in Kreimendahl, Lothar: Der Durchbruch von 1769. Köln 1990 (in German) Concerning your question no. 1: Kant takes over the concept of the supreme good from the philosophical tradition. Aristotle was the first who examined the idea of the supreme good from a philosophical viewpoint (Nicomachean Ethics). Aristotle equated the supreme good with eudaimonia and ranked the latter the goal of human life. 3) http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/kant-science/ testifies a certain influence of Kant’s thoughts on contemporary philosopyh of science. The passage starts: 3) In the Critique of Pure Reason Kant writes 1787: We do not know anything about the thing-in-itself, because we have no direct contact. As a first approximation, thing-in-itself is a synonym to noumenon. And phenomenon is a synonym to experience. 3) The 3 pure ideas of our reason: Freedom, God, Immortality as the result from our human capabilities of reason (CpR: Transcendental Dialectic) The concept of mind-space seems a risky term in this connection. Better calling the domain of experience mind-space. Because it is result of our constructive experience. The outer world of the thing-in-itself is sometimes named reality. But one has always to check how the author in question defines his terms. Of course you can try to win a game of chess. You shouldn't play someone at chess simply to win, but rather because you want to have an enjoyable experience with them. And you're not contradicting their rational will by struggling with them for victory, because they do not in fact have a will but rather a wish to win. Winning a game of chess is not completely in our control, but rather relies at least in part on the actions of another, so while we can desire it, we cannot will it in the same way we would, say, will that we stand up. For instance if two people are being lowered into a pit of lava. I can pull one lever and save one, or pull the other lever and save the other, but if both levers are pulled, both die. If we are unable to literally escape* being submitted to unethical treatment, do we simply have to grin and bear it? How, according to Kant, ought we respond when the categorical imperative obliges us to take two mutually-exclusive courses of action? For Kant, we are prohibited from using people as purely means. Unfortunately things like physically stopping someone from doing violence onto you just because you don't want to be wounded seems to very much be using them as a means and not an end. Providing counterexamples completely misses the point. Kant's task is to start essentially at the beginning, by analyzing the pure concepts of morality, duty, freedom, etc, and to see what he can make with them. While we would of course like to have the results of this investigation match up with our every moral intuition, we cannot possibly require this. Then we would be stipulating the correctness of our intuition, something which we have no justification for. From the Groundwork section 2, emphasis mine: A small note: All of that is seperate from the morality of any given action, but I find most of the really repugnant conclusions stem from a misunderstanding, or an artificially constrained set of options. I have an obligation to keep others from peril and an obligation not to hurt people. So I'm obligated to try and save one of them, but in doing so, I ensure the death of the other. This seems to be fundamentally different than the trolley problem. Saving one person does not entail dooming another, previously uninvolved party---and yet it means the person I did not save is certainly doomed.