But again, the data are clear. We have studied police states and surveillance in cults. To the degree that actual violence is a part of surveillance, it creates fear of the consequences of misunderstandings. Even if you are innocent, you can look guilty and get punished. People act on this fear, causing subterfuge, sabotage and rampant basic dishonesty to undercut the effectiveness of the surveillance. 

Where does the distinction arise? Fairly early: If I decide to solve a mechanical problem in my car by disposing of the car, I am not solving the problem. The problem is that I do not have a functioning car, and after disposing of the car, I still do not have a functioning car. We need a definition of 'solved' that makes sense, and that involves discerning the functional failure of the system and addressing it. 

That entire inclination in Western thought hits me as simply classist/sexist dismissal of the working-class/male role outright. Marcuse aside, we cannot universally adopt the middle-class/female privilege of choosing to put aside aggression and presuming someone else will coordinate protection. 

You are presuming you are strong to begin with, that you can enforce your revenge without irreparable damage coming to yourself in other ways. If your revenge is against a popular and influential member of society, and you are a member of a lower class, any time you attempt revenge, you could well end up dead. 

This looks like a philosophical question - but isn't; it's touched upon in the anthropological literature, for example by Claude Levi-Strauss, who using elements of Mauss's The Gift, explained the universal incest taboo via a theory of kinship networks. 

Troubles my sight: somewhere in sands of the desert 

Then an aesthetic of alterity, should be, it seems revelatory of a moment of alterity, as an other recognised; but not as exotica, if one is to align with Levinas's ethics of alterity. 

How do I connect the the philosophy to the literary here? 

It is the arousal of pity and horror, and then their cleansing or purification that Aristotle calls Cartharsis. To now go onto the points that you raise: 

In contemporary European philosophy, following on from the Frankfurt school; and developing a notion from Marx - alienation - is to remove himself from the rhythm of Nature to that of the Factory; to thus divide his being; to alienate himself from himself and to aloows himself to be remolded into a commodity; one understands early Capitalism as the industrialisation of the Body; and middle Capitalism as the industrialisation of the Mind; in the situationist analysis of Guy Debord one becomes distracted by the Spectacle; Simone Weil wrote of the rootlessness of the peoples of Europe (L'Enracinement); and Hannah Arendt diagnosed the arrival of mass society as a melting down of particularities (The Human Coindition); similar sentiments have been also diagnosed by poets; for example the disenchantment of the world by the erasure of traditional Christianity in the reactive counter-enlightment has Matthew Arnold predicting in Dover Beach that 

So, the question then becomes: why is "a mechanic or a mercantile life...ignoble and inimical to virtue"? 

And in this case, the situation is even more clear cut, as the question relates not to the answerer of a question, but the asker. I don't see how anyone could expect there to be an ethical imperative constraining people from making use of valuable information that one did not directly create, but only indirectly inspired through the posing of a question. 

Well, to begin with, that's a terrible misquotation of Aristotle. 

I want to flesh out this answer a bit more, as I coincidentally came across some passages in some unrelated work I was doing that seems germane to the point. The passages are in reference to skepticism and epistemology, but I think that the notions transfer (ceteris paribus) to the ethical domain in a straightforward fashion. 

Actually, children aren't taught this. They are taught that different cultures have different values, and that it is important to be understanding and tolerant of those values, and that right and wrong is always made in the context of a particular system of belief. But, at the same time, they are also taught that there are some universally held values (such as those encoded in the UN's Declaration of Human Rights).