To fully understand point 2, I want to compare these three passages to 1 Timothy 5:9: 

The idea of "one flesh" does not mean that the man is exclusive to that woman. It means that they join themselves as if married. This is true regardless of who the man does this with. 

We can see that polygamy was commonly accepted in the New Testament from the Parable of the Ten Virgins (Matthew 25:1-13). In this parable, Jesus tells of a bridegroom that is preparing to marry ten women. This parable was used by Jesus to describes himself. The polygamous bridegroom in the parable is a reference to Jesus. There's another reference to them in 2 Samuel: 

We Christians are told to uphold the law and subject ourselves to the law 

There are several passages that show that a man becomes "one flesh" with a woman regardless if it is his wife or a prostitute. That is the purpose of this passage: not to exclude polygamist, but to find men who should be held up as models for the community. Men who are faithful and can maintain a marriage faithfully. It was, in fact, the Greek and Roman rules against polygamy that spread (along with the Grecian and Roman empires) and became the culture, forcing out the practice of polygamy. 

Because of this, polygamy is a sin if (and only if) it breaks the law. Similarly, it is a sin in the same manner and degree that breaking a speed limit is a sin: it's something not forbidden by God and solely forbidden by the law. Answering Aguments Against Polygamy God tolerated the sin for the time being 25 Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her 

Polygamy modelled by Jesus's parable This Roman practice has tangled itself into the Christian culture (via the early Roman Catholic church) and therefore all "Christian" nations since (founded under Western culture) have adopted the laws prohibiting polygamy from their outset. 

Many use Titus 1:6 and 1 Timothy 3:2,12 against polygamy. They say that these verses talk about how deacons, overseers, and elders should be men of "one wife". It was these two huge historical forces that established monogamy in our society--not something born of God, but something born of Pagan societies. 

Point 1: Simply because elders should be a "man of one wife", does not prevent polygamy among everyone else in the church. On the contrary, if we look at the life of David, we see that he was a man highly loved by God and yet had multiple wives. Some, however, use this very example to show how polygamy is wrong because his children fought (with each other and their parents). However, can we blame this on David or his wives? Absolutely not.