Emails: Font and size. Instructions about subject line, who to CC, and the signature block to append. 

"No — please — don't go — I love you!" she cried, but the door closed with the final, echoing thud of a guillotine, cutting her off from love, from light, from warmth, for her reason for existence. She crumpled to the floor, her fiery red hair spilling around her onto the carpet, and wept until she thought her heart might shatter in her chest. 

If it looks silly that you're italicizing the name so many times, maybe you need to edit the piece so you aren't saying the name so much. 

If it's the name of a book or magazine, italicize it. 

You have a scene already, right? John walks into the room, says something to Mary, Mary responds. 

I absolutely would not use quotes for telepathy or internal thoughts if you're using quotes for verbal speech; it's visually confusing. 

"I never loved you," he announced, cool as a glacier in January. "You were the pleasure of an hour, my dear, and that doesn't include commercial breaks." 

Photos and Credits: If a photo of a writer is used, what size, color, and position. Type specs for bylines. If stock photos are being purchased, guidelines about what imagery is appropriate. 

"Don't act so surprised," he sniffed, pulling on his butter-soft leather jacket and slipping on his Ray-Ban sunglasses. "You know I can't be tied down to any one woman. I'm a free spirit. Gone with the wind." 

"Torrid" means "passionate." Unless you're describing how the air is filled with pheromones which cause every living thing breathing it to suddenly start humping whatever's nearest (which would be a very different kind of story), this is not what you want. 

Is this supposed to imply that he's looking at her the way, what, their old shared teacher or commander used to do? Because otherwise he's literally borrowing someone else's face to look at her, which is incoherent. 

Wording: Special phrases the company uses. Grammar quirks. When to use the serial comma. Spelling out numbers. How to format certain phrases in body copy. How to format phone numbers and times of day. How a press release is structured and worded. 

To start with, you have too many invented terms without definition all in a row. Hearthsoul, assassin pouches, luck fairy? 

PowerPoint: Everything in the previous sections, but for PowerPoint slides rather than printed piece. 

What paper can be used: General paper preferences and special paper used for certain pieces. 

So the land warped in this direction? I finally got that after the eighth or ninth read. I previously thought this might have meant the wind. 

ETA at Neil's request While this may seem contrary, I would say that a series of books which has a formal title doesn't get formatting at all: the Lord of the Rings trilogy, the Last Herald-Mage trilogy, the Belgariad, the Malloreon, the Dragonriders of Pern series. My instinct is that each of these is a name for a collection of things, an umbrella term, rather than a proper name. 

If you are not dealing with lawyers, then change the underlines to italics as a matter of course. If the writers object, tell them, "But in typesetting, when something is underlined in the manuscript, that's what it means. It's telling the typesetter 'italicize this.'" Brook no arguments. 

Land does not move. You don't indicate that it's an earthquake; the protagonist acts like he just stepped onto an escalator. You are introducing a HUGE world-building element here — that the land is capable of motion — and you ignore it. You don't have to explain it, but you do have to give us enough context and detail that we understand that you meant to do this, that it's a natural part of this planet/dimension/etc., and what the planet, flora, fauna, architecture, transit, society, government, and characters have done to adapt to "ground that doesn't stay put." I could go on for a page and half about why this is such a big fat hairy deal. 

AP and Chicago are mostly about the construction of writing — when to use a semi-colon, how to capitalize, the placement of someone's title. A Corporate Style Guide, also called Corporate Standards, is much more about design. It covers fonts, colors, logos, graphics, branding, positioning of elements, and maybe specific phrases used by the company. 

You "recite" something which is repeated or often said; it's not just a synonym for speaking. 

As a final check, compile your document with random sections, hand off to a beta reader, and ask the reader if anything led to a term which wasn't defined. Re-compile with different sections, lather, rinse, repeat. 

Logos: Approved corporate logos, non-approved logos. How big the logo should be. Where the logo should be placed on the page. Partner logos and where they go in relation to the company logo. 

There's a chance that this works in a longer excerpt, but broadly, you are throwing too many terms at the reader which are invented and out of context, and expecting us to not just catch up but already understand and follow along. 

If it's the name of an article or blog post, put it in quotes. 

The only exception is certain legalese, if the lawyers insist on underlining for some archaic reason which gives formatting weight in court. Still annoying, but there's no arguing with Legal. 

Layout: Examples of every conceivable kind of printed piece the company distributes, including stationery. Placement of logos, titles, text, margins, and page numbers are specified.