Somebody in the comment thread below says that Jaworski, a professional philosopher of mind who published a peer-reviewed book on the subject with a reputable publisher is just wrong about the definition of "qualia." Let me quote some evidence. I'll start with an excellent introduction to the philosophy of mind. Ok, so let's look and see what other scholars in standard, peer-reviewed reference works thing. 

The question about The Other, so far as I can tell, is ethical. "What should I do to/for/with the Other?" Of course, the complicating factor is that sometimes authors like Levinas tend to make (seemingly implausible) claims about The Other that look metaphysical, like, "You can't be a self until you encounter an Other." I am not qualified to speak to what the reasons for such claims might be, however. 

(2) But you can be a person without encountering the other. 

Chalmers does go on to suggest ways in which he will try to avoid, or at least soften the blow, of having to make qualia epiphenomenal, but whether those responses are successful is a matter of further scholarly controversy. For my money, I don't think any of his proposed fixes, like endorsing causal overdetermination, or extreme humeanism about causation look even remotely plausible. 

Finally, we "generalize" to conclude with: Regarding "the picture theory of meaning that the later Frege rejected", we have to consider the fundamental Context principle that Frege formulated already in 1884 and that is present also in Wittgenstein's TLP. For further discussions, see : 

The "correct" interpretation of Newton's ideas and researches on light is a complex issue and Newton's theory for sure evolved during time. Conclusion : it is not a question of "seeing the truth of ...". We have a strict mathematical proof of a conditional : The argument above licenses the: 

It can be frustrating ... bu Frege has no "theory of mind", nor a thpoery of language aquisition. 

For detailed discussions of the so-called Lucas-Penrose arguments, see : In order to speak of truth, we have to add the "semantical" side [see : Daniel Isaacson, Sufficient conditions undecidability of the Gödel sentence and its truth (2007)]. 4) ¬ (Force(Thought) & Contrary-to-Inertia(Thought)) ∨ ¬ (Body(x) & Possess(x,Thought)). See P.A. Brunt, Studies in Stoicism (2013), page 455: 

Assume F ⊢ G; then ProvF(⌈G⌉) and, by the condition F ⊢ G ↔ ¬ProvF(⌈G⌉), we have that G is false. Then, by soundness of F (i.e. F proves only true sentences) : F ⊬ G, contradicting our assumption that F ⊢ G. Thus, by propositional logic : F ⊬ G. To complete Cort Amon's answer, I would say that there is a difference between reproducing physical phenomena and computing them. 

http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/psychiatry/ If your question is more on the illness/disease distinction: both words have the same translation in many languages ("maladie" in french). The distinction is probably minor and unrelated to the physical/mental distinction. I found this link, where it is argued that disease refers to a precise cause, whereas illness refers to an unspecified state: http://www.anglaisfacile.com/forum/archives2/forum-anglais-2383.php In which case the question amounts to whether mental illness can be further specified. My answer below is that it is controversial, in that the field of psychiatry is not yet a mature science. There are also arguments for realism that say that it would be a miracle that our concepts are so successful if they were not corresponding to real entities. Brain in a vat scenarios are kind of conspirational, and would need extraordinary evidence to be warranted (but they cannot have evidence by their very nature). EDIT: here is a text that defends this kind of arguments against scepticism: http://www.konversari.com/2015/12/27/scepticism-and-metaphysics.html Your question is about metaphysical realism and skepticism. There are indeed radical sceptic arguments against realism such as Descartes's demon, brain in a vat or the idea that one is actually dreaming, but also reasons to resist these arguments. 

One could also provide a transcendental argument to the effect that a minimal form of realism is a prerequisite for knowledge, so that realism is a priori justified. 

All this is related to the debate on the foundations of knowledge. You can have a look at these resources: http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/skepticism/ http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/epistemology/ 

Note that contemporary physics is not computable, or only using strong approximations (and even then you only get probabilities). Also note that cloning a physical system is physically impossible (cf. the no cloning theorem) so even reproduction could be impossible... 

Here are some more ressources (SEP entries): 

There are also more pragmatic arguments to the effect that systematic doubts about the world would make no practical difference (whether this table is real or is a simulation makes no difference for all practical purpose). Following a pragmatic attitude, one could be a quietist: one chooses to remain silent about the question of realism or to consider it meaningless, because what matters and what is meaningful is what has practical imports. 

I am not a specialist in the philosophy of medicine, but I know it is a controversial issue. Diseases can be classified by symptoms, or by causes. There are arguments in the philosophy of language (by Kripke and Putnam) to the effect that natural kinds terms do not refer to collections of symptoms. For example the manifestations covered by the term "acid" have change during the history of science, but arguably the term was refering to the hypothetical cause of the manifestations, not to a set of symptoms (taste and so on), and its meaning did not really change. We only got to know better what an acid is. Today there is a precise definition of acid in atomic structural term. The problem is that contrarily to "acid", our terms do not necessarily "cut nature at its joints", they do not always refer to natural kind. So a relevant question would be: do mental diseases refer to natural kinds? For most of them, they are classified by their symptoms by contemporary psychiatrists (we don't really know the causes, even though in some cases genetic factors are identified). This behavioral approach is a sign that psychiatry is not yet a full fledged science (just as alchemy was classifying natural elements by their aspects, while chemistry has structural definitions). So the question remains open. The question is particularly difficult for bipolarity, schyzophrenia and depression: it's not clear whether these are really different diseases or different aspects of the same type of problem, or not even unified diseases.