For example, a referee may have his back to one of the assistant referees and an off-the-ball incident such as a fight may be going on behind him. The referee won't notice the assistant however much flag waving he is doing so the assistant referee will alert the referee by "paging" him with his electronic flag. 

Now, you'll notice from the image I posted that the buzzer flags look like ordinary assistant flags. In your question, you ask why the 5th and 6th officials have these wands. 

However, I doubt we'll be seeing them any time soon because, from personal experience, the extra fabric inhibits the movement of the knee joint. This makes longer shorts impractical, which is likely why FIFA doesn't need to mention them. 

I'll not repeat what the other answers have already correctly stated but I will provide an answer relating to a subpart of your question: 

David Unsworth - Goals: 38 (22 penalties) 

I've read a number of articles over the years about how playing an away game can be a considerable disadvantage above the obvious difference in supporter numbers. Here are some that I recall. 

What you'll actually find is that all of the officials are adopting these pager and communication systems. The 5th and 6th officals' wands look more like simply flag-handles. This is because there is nothing in the laws of the games catering for flag signals by these two goal-line assistants - therefore they don't have the yellow and red flag fabric on them. 

Incidentally, if you include penalties, the top five would be: 

In making this alert, the referee's armband or transceiver unit will vibrate and possibly also make an audio alarm in his earpiece. The devices can be configured so that each official has a different audio tone so that the referee knows which assistant is paging him. 

The key word here is "careless". When running behind a player you need to take care that you don't trip him. If you do, you will be penalised with a direct free-kick against your team. 

To that end: Shorts below the knee are permitted. 

It's a short answer, but "Yes". 

As you can see from this, you've got Terry and Hyypia who are very dominant in the air, thus being a great asset from corners and free kicks. Riise and Petrescu are known for their attacking wing play as well as Riise being a free-kick specialist. Gallas, whilst used to playing more centrally, had a spell as a left-wing-back for Chelsea and, at Arsenal and Tottenham, does like to get forward at all opportunities. 

The rule regarding caps was brought in to afford goalkeepers better visibility in sunny conditions, with the cap shading the eyes from the glare of the sun. The rule includes the line "irrespective of the prevailing conditions" so that goalkeepers can also where a cap even if there is no sun. Some goalkeepers will wear a cap in the rain so that their vision is not impaired by rainwater in their eyes. 

Sometimes a club may loan a player to another team but, as a requirement, they may stipulate that the loanee player must complete a certain number of minutes or games for the agreement to go through. 

However, this is pertinent to the question, it's interesting and it is going to be longer than a comment. 

As already stated, Law 4 of the "Laws of the Game" states that shorts are compulsory. 

One example that springs to mind is when Martin Keown needed one more cap to qualify for a EPL medal with Arsenal. Ray Parlour jokingly pretended to get ready to come on as their last substitution to frighten him (Keown) into thinking he wasn't going to play and get his medal.