You were told totally incorrect information, propaganda. The Soviet rule was overwhelmingly popular in the USSR, except possibly the Baltic republics and Western Ukraine. It was somewhat less popular with humanitarian elites though (show business, writers etc.). I want also point out that even the most of those who disliked Socialism or the Communist Party, supported the existence of the USSR as a united country because of patriotism. 

In yet another scene when the new wives to the sultan's harem are tested in military conscription like manner a black woman is shown to have better teeth than a white one, so that the white one is envy. 

Given these reports and the harvest statistics (which was known to Stalin) it is possible to suggest that Stalin possibly thought that there was enough food available and the farmers intentionally had hidden it and starved due to their own greed. 

So when you ask whether the people supported "reforms", well, maybe 60% supported it but because they supported the government and the government said the reforms were to improve Socialism. 

Pacific = Washington, Oregon, California, Alaska, Hawaii 

Fortunately, there has been some scientific polling done on this topic, which is much more reliable than the TV poll where Stalin was voted the third-best Russian. Stalin still commands considerable respect in Russia and the Caucasus states, but attitudes vary greatly with the framing of the question. 

In 1993, Stalin's raw favorable/unfavorables were at 27/55 for net -28 favorability. That's pretty low, but what if you ask if Stalin gets enough admiration for his role in building socialism? Then you get 42% of Russians in 1997 saying he deserves more admiration for building socialism, versus 30% who say he gets enough. 

Here's a question from the 1977 GSS asking how you would feel if a relative married someone of another race: 

**New England = Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island 

The two-mindedness of attitudes toward Stalin is on display in the following graph, which shows that pluralities in all four nations simultaneously view him as "a wise leader" and "a cruel, inhuman tyrant." 

Prohibition ended just before scientific polling took off in the U.S., so we don't have high-quality polls from the 1920s. What we do have are polls of magazine readers.* 

The answer: probably not. The basic humanity of the two presidents aside, the well-known economist Amartya Sen argues that electoral pressures in functioning democracies tend to prevent famine. And indeed, the first presidential election after the start of the Depression brought in an administration and Congress devoted to using the power of the state to distribute food and resources to needy Americans. 

Second, as Wladimir Palant pointed out, unification with Romania requires abandoning any hope to restore Transnistria as a part of the country. Transnistria in theory only agrees to reunify under condition of no future NATO membership of Moldova. This rules out the possibility of incorporation into Romania. 

Overall the picture was the same: where the less were procurements, the higher was mortality. 

The official pretext I believe was that it showed Munchhausen to have an adultery with Russian empress Catherine the Great which was perceived as anti-Russian. But this is quite surprising given that 

In this video a Russian philosopher and politologist Alexander Dugin explains his point of view on the reasons of popularity of Stalin: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URDsT6HXRhQ . In short his point of view is that Stalin is an image, archetype of a father of nation that is imbeeded in Russian mentality irrespective of what actually was historical Stalin and that this archetype is a constant to Russia. He claims that the people want a leader under which the elites will suffer and fear, and Stalin is exactly such leader. He also claims that the popularity of Stalin rises due to comparison with modern leaders.