As far as the prevalence of the practice, this is a bit more difficult to confirm, but we do know that Cyril of Jerusalem (313–386) commanded it of women in his catechetical lectures: 

Thus, in order to provide a reasonably comprehensive answer the question, it will be necessary to outline Anselm's argument, briefly discussing its logic, and citing the biblical passages that he references along the way. Turning now to proponents of the doctrine, whose objectivity some might call into question, we find many claims of support from the church fathers. First, Henry More (1614–1687) wrote a number of works on the subject, and tracks the history of the doctrine in the preface to his Collection of Several Philosophical Writings. Starting on page xx, he cites Clement of Alexandria (Stromata, Books I and III, and a letter to Julius Cassianus), Basil of Caesarea, Gregory of Nazianzus, Synesius, Arnobius, Prudentius, and Augustine (though he cites only De libero arbitrio, and not Augustine's later works). Unfortunately, most of More's specific examples are in Latin or Greek, making it difficult for non-scholars to judge the original intent of the quoted authors. Those who want to examine the quality of his interpretations can review them in the linked work. 

For King, individual salvation in some ways resembles that of historic Protestantism – man is a sinner needing salvation, which is by faith – but differs in other ways, such as in his rejection of a physical resurrection of believers. This understanding fits neatly in his broader understanding of salvation, which applies not just to individuals, but to societies as well. 

From this understanding, perhaps aided by Aristotelian philosophy, developed the doctrine of ensoulment, that is, that fetuses do not gain souls upon conception. For example, though Thomas Aquinas (d. 1274) condemned abortion, he does not interpret this passage to mean that early ("pre-formation" and therefore "pre-soul") abortion is murder: 

The discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls in 1948 led to most scholars to reject this idea of the Didache depending on Barnabas. But Bruce Metzger (1989) reports that "most" scholars still "prefer a date in the first half of the second century."3 That puts it on the very fringes of the apostolic age. (I'm British. The question is occasioned by finding an American bishop styled as "Most Reverend" and thinking "But he's not an archbishop!") 

Popes confess to another priest, like any other priest. Pope Francis' long-standing confessor is a Croatian Franciscan priest in Argentina, Fr Berislav Ostojic. 

How is that difference (between the custom in the British Isles and that in other Bishops' Conferences) explained? Or, did the nascent Church of England separate the styles (so the Roman styles outside Britain are historic) and then the emancipated Catholic Church simply fall into line when the hierarchy was re-established in the United Kingdom? 

In the British Isles, bishops of both the Roman Catholic Church and the Anglican Churches are all styled "Right Reverend"; archbishops are "Most Reverend": I don't know where to look for an accurate telling of the history. 

I'm not sure that confession can be conducted by telephone, so presumably one goes to see the other. 

People get to choose their own confessor whom they are comfortable with and trust to give good advice. The Pope is no different to anyone else. I guess that the similarity between the Churches within the British Isles is a hangover from the Reformation, and it would appear to indicate that the distinction existed in the pre-Reformation Church and was carried into the Church of England. In which case, why is there no difference between Catholic bishops and archbishops outside Britain now? When were bishops elevated to archbishops' style? 

There are a few ways to look at the origin of the word Easter: For King, individual salvation in some ways resembles that of historic Protestantism – man is a sinner needing salvation, which is by faith – but differs in other ways, such as in his rejection of a physical resurrection of believers. This understanding fits neatly in his broader understanding of salvation, which applies not just to individuals, but to societies as well. Note that I've corrected obvious spelling errors in the quoted material. Thus, in order to provide a reasonably comprehensive answer the question, it will be necessary to outline Anselm's argument, briefly discussing its logic, and citing the biblical passages that he references along the way. 

Not surprisingly, the early scholars that argued for a late date (again, an idea that is now widely rejected) find no evidence for apostolic authorship. Robinson, for example, argues that the "mysterious" author simply recast the Epistle of Barnabas,4 and "was merely imaginatively reconstructing" what he thought was the teaching of the twelve apostles.5