But China has or is going to take over no matter what. You might debate the details of its statistics or the exchange rate, it might face a serious crisis at some point in the future and it's still much poorer than the US, Japan or Western Europe on a per capita basis in any case but it is mind-bogglingly huge. And so it already has a very large GDP. That's all it takes to be the world's first economy. 

That's why beyond all considerations regarding fairness, unemployment, poverty, etc. recent austerity programmes in Europe even fail at what is ostensibly their main objective, namely reducing the weight of the debt (relative to the GDP). The only thing austerity achieves (and perhaps that's the objective) is to permanently reduce the size of the state. That's true both in the euro area (which has specific structural problems) and in countries like the UK or Sweden (which don't face the same constraints but have adopted austerity policies nonetheless). 

There are a few other things that makes the US seem richer but might not reflect any actual structural difference. For example, US workers tend to work more (over their lifetime) than, e.g., Europeans. Because of that they do produce more “stuff” (to quote a recent advertisement) that shows up in the GDP calculation but they have less time available for other endeavors. 

And the 2001 European Union was already very different from the 1957 European Economic Community, with the merger of the three European Communities, the directly-elected European Parliament, (mostly failed) attempts at creating a common defense or foreign policy, the police and justice cooperation, the Schengen border-free area, the “EU citizenship” and broader free-movement rights established by the Maastricht treaty, etc. 

Finally, don't forget that the US is big (and China is even bigger). You mentioned GDP (not GDP per capita, purchasing power parity, productivity or whatever but just GDP). One factor behind it is obviously population size. There are a few countries that might be richer than the US on a per capita basis and quite a few that are only slightly poorer but all those that come close are smaller in terms of population. In total, the US also produces a lot because it is simply bigger (the EU is keen on lumping all its member states together to produce impressive stats but those are still independent countries). 

Incidentally, you wrote somewhere that military spending is “only” 5% of the GDP. It sounds like a lot to me and at the end of the day, US production is going to be the sum of all these “small” sectors. Unlike some other countries, it's certainly true that the US is not dominated by one or two narrowly defined sectors so there is no “one thing” the US produces above all else.