This can work for terms that are derived, but at some point you'll need primitive terms that cannot be defined this way but will be used to define other terms (you'll reach the bottom of your conceptual system). 

A strict definition associate a term with an equivalent statement, in such a way that the term can be substituted with the other statement in any sentence without changing the meaning of the sentence. In your question, what you call emergence is simply composition. Sometimes scientists use it as such, but philosophers usually mean irreducibility by emergence. 

I don't know if the objection was raised but I believe that naturalised epistemology proponents have the resources needed to answer the objection. The reason, I think, is that being willing to revise one's belief in front of contradictory experience is not the same as not having the belief outright, or being sceptical about it. Emergence is the opposite of reduction. Holism is the opposite of separability. EDIT: perhaps the argument is even more general and does not depend on continuous change. Consider a composite system S1+S2. The extensive magnitudes of S1 and S2 will add up while the speeds of S1 and S2 won't (you'll take average speed for the composite system). Insofar as nature's behaviour does not depend on how you name and group things, extensive magnitudes cannot be directly relevant for movement. 

If NE is sceptical about meaning, a more subtle objection could target the view that there are no meanings: after all, NE rests on a scepticism about a priori meaning and analyticity. The objection would go: "you say you don't believe in analyticity but you show otherwise". I'm not sure that kind of objection can get off the ground because analyticity is not a trivial, common sense concept that would be implicit in so many arguments. At least the burden is on the attacker to show that a NE defender is using the notion. Perhaps the notion of meaning is more common sense and often used implicitly, but the defender of NE can argue that she has an aposteriori conception of meaning as use, and that what she is sceptical about is the idea that meaning is a priori. I think there is no such epistemic principle, but given that there are always many possible explanations to a given observation (including hallucination or dream), if the fact that something happens by mere coincidence is highly improbable, then there is always a chance that one of the alternative explanations will get more credence. There are different things we can call definitions. 

Perhaps there is a point where the hypothesis that an observation arrives by mere coincidence should be given less credit than the laws of physics themselves, which raises interesting questions: this coincidence can be considered strictly impossible because we'd revise our physics rather than believe it. However it seems possible, at least in principle, to be more and more confident in our physics (in its completeness, in our perfect control of the observed situation, etc) to the point that we'd accept that it couldn't be anything but a coincidence. Now in everyday situations we are very far from this level of control. The same goes for euclidean geometry: lines, points segments and angles are the primitive terms and they are not strictly defined, but implicitly through axioms which say how points and lines behave relatively to each other. 

One could argue "well, you're not really willing to revise beliefs such as 'red is a color' because if you did, you'd only change the meaning of 'red' or 'color', so you're not sincere when you say you would revise anything". This argument misses the point: it's not obvious whether we changed or not the meaning of 'space' when we switched to non-euclidean geometry, and the defender of NE will say that meaning is a dubious, or at least a flexible notion and that there is no fact of the matter whether it is the meaning of 'space' or our beliefs about space that we changed. If it turns out that our notion of color is not as appropriate as we think and that it must be redefined in such a way that red is no more a color (or perhaps only in certain widespread contexts), then why not switch to this new framework?