INFINITY EDGE IS RECOMMENDED ON 

Named Unique Auras do NOT stack. However the Aura Article specifically says that the Captain Enchantment is a passive effect and NOT an Aura. 

Knowing your team is important but knowing the enemy team might just be more important. Knowing enemy champions, abilities and tendencies will allow you to make the correct decisions regarding: who and when to gank, when and where to push, watch to watch for when being baited, etc. Note there are guides to all of the above elsewhere so a detailed description of each will not be covered here. However, here is another example: 

There isn't really much more to say. Her Rapid Fire ability increases her attack speed by 90% and her Innate: Draw a Bead gives her the longest (passive) attack range in the game. Infinity Edge is a strong purchase for Tristana early in the game because it gives her some real attack damage, which she is lacking from base stats alone. You have to be playing your champion and simultaneously aware in some way of all of the above. Things like the Mini Map and communication are good tools to make sure you and your allies are aware of what is going on but there is also some degree of awareness that comes with experience. 

This answer was intended to focus more on the act of leading than to describing the specific situations and circumstances which may be encountered. In the end, every game situation is unique and will need a different approach. It should also be noted that mastering the game mechanics and becoming a good individual player is not the same as being a good leader. Communication and team play are imperative when seeking wins and an improved gaming experience overall. Let's pretend your ally is Jax or Katarina and they are in trouble. Sometimes, you can save them by being in range of their Leap Strike/Shunpo abilities, allowing them to jump out of a gank. Leading is often more about being in the right place at the right time than telling other people where to be. If you are often at the right place at the right time (leading by example) players will recognize your competence and tend to congregate where you are, which is nice when starting a group push is your intention. 

First, we will identify what Infinity Edge is. Infinity Edge gives +80 Attack damage, 25% Critical Strike Chance and +50% Critical Strike Damage (Unique) at a total cost of 3830 gold. 

Please keep in mind that there are a huge number of champion builds out there with different focuses and an ever changing metagame. 

Another option if you find you are getting ganked too often is to pick up a sight ward. 75g for the peace of mind that the enemy isn't waiting in that bush in river is worth it in most cases. This applies whether or not your support is buying wards already. Wards win games, don't believe anyone who tells you otherwise. 

While this question is short and to the point, there are a number of facets to it that make it a very interesting, if not difficult, question to answer. You need to be able to guide your allies to accomplish whatever objective is in the best interest of the team and you need them to listen to you. Therefore, you should probably be talking and communicating with your team from the start of the game. If you start to bark out orders once everyone is level 9 or at the 20 minute mark, no one is going to listen to you because they will have developed their own strategy since none was presented to them. This being said, commanding and just pinging are insufficient to obtain the role of team leader. Some players will respond to "mid needs help" while others will need to be explicitly told and yet others won't ever listen to you at all (it happens). So you need to know the players on your team almost as well as the game itself to be an effective leader. INFINITY EDGE NOT RECOMMENDED ON 

Critical Strike Damage is the bonus damage that is dealt when a champion scores a critical strike. Critical Strike Damage has a base of 100% which means that a normal attack with no modifiers that would normally deal 100 damage deals 200 damage instead. (100 base + 100 base * 100% critical strike damage). The same attack with an Infinity Edge would have dealt 250 damage (100 base + 100 base * 150% critical strike damage). Furthermore, according to the Lethality Wikia entry, When laning with a partner you trust (someone you play with regularly who understands the support role) you may even want to consider dropping the first Doran's purchase for +1 Boots and 3 Potions. That translates to 600 hps of sustaining power through potions and the maneuverability to dodge harass if you can see it coming. Also, the bonus damage in the laning phase (before your BF Sword purchase) is mostly last hit damage and can be compensated for by paying close attention to minion health rather than purchasing +10 damage that doesn't build into a late game item you want.