I've followed the literature for a while, and no, there aren't any strong arguments I know of against all cases of transferring genetic material between species. 

Part of what's confusing here is that no connection is offered between this objection and the terms of Singer's argument. Indeed, there may not be a reasonable connection between them. I will therefore answer your question and then make the connection best I can: One way to put the difference is that Emotivism and Quasi-Realism differ in how a reasonable person should interpret the moral claims of others, like "stealing is wrong." 

It's anyone with the capacity to use reason to decide what to do, who decides well, and then develops good habits by repeatedly doing the right thing. ("Agent" just means someone/something who is capable of doing things. It comes from the Latin word for "doing.") Such people can use reason to act in one way or another, and thereby acquire the habit of doing things that cause them to be happy and flourishing (virtues), or the things that cause them not to be, which are vices. So to actually be virtuous such a person needs to use his or her reason and will to choose the right things to do, and thereby develop the habit of doing those things. 

Something has “intrinsic value” if it has value in itself, independently of its relationship to anything else. The alternative to this is being valuable because of a relationship to other things. This latter kind of value, “extrinsic value,” is the kind of value cars have. Their value lies in their relationship to human beings and human beings' goals. People likes their cars because they allow those people to drive places. In the absence of any need or desire to drive anyplace, or any other reason for appreciating cars, or in the absence of people, cars would probably have no value at all. Something with intrinsic value, on the other hand, cannot lose its value this way. It it always valuable, and should be valued, regardless of how the world is, or who has what interests and desires. You've asked both how Kant approaches the Is-Ought problem and whether he does a good job with it. I'll give the outline of an answer to the first, and you can decide whether it side-steps the issue. Sure, Matthew Kieran has written a recent paper in Philosophical Quarterly based on the problem that it is difficult to know whether one is a snob or not, and how that difficulty might pose a problem for aesthetic justification. The paper is The vice of snobbery: Aesthetic knowledge, justification and virtue in art appreciation. 

That's the start of an answer. A great deal has been written on how Kant argues, and there are significant disagreements among experts about his strategy. On one level, this question is overly difficult to answer, because professional philosophers (not sure why you've put “professional” in shudder-quotes?) are not a unified bunch, and worse, respect can mean a lot of different things. However, on another level, there is a way to answer this question that applies to any thinker. If Jill says "stealing is wrong," a reasonable person should, according to: