In the final stage, Venice decided that Spain/HRE was the greater bully, and defected to the side of France, its former enemy. This was the way things stood when the war ended in 1516. 

"Prisoners" fall into two categories. The first is military men court-martialed for cowardice, or other offenses, that are given a chance to redeem themselves. The second is criminals sent to war. 

American attitudes toward China were best expressed in the Open Door Policy. This policy was, in fact, aimed at "rolling back" some of the special privileges others were trying to "rent." 

Russia had no Pacific fleet until after the Americans came to California and Oregon. It only obtained the area around Vladivostok in 1860, the future base of the Pacific fleet. 

In June 1864, as General (later President) Ulysses S. Grant was leading the Army of the Potomac against Richmond, Lee DID order an offensive by one of his better remaining subordinates, General Jubal Early. 

Sardinia (Piedmont) won the war. She did so with the help of France, under Napoleon III. She had to cede her holdings of Savoy and Nice to France to obtain this help, (thereby "losing" territory to France). She was "compensated" by getting Lombardy from Austria in a winning war. Shortly thereafter, Piedmont's enhanced military and diplomatic stature enabled her to annex other parts of northern and central Italy, and ultimately unite all of Italy under her rule. 

There were actually TWO endings to the War of 1812. 

The North and South had very different advantages. The North had a numerical advantage that ran has high as 2 to 1 in the latter part, while the South had the better generals. Thus, 

The second was that Japan was opposed to the presence of a U.S. fleet ANYWHERE in the Pacific. Neutralizing the Philippines wouldn't have resolved this issue. It would just have given Japan one less base from which to operate. 

I have read your question as "Has a country ever won a war, and still "lost" territory, and if so, why?" 

Another, political, change was Anglo-French collaboration. Prior to the post Napoleonic period, these two countries had been bitter enemies. In the Crimean war, they fought side by side in order to maintain a European balance of power (to prevent Russia from crushing Turkey, and thereby dominate eastern Europe). This presaged Anglo-French cooperation in the World War I, about half a century later, against a rising and aggressive German power that threatened to dominate central and eastern Europe. 

There were several American civil war battles where one side, typically the South got the better of the other the first day, and then the second side, the North, got the better of it on the second and subsequent days. That would be because a skillful southern general caught "half" (or so), of a Union army at a numerical disadvantage on the first day, while the North received reinforcments that turned the tide on the second day. 

This is the story of Harald Fairhair in the late 9th century. Harald inherited one of a number of petty kingdoms west of modern Oslo. He proposed marriage to Gyda, the daughter of King Erik of a nearby kingdom of similar size. She wanted to be queen of Norway, so she refused to marry anyone who was not king of "all" Norway. 

In early 1942, at the behest of the Philippines' Manuel Quezon, the United States offered to accelerate the independence of the Philippines (scheduled for 1946) and leave immediately, if Japan would also leave country, thereby "neutralizing" it. Japan did not accept because its troops were already "on the ground."