The claim seems at first sight quite plausible ("why not?"), but this is more a problem than a feature. While the general assumption above is often taken for granted, it is difficult to assess more specific claims like yours, because they rely on very loose analogies between one domain (professional background, e.g. biological methods) and another (abstract doctrines covering a lot of other things outside of biology). This is a problem, because with hindsight many other connections (including other analogies) can be set up at will, without any good methods to test them. I'd go with Simon Blackburn's Think: A Compelling Introduction to Philosophy (Cambridge University Press 1999). To sum up: Drawing these kinds of causal connections is, in principle, unproblematic. However, in single cases it is difficult to build good explanations, because it is complicated, if not impossible, to assess their validity. Nonetheless, we can certainly trace back some distinctive features among different philosophical traditions and schools. I can warmly recommend a wonderful book by Michael Friedman: A Parting of Ways: Carnap, Cassirer, and Heidegger (Open Court Publishing, 2000). That is to say, the divide as been introduced as a fighting word from the beginning; it is more about asserting the divide than about giving an adequate picture of the philosophical landscape. And it is really not advisable to do proper history of philosophy by using fighting words! It might not seem to you like a satisfactory answer, but the following question why have certain people's ideas been passed on and others not? has no unique answer, and explanations are as varied as historical explanations can get: All manuscripts but a few burned in a certain place. A certain religious background allowed some ideas to thrive and others where lost into oblivion. A new science becomes successful and some obscure ideas on which the scientific endeavor is based suddenly become common sense. Not to mention the creation of "classics" out of thin air by backdating later ideas to previous thinkers to forge arguments from authority. To understand why this is the case, it helps to remember that the first tradition is commonly identified with logicism, a conception which defines the raison d'être of logic as the task of giving foundation for all of mathematics. For most logicists this implied that it was impossible to "stand outside" of logic and thereby to study it as a system (in the way that one might, for example, study the real numbers). This had severe consequences: Russell and Whitehead Perhaps music is the purest means of expression of the basic attitude because it is entirely free from any reference to objects. The harmonious feeling or attitude, which the metaphysician tries to express in a monistic system, is more clearly expressed in the music of Mozart. And when a metaphysician gives verbal expression to his dualistic-heroic attitude towards life in a dualistic system, is it not perhaps because he lacks the ability of a Beethoven to express this attitude in an adequate medium? Metaphysicians are musicians without musical ability. Instead they have a strong inclination to work within the medium of the theoretical, to connect concepts and thoughts. Now, instead of activating, on the one hand, this inclination in the domain of science, and satisfying, on the other hand, the need for expression in art, the metaphysician confuses the two and produces a structure which achieves nothing for knowledge and something inadequate for the expression of attitude. Well, a pragmatic answer is that it is not considered a problem because of FOL's inability ;) The fact that set theory is today a FO theory is probably due to Thoralf Skolem. In 1923 Skolem presented the original FO axiomatization of Zermelo set theory. Now, there is a standard view that sees a Skolem-Gödel "axis" as urging to adopt a FO set theory and being responsible for the ultimate establishment of FO set theory. It is, however, not clear at all that this was the case, i.e. that Skolem (and Gödel) were pushing an FO object language in set theory. While Skolem was critical of second-order set theory as a foundation of mathematics, he proved his (downward) theorem to hold in FOL. The result - in a countable model it is true that there is a uncountable set - he called a philosophical (albeit not formal) paradox in order to argue that also FOL could not serve as a foundation of mathematics: That ZFC became a pure first-order theory is due to David Hilbert's early work on a subsystem of logic which he called restricted functional calculus (effectively today's first-order logic) and Thoralf Skolem, who in 1923 gave the original first-order axiomatization of Zermelo set theory. Axiomatic set theory effectively became a dominant first-order theory in the mid 30s and is first-order up to this day. The majority of set theorists like the properties of first-order logic (completeness, compactness, etc.) a lot. The fact that first-order set theory deviates from mathematical practice is actually seen as a feature, not as a bug.