In general, the thread direction is NOT chosen so that friction from the rotating shaft will tend to tighten things. If that were the case, pedals would be left-hand threaded on the right side and vice-versa. Regardless, the whole mess will need to be disassembled to a degree, and that requires some special tools (mainly a "crank puller"). So it may be best to take it to a bike shop. Ran into virtually the identical situation today, working on a donated bike. To do the job properly you need a crank puller, a "spanner" for the lockring, and a Park HCW-11 wrench for the "slotted" bottom bracket cup. There are ways to do it without those special tools, but you risk mucking up the threads, etc. And you probably need a new set of bearings (they're likely in "cages"). With the newer narrower chains, however, this approach is less reliable. When you pedal a bike forward, the right pedal is moving in a counter-clockwise (or anti-clockwise, on the other side of the pond) direction, relative to the pedal shaft. This produces the counter-intuitive (anti-intuitive on the other side of the pond) effect of driving the pedal shaft in a clockwise direction -- rightie-tightie. (If, on the other hand, what we're seeing is the sidewall failing and the tube pressing through the sidewall then the tire's toast.) The picture does not make the situation totally clear, but it appears that tube is not centered in the tire, and the tire is not centered over the rim. This tends to happen especially near the stem, because the thicker part of the tube gets caught between tire and rim and prevents the tire from sliding into place. Simple: To figure out which way something is threaded, figure out why it's threaded that way. The pedals are wobbling where they screw into the crank arms. The crank arms are loose on the crank shaft. The crank shaft is loose in its bearings (or the bearing cartridge is loose between the "cups'. The "fix" is to tighten whatever is loose. So very carefully examine: (I'll add that replacing just the arm vs a larger assembly is a matter of feasibility and economics. If you can't find a compatible replacement arm you may need to just install a new crankset, or you may discover that the entire crankset is cheaper than the replacement arm.) (Hint here: Read the chain tool instructions! When "breaking" the chain you never push the pin ALL the way out, but stop a turn or two short of that point. If you get it right the pin should just barely project past the inside surface of the plate. If the instructions do not tell you how many turns, use the tool on the last link of the too-long chain and count how many turns it takes to push the pin all the way out. Write that down, minus two turns.) Rather, it has to do with precession. If you hold a pencil loosely in your left hand while you move the end of the pencil around in a circle with your right hand, the pencil will tend to rotate in a direction opposite of the direction you're rotating the end. The reason for thread directions on rotating objects with lateral load Hold one crank arm and try to wobble the pedal screwed into that arm. Repeat on the other side. You should not detect any looseness (save for a small amount in the pedal bearings). If you do detect looseness, use a wrench to tighten the pedal shaft into the crank arm -- clockwise on the right side, counter-clockwise on the left side. Hold one crank arm and try to wobble the other arm. Try to detect looseness in the connections between the arms and the shaft running between them. If you detect such looseness you need to tighten the bolts that hold the arms to the shaft. This is generally a right-hand thread on both sides. If you detect no looseness when you wobble one crank arm while holding the other steady, but the whole assembly of crank arms and shaft seem to rattle as a unit, then the cups holding the crank bearing need to be tightened. I'm thinking the right cup uses a left-hand thread and vice-versa, but I don't recall for sure. And if there are loose bearings for the crank shaft, vs a "cartridge" of shaft and bearings together, then you need to use some care to get everything just "tight enough", without over-tightening. Of these possibilities, #2 is the worst, as riding with your crank arms loose very quickly damages the arms to where they will no longer fit tightly.