The Wikipedia article on 2017 WTA Finals1 has some brief explanation of how qualification for this tournament works. Based on the description given there it seems that simply the top players in the race rankings are taken. (The only thing which is slightly more complicated is which tournaments have to be counted, it seems that they are Grand Slams and some Premier level tournaments, with some possible exceptions.2 

Are the points from team competitions counted in both rankings - race ranking and ATP/WTA ranking? 

I know that race rankings, i.e. points only from this calendar year, are used to decide players at year end ATP/WTA championships. 

I found on Wikipedia that Michael Chang is the youngest player to win Grand Slam title. Wikipedia also has list of oldest tournament winners (current revision). But I did not find information about who was the youngest tournament winner. 

I have noticed a shortcut JE in drawsheets of some tennis tournaments. For example, it is used here (for Taylor Towsend) or here (for Kateřina Siniaková). 

Although they do not provide the data used for that stat, I am inclined to believe the claims from that article. So it really seems that we are close to the historical peek. 

I will add an answer here when I finally beat her. 

What would happen if you played tennis with a racquetball or racquetball with a tennis ball? Tennis balls have felt and are heavier. If I practiced tennis with a racquetball for a week, and then switched to a regular tennis ball, what kind of difference would I feel? 

I have seen it being taught two different ways: 

If you are just a casual player, I would say it's a matter of preference. I use a two-handed backhand for topspin and one-handed for slice, but I am old! The reason I prefer a two-handed backhand is because I save some of my right arm by leveraging my left arm (again, I am old...). I was also told that it's possible to make my backhand more powerful than my forehand that way, it's not there yet, but I am working on it! 

My backhand is deeper but still week. Need to make backhand stronger. 

As far as I know, the ATP and WTA rankings work approximately this way: Each week the points for the tournaments played that week are added. The points for tournaments more than 52 weeks old are dropped. (Of course, there are more complicated rules about which and how many tournaments are counted, but this should be the gist of it.) 

Why do players with high ranking actually need wild card? Is it only in cases of late entry? 

I found several mentions of Svetlana Kuznetsova defeating Virginia Ruano Pascual and saving 11 match points in Madrid 2001. 1. 2, 3. 

Here is quote of the relevant section: 

The longest supertiebreak at ATP level seems to be 44 points (23-21) from the match between Montañés/Ramírez Hidalgo and Aspelin/Čermák in the first round of 2007 Estoril Open. Sources: 1, 2. 

Do players get some points if they win a match in the qualifying rounds? If not, do at least winners of the qualifying get points? (IIRC the players who enter main draw get points even if they are defeated in the first round already.) 

Her low pace flat ground shots are no excuse. 

She loved coming to the net, and I gave her enough short balls to do so. 

I have seen it being taught two different ways: 

1) Lifting only left heel, but left foot stays on the ground. 

informal a gullible person, especially someone swindled in gambling or the victim of a confidence trick. 

Update: I did better the second time I played her. Lost, but took first set, and was leading second set 4-1, and let it slip. She is a great volleyer, tall, so she has a good reach. When I hit midcourt, she takes my topspin on the rise, and even in the air, and comes to the net. 

She gave me short balls, I just returned them back to her. I did not set myself up to come up to the net. 

2) Bending knees, and doing leg spring action, lifting your legs off the ground, propelling yourself up and into the ball. 

I will add an answer here when I finally beat her. 

She puts pressure and rushes me. I realized I need to pass her better. When I pass her with a good cross court topspin, I ace it, or she hits it out. I hit way too many slices, and she has no problem with those. She also gets the high lobs well because she's tall. 

Here's a good link with comparisons: http://www.tennismindgame.com/one-or-two-handed-backhand.html 

http://www.usta.com/Improve-Your-Game/Health-Fitness/Injuries-Prevention-and-Recovery/Wrist_Injuries/ 

My backhand is deeper but still week. Need to make backhand stronger. 

If you are just a casual player, I would say it's a matter of preference. I use a two-handed backhand for topspin and one-handed for slice, but I am old! The reason I prefer a two-handed backhand is because I save some of my right arm by leveraging my left arm (again, I am old...). I was also told that it's possible to make my backhand more powerful than my forehand that way, it's not there yet, but I am working on it! 

My question is: Which shot is better to hit when your opponent is at the net, backspin or topspin? 

A player that is easy to beat, an easy prey. If you beat a player too many times, he/she becomes your "pigeon". 

Also my approach shots were good in the beginning but after I started losing the second set I stopped making approach shots and played more defense. That's a no no. 

What would happen if you played tennis with a racquetball or racquetball with a tennis ball? Tennis balls have felt and are heavier. If I practiced tennis with a racquetball for a week, and then switched to a regular tennis ball, what kind of difference would I feel?