They still exist - they just aren't high enough in quality/product line to appear on the front page for Shimano (i.e. they aren't useful marketing points for Shimano, but you can still order parts in those groups from most cycling retailers - almost everyone who buys Tourney/Altus is an OEM or a bike shop who needs something very cheap for repairing BSO's; In fact, Tourney does appear on the better BSO's now, and Altus on the bottom rung of non-BSO's which is usually upgraded to Acera/Alivio when needed anyway). 

In 10 speed: The 105 RD-5701-SS has a 30t max. There isn't a problem with doing this so long as the shifters are matched to drivetrain (i.e. the cable pulls are matched, and everything is for the right number of speeds in the front/rear). 

You should use Shimano mountain bike shifters (Acera, Alivio, Deore, etc.) which have the same # of chainrings and same # of cogs on the cassette. So if you're running a triple in the front and a 9 speed cassette in the back, you want a 3x9 shifter set. The road bike ones (Sora, Tiagra, 105, Claris, Ultegra, etc. - even flat bar ones, like the Sora flat bars) will not work because they use different cable pull in the front. 

If you want to change something and you're sticking to this bike, your best bet is to just change the cassette to something with a wider range of gearing. This may necessitate a new rear derailleur (go wide range (marketed with a SGS code) from Shimano). I guess a new chain may be needed as well if you're using weird gear combinations. I suggest you go to your LBS and see what they'd recommend for a new cassette if you want something easier, given the terrain you're likely to ride. TL;DR: Don't do this. Either get used to the gearing, put on a larger rear cassette or get a new bike. More speeds isn't necessarily better, knowing how to use them and picking the right speeds is far more valuable. The particular crankset you pick's compatibility will be determined by if you have a bottom bracket that matches it in the bike, along with if its a double/triple (matching the front derailleur) and within the appropriate tooth range and has appropriately sized tooth jumps. To quote Sheldon Brown (article linked later): "Shimano's "10-speed" triple front derailers are optimized for a 13 tooth difference, typically 52-39. Most other Shimano front triple derailers are optimized for a 10 tooth difference between middle and large ring.". The speeds on the front derailleur are marketing term - you don't really need to stick to them since the speeds are determined by whats in the back(but obviously, Shimano wants you sell you an entire groupset, and 10 speed systems use narrow chains, so you should have a 10 speed FD, 10 speed RD, 10 speed chain (you could use a lower speed FD, but it might not be as crisp) ).