Games that are not free to play can only be accessed only if the account that owns that game is logged into in Steam. If Family Sharing is enabled and both of your accounts are linked together, while only one account can have access to said shared games at a time, as long as it is installed on the computer previously, the other account linked has no need to reinstall. Anyone else getting this exact issue when Steam is offline? And if so, how did you fix it? The basic gist of installing skins: Have you tried changing the download restrictions Steam asks you for when changing the download region? When you change your region, you should be prompted to change your download speed (Modem towards faster speed, Dial-Up towards slower. You can get there by clicking Steam --> Settings --> Downloads Since you probably don't have any skins installed, you'll want to first find a skin online. Skins can be easily found online, either through a quick Google search, or a search through the Steam Users' Forums and other gaming forum sites. Pick the skin you want from the "select the skin you wish Steam to use" drop down menu. Thus, the easiest, simplest way, is to try adding the key to your Steam account. All games have: A few examples: If the Steam game isn't in your Steam account library, you can't write a review for it, period. Check your firewalls: Your firewalls could be disabling portions of Steam's service Disable background applications: These could be interfering with Steam Virus, spyware, malware, etc.: These could be interfering with Steam Check your router: This could be the main source of the problem. More or less, if the above solutions don't work for you, this is likely a problem on Steam's end, so just take it easy and wait for Steam servers to go back to normal. I would daresay this though; it seems plenty of others are having the same issues as you have as well, albeit for different reasons. In regards to your title, since all achievement items are server based, you cannot get achievement items back once you get rid of them. And the game is running pure vanilla, with no mods. A. Purchase is not required. You may write a review for any product in your Steam account. Whether you registered a Steam key obtained elsewhere, or played a free game, you will be able to write a review for that product. Your playtime in that game or time in that software title will appear next to your review. Get a Vintage Pyrovision Goggles. Don't get Haunted Metal Scrap, instead, try to opt for the Headtaker that is untradable The other option: Most Steam seasonal sales have: All Steam seasonal sales so far with ∞ badge levels: Short of trying out every key one by one to tell what game it's linked to, no, there's no easy way to identify which key belongs to which game. Galvanized Ghibus (no styles) Unique (yellow) quality Pyrovision Goggles can be traded for If you do indeed own the game, Steam will not allow you to redeem game, telling you that you already own the game (including the name of it), and that the key will not be redeemed. A few examples of users with high levels of badges: From the Steam Winter Sale on out, most of the other Steam seasonal sales feature badges unlimited levels (exception is the Summer Getaway Sale), so theoretically, there's no limit to how many levels you can get with any of those badges. The Steam Winter Sale of 2013 was the first to set the precedent, in which for the first time both foil and regular badges were able to level up as many times possible during the event. This meant that users could easily complete badges and quickly level up their Steam accounts, without a "level cap" on the badge.