The Prophet (saws) is known to have said: I always say the truth even when I am joking (hadith in Shama'il Tirmidhi). So the general rule is to not lie when you're trying to be funny. The Prophet (saws) said woe to the one who lies in the course of making people laugh. There are many instances in the hadith literature about the Prophet (saws) using humor with his Companions (raa). He (saws) encouraged people to joke with their spouses. 

We have numerous examples of this from the time of the Prophet (saws). When the Prophet (saws) got to Madinah he established a constitution (saheefah) for the citizens. After basic statements establishing the rights of citizens, it was permitted for leaders of faith communities to settle disputes within their communities according to their laws, as long as it didn't contradict the earlier clauses pertaining to overall societal harmony. 

And the best example is the Prophet (saws) with Zaid b. Haritha (ra) - he loved him like his own son. The narrations that we have about how they interacted with each other are simply beautiful - in fact the Companions said they had no idea he wasn't the Prophet's (saws) real son until Zaid's biological family showed up (and he didn't want to go with them even when the Prophet (saws) gave him the choice!). 

References: http://en.islamtoday.net/node/1335 http://www.islamqa.com/en/ref/21871 http://www.islamqa.com/en/ref/83799 

less than (more exactly the half of) a male: for example if there are sisters and brothers, a sister gets only a half of what her brother would inherit, a mother would also inherit only one half of what the father may inherit in absence of spouses and children (of their dead child). This applies in general in 4 cases: a) daughter and son, b) daughter of the son and son of the son, c) brother and sister (same parents), d) brother and sister (paternal). the same of a male: like father and mother if there are children (each of them will inherit one sixth) while the son would inherit the rest, also the brother or sister of the mother would get equal parts based on: 

"according to ibn Taymiya! while Imam a-Shafi'i said that he didn't know of any scholar pretending that a talaq (that occurred) without witnesses is haram!" 

It seems to me that there's no support for rape nor direct violence in conjugal relationship or for forcing the wife to have intercourse and the total submission (tamkin) matter which seems to me in total opposite to what our Messenger (peace be upon him) use to do! 

Of course if one doesn't trust all of this we can eat and buy fish or become a vegetarian ;) 

This is lately often used by modern Muslims or feminist Muslims to call for an (share) equality between both genders!