So, opposite of what Josh suggests, comparison to other teams is what you need to do, as this is how these various teaming frameworks were developed in the first place. Once you have the new graph, repost. This simple answer is, you can't know. When you implement a change and observe a result, it can be due to the change, be a false change like due to the Hawthorne Effect, your bias meaning you see a change but there is none, or be a random result. The only way to know, to arrive at a deduced conclusion that stands up to scrutiny, is to conduct many observations in a controlled environment and with some statistical analysis to rule out randomness and experimenters' bias. And when I say many, I mean many. Not like two or three sprints. Remember, you can flip a fair coin ten times and get eight heads. That does not change the 50/50 likelihood to 80/20. Observations can be trusted after hundreds of them, not just a few. The take-a-way of knowing about Hawthorne, bias, and stochastic observations is about knowing how to apply a healthy skeptism of what you are observing. In other words, stick to the null hypothesis until proven otherwise. If you make a change and you observe some favorable results, the finding you walk away with is, 'this seemed to cause that,' not 'this caused that.' Even with that scan, you need to draw a limited conclusion as only like one in 10 jobs are advertised. So your sample can easily skew your findings. Finally, in perform, boss direction is near hands off, the team is self organizing, morale is high, productivity is high, conflict still occurs as a natural consequence of working together but how it is resolved is worlds apart from the storming stage. Define your processes. Organizations, projects, and teams with weak capabilities usually begin with a lack of definition. Define where a process begins, ends, inputs, outputs, the rules that govern it, where to find which piece of information about the process and in the process, roles including quantity and required skills, and tools. Document #1. Writing it down makes it real, enables everyone to know and understand it, and serves as intellectual capital. While doing #1 and #2, look for redundant processes, steps within a process that seem wasteful, similar outputs produced by two different processes that could be combined, and outputs no one is using anymore. Update #1 and #2 accordingly. Define roles. Organizations, projects, and teams with weak capabilities often times have ill defined roles -- lack of boundaries, lack of accountability and properly placed authority. A good structure to help define the role is BART: boundary, accountability, responsibility, and task. Document #4. Create a high performing team. This is a process and takes time. All new teams, no matter the brilliance of the individuals, are low performing, immature, and dysfunctional. It takes time with active interventions to build a cohesive team and a sense of collective success/failure. Assess the skills and strengths of the individuals on the team. Based on people's strengths, align them to the roles you defined in #4 to the degree possible. While the ultimate goal was likely given to you, let the team develop its own objectives and way to get there, keeping in mind #6. Celebrate successes early and often. Repeat steps 1 through 9.