Rex Kerr answers your question well to the extent that you ask about the desires, perceptions, and knowledge of individual inquirers or scientists. We may be able to will ourselves to perceive things in a certain way out of sheer force of desire, up to a point. What point that is exactly becomes an empirical psychology question. I suspect that for some people, experiencing psychosis, little desire is necessary to adjust their sense of reality such that it doesn't conform with perceptions, while for others it may take considerable will or unconscious desire. Lakatos's “sophisticated falsificationism” incorporates his account of scientific progress. I understand Lakatos's account of theory choice as different from Popper's. Lakatos's emphasizes the rate of change of the ratio of successful predications to theory growth, while Popper basis his account of theory choice on an account of verisimilitude (see SEP discussion here). I hope this explanation of the relationship between the core and exterior of the web of belief answers most of your questions except the last one about nominalism. One way this is all connected to nominalism is that (against nominalism) Quine believes that there are natural kinds. However, his idea of what a natural kind is is quite weak. Any set of things that share any natural property at all form a natural kind. Given belief in the web of belief, one can make sense of why we might very easily revise what kinds of things (or as you say, elements) we believe exist by adjusting how we lump things together. Ordinarily this sort of acceptance of casually lumping things together into sets might be a sign of being nominalist rather than realist about kinds. But given Quine's weak definition of "kind" it is not, for him. These are far from the only examples, and probably not the best possible set of examples. Even if you find things you disagree with in these bodies of work—after all, philosophy of science thrives on philosophical and scientific disagreement!—I think it would be really tough going to argue that these authors are ignorant of the science they're discussing. I moreover believe in each case they've made contributions to our understanding. Your scientist would therefore be wrong to say that "only the hard sciences produce true knowledge," but right to say that scientific methods produce better-justified knowledge than pre-scientific knowledge, because only science, by definition, can lend objectivity to knowledge. Science simply is the process through which beliefs are tested and criticized in ways that justify our treating the few beliefs that pass our tests as more objective. As often, there's a Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy entry on this that serves as a nice introduction: Life. I realize this is not the answer you're looking for, but since it's the answer to the question you asked, you might think about whether you want to ask as different question? The other main kind of argument I know of starts from the idea that species mixing is unnatural. There are two problems with most variations on this argument: In Popper's most widely read summary or introductory piece, “Conjectures and Refutations,” the position sounds like Lakatos's “dogmatic falsificationism.” However, the position Popper actually developed in Logic of Scientific Discovery is close to Lakatos's “methodological falsificationism,” as Lakatos describes it in “Falsification and the Methodology of Scientific Research Programmes.” Here are some examples from the last twenty years of philosophers of biology contributing to biological knowledge: A smaller point: When you raise the question about circular reasoning, you pose it as if we believe with certainty that the universe follows fixed laws and that logic and reason "work." We don't, or we shouldn't. Rather, we put various DEGREES of confidence in sources of knowledge and ways of justifying knowledge as they turn out to have been reliable in the cases we've applied them to. Knowledge acquired by listening to a drunk person has been less reliable than knowledge acquired through first-hand experience while sober, and knowledge acquired from the experiences of many different people under different circumstances has turned out to be more reliable than just one person's. This may not eliminate all the ways a degree of trust in one thing depends on a degree of trust in another, but undermines the particular circle you worry about: We don't believe the universe certainly follows fixed laws, and we don't use that to conclude that science must be certainly true. So, in short, no candidate for being a scientific method is likely to be falsifiable, and I can't think of any reason that should worry anyone. How could a scientific method be falsifiable, and why should it be?