Sometimes I'd even see a note arguing that a passage said the exact opposite of what it clearly seemed to be saying. The zen-ish bits about the best general being one who doesn't have to fight seemed to particularly cause the historical generals fits (some of them really liked fighting I guess). The conclusion I came away with was that the notes were actually way more enlightening about the minds of those other generals than they were about Sun Tzu. The Assyrian accounting of things was that they deported the entire population, and repopulated the land with other people. This essentially matches the Jewish account. That shouldn't be taken to lessen its impact one iota. You'd be hard-pressed to find any story more historically important than Exodus. It was likely designed for resistance. Enslaved people have used it for inspiration and comfort and resistance ever since. It was a rare speech from Martin Luther King that didn't reference it. The Iranian branch split off when a group of PIEs moved into Persia, likely from west of the Caspian. This happened about 4000 years ago. * - As an example, Turkic languages are agglutinative, Indo-European languages are not. It would be next to impossible to misclassify one as the other. Note that there are a couple more historical Iberean languages that may (or may not) have been non-IndoEuropean. More study needs to be done of these, but still I'd consider the Spanish portion of that map to be on a fair bit firmer foundation than the rest. Linguistically, the Samaratans definitely spoke a very closely related language to Hebrew. There doesn't seem to be much research looking into when the two diverged (I'm a great believer in language as a marker of culture, so for me this would be decisive). That only happens in settled farming societies. So the development of writing had to wait for the development of settled intensive farming of domesticated crops - AKA a Neolithic society. This didn't happen until about 9000 BCE. So you have to start your clock there. There seems to be a bit more familiarity with people of that faith in Greek circles. However, I think it would be wrong to claim that it was well understood in the West, or to imply there were active vital groups of practitioners living in the major population centers of the Roman Empire, as the quote seems to. My interpretation is that the basic idea here is that the force that crosses the river is at a huge disadvantage. Based on that, there are two obvious problems with putting yourself on the opposite bank of a river when you are "anxious to fight". The first is that this may well delay things greatly, as a sensible general will not be quick to make a contested crossing. The second would be the danger of the other force somehow inducing you to be the one to make the crossing. He further explains that theatres in Greece and Asia Minor had a much greater capacity than western theatres with a similar diameter. Sears provides tables with seating capacity calculations which give 19,717 for Ephesus (but another estimate he quotes is 21,500) and 18,537 for Miletus. He also quotes a figures of 20,350 for Smyrna (Izmir) and 19,700 for Megalopolis (Arkadia). Bibliographies of major works on the area that interests you. Also, doctoral theses' bibliographies often contain a large number of reference sources on very clearly defined areas of study. The British Library EThOS site has a searchable database from which some theses can be downloaded. Sources: https://www.ma-shops.com/roman-empire/antoninus-pius/?catid=717&lang=en&ajax=2z6 http://www.wildwinds.com/coins/ric/antoninus_pius/i.html How much did Pliny exaggerate? For the Theatre of Pompey, it would seem his number is between 3 and 4 times the actual. If this scale of exaggeration is also true for the temporary theatre, we arrive at a figure of between 20,000 and 26,600. The Wikipedia article on glasses says ‘scattered evidence exists for use of vision aid devices in Greek and Roman times’ but only cites the example of Nero’s emerald. This article on Magnifying glasses states The Live Science article in question appears to reflect a minority viewpoint not well supported by archaeological or historical evidence - if the Egyptians or Hittites tangled with a major thalassocracy like the Minoans, they didn't document it, and they documented pretty much everything else going on. This supports the idea that the Minoan defenses were impressive enough to make the other regional powers keep their distance, but they were not aggressive or "warlike". Well, written language was, at the time, an economic tool primarily. It was used to record business, political and liturgical transactions, and to cary on a conversation at a distance through correspondance. The things we use it for, instructive texts (such as language instruction courses) and recreational reading, developed much, much later. The earliest written reference to a war was between Sumer and Elam in 2700BCE. But! There are ancient documents that are meant to instruct scribes in how to learn and teach writing itself - one such is detailed in this online book. (Begins on page 181 "How did they learn Cuneiform?" by Niek Veldhuis). These were word lists, lists of kings, and snippets of seemingly unrelated text, meant as a "primer" for the neophyte scribe to copy.