How many years Bible took to complete? Approximately 1500 years. This has a good historical evidence to prove its authenticity and timelessness. I saw heaven standing open and there before me was a white horse, whose rider is called Faithful and True. With justice he judges and wages war. He is dressed in a robe dipped in blood, and his name is the Word of God. The armies of heaven were following him, riding on white horses and dressed in fine linen, white and clean. Coming out of his mouth is a sharp sword with which to strike down the nations. “He will rule them with an iron scepter.” On his robe and on his thigh he has this name written: king of kings and lord of lords. Then I saw the beast and the kings of the earth and their armies gathered together to wage war against the rider on the horse and his army. But the beast was captured, and with it the false prophet who had performed the signs on its behalf. The two of them were thrown alive into the fiery lake of burning sulfur. 

Short answer to your question is... The Shepherd of Hermas: Less important but found in many old codices. 

The Kingdom of God may be divided into two types based on it's establishment. 

Why can't we believers in Christ just have one book? Protestants have 66 books in the Bible. Roman Catholics have 73. If you compile all these books (66 or 73) into one book and call it The Holy Bible, then of course, we have exactly one book! We have many versions of the Bible because of translation issues. God is omniscient and He knew that he had to destroy the world by flood. 

But why did God plan all this? Only God knows. 

God also plans for a "Big Time". For example, Jesus waited for his specific time to die. 

Did God(Jehovah) write the Bible with His finger? The Ten Commandment was, at least. 

"If God knew that He had to die for human, why did He create human anyway?" Originality of stories from Bible: The Bible itself is it's own source for it's stories without borrowing it from elsewhere. In fact, it's a historical record of Israel and Christianity. 

There are some books nearly equivalent to the books in New Testament Canon but not equal. Revelation 22:18 (NIV) I warn everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this scroll: If anyone adds anything to them, God will add to that person the plagues described in this scroll. 

God has a plan for small events. For example, Jesus waited for his time for turning water to wine. 

Who wrote Qur'an and Bible? Qur'an and Bible were written by men and both claimed to be from God. The Old Testament never reveals the Truth of Salvation for the soul in a crystal clear manner. The New Testament reveals that the way to Salvation is through Jesus Christ. The New Testament promised that Jesus Christ will come back again but never tells us when it will happen. Even though The Book of Revelation is about the end times, all are in symbolic form. We will understand them fully only when it actually happens. God's will also changes as time passes.