In summary, all constitutions are different, meeting varying goals and objectives of the constitutional congress. It's less about which one is best, in an absolute sense, and more about which one is best for us. 

Without an explanation of this relatedness (to the earlier pandemic), I find it impossible to take this explanation seriously. 

The unusual mortality pattern for the 1918-20 epidemic is apparently due to a cytokinetic storm in which the body's own immune system is enlisted in a positive feedback loop, resulting in young adults being most susceptible, rather than least susceptible, to mortality. 

Two instances come to mind quickly: 

The only way to get anywhere (on land), faster than 3 mph walking pace or with baggage, was on horseback or in a horse-drawn vehicle. 

In New York City: Every milkman had a wagon drawn by a nag. Every tinker had a cart drawn by a small pony. Every delivery vehicle was drawn by a team of four strong draught horses. Every cab was drawn by one or two fast horses. Every gentleman kept a stable with at least two decent riding horses for himself, and a team of two to draw a small cart or four to draw a small sedan wagon. Every ladder and pump truck in every fire house required two teams of 4 or six kept in harness and alternated. etc. 

Further, the 1849 decision by Denmark to base its constitution on those of Belgium and Norway reinforced the notion that it was a model constitution well suited for adaption elsewhere. 

You rightly ask how this absurd notion arose - in Napoleon's 1805 campaign when the French marched through Ansbach-Bayreuth, then Prussian territory, en route to surrounding Mack's forces at Ulm. Napoleon steadily maintained that such march did not violate Prussian neutrality because the French troops were merely in transit. While the Prussian's blustered at this, and a year later cited it as a casus belli, none-the-less Napoleon's dramatic victory at Austerlitz resulted in them, temporarily at least, accepting Napoleon's argument. (Note the line of march to Ingolstadt for the corps of Marmont, Bernadotte, and Deroi.) 

Late 1800’s – Over 1,000,000 in Texas alone End of 1800’s – 2 million 

The destruction of the World Trade Centre Twin Towers, and attempted destruction of the Pentagon, on Sept. 11, 2001. 

In further expectation of building a pipeline from Mosul to the port at Haifa, and as majority owner of said oil, the British drew the borders of both Iraq and Transjordan so as to ensure that the Mosul-Haifa pipeline ran exclusively over British controlled mandates/Protectorates. The North-Eastern border of Jordan (then the Emirate of Transjordan) and the North-Western border of Iraq were drawn out to join. 

on occasion will even lay his jacket down over the muck for his lady-love to walk on. 

The bombing of Rotterdam in May, 1940, accompanied with the threat to do the same to Amsterdam and Den Hague in order to coerce a quick Dutch surrender. 

So, inferring from the choice made, the Constitutional Revolutionaries of 1906 desired a Monarchical Unitary State, with minimal reliance on Common Law and Tradition, minimal jurisdiction of a Constitutional Court, strictly limited Royal powers and authorities, and substantive Freedom of Religion for the Sunni, Kurdish, and Zoroastrian minorities. 

Of course, there is no written Constitution for either England proper or the United Kingdom, so using it as a basis for a written constitution is substantially more work. 

This street filth is the origin of the traditions: 

I am going to catalog the results above because comments sometimes get deleted, and are not intended to be part of the permanent record for a question. 

An important lesson to draw from this is the need for civilian oversight of military planners in our age. No longer can military expediency be regarded as sufficient motivation for military action. While the Prussian (and then German) General Staff was far and away the most capable in the world technically through the decades from 1840 to 1945, it's failure to accept or even recognize the need for civilian oversight post-Bismarck was repeatedly it's undoing. 

wears boots rather than shoes at most times; and 

Comparing just to the Constitution of the Netherlands, that of Belgium was for a Unitary State with no substantial body of Common Law and tradition, while that of The Netherlands was for a Federal State, with a substantial body of Common Law and Tradition. Further part of the motive for the separation of Belgium from Netherlands in 1831 had been a feeling that insufficient Freedom of Religion was provided for in the Dutch Constitution.