UTG+2 getting 3:1 he only has to be ahead 1:4 to call UTG+1 is good enough to bluff - AQ, AJ, KQ, QJ with a club UTG+1 could be on a bigger set or a flush I think I could call here Turns out he put UTG+1 on a set of aces which I guess would play this way 

Will not accept my own answer. 

If you just limp with small pairs they should figure it out and raise you. 

Your money already in the pot is water under the bridge. But when you put the money in the pot consider there will likely be future bets to call. 

You are only going to hit like 1/8 so you and your opponent need 8 x your bet behind. You could get raised. 

Range will play different unless you are small stacked. A hand like 78s is more valuable as if you hit a flush, straight, or trips then you are likely good. A one gapper is valuable as more disguised. So you play more hands if you can get in for the right price. A weak ace goes down in value as you can lose a big pot. Don't let your bet sizing telegraph your hand. Come in for like 2.5 BB. 

You should always want to play aces. 

Flop Q♠4♣2♣ Check and Seiver bets just short of 1/2 the pot 

You can better afford to lead out the flop. You can lead the flop 4 BB and still be out the same amount. They are going to miss the flop over 1/2 the time. If you are playing like top 40% then a lot of boards are in your range. 

Let's say raised to 3BB from mid and had two callers (solid players that will bluff and lay down but nothing crazy) 

If you raise it up to take away odds it gets expense. 8 bb is still laying 2 : 1 odds. 

Seiver could be on AQ thinking it was good and not clubs. 

Say you come in for 3 BB the you need stack sizes of 24 BB (MINIMUM). 

Blind versus blind is not common. 

My thought is a great hand that is vulnerable and bet the pot to take it down right there. 

Ask yourself what Btn is likely to have for his pre-flop raise and continuation bet, and if you just call what are the chances he will bet again on the turn. Check raising here just screams that you have hit your hand (set or two pair) so you're unlikely to get further action. If you want to check raise, much better to at least give him another chance to bet on the turn. 

g) any other hand - what range of hands will he raise from the button and continuation bet (any two cards?) Is he likely to keep bluffing with nothing? 

b) behind but with some chance of outdrawing you (J 9 or 9 7 - is he aggressive enough to raise pre-flop from the button with this?) Even if he does make his straight on the turn, you still have 10 outs on the river to make a full house. 

e) got an over pair, again unlikely to outdraw you, but hard to spot when he does. What's your reaction going to be if an over card comes on the turn and he bets again? 

If you are in late position, it depends what's happened in front of you. 

The other aspect of the game is that you can afford to play this way only when the stakes are relatively low (for the level of the game) in a "small ball" environment. If they suddenly "escalate," you can no long play "loose," but ought to revert standard "tight game" strategy, and fold most hands. 

Cards are more important if most hands go to a "showdown." That is a situation where the "best hand wins." The kind of poker this represents is sometimes called "no fold 'em" poker. Poor players (that call too much) often play this way. But the reverse is not true; good players may play this way if conditions are right. 

Then there was the example of an expert player (playing with other experts), who had thrown away EVERY HAND for two or three hours, and thereby earned a reputation as a "tight" player. He then picked up a J-4 (offsuit) and thought to himself, "I can now win with this hand by raising." He did, and his fellow experts all folded because they (wrongly) concluded:"This guy must have hit A-A since he doesn't seem to play with many hands." The strategy might not have worked if there were a beginner at the table who would call him down with say, 2-2, unless the expert paired one of his "overcards."