I suggest that you try the Dr. Brown bottle that reduces air intake when swallowing as well as continue the medication and strategies you are already implementing. Hopefully this problem will resolve quickly. This is the true joy of parenthood: getting to discover the world all over again through the eyes of a toddler. This article emphasizes that the immunization does not cause the disease, but it does appear to cause it to manifest earlier. http://deafness.about.com/od/babysigning/f/signspeech.htm Yes! Research does indicate that hearing children who learn sign language talk more than their same-age peers. Here is a resource for the study. Of course, she may rebel against another nipple at first, but it may be worth the aggravation of changing. As a speech language pathologist, I also promote the use of sign language for children with severe communication deficits. It is also an effective strategy for teaching color identification and sight words to children who struggle with these concepts initially. You might research different nipples and find one that more closely matches the breast. You might try the Evenflo Classic Sensitive Response (silicone). This nipple works the cheeks and lips and is not for a baby with weak musculature. It does flow during pauses in sucking however. The eye is a pretty resilient organ, so unless you have a specific reason to be concerned that she's going to damage her eye (like, she has an eye condition or something), I don't think you really need to worry too much about it. If you want to prevent her from scratching her nose, the only thing we've found that works is just keeping nails clipped fairly frequently. It's not ideal because their nails grow so fast, but it should cut down on the scratching (my daughter has a scab on her nose for this exact reason right now). Cognitive Social Emotional (sometimes this is combined with #2) Physical (which includes mobility but mostly fine and gross motor skills in general) Visual Aural Oral (This doesn't just include language, but also eating and the ability to properly manipulate the mouth/tongue which will influence language development) Technically, 5 and 6 aren't true milestones, but from my own experience I truly believe that these two things are important enough to warrant a separate point. Before we got C's new RGP lenses, she was starting to get well behind on her development, but as soon as we changed she began hitting milestones like crazy and is completely caught up. The same is true with her language development. We had a really hard time with ear infections for a few months, and a couple of weeks after we had tubes put in her vocabulary just exploded. I can't prove that the tubes were the primary reason for that...it might just be that she was due for a vocab explosion anyway, but I don't believe it's a coincidence. I've listed a couple of websites below with some good general milestones (but it seems like every website has a different list). Update: If he's not in the lower end of weight and growth charts then I'd say he appears to be well-fed and I certainly wouldn't wake him no matter how long he sleeps. Of course we sometimes learn during booking that the rate increase is ridiculous, and then we simply don't complete the booking, and look for better alternatives. We've not yet been in a situation where we had to book a certain place. I think a nanny cam is worthless, for technical as well as social/legal reasons. In a sentence, it cannot replace trust. Let me first answer your questions, then provide some thoughts: If you go on your trip with a can-do attitude and you're prepared to improvise and laugh at potential misery, then you're already well equipped. The only thing certain about going camping with small kids is that it won't go as planned - but it might be more fun that you thought! On the other hand, sometimes significant fees for infants are actually worth it; I've seen hotel and resort offers where everything you'd need for the baby is included, from bibs and baby food, over high-chairs and cribs, to wireless long-range baby monitors and professional babysitting. In some of these cases, this would actually be cheaper than arranging it on your own. Except diapers and baby wipes. We had to bring our own. Not a problem though.