But 'beauty' does qualify. Doing something with others well is a form of beauty, even if that thing is competition. So it is probably universalizable to say that if you join in a communal endeavor, you should intend to do as well as possible. Everyone can apply that to their own behavior. So to the degree that choosing beauty is done competitively, we are all still fine with most forms of competition. Everyone should be considered: You should determine whether there are people whose state you are ignoring, or whose autonomy you are infringing. Duties should not conflict: You should always see if some competing rule is more likely to be universalized. All good wills should agree: When you have refined the thought you should try to imagine an arbitrary person of good will and see if they would be harmed in any way. The intention should be simple (not easy): At the same time, you should make the maxim itself as broad as possible, and exclude accidental conditions. (Accidental conditions render the maxim not 'categorical' enough.) The statement should be forthright: This is less important, but to my mind, it implies avoiding negation (especially negation of negative terms) and using simple terms and minimal grammar. If you can make changes on any of these fronts, you should modify the maxim and try again. The transition from Newtonian to Relativistic notions of space in Astronomy is such a paradigm shift. Newtonian physics did not accommodate our measures of light's speed. So various things had to be shifted to accommodate this. This happened pretty cleanly, but other such transitions were not as quick. (I don't necessarily believe in either of these. Nor are the explicitly approved by Kant. But they are good theoretical test cases. And my suspicion, given his era and his background is that he believed in both of them.) How can Kan't moral schema account for this intuitively important active (rather than passive) quality to moral behaviour? C) To be essentially rational is to be bound unconditionally by the requirement of obedience (of the will) to rationality; Perhaps I have missed something! Thanks. My question, is this: "Can we justify the disciplining of children (or even mandatory education) by a parent/guardian?" Even though this may constitute a case of acting on a maxim that perhaps couldn't be rationally acknowledged by the agent towards whom the parent, for example, is acting. Would the child agree to his disciplining if he knew all relevant facts and would such a circumstance render the action morally justifiable in a Kantian sense? B) The claim that out of "natural necessity" (and willing our own happiness as an end) we could we be morally justified in willing our own death, in the face of an inevitably deteriorating quality of life. With respect to the Formula of Humanity, if we accept that: A) We are each capable of acting 'on the basis of reason' (in accordance with the requirement of universal law); and B) Rationality is our essence as human beings; and We are obliged not to disregard the rationality in him, however we aren't necessarily impelled to see to it that this "setting of his own agenda" come to fruition. As a further point, it seems common sense that we should take care of children (perhaps in particular our own), however I wonder whether Kant provides a rational basis on which to justify what seems to be the positive duties to say, provide for our family, to nourish and protect our children. It seems that love is demonstrative, sometimes gratuitous and actually performed in an special kind of way. I would suggest that what we perceive as quantum indeterminacy is, in fact, time flowing backward often, but by a very small amount, in an way constrained locally by the wave 'shapes' of the particles involved. If this happened too much, we would perceive way-too-much of the universe as random, so we must inhabit a 'timeline' where time progresses forward in general, away from some point of very low entropy. But the pressure that makes it do so could be imperfect, and allow for temporal eddies to arise constantly. (This model is basically Boltzmann's theory of the universe as a deep entropy well, favoring the second law of thermodynamics as a trend rather than a rule.) And people on either side are just going on doing what they think is right. Eventually some new data will make one or the other position better, but how much better it has to look, before you buy in, depends on who you are, and how you are positioned in the 'politics' of this issue. Evidence is definitely language-dependent. If I want to do statistical analysis on the genome of rabbits, I need to know what is and what is not a rabbit, so I can go to my taxonomy and get the definition of a rabbit, and then go find some. Twenty years ago I could also do that for dinosaurs, and find that they were all extinct. But now, if I do the same, I find that birds fit the definition given for dinosaurs.