Although the Romans were advanced, and I'd argue (beer and pretzel's argument, not scholarly argument) that they were the first modern economy, they had no notion of economics. (remember they also had no word for Volcano) One could argue that at various points the Tribune of the Plebs was a sort of a detective - he was supposed to look out for the rights of the Plebs. But quickly the office was politicized. One commenter has pointed out that the source may have a bias. Most of the sources I consulted have similar facts, but most of them share the same underlying interest - Jewish history. I doubt that Festus was that important in Roman history as whole. The following paper models potential transport, and includes speed estimates. Travel in the Greco-Roman World Again arguably, Rome had a macroeconomic policy, which was roughly, "Take (peaceably if possible, by force if necessary)from those who are not Roman to enrich the Romans.", but they neither had the concepts to articulate their macroeconomic policy, nor the basics of microeconomics. At the request of several that I provide sources, I spent 15s searching youtube for video of pre-modern formation melee fighting. The narrator notes the requirement for coordination and teamwork. This is a very loose shield wall. Example - note that if the formation were encircled, the officer helping them to navigate and move would be inside the wall and blind (or dead). Participants in the turtle formation are effectively blind. It is very difficult to coordinate the activities within the turtle. If you stop to chat about which way you're going to move, you'll die. What they are doing is very difficult; they do have an officer shouting commands. They don't have people hammering weapons on those shields constantly. THey're walking on a flat field with effectively no obstacles. Imagine how that formation adapts to dead bodies, discarded weapons, mud, etc. Any time the formation slips, the encircling opponent will slip a weapon inside the resulting flaw. Beyond that, the answer depends on your social class. If you are a plebian, you're going to walk. If you are a slave, and IF you are permitted to travel, you're going to walk. If you are of the Senatorial class, you may ride, or you may be carried. The equestrian class were originally those who were wealthy enough to own/support a horse and armor, and notionally if you were below that threshold, you were not going to ride. The actions of the publican were prima facia legal because they were authorized by the governor. Anyone who complained about the procedure of tax collection was referred to the governor. I don't recall off the top of my head, but I believe that there was no right of appeal (there were informal channels to Senatorial patrons, but no formal right of appeal)