Case in point is Charlie Hebdo, the satire weekly that was attacked in January 2015. It has frequently been sued, among others for its caricatures on catholic themes. It won most of these trials but did lose once, in 1996. Another trial took place after it published the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad caricatures. Among the three caricatures named by the plaintiffs, the court deemed that one (the one by Kurt Westergaard) did in fact amount to an insult against Muslims (but it ruled that it should be interpreted in a broader context and ultimately found the paper not guilty). On the other hand, for weapons, views seem to differ more widely. So some jurisdictions could be tempted to test the limits of the constitutional guarantees while other would be much more permissive, based on local politics, and not directly on the constitution. 

I don't think the purely legal aspects are on-topic on this site so I won't address them in details. Besides, what's legal or not is going to depend on the country or countries considered and your questions touches upon several distinct issues (copyright, public funding…). In light of the comments, I think I can provide an answer. If the question is: 

Finally, the police knows who and what is targeted. It's not even religion in general but one religious practice in particular, what's called voile intégral in French (the word “burka” beside being inaccurate, isn't common anymore). The letter of the law does not matter so much in this respect, there is no effort to fight ski masks. But the French law does include such a provision and it's so broad as to belie the notion that the ban is generic, as covering the face is explicitly permitted for health and professional reasons, for sports, and as parts of celebrations, artistic or traditional events. You also have to consider the fact that at the time France had nothing like a well-functioning criminal justice system. By modern standards, it was a pretty lawless place, often in the grip of civil war under Louis XIII who had to retake several French cities from the protestants, and during the minority of Louis XIV. In fact, the Fronde was in part a push back from the aristocracy against absolutism but it was not a conflict that played out in front of some independent court system debating the legality of this or that decision, it was a military conflict. 

I am not familiar with all the intricacies of US law but one answer could be that free speech is a much more consensual principle. Regarding publicly funded TV, there are several approaches/policies: 

In many cases, you can even severely restrict someone else's ability to express opinions in private circumstances (e.g. a company can set detailed rules regarding what employees can say during and, to some extent, outside work) and that's traditionally not regarded as a major freedom of speech issue (although democracy at work is in fact a topic of debate). This is a very general idea, protected in many countries (at least in principle, even if not always very effectively). One formulation can be found in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, whose article 19 reads: