As sisters of a step mother are non-mahram scholars say that the step son shouldn't meet them without a mahram and they shouldn't appear unveiled in front of him unless he was breast-fed by his step-mother! 

But generally a mahram is either by alliance (marriage: mother, step-mother, grand-fathers-wife, wife's-mother or grandmother, daughter of a wife, son's or grandson's wife), lineage (ancestors like father mother grandfather grandmother, descent daughters, sons, grandchildren) and by breast-feeding. 

If stunning happens before the slaughtering then there are three cases: 

So we are told that it would be revealed in the Quran what kind of flesh is lawful for us! In 5:3 you can read the kind of flesh which is prohibited: 

Sources (Arabic only) islamqa#135065 and this article on the shares of women. 

What does the Quran and the Sunna say about the matter? 

What is the secrete or logic behind this division? 

and this is apparently the first Verse on this Issue as quoted in a hadith: 

It seems to me that there's no support for rape nor direct violence in conjugal relationship or for forcing the wife to have intercourse and the total submission (tamkin) matter which seems to me in total opposite to what our Messenger (peace be upon him) use to do! 

This seemingly injustice (I especially mean the fact that a male can have more than his prescribed share, but also the cases where men inherit more than women) is of course -as many if not all of the given answers say- due to the fact that a woman is not asked to pay mahr nor to be in charge for her family while this is the man's duty according to shari'a! 

Which says we are allowed to eat the food of people of the book. note that surat al-Maidah is one of the last revealed surahs and this verse is quoted among the last verses revealed. 

The Holy 5th Imam (AS) "Amr-bil-ma'roof and nahya 'anil munkir are the most important obligations because upon them depend the performance of all other obligations. If amr-bil-ma'roof and nahya 'anil munkir are done the earth will become a safe place, enemies will be subdued and all other affairs discharged satisfactorily" 

Obligatory acts of prayer are eleven: 

Being raped can be proved for judge by any method that can ensure the judge. in such cases the raped woman can ask for legal certificate from the local office of Iranian Legal Medicine Organization and use it at court. this organization makes different tests and investigations from cloths and body of woman and issues the official assessment. this is the usual procedure in such cases in Iran. 

http://www.islamic-laws.com/AmrBilMaroof.htm 

But if you consider only this topic, then there is no such verses in Quran. 

no but you should pay Khums and Zikat (whenever was applied to you) 

(b) By conduct. If talking produces no result, a gradual withdrawal of friendship and companionship should be resorted to. 

Ways of doing amr-bil-ma'roof and nahya 'anil munkir: 

(c) (in Islamic Government) The next stage should be to report the matter to 'alam-e-shar'a (the mujtahid whose muqallid you are or his duly appointed "wakil" authorised to decide jurisprudential matters). 

Niyyat (intention) Qiyam (standing erect) Takbiratul Ehram (saying Allahu Akbar while commencing the prayers) Ruku' (bowing) Sajdatayn (two prostration) Qira'at (recitation of Surah al-Hamd and other surah) Zikr (prescribed recitation in Ruku' and Sajdah) Tashahhud (bearing witness after completing the Sajdah of the second and the last Rak'at) Salaam (Salutation) Tartib (sequence) Muwalat (to perform the different acts of prayers in regular succession). The elementals (Arkan) of Prayer are five: 

You asked for a reference from Islamic countries laws scriptures. 

1- Is it true that islam prohibits eating "food on top of food"? I mean having two types of different foods in one meal? For example soups and steak? 

http://www.islamic-laws.com/salaat.htm 

At the same time Islam safeguards an individual's right to privacy in the strongest possible terms. In suratul Hujaraat Allah says: 

Now let us revert to your specific concerns. The fuqaha are all agreed on an individual's duties with regard to amr-bil-ma'roof and nahya 'anil munkir and the difficulties one often confronts. I am assured that Ayatullah Khameni's views coincide with those of Ayatullah Ruhullah Khumaini and marhum Ayatullah Khui, upon whom I have mostly relied. 

However, there is a minor question of culture. Islam does not stipulate what your culture should be; rather, it forms around and within different cultures of different nations, regions, and peoples. The best example of this is the famous incident of the Prophet, peace be upon him, being offered lizard. 

The hadith commands respect and kindness. But what do these mean from an Islamic law perspective? The answer is, it depends on your culture. In some cultures, you kiss the head of your grandparents when they visit. In others, you don't. 

I am going to assume that your question is about Islam, and not about the Qur'an, because much of the body of texts that dictate specifics about laws exist in hadith literature (narrations of the Prophet, peace be upon him, and his companions). 

I will summarize; the entire hadith is recorded in Saheeh Muslim. 

We also see narrations, like this one: 

By direct implication, all of the laws of Islam apply equally and universally to all nations. While we may see certain Muslim countries choose to apply some laws and ignore others, Islam necessitates all of its laws to be implemented in every country and nation that rules by Islam. This includes, as you mentioned, hudood (capital punishment). 

This verse pretty much clearly indicates the universality of Islam -- it was revealed in the desert of Arabia 1400 years ago, and Allah designed and intended the message to spread throughout and across the globe. This is why we see, in the first 30 years of Islam, rapid expansion far beyond the confines of the Arabian peninsula.