While your intentions may be quite concrete, your maxims are already abstract/general. Maxims of acts, according to Timmermann in "Sittengesetz und Freiheit" (no translation available as far as I know, while some of this may be included in his Cambridge Edition of the Groundwork for Metaphysics of Morals) include a given end and its chosen means. In your example: Conclusion That means that 'respect' has some aspects of beauty (also see first point), but does not express the feeling of an accordance with our capacities, but a shortfalling (as finite beings), and is therefore some kind of the sublime. But the main difference to both of them is the objectiveness of the (grounds of the) judgement, as the object of beauty as well as the sublime is different (intuitions/representations vs. morality as a concept, see 1) in the remarks on the analogy). They are therefore destinct, but purposive, as they each acquaint with one of what is both part of the moral feeling, i.e. respect. 

There is also a formal reason: Kant uses the Hobbesian criterion from De Cive that "[the citizen] serves no one other than the commonwealth". As again Maliks writes: 

Interim conclusion So the argument up to here runs as follows (slightly paraphrased at times and with the necessary interim steps that I just described): 

Now, a universal inclination would mean that there is an object - i.e. a determined thing in the realm of experience - every single action of every single rational being would necessarily include as its end. And as absurd this is generally, for Kant it is even more absurd due to the fact that he very well allows for other rational beings to perceive the world completely different, i.e. they may not even understand our objects as objective or at all, as they represent things differently (he is agnostic towards this possibility, though): I justify this above all with the last sentence of paragraph 11: 

In this way there arises the idea of a twofold metaphysics, a metaphysics of nature and a metaphysics of morals. Physics will thus have its empirical, but also a rational part; so too will ethics, though here the empirical part might in particular be called practical anthropology, the rational part actually moral science. (GMM, 4:388) So there can be no categorical imperative commanding suicide, no matter how casuisticly sophisticated the situation may be. Because duties are imposed by the categorical imperative (singular!). Kant goes through our three faculties of knowledge (Sensuousness, Understanding, Reason) in the Transcendental Aesthetics, Analytics and Dialectics. In every faculty he is searching for perceptions a priori and their relation to objects. 

Summary The understanding of what it means to be Wissenschaft, i.e. something that through its methods literally translated creates knowledge [Wissen = knowledge; schaffen = to create], had been quite different. Hume's skepticism led to the understanding that all phenomenal, empirical data is not reliable enough to constitute knowledge in this very peculiar sense. The author insists on differentiating between the uses of the word. 

The problem we are confronted with, as philosophers, is grave: As nature is best described by natural sciences, how can we claim that we know anything not accessible by them? The difference between a barber and a wigmaker therefore is that the barber indeed has property in sense of a craft just as the wigmaker, but he is not independent through it because he never really posesses it, he necessarily "alienates what is his" This is manifestating in many modern constitutions (e.g. the german Grundgesetz, Article 1) and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Article 1. And the notion has strong effects in movements for equality of whatever kind between humans. 

Good sources not mentioned in either of the commentaries, nor Förster (but only in German, just like the mentioned, excellent Schönecker, Beister, Reich, etc.): Immanuel Kant in Rede und Gespräch by Rudolf Malter (ed.) and Kant und das Problem des metaphysischen Idealismus by Dietmar Hermann Heidemann A more modern work would be the Routledge Philosophy GuideBook to Kant on Judgment From Robert Wicks, new edition from 2007, which explicitly mentions the lack of literature on the book as a whole since Cassirer's commentary because of the focus on the aesthetics of Kant in the first part of the book, claiming to close the gap in the preface, pages X and XI. That is exactly what you referred to in the OP. Nothing interesting here, as he does not seem to think he had to provide any reasons for that. The questions therefore is totally legit and leaves us with the task to provide an answer.