Hank Hanegraaff and I agree on one point--all Christians should seek reconciliation. Our terminology differs. To Hank, reconciliation is necessary for forgiveness. In my view, they are two distinct things. 

In a nut shell, I believe Hank is confusing the terms "forgiveness" and "reconciliation." 

I highly respect Hank, but I strongly disagree with him on this issue. 

Christ offers us the same forgiveness as the store in my analogy. It is forgiveness extended to all humans. For various reasons, not all humans accept that forgiveness, and therefore reconciliation with Christ is not always experienced. 

As Christians, we are called both to forgiveness and reconciliation. 

Hank Hannegraaff briefly answers this question here, and in much more detail other places, by saying: 

I will provide two answers here, although the core of the two answers I believe is the same. 

First an analogy: You buy something at the store on credit, then decide not to pay your bill. After months of annoying letters and phone calls, your contempt for the store grows, and you stop shopping at the store entirely. Eventually you move away, and leave no forwarding address. Years later, some kind soul at the store decides to forgive your debt. They send a letter to your old address saying "Please don't pay us." You never receive the letter because you have moved away. 

It is by the conversion of the bread and wine into Christ's body and blood that Christ becomes present in this sacrament. The Church Fathers strongly affirmed the faith of the Church in the efficacy of the Word of Christ and of the action of the Holy Spirit to bring about this conversion. Thus St. John Chrysostom declares: 

Jesus, the eternal Son of God, took upon Himself sinless humanity, giving up His heavenly glory (Philippians 2:5-11). Jesus was both God and man in one person. For this reason we see His tempting by Satan (Matt. 4:1-11), accused falsely by men, rejected by His people, and eventually crucified. He had a will. He ate. He slept, etc. 

 Also others in Gospels are never referred as sons of Mary, not even when they are called Jesus’ brothers, which is strange in case they were indeed his brothers. 

So are there any other such references in non-Jewish traditions where the manifestation Jesus Christ was prophesised? 

The fact that we are still dying in spite of Jesus dying for us, shows that death is more than what we know it to be in everyday meaning. There is something called "second death" in the Bible. 

The story of withering of fig tree, apart from reminding for having faith in God's power, depicts a few other things about the persona of Jesus. 

St. Augustine admirably summed up this doctrine that moves us to an ever more complete participation in our Redeemer's sacrifice which we celebrate in the Eucharist: 

Christ’s Sacrifice is once for all. 

In this full chapter of John 17, we see that whatever he was communing with his Father was like a conversation. It is the Son of God in His humanity talking with God the Father, two parts of the tri-unity, along with the Holy Spirit, the Father God, the Son God, and the Spirit God, not three gods, but one God existing as three persons. 

First an analogy: You buy something at the store on credit, then decide not to pay your bill. After months of annoying letters and phone calls, your contempt for the store grows, and you stop shopping at the store entirely. Eventually you move away, and leave no forwarding address. Years later, some kind soul at the store decides to forgive your debt. They send a letter to your old address saying "Please don't pay us." You never receive the letter because you have moved away. 

Was your debt forgiven? Clearly, yes. Was your relationship with the store restored? Clearly not. 

Likewise, we are to forgive everyone who sins against us, and to whatever extent possible, seek out reconciliation with them. However, it is up to them whether they are willing to reconcile. So while our forgiveness of others is always possible, our reconciliation with others is not always possible. 

Forgiveness is no longer holding a debt against someone. Forgetfulness is stupid.