The founders did not create a gold standard for the new republic, and thus there was no reason why they should have stipulated one in the Constitution. - Kooijman, Jaap. ... And the Pursuit of National Health: The Incremental Strategy Toward National Health Insurance in the United States of America. Vol. 8. Rodopi, 1999. - Roberts, Geoffrey. Molotov: Stalin's cold warrior. Potomac Books, Inc., 2011. [6] Zheng was only created in 806 B.C., and like Zhou itself migrated into the region from the West. After King Ping moved the court east, Zheng conquered the Eastern Guo and Kuai within four years, establishing its new territories in their former lands. Let's assume that the Shogun and Emperor really wanted to merge[Note 2], and did something crazy like adopt the Crown Price as his official heir. In reality, the preferred historic method is to marry into the royal family while maintaining your own lineage of temporal power. The best example is the Fujiwara clan, who for centuries monopolised the powerful positions of Sesshō and Kampaku. They entrenched their position by marrying into the Imperial Family as Empress Consorts and Crown Princesses. Tsinghua Bamboo Slips - Chapter II: King You and [Bao Si's son] died. Zhou fell. The princes and ministers crowned King You's brother at Guo as [King Xie]. 21 years later, Chou, the Marquis Wen of Jin, killed King Xie at Guo. Zhou lost king for nine years3, and the princes began to cease paying homage. With Social Security seemingly bogged down, Roosevelt decided to hold off on public health insurance, and ultimately shelved the idea altogether in favour of increasing the availability of medical care. Male citizens over the age of 25 were eligible to vote, except for members of the Imperial Army or Navy and the Imperial family. Originally, suffrage was limited to only those who had paid 15 yen in taxes. This initially meant that rural landowners dominated the franchise. However, the tax restriction was reduced to 10 yen and then 3 yen, and eventually abolished altogether by the General Election Law of 1925. China (at the time) was one of the "Big Four" Allies (France was not) during World War II. (The "United Nations" originally meant the united, anti-Axis nations.) It's true that the "Big Three" were the United States, Britain, and the Soviet Union, but there were a number of much weaker, plausible "number four" states, including China, France, and Poland (the latter two were German-occupied, with large Free French and free Polish contingents). Of these, China was the strongest and most important. France was "number five," added at the end of the war. This hierarchy was put forth by U.S. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, who planned on having China as a counterweight after the war against British and French colonialism, and prophetically foresaw China's rise to world power (although in a different form than he envisioned). To quote Marc Anthony out of context, "The evil that men do live after their deaths; the good is oft interred with their bones." He dropped out of high school and spent a large part of early adult years as a homeless, wandering man, with an affinity for painting, from which he sometimes made a living, although not the one he dreamed about. This period of life ended when he joined the military, rose to lance corporal, was wounded twice, and was decorated for bravery. That is, until it enrolled "Member Number 7," aka Adolf Hitler, who had other ideas. Florence Nightingale is considered the pioneer of "nursing," or at least military nursing. She was from a wealthy reforming family that pushed for rudimentary health care and sanitation measures in the British army. Up to that time, more soldiers died of disease than of battlefield casualties. Following the reforms that she wrought, the disease rate for both the military, and civilians, went down sharply. In the U.S., there are a lot of straight boundaries in western states that are sparsely populated, and have large chunks of desert or at least "deserted" land. E.g. Nevada, Utah, Wyoming, Colorado, the Dakotas. In the more densely populated eastern states, borders are more likely to be drawn along natural boundaries that separate groups of people. The AIP was led by Governor George Wallace of Alabama, who was a champion of the poor white (often union) working man. There are some authorities that believe that Wallace's racism was less a reflection of his personal beliefs than a matter of political expediency. His career took off (among white voters) when he started using anti-black rhetoric. In his 1968 Presidential campaign, Wallace won the three Gulf states, plus Georgia and Arkansas. Interestingly, he did not win South Carolina, which Thurmond held for Nixon. P.S. A possible (trivial) answer might be that the Nazis have not properly nationalized the industry, with most plants still remaining in private hands - so a full parallel is impossible. However, I understand that industry was very tightly watched and regulated in Nazi Germany as well - so perhaps the question makes some sense after all. In fact, I am in favour of an early dating, i.e. I think that the Romans have wisened up to the change in the rules of the game quite early, by Nero's succession the very latest. Probably, already by Gaius's succession, as @TylerDurden has argued. I wonder, though, why he did not try to get elected as consul (very likely given his family connections and personal distinction) and to enact his reforms then. This would have taken more time but wouldn't it have a better prima facie chance of working out? The shift was indeed gradual and it was in the interests of the regime, when it was still taking root, to dissimulate that the Republic was intact and the emperor was just the first among equals. Augustus was a past master at this sort of game; Tiberius tried to play it too but with ill results. Later emperors felt less need to do so. Or was he afraid of getting saddled with a veto-wielding conservative colleague in the consulship?