With a ballpark figure of 10,000 men per division, 500,000 men would be roughly 50 divisions. That figure is out by a factor of 3 to 5 in regards to infantry and armour forces. Naval and Air forces were of course also stationed in Norway, but those were primarily offensive forces engaged in combat against the Murmansk Convoys and, to a lesser extent, the North-West approaches to the British Isles by merchant marine convoys. (The South-West approaches used so extensively during WW I, passing south of Ireland, were unusable for much of WW II because of the vulnerability to air attack from France by the Luftwaffe.) 

Casablanca is further from Tunis than London is from Berlin. Would you have regarded London in January 1943 as safe enough? The Vichy French had switched sides easily enough a two months earlier, so there was no realistic sense of domestic trouble in Casablanca, or French NW Africa. The premise that that German attack at the Kasserine Pass might have thrown the Allies out of NW Africa falls under the realm of alternative history; wasn't happening no-how, no-way. It caught completely green American recruits, under trained and under poor leadership, by surprise, and succeeded to a much greater extent than it truly had any right to. Churchill regularly proved his bravery during the Blitz, wandering around London at all hours of the day or night; he might easily have engaged in a caper such as you suggest. My belief is that Stalin, and Roosevelt at least through the 1944 election, regarded themselves as indispensable, and would thus not have put themselves in personal jeopardy. With the battle for Stalingrad still underway, one can easily imagine Stalin's potential difficulties in getting to Casablanca. Any further East might similarly be problematic for Churchill and Roosevelt at that point in time. 

from Australia's War 1939 - 1945: 

John D. Rockefeller Sr. was far and away the richest man in the world in 1937 at his death. But with the bulk of his wealth bequeathed to the Rockefeller (and other) foundations rather than to his son John D. Jr., that probably leaves Henry Ford the world's richest man in 1939. 

If the people of that portion of an invaded country which is not yet occupied by the enemy, or of the whole country, at the approach of a hostile army, rise, under a duly authorized levy en masse to resist the invader, they are now treated as public enemies, and, if captured, are prisoners of war. 

This map of the North Pacific from Tokyo to Panama (red x's) shows a likely route from Japan to Panama that attempts to stay away from U.S. (and friendly)possessions. The busy sea and air routes from Vancouver and San Diego (and thus also San Francisco and Los Angeles) to Pearl are enclosed by the black lines. Note the distance, and thus time, spent east of Pearl. 

From speech made by Prime Minister Robert Gordon Menzies, 3 September 1939 

Churchill states that initially it was believed that only about 3,000 were left behind in Crete, but that this figure was later revised upwards to almost 6,000. The figures above may be from the initial estimates. 

(2) The persons belonging to one of the categories enumerated in the present Article, who have been received by neutral or non-belligerent Powers on their territory and whom these Powers are required to intern under international law, without prejudice to any more favourable treatment which these Powers may choose to give and with the exception of Articles 8, 10, 15, 30, fifth paragraph, 58-67, 92, 126 and, where diplomatic relations exist between the Parties to the conflict and the neutral or non-belligerent Power concerned, those Articles concerning the Protecting Power. Where such diplomatic relations exist, the Parties to a conflict on whom these persons depend shall be allowed to perform towards them the functions of a Protecting Power as provided in the present Convention, without prejudice to the functions which these Parties normally exercise in conformity with diplomatic and consular usage and treaties.