I'm sure there others (I will definitely look for them) and thanks for the question. 

You said something in a convo in chat, about not wanting him to miss out on cool stuff over this and indicated you felt you had missed out on cool stuff because of a shier nature. Tell him about it - not necessarily in a moment of decision (that just feels like pressure) but as a part of your family memory and story sharing. Talk about cool experiences you did have successfully despite being nervous and how you gathered the courage to go try it out. Share with him about opportunities you had, didn't take, and wished you had taken later. Sharing stories about overcoming adversity and challenges with your kids is actually really good for them as it creates a unifying "story" of the family. According to this article, such collections of family stories told and retold helps in building a family (and children) with a resiliant outlook (which actually helps confidence too - having a resiliant outlook) on life. It also lets your child know you understand him and support him (as long as it isn't used to pressure him to do things he is uncomfortable doing) and gives him examples of what to do and what not to do in his own life if he decides to accept the lessons from your own challenges. 

To Understand First Some kids fight rules and a sense of "being controlled" by seeking out ways to feel "in control" of their parents. This is especially true in children that experience physical punishment and the negative feelings and sense of shame that comes with being hit by their parents (at least, in cultures where being hit is no longer the standard). 

You can also "preview" predicatable new situations through books about said situation and role-play before hand. If he knows the "rules" a little better before, he may not need to observe for as long before he starts feeling more comfortable. 

It may not be a confidence problem so much as he is a "watcher." I've known plenty of kids that need to have a couple of exposures to new people, places, or kinds of events before they seem comfortable. These kids, just need a chance to get the lay of the land by watching what others do. Once they know the expectations and "rules" of the new person, place or thing, they warm right up and know what they need to do to get along in the new environment. 

Between two and five or so, kids are really testing out their impact on the world around them. They still also need a lot of time with you. They spend a lot of time asserting their own opinions and desires over the people around them and test the limits of what they can effect. Without all the verbal skills you have, especially related to emotions, they often turn to other means to get what they want. This is all done at only a sub or semi concious level, it is not as though they are thinking, "how can I manipulate mom and dad this time?" but they are learning new skills related to cause and effect and what effect they can have and testing those skills. This manifests itself in different ways and generally by the time they are four or five things are calmer than at two and three, but your child is reaching new levels of sophistication in his/her exertion of control. 

When he is doing a good job. Make sure to observe it from time to time. "I really appreciate the voice level you are using. You seem to have been trying to match your voice level to the occasion/location" 

First of all, as a former teacher, in regard to the chaperoning situation I would say, When you are the chaperone your rule rules. Before going, everyone should be clear about what the rules and expectations are, but "when in Rome" applies here. If you use corporal punishment (which, based on other postings here I doubt, but if you do, make sure other parents know it before they agree to send their child with you). Then, deal with it how you deal with it. 

Most importantly, don't try to "fix" stuff for her but be there for her by just listening to what she is going through and supporting her as the loving parent you are. Ask her what she thinks might "fix" the problem and then ask her what she thinks the ultimate consequence of any of her "fix" ideas might be. Start asking her to analyze her ideas for solutions. This will help her learn some of those conflict resolution skills as well as coping skills I mention above, but it will also ensure she knows you love, support and respect her and that you are there for her, but that you can't just fix everything either - another lesson that needs to come along with growing up. As she gets older, it will also help prevent her from feeling misunderstood by you as much as possible.