Requirements for different political offices are different. So you would need to look at the exact requirements for a political office to tell if it might theoretically be open to legal persons. For example, Article 2 of the US constitution says about the requirements of being the president: •Religious offense toward Christ, Mohammad, God etc. 

According to §108b StGB [German|English] (Bribing voters), selling or buying a vote is also a crime which is penalized with up to 5 years. •Offense of the king, president or any public figure. 

The German criminal code also has the §166 which forbids to insult religious groups in a way which may cause civil unrest. In the light of the recent attack in Paris, this "blasphemy paragraph" is again matter of public discussion. There are both people who want to make it stricter as well as those who want to abolish it completely. 

According to §107a StGB [German|English] (Falsification of election results), voting in the name of someone else is a crime punishable by up to 5 years in prison. And why does the media react to this so predictable? Because when thousands of protesters hold up pictures of a face and chant a name, people want to know why. So it's the job of the media to provide people with the background information and do research how justified this specific claim by a protest movement is. So the case gets far more media attention than similar cases. 

In order to answer this question, I am going to quote the directive itself. All emphasis in the following quotes are mine. 

§130 of the German criminal code (Public Incitement) forbids to call for violent actions against groups of the population based on nationality, religion or ethnicity or against individual people because they belong to such a group. The same paragraph also forbids holocaust denial or approval ("assault the human dignity of the victims by approving of, denying or rendering harmless the violent and arbitrary National Socialist rule"). 

Since you are asking if any country generally considered to be democratic restricts offensive speech, I will offer France as an example. French law punishes personal offenses, offenses against public figures and some institutions and offenses against certain groups but does not protect religious symbols as such. Specifically, article 29 of the law on the freedom of the press provides that: 

So the king could take hold of a case and dispense any punishment he saw fit without having to provide any justification. That included declaring someone innocent, increasing the punishment or summarily imprisoning or exiling someone (thus stopping potentially embarrassing cases immediately). In fact, the practice of imprisonment itself was created ex nihilo by the king as laws and customs only envisioned death and exile as punishments (usually however, the case would run its course and the family would then petition the king's officers to have the punishment reduced to a prison sentence). 

Concretely, in absolutist ancien régime France, all justice proceeded from the king. Judges and tribunals were regarded as justice déléguée but the king retained the right to judge any matter himself (justice retenue). Historically, preexisting courts (because absolutism was only established and theorised quite late) were brought into this system after the fact and justice rendered by local aristocrats was considered to be justice concédée (i.e. ultimately legitimised by the king). 

Finally, there is also a law against “offenses [outrage] against the national hymn or the tricolor flag”, which has been compared to a kind of “secular blasphemy” by critics. Unlike many such laws in other countries, this one was enacted very recently (2003) following some controversies about the attitude of crowds when the national hymn was played at the beginning of football matches. It's not part of the aforementioned “law on the freedom of the press” and only applies to some public events (i.e. it does not prevent you from making fun of the flag or hymn in a cartoon or a song). At the same time, the law is definitely not about public safety, being able to identify people or some other ostensibly “neutral” consideration. Besides the opinion of the ECHR, another evidence for this is that it was prepared by the commission dealing with gender equality issues and preceded by an inquiry explicitly about the hijab. And of course, there is no law that makes it mandatory to be identifiable at all times or some such. The only context in which this issue comes up is the hijab. 

Therein lies some level of contradiction: It's not obvious that forms of hijab not covering the face or, indeed, nun habits are less problematic from a gender equality perspective. It seems likely that there are many more women wearing a regular hijab who feel pressured to do so, whereas wearing the niqab is almost certainly the result of a personal political or religious choice. But the law does not cover the former while banning the latter. 

One instrument of this justice retenue, the lettre de cachet was especially controversial. They were used (among many other uses) to imprison mad people or prostitutes without any basis in written law or sometimes to have people detained at the behest of their family. In this case, crime and punishment were just a matter of tradition and convenience, the king could in principle simply ignore them and if he does nothing, they are not illegal per se. On the other hand, religious symbols or figures are not protected as such by French law. You won't find any law defining blasphemy in general law (but see below) or punishing offenses against Christ or Christianity. But there is a fine line between insulting a religion and insulting a group of people because of their religion. 

The last time someone was sentenced for insulting the president in France was in 2008. That person held a sign reading “Get lost, you bloody idiot” (a phrase the president uttered himself a few months earlier) during an official visit in his town. France was condemned by the European Court of Human Rights for this and ultimately removed this provision from the law.