7 The rule of UNITY: The parts of Scripture being interpreted must be construed with reference to the significance of the whole. An interpretation must be consistent with the rest of Scripture. An excellent example of this is the doctrine of the Trinity. No single passage teaches it, but it is consistent with the teaching of the whole of Scripture (e.g. the Father, Jesus, and the Holy Spirit are referred to individually as God; yet the Scriptures elsewhere teach there is only one God). 26 For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also. But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart. When you examine it, every one of us has broken each and every one of the Ten Commandments, if not in deed, then in heart and in intent. For example, perhaps we've never committed adultery physically, but as Jesus said, if we've looked at someone with lust, we've committed adultery in our hearts. So, according to Scripture, as understood by the overwhelming majority of Christianity, it is absolutely a heresy to say that Jesus would deceive us to protect our souls. What we believe is what the Bible teaches, which is that ANYONE who does not receive Christ and accept His free gift of salvation are going to hell. Not because of what they believe, but because of their rejection of the free gift. (John 3:18) 25 Likewise, was not Rahab the harlot also justified by works when she received the messengers and sent them out another way? As I said in the beginning, a comprehensive list of Scriptures would be prohibitively large, and it would be impossible to do a better job of answering this than has already been done by Paul in Romans, but here is a link to an article with more. So, the none of these people are sinless by the standards laid forth in Scripture. In the words of Ray Comfort in his teaching on Hell's Best Kept Secret, God's Law is like a mirror that shows us to ourselves in our true nature. If we see we have a dirty face in a mirror, we don't wash our faces with the mirror. No, we wash our faces with water. Whether or not there are separate judgments is something that's been debated for centuries. I won't put my own personal beliefs here, as they are flavored heavily by the doctrines I've been immersed in. If the Mosaic Law promised eternal life based on obedience to the Law, the entire message of Christianity would be invalidated. Even though this is a very simplistic way of explaining these views, and there are nuances of understanding and shades of belief that fall between these three, I really don't see anything incorrect about your summary. There isn't an official "Church" or denomination. (Why would there be?) It seems to be more of a movement and growing trend. Romans 1 touches on the subject of whether or not we are held guilty if we've never heard the Gospel message. It lays out a few truths: As we saw in Romans 2 (quoted above), the Bible tells us that God will not accept ignorance as an excuse. They will perish without the Law, as God's word states, because they have sinned and broken the law, not because they have rejected Jesus. Accepting Jesus is the only way to be saved. He pays the penalty for our guilt. However, the reason we are guilty is not because we didn't accept Him, it's because we chose to sin. Likewise, we can't wash away our sins with the mirror of God's law, but instead are washed clean by the blood of Christ. This is the essence of the message to the Romans. First, there is the entire book of Romans, which is a build-up to, statement of, and then supporting evidence of, the doctrine. Some relevant verses: And most denominations that I am aware of state that Heresy is a sin. At least one Reverend from the Protestant Church in the Netherlands would fit the profile, and teaches this view from the pulpit. 4 The rule of HISTORICAL BACKGROUND: The interpreter must have some awareness of the life and society of the times in which the Scripture was written. The spiritual principle will be timeless but often can't be properly appreciated without some knowledge of the background. If the interpreter can have in his mind what the writer had in his mind when he wrote - without adding any excess baggage from the interpreter's own culture or society - then the true thought of the Scripture can be captured resulting in an accurate interpretation. Oliver Wendell Holmes said, "Our only interest in the past is for the light it throws upon the present."