I've responded to this question as though the creationists (et al.) were doing responsible scientific work. The Dover case has provided evidence that at least some practitioners in that camp intentionally ignored good scientific practices in order to produce what are, in effect, political propaganda to support their religious stance. Even if some practitioners are making good faith efforts to understand the world (scientifically), almost all of the time the quality of the work is dubious. For example, the mathematical modelling used to justify "irreducible complexity" was quickly shown to contain errors, and each of the the supposed biochemical examples of the same were shown to have less complex analogs in other species; the kinds of errors that erase a researcher's credibility. At some point, poor enough work, or continuing to pursue an idea despite disconfirming evidence, can be considered "not science" Materialism, especially when differentiated from physicalism, tends to connote the idea that all that there is is matter moving around. Nowadays we consider various kinds of non-matter stuff -- energy, momentum, quantum fields... as being real. These non-material things are sufficiently different from (the conception of) "matter" as used by the early materialists and thus a new term is required. I can't rule out the possibility that in the future there will be some other kind of stuff, sufficiently different from what we currently accept lives under the term physical, that we'll again need to construct a new category. Of course I can't imagine what such stuff would be. Just poking around on the web I've found the mathematical universe hypothesis by Max Tegmark -- which has in it the idea that mathematics is "really real". If that hypothesis were to pan out, then one might reasonably say that physcialism missed the mark. There are probably other ways that one could immesh the laws of physics, or even mathematics itself, in with the the structure of the universe such that it would not be precise to describe these ontologies as being strictly physical. If you construct the Bayesian network for this problem, like for the three die problem below, you won't find anything in the network's topology that implies any kind of ordering on the "is greater than" nodes, so there is no reason to think that there should be any sort of ordering on those nodes, since we have complete freedom in selecting the distributions over the "dice" nodes (i.e. we could make dice with any sets of numbers on the sides that we like). Although counter-intuitive (like the Monty Hall problem), it is a non-problem when analyzed systematically.