Screenshot of Unix public beta start mouseover http://mrozekma.com/so-a51-unix-beta-public-hover.png Screenshot of the host list http://so.mrozekma.com/chat-modify-room-host.png I mangled a convert to comment earlier and needed to undelete the post so I could redo it. When the post was converted a second time, I noticed it suddenly had a single undelete vote (it said "undelete (1)" on the link, and showed up in the 10k list). When I undeleted and converted it again it had two votes, and so on: This happens even if the public beta hasn't started yet; the "in X days" text has the same mouseover timestamp as the private beta one: If I delete normally it works fine; it's only converting to comment (and probably edit, although I didn't try) more than once that leaves behind undelete votes However, when editing a room, the option doesn't appear on the host list: On Area 51, the timestamps on the right-side of a proposal that show the starts of each phase show the exact same time for public and private beta starts. For example: Screenshot of Unix private beta start mouseover http://mrozekma.com/so-a51-unix-beta-private-hover.png When creating a new chat room, it's possible to not associate it with a specific site, if you choose "The Stack Exchange Network" from the site list (it appears twice for some reason, but that's a separate issue): However, after 5 seconds the flag button no longer works; instead you get: Screenshot of the above http://mrozekma.com/so-chat-reverse.png After I invite a user to join careers I would like to check out their public profile. It would be mighty nifty to have search box that uses google custom search on the stackexchange.com site to search all the stack exchange sites. At the end of the day this is a simple usability issue, you are showing me information that is not at all relevant to me in 200% font size and I would like the information either made relevant or taken away. When a user attempts to tag a question "sqlserver" should we? Rename the tag in the background, not display anything to the user. Disallow the save, suggest sql-server as an allowed tag and explain that sqlserver is not. Something else. Thoughts? I am a horrendous speller, and my mild dyslexia does not help. NOTE this feature is designed to salvage "good" information from non-answers. It is not meant to be used to convert "thank you" answers to comments - they should be simply deleted.