Edit I just tried to get access to the tertiary literature again from where I took the information in this answer, in order to be able to cite the sources they reference. This wasn't successful, but I found that most balanced accounts of the Socrates trial also contain the information to which I referred in this answer. Hopefully the following quote clarifies the significance of the "contrived reasons": 

Important support for Stone's conclusion comes from the earliest surviving reference to the trial of Socrates that does not come from one of his disciples. In 345 B.C.E., the famous orator Aechines told a jury: "Men of Athens, you executed Socrates, the sophist, because he was clearly responsible for the education of Critias, one of the thirty anti-democratic leaders." 

So when Aristotle explained "I will not allow the Athenians to sin twice against philosophy", he really feared persecution, albeit for reasons unrelated to philosophy (or "not holding the gods in honor"). 

I intentionally wrote "Socrates was a living person" instead of "it's extremely unlikely that Socrates was merely a figment of Plato's imagination", because I'm convinced that the available evidence for this statement is not weaker than the available evidence for other commonly accepted statements. Socrates was a living person, and was really sentenced to death. He wasn't the only one being sentenced to death for contrived reasons during that time in Athens. People fleeing Athens for fear of persecution sometimes referred to Socrates death for justification. I see this as some form of convention, because the accusation "not holding the gods in honor" often just masked reasons more closely related to xenophobia, and referring to Socrates allowed the victims to avoid giving the real reasons why they feared persecution. 

First, let me make some general remarks not limited to Michel Foucault specifically. There is a balancing act in philosophy. On the one hand, it is not mathematics or hard science with clear standards of evidence and methodology, and there is vast ambiguity in most philosophically non-trivial notions and issues. To a lesser extent than poets, but philosophers are generally granted "poetic license". It covers high tolerance for the "sampling bias", to guess at patterns that are currently beyond reliable detection, speculation beyond what evidence might conceivably support, and subjectivity of approach. Philosophy could not play its well-known historical role as an incubator of sciences and generator of scientific hypotheses without such frivolities, and that is just one of its many roles. One person's bias is another person's interpretation. Just think about ancient atomists who certainly had to interpret and speculate a lot to motivate their theories, which nonetheless proved to be fruitful later. 3) No conscious state of my own can serve as the permanent entity by reference to which I can determine the temporal order of my experiences. (premise) 

It is noteworthy that the Burali-Forti paradox can also be equivalently presented as employing "infinite regress" (transfinite induction) or as a reductio that avoids its explicit use. Similar language is used in a blog review of Machinamenta. On the other hand, Dawson in Logical Dilemmas does not use the word "obsessed", only "preoccupied". Gödel did have a deep interest in Leibniz's work (as did Husserl, Gödel's another major influence), after all they were both fellow objective idealists and mathematical platonists. Here is Dawson, p.107: Once Gödel took Morgenstern to the Princeton University Library and gathered books and articles that appeared during or shortly after Leibniz’s life containing exact references to his writings, together with the very collections or series to which the references had been made. In some cases neither in the cited pages nor elsewhere was any writing of Leibniz to be found, in other cases the series broke off just before the cited passages, or the volumes containing the cited passages were never published. One can see how someone as preoccupied with Leibniz as Gödel would conclude that he was "systematically sabotaged by his editors". But what really sealed the deal was Gödel's and Morgenstern's experience in 1949 with microfilming Leibniz's manuscripts kept in Hanover: 

I intentionally wrote "Socrates was a living person" instead of "it's extremely unlikely that Socrates was merely a figment of Plato's imagination", because I'm convinced that the available evidence for this statement is not weaker than the available evidence for other commonly accepted statements. 

Important support for Stone's conclusion comes from the earliest surviving reference to the trial of Socrates that does not come from one of his disciples. In 345 B.C.E., the famous orator Aechines told a jury: "Men of Athens, you executed Socrates, the sophist, because he was clearly responsible for the education of Critias, one of the thirty anti-democratic leaders." So when Aristotle explained "I will not allow the Athenians to sin twice against philosophy", he really feared persecution, albeit for reasons unrelated to philosophy (or "not holding the gods in honor"). Socrates was a living person, and was really sentenced to death. He wasn't the only one being sentenced to death for contrived reasons during that time in Athens. People fleeing Athens for fear of persecution sometimes referred to Socrates death for justification. I see this as some form of convention, because the accusation "not holding the gods in honor" often just masked reasons more closely related to xenophobia, and referring to Socrates allowed the victims to avoid giving the real reasons why they feared persecution. Edit I just tried to get access to the tertiary literature again from where I took the information in this answer, in order to be able to cite the sources they reference. This wasn't successful, but I found that most balanced accounts of the Socrates trial also contain the information to which I referred in this answer. Hopefully the following quote clarifies the significance of the "contrived reasons":