As for Yudkowski's belief in mind uploading, that belief is quite common among functionalists. A lot of people, including Chalmers, Marvin Minsky, and Google's Ray Kurzweil, believe that. Here is an interesting video from a documentary interview of the philosopher Derek Parfit describing a very similar scenario: https://youtu.be/uS-46k0ncIs?t=5m54s Another way to interpret this is to realize that it is just radically possible that we don't all have the same kind of inner experience. By "AI programs" Putnam refers to programs that we create in practice. By a TM simulating a human being, Putnam is refers to a program that exists in principle. What the problems in the argument are, and why it is overlooked, are two different questions. Can't one explain these cases with failure of memory rather than absence of consciousness? how would you eliminate that possibility? Consider this quote by Feynman from page 10 of QED: The Strange Theory of Light and Matter: To take a prosaic example: I show you a bag, and say that inside this bag there is some money; you opens it and you look inside it and see that the bag is in fact empty; so you say 'I thought you said there was some money in there'; and I reply, 'well some is a number, and a number could be zero; and in fact, here, it is zero'. What does he mean by this? I read this first meaning the quest for all knowledge; but this cannot be right; I suspect given his theory of falsifiability one cannot attain proven knowledge of the world - there can always be new evidence that fails it. However, given Kants starting point I think Kant means knowledge of a more basic kind - measuring a metre, measuring a second, that there are two bottles there; or taking that this has caused that. But perhaps, and probably more likely, he means more. What was Kants 'quest for knowledge'? By the same token, if someone's grain is ruined on the threshing floor, this does not mean that the rain fell for the purpose of ruining the grain: it is just a coincidence. So what is wrong with the idea that the parts of natural things are like this as well? Its interesting (at least for me) whether Lacans use of topology can be usefully utilised here; this may be grounded if one can show that Lacan used existentialism in his own thinking, this being likely as he was an eclectic thinker. But in the intuitive mind the principles are found in common use; and are before the eyes of everybody. One only has to look, and no effort is neccessary; it is only a question of good eyesight. But it must be good, for the principles are so subtle and so numerous that it is almost impossible that some should escape notice. I haven't read anything by Dennet, so I can't comment directly; but it might be worth noting that an illusion exists: it exists as an illusion; but what is of course being implied here is that it is not the most basic level of reality. Consider for example the problem of free will - one can imagine two philosophers who hold opposing views on free will, and who for many years reject each other's view using reductio ad absurdum; is that not absurd? So far I failed to make even one of them realise that there is something in their inner experience that cannot conceivably be reproduced/simulated by a Turing machine. I wonder if such a zombie could conclude cogito ergo sum since I believe Descartes really meant (inner) experience entails existence, and that the purpose of I in that statement is simply to point out that first person, direct inner witnessing, rather than some concept of a self. Here is an interesting video from a documentary interview of the philosopher Derek Parfit describing a very similar scenario: https://youtu.be/uS-46k0ncIs?t=5m54s you might also enjoy the following very funny video of Feynman explaining nature's craziness to students - https://youtu.be/eLQ2atfqk2c?t=24m2s - the lectures themselves are very interesting - after watching them two years ago I realized for the first time how holograms actually work. Here is the quote by searle from Minds, Brains, and Science (1984, p. 35): "in one sense, of course, we are all machines. We can construe the stuff inside our heads as a meat machine. And of course, we can all think. So, in one sense of 'machine', namely that sense in which a machine is just a physical system which is capable of performing certain kinds of operations, in that sense, we are all machines, and we can think. So, trivially, there are machines that can think." The transcendental ego is introduced by Kant & adopted by Husserl, it lies 'above' or 'behind' consciousness. But I take it that this is not what the question is about; that it's about whether Mr Jones experiences the colour red as red, but Mrs Jones experiences it as blue; that is we concieve the mind as in Dennets phrase as a private Cartesian theatre. Hegel answers the problem of duality here by taking it all the way back to the origin: where being and non-being are different but also identical. Compare this to the contemporary notion of the universe arising by a quantum fluctuation; a mechanism for said spontaneous event. Kant identifies a noumenal world behind the phenomenal world; one could take this inexpressible and indescrible dimension where mental and physical phenomena are 'one'; though he quiet on how the noumenal world causes the phenomenal world. corollary: hearing voices as in forms of psychosis is a loosening or weakening of this mechanism; the mirroring dialectic without an external voice to condition it; the voice of the Mother, the voice of compassion; that is the voice of the world. Solitary confinement, as a form of punishment, is exactly this. By the same token, if someone's grain is ruined on the threshing floor, this does not mean that the rain fell for the purpose of ruining the grain: it is just a coincidence. So what is wrong with the idea that the parts of natural things are like this as well? But in the intuitive mind the principles are found in common use; and are before the eyes of everybody. One only has to look, and no effort is neccessary; it is only a question of good eyesight. But it must be good, for the principles are so subtle and so numerous that it is almost impossible that some should escape notice.