• He is now seated at the right hand of the Father in heaven. (Heb. 10:12.) Yes, there are many unbiblical and dangerous teachings in the charismatic movement, but our attitude toward charismatics and our conversations with them must be full of love, patience, and biblical truth. Emotional overreaction and biblically weak argumentation will only hinder our efforts to help them see the truth. On the other hand, calm but serious discussion of biblical teaching regarding the Holy Spirit and spiritual gifts can bring them to an understanding of the truth. 

Father God, I believe Jesus Christ is Your Son, the Savior of the world. I believe He died on the cross for me, and He bore all of my sins. He went to hell and triumphed over death and the grave. I believe Jesus was resurrected from the dead and is now seated at Your right hand. I need You, Jesus. Forgive my sins, save me, come to live inside of me. I want to be born again. As an Evangelical (with Wesleyan soteriology - a particular form of Arminianism), my perspective is that we actually 'become' sheep at the point of Regeneration. Though our election to 'sheephood' was done in God's foreknowledge before the foundation of the world and the basis for our entrance to that state was purchased by Christ Jesus at the cross, the scriptures teach us that before we are born again, our nature is no different to that of 'the goats': 

Salvation of Infants However, both Williams and Grudem specifically refer to the case of infants as a potential exception to this rule. First, Williams writes: Boso appeals to Galatians 5:6 ("faith which operates through love") and Ezekiel 18:27 ("if the wicked man turns from his wickedness and does what is right"), that faith is the means of obliterating wicked acts, but Anselm reminds him of the assumptions made so far in the argument: that, so far, Christ and the Christian faith do not exist. Q. 18 Wherein consists the sinfulness of that estate whereinto man fell? A. The sinfulness of that estate whereinto man fell consists in the guilt of Adam's first sin, the want of original righteousness, and the corruption of his whole nature, which is commonly called original sin; together with all actual transgressions which proceed from it. 

Summary The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe can indeed be seen as a microcosm of Lewis's thought on the atonement: in it, Lewis refuses "to be bound by any one depiction of the Atonement."9 His other writing makes it clear that he does not see any need to settle on a particular theory of the atonement, considering it to be something beyond human understanding. For Evangelicals, "receiving Jesus" can be considered to be functionally equivalent to one or more of the following: • Jesus is the Son of God, born of a virgin, born of flesh and blood. (Matt. 1:18; Matt. 1:23.) This is how the bible puts it in Romans 5:6-8 ESV: I agree that the sign gifts have ceased. But how should I deal with charismatics when I encounter them? Do I treat their error as no big deal and ignore it or as a significant issues and address it with them as brothers in Christ? Should I see their supposed gifts as coming from another god and treat them as unbelievers in need of the gospel? • On the third day, He arose again from the dead. (Luke 24:1-7; Acts 2:32.) Yes, there are many unbiblical and dangerous teachings in the charismatic movement, but our attitude toward charismatics and our conversations with them must be full of love, patience, and biblical truth. Emotional overreaction and biblically weak argumentation will only hinder our efforts to help them see the truth. On the other hand, calm but serious discussion of biblical teaching regarding the Holy Spirit and spiritual gifts can bring them to an understanding of the truth. 

Q2. How foundational is the epistle of Romans to a Christian understanding of the gospel? You may still be thinking, how does this 'show love'? perhaps the following will help - **also (OT) atonement more generally - why should we have "without the shedding of blood there is no remission of sins"? 

The death of the God-man outweighs all sins. Finally, the satisfaction is achieved by the death of the God-man. Anselm argues that the God-man's life is worth more than all sins, and that thus his death outweighs them all. (2.14) Against the challenge that the sin of killing the God-man cannot be outweighed, Anselm responds by citing 1 Corinthians 2:8 ("if they had known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory"), arguing that the killers' lack of knowledge rendered the sin less severe, and thus it too was outweighed by the God-man's death. (2.15) 

In other words, "Your whole structure (Yes) must be changed." Summary The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe can indeed be seen as a microcosm of Lewis's thought on the atonement: in it, Lewis refuses "to be bound by any one depiction of the Atonement."9 His other writing makes it clear that he does not see any need to settle on a particular theory of the atonement, considering it to be something beyond human understanding. 

Referring to the people who are "without excuse" from Romans 1, Williams writes: Williams, Theology Q and A, page 31 (See also Renewal Theology, 1: chapter 11, "The Effects of Sin.") Williams, Renewal Theology, I-272. Grudem, Systematic Theology, ch. 7, p122. Williams, Theology Q and A, page 32 Grudem, Systematic Theology, ch. 24, p500. 

Commentators call this understanding "feudal in origin" (xviii), and Anselm provides only indirect biblical basis. First, Boso, cites Colossians 2:14 ("bond of the decree") and John 8:34 ("slave of sin") as evidence that man is not a slave to the devil, but a slave to God's decree, and, by extension, to God himself (1.7). Later, in 1.19, Boso and Anselm interact over the implications of "forgive us our debts" in the Lord's Prayer (Matthew 6:12). In neither case does Anselm attempt to refute Boso, and in 1.20, he too adopts the word "bondslave" to describe man's relationship to God.