Just do not die near fire or lava that may destroy your items when you drop them. What I am looking for is if there is also some sort of rhyme or reason to just the overall shape/makeup of land on the surface level. Like is there some sort of ratio that this % of the surface must be covered in water vs land or the like. EDIT: To estimate where the portal will appear in the nether from the overworld coordinates, divide the over world coordinates by 8.. But remember that the portal is somewhat randomly placed from that location to be within 128(ish) units from it. I had two creepers, two zombies and a skeleton in the trench. They would catch on fire when trying to run into the wall with a lava block on it, but never die. They just sit there on fire until they move away from the block. I hope this clears up my question as again, I know its all random at the end of the day. I have a tower with a trench around it. Suspended in the walls by signs I have pockets of lava. The intent was to have mobs fall in the trench, try to get me in my basement and eventually touch the lava and catch on fire. This they do, but they do not die. You can find the wiki article here but a quick quote from it: I know the worlds are generated randomly by a seed the creation of a new world. I also know that there are rules to how everything is put together. Water only between these levels (as an ocean) ores of type X found in range Y, everything pretty much between 0 and 128. Booster Article on the Minecraft Wiki. This can be more accurately stated as "Revealing 771 blocks below elevation 18 has a 50% chance of finding at least one diamond ore." If you're mining efficiently, you can reveal, on average, 4 blocks per block mined. So in order to reveal 771 blocks, you have to mine around 193 blocks. Now, mining 193 blocks has a 50% chance to reveal at least one diamond ore. In addition to what sjohnston said, clouds always move west. I do not know the answer to your main question, but what I do have to offer is some insight on the difference between speed and momentum. Luckily, there is a rather large update coming October 31st. Here is Notch's blog describing what you can expect from it: http://notch.tumblr.com/post/1243370641 However, if you increase the momentum of a minecart too much, the game is prone to crash, so you have to be careful when doing this as well. Reaching maximum speed can be done with an extremely short booster, but the length of the booster will still affect how far you are able to go because a longer booster will result in more momentum. So maybe you'll get lucky and sustain yourself. But that's pretty unlikely. You're better off just using stone or iron pickaxes. A diamond pickaxe has a durability of 1563 blocks. Edit: Clearly this answer is completely outdated. Such things are currently not supported. The game is still in Alpha, which means there are still features to be built and that it is not to be taken as a reliable polished game. One thing I have had difficulty with, is that you can only actually destroy beds by "mining" the top half of it. If you are looking at the foot of the bed, you won't actually be able to do anything to it. Try collecting the head of the bed. I know the worlds are generated randomly by a seed the creation of a new world. I also know that there are rules to how everything is put together. Water only between these levels (as an ocean) ores of type X found in range Y, everything pretty much between 0 and 128. Music Disc 11 is currently not available through normal game play. Source They have a nice little set of diagrams on the wiki that help explain the layout a bit better but it pretty much means the bookshelves must rest at the same level or one block above where the enchantment block is placed. I have a tower with a trench around it. Suspended in the walls by signs I have pockets of lava. The intent was to have mobs fall in the trench, try to get me in my basement and eventually touch the lava and catch on fire. This they do, but they do not die. Is this supposed to be happening? Is this an SMP only bug? Looking for some guidance :) Just do not die near fire or lava that may destroy your items when you drop them. EDIT: To estimate where the portal will appear in the nether from the overworld coordinates, divide the over world coordinates by 8.. But remember that the portal is somewhat randomly placed from that location to be within 128(ish) units from it. However.. easy way to solve this is go back to as close to where your portal led you the first time, and die.. You will go back to the over world. The nether will be saved -including- the items you just dropped from dying. YOu should be able to hop into your portal again and while it -WILL- generate the portal in a new location (9 out of 10 times atleast), it will be close to where it was the first time, and you can go pick up your items again..