I read this statement from the Catholic resource. Q. 255 

I did some research but couldn't find any sources that investigate this issue. My question is when and who did it happen that the bishops had to carry out the "formal correction" in the history of the church? 

When John was arrested suddenly he doubts Jesus as Messiah. In Matthew 11:2-11 

Full knowledge does not mean that the person explicitly recognizes an act as mortal sin, but that he is or should be aware that the act is seriously wrong. Choosing to be ignorant about the moral character of an act in no way diminishes the person’s responsibility for the act. 

I thought I would share some relevant words from 'The Life and Revelations of Anne Catherine Emmerich': 

But I can't really see how that verse says we were not meant to stay in the paradise. 

My question is: Who does the Catholic Church address here to be condemned for not believing in the real presence of Christ in Eucharist? Is it meant for Catholics who reject the idea of Christ present in the Holy Eucharist or is it meant for Protestants and other churches that don't believe it? 

In this article Cardinal Raymond Burke has now indicated the cardinals are contemplating a “formal correction” should the pope fail to address their concerns. 

Man not only has a conscience to guide him, but a responsibility to properly inform that conscience. While “ignorance of Christ and His Gospel, bad example given by others, enslavement to one’s passions, assertion of a mistaken notion of autonomy of conscience, rejection of the Church’s authority and her teaching, lack of conversion and of charity” can lead to erroneous judgments of conscience, they do not necessarily constitute invincible ignorance (CCC, no. 1792). Invincible ignorance means that the person is not responsible for their lack of knowledge. It is only this type of ignorance that makes the person not responsible for his morally evil act. However, even in this case, the act “remains no less an evil, a privation, a disorder” ( CCC, no. 1793). 

In the early church the apostles often use the term 'let them be anathema'. 

http://www.vatican.va/archive/ENG1104/__P3W.HTM 

What is the danger? Instead of understanding and accepting the cross we get from a physical pain, we lean to tapping? 

This doesn't make sense. How should I understand it? 

Clearly John was a prophet and he dedicated his life to God. God revealed to him that Jesus was the Messiah. 

It is important for us to remember the Church's doctrine: they are saved who die in a state of grace. Who knows how many accept God in their final moments e.g. through an act of perfect contrition. 

If any man does not love the Lord Jesus Christ, let him be anathema. Our Lord has come. 1 Corinthians 16:22 

It is also obvious that the Roman Catholic Church continued to use this expression in regards to believing in the Eucharist and issued similar statements as the apostles used. 

If it never existed according to what the Church means by marriage does this make their previous "relationship" full of fornicating after the church declare the annulment? Does the annulment make their previous cohabitation full of fornications? 

I realize it comes from an Eastern religion which is not in line with Christianity, but my question is: what would be wrong with a simple tapping. How can evil spirits enter our life through the tapping on our body? 

While it is not an absolute requirement that Catholics be confirmed before they are married in the Church, confirmation before marriage is something the Church strongly urges. The Code of Canon Law states: 

I'd like to know the Catholic teaching or opinion on rosary similarities with eastern religion prayers like chanting mantra. 

Not exactly. It means it did not exist in the way the Church says that marriages exist. A declaration of nullity does not deny that a relationship existed. It simply states that the relationship that existed was not what the Church means by marriage. 

If it's all the people, does it mean there is no salvation outside the Catholic church once they recognized their truth? 

There is a similar question and the answer that coincides with this statement mentions Genesis 3:22 

Did the Catholic Church or any of the representatives issued any stance on Emotional Freedom Technique (EFT)? 

What is the Catholic interpretation of a married couple's need to be living sexually if they don't feel the need for it? Let's say both of them don't feel the need to live romantically. They got to the point they are ok to live together like brother and sister. They love each other and they don't need sex. It's not an act of sacrifice or any kind of mortification, basically, they lost a desire to have sex and both are ok with it. They are both still fruitful though.