There is therefore only a single categorical imperative, and it is this: act only according to that maxim through which you can at the same time will that it become a universal law. (4:420-21, bolds mine) 

This view must seem odd in modern understanding, but was the practice of the time. 

About the philosophy of nature and anthropology This problem, the human being as being corporal, bodily and having mind, is addressed in some philosophies of nature that tried to overcome the dualistic gap Kant has supposedly opened. Hegel was one of the first of them. The pragmatism of Williams and Dewey, as well as Hannah Arendt and the founders of Philosophic Anthropology, Scheler and Plessner: all tried to address the nature of human beings that is referring to here by Blackburn. 

I actually think this is the real reason for his needing of a type of the moral law in the second critique, because for the moral law itself, we have no scheme and therefore no (not even practical) knowledge. On the other hand, the moral law itself is arguably the one exception from the rule, as it seems to be some kind of intellectual intuition that cannot be further processed by our understanding and because of that evokes these feelings of reverence. 

Sidenote: The first edition (A edition) only had 1000 exemplars, therefore until 1838 (first "complete works" of Kant) every well-known philosopher referring to CPR, except Jacobi (I exclude Garve here, writing the best known review of the first edition of CPR of his time, resulting in GMM as an answer, but not having being attended to afterwards), only read the B edition of 1787 (Goethe, Fichte, Schelling, Hegel). That is quite an important fact considering that this was seven years after the death of Hegel and there have been major changes in key texts from A to B edition. We are in a quite comfortable situation today. (source: Prologue of the 25 Years of Philosophy by Eckart Förster) 

It should be emphasised that this is from hearsay (the letter begins with "Einer Sage nach", which can be translated as "according to accounts received")! 

Writing about something that we did not experience with every fibre of our body is like trying to cross the ocean without ever having seen something floating on the water. 

And to come to the conclusion that all (or at least some) geometrical bodies are heavy, we need mass, therefore this judgement is synthetic. Basically, as all bodies in experience are indeed mechanical bodies (i.e. there are no massless bodies in the world, just in thought), the general phrase holds although it is not a priori true. And it is tempting us to reduce body to mechanical body. 

In a letter to Herder two weeks earlier, he also says that "it is said that Kant works on" the Antikritik (see above link). 

The German word, that means what Kant actually wrote, is voraussetzen, e.g. in the preface of the Critique of Practical Reason, A13/14, Ak. 5:8 where he writes: 

That is why there is a quote in his Opus posthumum that states that the very concept of thing-in-itself is self-contradictory. 

Step 5 (Kant explained): Because we realise that we and all other rational beings are setting ends and have lawgiving will, we see that we all - by virtue of setting ends and being able to do so rationally - are ends in ourselves. He writes: 

Ad [5.] Here the argument is used to reject the thought that our biography would be enriched by imagining something in comparison to animals, who cannot imagine themselves in other states. That is exactly because all we can do by imagination is using the experiences we as a substantial self have made, remembering and rearranging them. If you have not experienced the terror of war or the grief of being left all by yourself, you cannot imagine it in any meaningful sense that "outruns your biography".