That's about it, the continuation being a discussion of the conflicts between CCP and KMT. But, hang on, the quote above isn't even really by Stilwell himself! It is part of the editor's introduction to Chapter 11 and is clearly set in a different font, to make sure nobody attributes it to Stilwell himself... 

Here's his conclusion in his own words: P.S. For a nuanced and comprehensive study of Churchill's attitudes to Empire, as they evolved over time, I recommend the book Churchill's Empire by Richard Toye. Another source which Ienaga mentions only in a footnote (right after the passage OP quoted) is a book by Jono Hiroshi Sansei dokuritsu senki - The War for Independence in Shansi - which he claims "substantiates the descriptions by Western writes of Communist military units). However, Ienaga says that Hiroshi "fought against Communist forces in Shanghai after 1945" so it's not clear how really relevant his testimony is. Anyway, I can't review it. 

If we acknowledge such a child to be as of our blood, the parents will be notified that the child will be sent to a school in Germany and that it will permanently remain in Germany. 

If Sen's analysis is correct, then - as far as I can tell - the British are guilty of a sin of omission rather than comission. (I have no wish to do apologetics but there is a difference). Regrettably, he does not pause to consider that this demolishes his argument about the leading role played by the Communists during the war. 

As to why handwatches were so rare in Russia - well, that was a special case of the exclusive focus of Soviet industry on military and dual-purpose hardware. This was a conscious decision, made by Stalin and laid into the cornerstone of the Five-Year Plans (especially the first one). 

The Stilwell Papers I looked up the The Stilwell Papers. It's basically a diary+letters (starting in December 1941) written by General Stilwell and edited by White. Since Ienaga did not give any page numbers in his reference to Stilwell, I had to consult the index. I found no entry about the 8th Route Army but there are 7 entries under "Communists", mostly casual and favourable mentions. The only one which seems to be relevant is on p.324: