Now, my daughter will even throw in extra bites of stuff she doesn't like when she knows we will be going to a party or something. At a wedding we recently attended, she approached me when it was time for cake and said, "Mom, I had 15 green beans, 5 bites of salad (obviously she is older now) a slice of roast beef and a roll. Will I still be balanced if I have some cake?" I laughed and said she could eat the slice of cake - I hadn't even intended on keeping track while at the wedding. I do also suggest offering suggestions about coping with two-year-olds to your niece. For example, if she is wanting to play with something like blocks and the two year old keeps knocking over her tower, I'd help her re-locate to a table top where the two-year-old will have a harder time reaching the blocks. When my daughter was four and we had younger children around, I taught her about "redirecting" where she could try to trade with a two year old (or younger) that had just taken a toy she wanted to play with. This prevented her from just snatching and is a negotiation technique that often works well with younger children. By showing her some of these kinds of techniques I taught her how to help herself at least some of the time, but never expected her to be able to employ them successfully and on her own with any sort of regularity. Once you've made a decision, trust yourself. You know your child and his limits. You also know your values and your vision for your child and family. Go for it and Good luck! In an effort to raise a child with exposure to anything other than just English like many US kids until high school, (which I think puts them at a HUGE disadvantage). I did a little research on the matter last year. The book I liked the most for readability and its seeming ability to support its own theses with corroborative evidence was "The Bi-lingual Edge." Circle Time: We had a loose expectation that at two, a child should be able to participate in circle time (sitting quietly ready to listen, raise hands etc.) for about five minutes, by four the expectations was closer to fifteen (at the beginning of the school year, closer to ten and twenty respectively in spring). Again, this will vary from school to school and no sane teacher will expect perfection (especially at first) but some sense of being able to sit and listen to a short story/ participate in a calendar talk and other such activities will be something he will do on a daily basis at least once per day right away. In many schools in my area, it is now recommended, though not required at public schools, that in addition to the above, children know all of the letters and numbers one through ten, are able to write their name when they enter kindergarten, and can recognize and name basic shapes and colors. For safety's sake the child should also know her/his address and phone number. "Oh I'm sorry I don't understand Whine. Could you say that in English (or on "German Days" German) please?" Be careful not to exaggerate to a child how much fun she or he will have in kindergarten. It would probably be best to say something like "You'll make new friends, get to do lots of interesting things. Admitting to your child there might be some tough moments when you will miss each-other or when he or she might feel strange in this new setting may prevent a child from coming unstrung when the inevitable difficult moments do occur. Activities that reduce stress can also help relax children so they are more likely to focus. Although these are not activities that help "fix" or "improve" attention spans or focus long term, sensory activities can be soothing and help them to get a breather from distractions to prepare them for a period when they will need to focus a little more. Sensory Activities also help with a number of other skills like stress management and muscular control. These are probably the closest activities to what you are looking for. For your son to be most comfortable and ready for the change, it is good for him to feel in control of the situation and not be surprised by it. Most kids that are outgoing don't need a lot of preparation for starting preschool other than just helping with an understanding of what to expect - and there are a lot of resources to help with that. Find out more about the nature of the kindergarten program at your school. Is it very formal? Is it organized primarily around formal instruction in basic skills or around more informal "learning centers?" Organizing children's learning around informal learning centers can accommodate a greater developmental range of children than a formal, structured arrangement in which basic skills are taught to the whole group of children in rows of desks. "Hey (name here), do you remember what you are supposed to be doing?" It may be an issue where he is asserting independence. He is pushing boundaries and buttons because he is about four and it is his job to do so. If he is feeling forced, he may have an issue with being told he absolutely must sit and color right now. At this age, a really great way to give him a sense of control and independence, without losing your ability to guide him where he needs to go is to offer choice. "Would you like to color Pooh Bear today, or make your own picture?" This way, he knows it is coloring time, but he still has a sense of control over how he uses that coloring time. He should also be allowed to decide when he done. Even four year olds deserve a little respect and control over their own activities to some degree.