On the topic of clothing, don't forget that the mother is going to new a brand-new wardrobe. She will need maternity clothes no matter what, and even more so if she continues to work during her pregnancy. Post-pregnancy, it can take a few months for the mother to go back to her normal clothes - so she'll need those "in-between" clothes too. Some mothers take longer to lose the weight, at which point she'll need a new wardrobe. It is not uncommon for women's feet to grow permanently post-pregnancy, so she may need new shoes. I also had the minor expense of getting my wedding ring resized because my hands are just...fatter now. 

We have national health insurance so that wasn't a concern, but my husband and I also get life insurance for the security of our kids - and they had to be relatively large amounts given the young age of our children. This is a monthly expense that will be a while before we rid of. Some people add disability or critical illness insurance, etc. on top of it - after all, you're not earning money or taking care of your kids when you're in a coma. 

Having kids has been a fairly expensive endeavor for my family. We have two kids - a 2 year old and an 8 month old. 

There are some one-time expenses as well, such as crib, crib mattress, linens, stroller, car seats, high chair, baby carrier*, rocking chair*, breast pump*, nursing pillow*, formula*, playpen*, swing*, bouncer*, etc. Of course there is also the diapers and the wipes, regardless of whether or not you are using cloth or disposable diapers. Not to forget the incredible amount of toys, books, and educational material that parents end up purchasing for their children ("but they need books!"). Lots of parent also invest in professional cameras or for professional photographers for their babies when they are younger. I didn't even get our wedding pictures in print, but we've got baby pictures all over the house. Even if you don't get them, there will be grandparents and great-grandparents asking for them. Also, do you like taking videos of your child? If you don't have a video camera, that'll be another expense. 

Lay her on her back and speak softly and cooingly to her to relax her. Gently bend her knees so they are together. Move her knees - holding her lower legs - in a clockwise circle. Make it so her knees gently press into her lower abdomen while you do this. The clockwise part is the REALLY important part and if rubbing baby's tummy isn't working, the leg circle thing often still does. 

For further information online, this article may be helpful to you as well. 

http://www.babycentre.co.uk/a115/caring-for-your-babys-genitals 

First, talk to your wife. Tell her how sleep deprived you are and ask if she is ready to adjust the night shift part of things - even if it is just slightly. You one night, her the next, or you the 2:00 feeding, she, the 4:00 . . . 

Wow!! I feel for you. Being a new parent is exhausting, nerve-wracking and a little confusing = it really does take a village. 

It is also important to wipe front to back, not back to front as the bacteria that further back can infect the ureter - when it is time for her to learn to wipe herself this will be important to teach her then too. 

Understand her sadness or apathy by asking her about it. I did not personally struggle with PPD, but I did get a bit of the baby blues. It can be common for moms (especially first-timers) to have a "plan" or very concrete idea about how they'd like childbirth to go. It is a pretty important rite of passage for women after-all. You probably have a lot of feelings about parenthood too. The whole point of marriage is so you can be a team. Let her tell you about it and listen to your concerns. You will both feel better. 

Finally, be mindful of those enrollment windows and don't miss them. If you or your wife are at all forgetful in any way, the peace of mind might be worth the incremental cost. I have a memory like a sieve -- getting it all in at once, even if the services were of no use at the time, would be better for me than forgetting to enroll them and have to pay out of pocket for services for a year (or possibly more, if anything other than routine visits were required and not covered). 

Your hospital should have access to a lactation counselor, or you can hunt down your local La Leche League chapter. If you're having any trouble at all, get in contact with them -- they can help. 

Basically, enroll them slightly before their services are needed. 

For all the talk about how "natural" breastfeeding is, nothing quite prepares you for the feeling of being a complete and total failure as a mother quite like having trouble with breastfeeding. It's not easy, you don't "naturally" know exactly how to hold the baby, and he doesn't "naturally" know how to latch on. If your baby latches on easily and doesn't have trouble feeding, feel lucky. My wife had problems with all 3 of our kids because they each needed different techniques for feeding.