Now, in more modern and industrialized conflicts, cannons appeared everywhere, and used better propellants (= more recoil) that black powder. So, small artillery pieces had not the range or power to be effective and would be very easy to destroy, bigger pieces would be difficult to transport and would tore away unprepared vehicles. For the apparition of an artillery piece that was both effective and light enough (and with not so much recoil), you would have to wait to: First, think of the difference of case use between the zamburak. The first was used by not industrialized nations, who were fighting enemies who could not field big numbers of "true" cannons. Against those undefended troops, the zamburak users could stay outside the range of the enemy weapons and harass them with their weapons. If they had to charge against an enemy with a good artillery support they would have been decimated before getting into firing range. Please note that even those were not comparable in effective range to regular artillery. Yes, it existed, but (as recoil was indeed an issue) it had to wait for some technologies to be developed. Moors were more advanced than Europe during the Dark Ages (a period that represented a low point in European civilization). Moors had knowledge of algebra, geometry, and other forms of mathematics several hundred years ahead of the Europeans. As such, they also had more advanced trade practices, as well as access to more trade goods such as silks and spices via the Middle East. She had created a monster, because Harald took an oath not to cut his hair until he won her. He went to war and conquered several other Norwegian kingdoms, making him the strongest king in Norway. Finally, the remaining Norwegian kings, including Gyda's own father, Erik, banded together against him for self-protection. Harald won the resulting battle of Hafrsfjord in which Erik was killed. He then sent for Gyda, who conceded that he had met the conditions, and married him. EUROPEAN archers tended to fire "in sync." But at one notable 1754 battle in what later became the United States, a mixed force of British and "American" soldiers under Britain's General Braddock was defeated by French (with muskets) and Indians (with bow and arrow) "firing at will" from ambush. The losing and dying general, Braddock, gave the "props" to a brave and capable "rookie" officer named George Washington, who had warned that synchonized fire wouldn't work in "America"--"and the rest is history." So, for regular artillery pieces to be effective you needed vehicles designed to be able to transport and fire them, and so self-propelled artillery came into existence. A few years later, it was thought that (since mounting the guns in vehicles resulted in a target very vulnerable to enemy artillery fire) it would be good to have some guns built with heavy armour around it so it could be used in the assault of enemy strong points, and so the assault gun was born.(Image from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sturmgesch%C3%BCtz_III) For the apparition of an artillery piece that was both effective and light enough (and with not so much recoil), you would have to wait to: Now, in more modern and industrialized conflicts, cannons appeared everywhere, and used better propellants (= more recoil) that black powder. So, small artillery pieces had not the range or power to be effective and would be very easy to destroy, bigger pieces would be difficult to transport and would tore away unprepared vehicles. The supply of money, M, was fixed by the number of coins in circulation, which in turn was limited by the amount of available precious metals. When one third of the population, P, died off suddenly, the former relation of M to P became M/(2/3 P), meaning there was 50% more money in circulation per person. If people had formerly been fully employed in producing goods, G, that would also change the relationship of M/G to M/(2/3 G), again, 50% more M per good. That's why goods and wages would rise about 50% in monetary terms. They probably rose less in "real" terms (after the resulting inflation). Basically, European "states" were all smaller than the Roman Empire, in reach and population for 1000 years or so after the fall of Rome. More to the point, they were mostly subdivided into feudal principalities for most of the period. Rome in 278 BC had better control of "half of Italy" than Paris over all of (or even half of) France in 1346 A.D. Merchants were basically independent of the feudal system, being neither landowners nor peasants. As such, they were regarded with suspicion by the local elites. Their main selling point was that they had good connections with foreigners who could help them procure scarce goods. Hence, they were likely to be "foreign" (rather than local) members of a given society; most locals would not want to take on such a "foreign" role, at least at home. On the other hand, the Golden Bull of Hungary in the 13th century perhaps gave too much freedom and power to the nobles. This protected the nobles against the king or queen, but allowed them to oppress the common people. By accident or otherwise, King John, whatever his other faults, managed to strike just the right balance, as discussed in the next paragraph. Brakeaten money was a form of seigneurage in the late Middle Ages. The term is German because it was practiced in most parts of Germany. What it means is that the sovereign, from time to time, issued new coins, forcing people to exchange their old metal coins for new ones, with the sovereign "taxing" this process by keeping say, one new coin out of four. What distinguished brakeaten money from other coins was a relatively simple design that made it possible to "recyle" them more frequently. She had created a monster, because Harald took an oath not to cut his hair until he won her. He went to war and conquered several other Norwegian kingdoms, making him the strongest king in Norway. Finally, the remaining Norwegian kings, including Gyda's own father, Erik, banded together against him for self-protection. Harald won the resulting battle of Hafrsfjord in which Erik was killed. He then sent for Gyda, who conceded that he had met the conditions, and married him.