That's why consumer protection rules, certification marks, labels, trading standards and the like have to be moved to the EU level and also why some countries which decided to stay out of the EU like Norway or Iceland ultimately have to implement pretty much all the rules, one by one. You can't pick and choose or get rid of the apparent silliness and keep the single market alive. Consequently, that means a UK-based employer has a broader pool of potential employees to recruit from and a company can choose any location in the EU and get the same benefit. In theory, it means that the each company can attract the employees it needs at the right price, thus making the whole economy more productive. In any case, being part of the Schengen area is not a requirement to be part of either the EFTA or EEA. Several cues to that can be found on the EFTA's website. For example the page about the EEA agreement: I have not been able to find more details on those specific cases but some info on the asylum process may perhaps begin to shed some light on the issue: I could not find a reference for that in a quick search this morning but as I recall, Switzerland was very keen on getting into the Schengen area (in particular to make it easier for tourists touring Europe to include Switzerland in their itinerary), it's not something that was forced on them as a condition to get the rest. One argument missing from previous answers is the simplicity of the system. How individual votes contribute to the final result is transparent and you only need one round of voting (as opposed to the French system which is still simple and strongly majority-oriented while giving smaller parties a bit more space but requires two rounds of voting – with one or two weeks in-between – for each election). Many alternative systems require complex calculations (e.g. the Irish STV) or lend themselves to strange paradoxes (in Germany, there have been elections in which supporters of a given party in a specific district could have ensured an extra seat for their party of choice by not voting at all). Of course, adding a bit of “friction” would not create any insurmountable problem for your employer but it could still contribute to making the UK slightly less attractive as a place of business and therefore impact you too. Note that there is a common counter-argument to the simplicity argument, namely that it does not matter whether voters understand how the seats are assigned, as long as the parliament ultimately reflects their preferences. And even if the UK leaves the EU, all the rules would first remain in place as they have become part of the law. But once they are decoupled from the treaties, all it takes to change them is an act of Parliament. In this respect, the EU is a kind of ‘commitment device‘: as a worker, you know that whatever government comes next, it won't be able to renege on these basic guarantees so easily. Once the UK is out, these rights would not be abolished but could be slowly eroded (say by introducing stricter eligibility conditions, new exceptions, etc.).