No, absolutely not. It would be a major UX throwback. 

Speaking as a moderator: oh please no! 

Still, I don't like concept 2, because it hides the information. I can't passively notice that the number is going up the way I can do if the number is displayed: it would often come to a pixel-sized distinction. The current system rewards upvoted posts on migrated questions more than non-migrated questions, because they get the votes from the original site on the original site, the votes from the original site on the target site, and the votes from the target site on the target site. 

I see two major problems with migration today: that the target site doesn't get to decide, and that votes are migrated with the posts. Your proposal doesn't solve either problem. If you're so set against migration, remove the feature altogether. An obsolete comment is a completely different problem from a comment that is too chatty. As a moderator who feels that I'm spending too much time on comment flags, I really, really dislike that you're proposing that I spend even more time by puzzling out reason for the flag instead of having it in the flag text. Please do not make moderator's life harder. Moderators reviewing comment flags need to determine what action to take. This involves two steps: 

Arguably “rude or offensive” should be merged with “not constructive”, but there are comments that don't reach the threshold of violating the “be nice” rule, but are nonetheless “not constructive” because they're provocative or otherwise driving towards conflict, typically a sign of escalation in a comment thread. Moderators do need to be aware of such cases, ideally before they reach the “rude or offensive” threshold, so the flagging dialog should make it clear that flagging such situations is encouraged. (Note: this paragraph is written with my understanding of “not constructive” in mind. The phrase “not constructive” is so vague and non-consensual that it loses a lot of efficacy, which is one reason why it might be a good idea to remove this middle ground. It's useful, but only if people agree what it means, which is not always the case.) 

I don't know when this changed, but now every comment is its separate entry. 

At least the suggested edit indicator should be immediately visible, at least on sites other than SO. 

On the flip side, I don't see a major harm caused by this change: old posts that should have been migrated can just be left to die on the source side, as they would be if there was no SE site where they're on-topic. Hopefully the deletion will wait until after someone's reposted the question on the site where it's on-topic and all worthwhile answers have been reproduced as well. Preservationists are going to complain, but as long as you field these complaints, it's your problem. What I'm more concerned about is that it's yet another rule that moderators will have to explain to users when they flag for a migration of old questions. Concept 2 Concept 2 avoids several of the pitfalls of concept 1. It's nice visually speaking, except that I'd use a different color so that it doesn't look related to the inbox. Use yellow, or the current beige. It doesn't make me think, even less than the number because it's so clearly related to reviews. Migrating votes with posts is in itself a problem, not a symptom. It's also only loosely correllated with the age of the question, in that older posts have had more time to accrete votes. 

I disagree with your assessment of the situation. I think you have a 10000-foot vision of migration that's very different from practice. I don't think this proposal is actively harmful to a large extent, but it is completely useless. That sounds like a solution in search of a problem. Nowhere in your proposal do you mention what problem migration of old questions have (that migration of new questions doesn't have). I'm posting this here because I don't want to have to search for it again. This is currently possible by typing the following line in your browser's Javascript console (replace 12345 by the post ID). 

Furthermore, you want to introduce three colors for a symbol, two of which are identical to the color of an unrelated element; and making a color distinction for intensity clashes with the color distinction already made for type. That's bad. Please relax (not lift, but relax to a reasonable rate) the search rate limits, at least for moderators. We're trying to do our job here, and a handful of moderators per site aren't going to overload the servers. Furthermore, you're removing information. With the numbers, I might notice that the number increases on a page load — that means more reviews have come in so I ought to take a look. Without the numbers, chances are that I'm going to pretty consistently see the same symbol during the period of time when I'm online (but, if the symbol variation is to have any use, I'll see different symbols in different sessions or on different sites). 

Can the highlighting be tweaked to match the semantics? The page tag is all over the map. There are many questions where it means a web page, often a Facebook page. Sometimes it means scrolling through a long text. Sometimes it means virtual memory. Glancing at the questions, there seems to be some other relevant tag, most of the time (html, php, facebook, memory, …). The questions in this tag don't look markedly worse than average (just perhaps a tad badly tagged). All in all, page looks like a prime candidate for burnination.