The problems I would see would be that the disc rotors wouldn't line up on the 29er. Could I use spacers to make the hub fit on the 29er or would I need to use a 135mm hub and spread the chainstays on the cross bike? Would either of those options work? Would the velocity A23 rim be suitable for this wheelset build? Are there any factors besides tire compatibility, spoke hole count matching the hubs, and brake compatibility I need to be concerned about? I planned to use this rim, the velocity A23, since it seems to be recommended for cyclocross on velocity's website. It seems to meet all the specs superfically. I can use it with rim brakes, it's relatively light, and it's 23mm wide, which should be good for wider 29er tires while still being suitable for 32mm+ cyclocross tires. It comes with the appropriate amount of drillings for 32 spoke mountain bike hubs. It also doesn't seem that it would be too weak for disc brakes since velocity themselves offers them in a build as a road disc wheelset. I suggest you take tube as deciding factor off the table. The clearance is only 1/2 the difference so a change of about 2 cm. But 2 cm is enough to notice. Not just clearance you change geometry. But that may be a good thing for your supertanker. On a skate board you want a wide contact patch. On a skate board you absolutely don't want the wheel to tilt. The idea is to keep the width but reduce contact area. The reduced contact patch has lower rolling resistance. Within the virtual flat contact surface are circular surfaces that will shed debris (small rocks). They can also can go with softer material so you give back on rolling resistance but get softer ride and more grip. They are not taking over the skate board market but they have a niche and it may grow to dominate. It is more than just a fad with no real value. And some people will buy it because it looks cool. I planned to use this rim, the velocity A23, since it seems to be recommended for cyclocross on velocity's website. It seems to meet all the specs superfically. I can use it with rim brakes, it's relatively light, and it's 23mm wide, which should be good for wider 29er tires while still being suitable for 32mm+ cyclocross tires. It comes with the appropriate amount of drillings for 32 spoke mountain bike hubs. It also doesn't seem that it would be too weak for disc brakes since velocity themselves offers them in a build as a road disc wheelset. The problems I would see would be that the disc rotors wouldn't line up on the 29er. Could I use spacers to make the hub fit on the 29er or would I need to use a 135mm hub and spread the chainstays on the cross bike? Would either of those options work? You'll need to check and be sure you have the frame clearance as well, but if you can fit 29x2.4 tires, you should be good using a smaller tire like the wtb trailblazer which is 27.5x2.8 and should work well with a lot of frames. The clearance is only 1/2 the difference so a change of about 2 cm. But 2 cm is enough to notice. Not just clearance you change geometry. But that may be a good thing for your supertanker. On a skate board you want a wide contact patch. On a skate board you absolutely don't want the wheel to tilt. The idea is to keep the width but reduce contact area. The reduced contact patch has lower rolling resistance. Within the virtual flat contact surface are circular surfaces that will shed debris (small rocks). They can also can go with softer material so you give back on rolling resistance but get softer ride and more grip. They are not taking over the skate board market but they have a niche and it may grow to dominate. It is more than just a fad with no real value. And some people will buy it because it looks cool.