Selling weapons to an aggressive country you might be involved in an armed conflict with doesn't make sense. As to why we sell to the Saudis and India? Comey damaged the FBI's reputation and credibility Comey usurped the DOJ's prosecutorial discretion in stating that Hillary Clinton should not be prosecuted Comey held a press conference to announce the findings of the investigation, something the FBI generally does not do It's important to note that, prior to yesterday's announcement, Comey was almost universally reviled by Democrats because the political wisdom was that Comey cost Clinton the election (see also Rosenstein's point #2) As to what we got out of it? Public Relations Obama, knowing full well that the Senate would never ratify it as a treaty, never presented it as such. It was an easy way to get a political victory, at the cost of having actual, binding legislation. He assumed that Executive action alone (i.e. The EPA Clean Power Plan) would be able to get him there, and political pressure would keep it in place. Yes. At the very least it should be strongly implied. This article from the end of 2013, for instance, notes that McCain was among the 10 Republicans who voted for the transgender ENDA bill. It introduced a number of protections for the LGBT in the workplace. It admittedly says nothing about McCain's stance on LGBT in the military but at the very least one can infer that McCain was defending LGBT rights before Trump was attacking him. That's "solely on the basis of partisan political affiliation" as you point out, and that seems pretty hard to argue in the case of the NFL. So, were he to resign or die, the answer is no: he wouldn't be the one making the appointment (he could suggest a name, of course). The constitution and 17th amendment leave the specifics of dealing with Senate vacancies to the states. In the case of John McCain: Left-leaning and liberal are indeed the same thing in the US, or at least they are in day to day speech. As to why we sell to the Saudis and India? Comey damaged the FBI's reputation and credibility Comey usurped the DOJ's prosecutorial discretion in stating that Hillary Clinton should not be prosecuted Comey held a press conference to announce the findings of the investigation, something the FBI generally does not do It's important to note that, prior to yesterday's announcement, Comey was almost universally reviled by Democrats because the political wisdom was that Comey cost Clinton the election (see also Rosenstein's point #2) By tweeting out the emails ahead of the story, Trump Jr. literally gave to every other news outlet what the NYT had worked for over a year to compile and corroborate. It's what you would call a pyrrhic victory. It was coming out anyways, so Trump Jr got some measure of revenge. This summary of another journalist's tweets (who was also working on this story) pretty much says it all (read from the bottom up) Obamacare my have changed that some (it bumped payments for one year to try and increase acceptance rates). Still, Medicaid is not as widely accepted. This sentence describes the difference (emphasis mine) Selling weapons to an aggressive country you might be involved in an armed conflict with doesn't make sense. That means hospitals are effectively serving as “insurers of last resort” within the American healthcare sector by providing care to uninsured patients who cannot afford to pay their medical bills. “People are still going to the emergency room,” Garthwaite says, “and they are still receiving treatment—so the cost is still there. When governments do not provide health insurance, hospitals must effectively provide it instead.” Medicaid — and Medicaid expansion — are specifically set up for the poor, and Nevada has about 600,000 people utilizing it. Of the state’s 2.9 million residents, about 11% remain without any healthcare coverage. That is a sound argument. But it was just as sound in 2013 [when Trump decried action in Syria]. Trump’s real motivation seems to be the fact that babies were “choked out” and that he saw it on TV. And it is this apparent fact that should give everyone — supporters and critics alike — the most cause for concern. Sophisticated Americans understand Europe as a collection of nations and can place a few of the western ones on a map, but then tend to conflate EU with Europe. They also tend to understand the EU as an extremely messy and anti-democratic version of the US federal government. For examples, see for instance financial media with libertarian tendencies (e.g. Zero Hedge, Mish Shedlock's blog, CNBC, Bloomberg) and their comment sections. Last, he's technically exercising his first amendment rights. As POTUS, XKCD 1357 doesn't apply. The takeaway and answer to your question might best be summed up by the documentary's author: It lays bare the unfortunate inadequacy and corruption of Afghan troops, their low discipline, and their lack of support within the population in the countryside. Put another way some parts of Afghanistan never were under control to begin with; the Afghan troops that are fighting the Taliban are - if only at times - poorly trained, undisciplined, and corrupt; and the US is basically drained of any motivation to help. (See for instance 1:17:00 in the video for an arresting account of how the US' financial aid was being wasted.)