If none of that works, you probably have a sticky piston. If it's fixable, it's done by re-lubricating the piston seals with Shimano mineral oil. While you have the white paper out, make sure to check out your parallelism, and get the mounts faced if needed. Centering it by eye using a white paper as backdrop is a normal thing to have to do. Don't overtighten the caliper bolts; 8nm is all you need and will generally let you avoid squirm. They all have some play in the fit. The target outside dimensions for the most common bike hex wrench sizes (4, 5, and 6mm) are all around .1mm less than the bores they fit in, which match the nominal sizes with a tolerance of I think +/-0.05mm-ish. That shouldn't lead you to feel they're "very" loose, but they typically aren't exactly snug. Very loose suggests using imperial aka fractional/SAE wrenches, whereas virtually all Allen bolts on bikes are metric. The only exceptions I've encountered are certain 90s BMX stems. Many brakes just don't work very well with the squeeze-the-lever-and-tighten-the-bolts technique, despite whatever the manufacturer says. It's worth trying but also something that needs to be given up on quickly if it doesn't just work. It's a surprisingly tricky conversation. All the differences at play are so close to totally negligible, it can be easy to tally them up differently. It mostly just doesn't matter as long as it's some type of conventional bearing grease. That it's Chinese is here nor there. You should indeed start by just loosening the caliper mounting bolts and trying to do a simple adjustment of the brake. Try to center the gap either by eye or by squeezing the lever while tightening the bolts back down, which sometimes works great and other times not at all. Tighten the bolts to about 8nm, which is firm but not super tight. There aren't really any ways of simulating load in the stand. There are a few tricks useful for isolating noises in the headset and bottom bracket areas involving sideloading or selectively loading certain areas with the bike on the ground, but they don't simulate full riding loads so they're not a substitute for test riding. For shop use, I have come to view grease compatibility as being the most important differentiator, because it seems like getting it wrong there is the main way your choice of grease can actually have meaningful negative consequences. I'm a fan of White Lightning Crystal as general purpose grease because it's biodegradable, non-toxic and non-staining, but the problem is that aluminum based greases like it score badly on the compatibility chart, meaning arbitrarily squirting it into other people's greasy things you're adding grease to is probably a bad idea. Different chains, including modern ones, have all sorts of patterns or markings on the tips of the pins. On some there's some level of intentionality to it as a shift aid. There are no bike chains where all the links are screwed together. (There are some half-link styles where the pin screws in place, but that's a tangent.) From the look of the cranks/rings/guard the bike is a bike-boom era 10 or 12 speed (as in 2 front chainrings and either 5 or 6 rear cogs). If so, chains specific to such drivetrains, which are labelled 5/6 speed usually, are still made and available. You could order one, but many shops don't carry them, instead choosing to use more modern 8-speed chain for replacements on such bikes, which works perfectly.