(Late Edit) Another thing about breastfeeding: Don't worry or feel bad if mom can't produce enough milk to keep up with what baby demands. Just supplement with formula (or switch to it altogether if you have to), and don't let anyone make you feel bad about it. Addendum: If you have access to a Flexible Spending Account (FSA) at your workplace, enroll if you haven't already. You'll be going to the doctors quite a few times for the first few years for both well-baby and sick-baby vists, and if you have co-pays on visits and prescriptions, they can be quite a chunk of change. Your hospital should have access to a lactation counselor, or you can hunt down your local La Leche League chapter. If you're having any trouble at all, get in contact with them -- they can help. You're right: There's no reason for her to have dental/vision coverage now when there's no way for it to be used. Basically, enroll them slightly before their services are needed. As HedgeMage so wisely noted: What is "medically needed" and what is "needed to do X" may be 2 different things. Some schools or organizations that you'd like to enroll your child into may require tests or screenings beyond common guidelines. For all the talk about how "natural" breastfeeding is, nothing quite prepares you for the feeling of being a complete and total failure as a mother quite like having trouble with breastfeeding. It's not easy, you don't "naturally" know exactly how to hold the baby, and he doesn't "naturally" know how to latch on. If your baby latches on easily and doesn't have trouble feeding, feel lucky. My wife had problems with all 3 of our kids because they each needed different techniques for feeding. Not really useful you now, but important later on - remember to show your child that the Frida is a good thing. The feeling is not pleasent and your baby will not like it. Funny faces, sounds, sucking wife/husband's nose with it may make your baby less fearful. My daughter enjoyed me raising the frida and doing an elephant sound. We've also always showed her what we sucked from her nose, so that she knew what we were doing and why. And we told her to breathe through her nose immediately after, so that she noticed it's cleaner and easier to breathe. Another thing to remember is to keep your home humid - or at least the room where the baby sleeps. If you have very low humidity, the nose will get stuffed and the baby's breathind comfort will decrease. My daughter seems to have calmed down. She does not seem to have grown yet, but she does seem "smarter" and more agile. She rotates her head more quickly, follows our faces with her eyes more "fluently" (she used to do it, but in large "jumps"). She also spends more time just lying and looking around at the world. I guess she gathered enough experience points and was going through a level-up;) Today our two week old was (and still is) unusually agitated. She slept two hours less than her up-until-now average, requested breastfeeding for entire one hour more and was more cry-prone than ever. She has trouble going to sleep, won't sleep on her own, has to either fall asleep on a breast or be cuddled. And when she does sleep, she won't sleep for too long and will soon wake up crying, instead of usual calm looking around or fussing. And she rejects a dummy which she liked before. Finally, be mindful of those enrollment windows and don't miss them. If you or your wife are at all forgetful in any way, the peace of mind might be worth the incremental cost. I have a memory like a sieve -- getting it all in at once, even if the services were of no use at the time, would be better for me than forgetting to enroll them and have to pay out of pocket for services for a year (or possibly more, if anything other than routine visits were required and not covered). For all the talk about how "natural" breastfeeding is, nothing quite prepares you for the feeling of being a complete and total failure as a mother quite like having trouble with breastfeeding. It's not easy, you don't "naturally" know exactly how to hold the baby, and he doesn't "naturally" know how to latch on. If your baby latches on easily and doesn't have trouble feeding, feel lucky. My wife had problems with all 3 of our kids because they each needed different techniques for feeding.