Or you can just relabel everything FribbleMoose, and find out whether FribbleMoose or PathosDingbat or any other random word choice you please is applicable to your scenario. However, if it "happens to be" a straight line, that sure as heck makes the rest of our jobs easier! His theory does include some interesting threads to tug on. In CUH (his Computable Universe Hypothesis), he argues that the entire world is computable. Non-deciable things, such as the issue with band gaps being non-decidable are resolved by stating that only the description of things must be computable, not the actual time evolution of it. This implies that he considers reality and the description of reality to be one and the same. He also readily admits that this means that our universe can contain questions which cannot be answered within the universe. Whether this is acceptable in one's ontology or not is one's own business. However, it does give insight into how he would view things. If something in reality existed which was not fully made from a mathematical structure, he would be able to treat it as though it is something which can be described using mathematics but which is not decidable. You would be unable to come up with a logical process to disprove his claim, because his claim is that one cannot prove nor disprove his claim within this universe. Once you accept such a definition, such an axiom, it gets brought into a tremendously powerful system. Most of mathematics accepts some form of inductive proof, so the acceptance of an axiom is a very powerful thing. It means you accept any and all consequences that can arise from applying it an infinite number of times. There's a good reason they need to be intuitive. Proof systems that admit induction literally go, "1, 2, skip a few, 99, 100, skip a few more, infinity. See, I proved it!" (Edit: Jan felt this was not a valid use of "literally." For a more precise wording, see the Peano Axioms. A version of "literally" I can use properly is to say that the purpose of induction is to literally skip an infinite number of steps in your proof.) If your definitions are not extraordinarily in line with reality, an infinite series of skipped steps will contort your definition until it looks absurd. Consider Xeno's paradox, which proved you couldn't move anywhere through an infinite number of steps, and yet we move places all the time! Analytic a posteriori claims are generally considered something of a paradox. First, let's recall that an analytic proposition's truth is entirely a function of its meaning -- "all widows were once married" is a simple example; certain claims about mathematical objects also fit here ("a pentagon has five sides.") Already in his notes for Anti-Oedipus, Guattari senses that Peirce's diagram is somehow special, that it unleashes "deterritorialized polyvocity," that it must be understood as distinct from the image because the diagram is a site of production (AOP 72, 214, 243-255/97, 308, 346-349). He continues reflecting on the powerful, productive diagram in Revolution moleculaire [Molecular Revolution] and L'inconscient Machinique [The Machinic Unconscious], concluding that diagrams "are no longer, strictly speaking, semiotic entities." Their "purpose is not to denote or to image the morphemes of an already-constituted referent, but to produce them" (IM 223, 224). In other words, diagrams do not represent thought; rather, they generate thought. Diagrams abound in experimental science, he says, because it is "a sphere where signs have a direct effect on things," involving "both material technology and a complex manipulation of sign machines" (MR 166/RM 303). The diagrammatic consists precisely in this conjunction between deterritorialized signs and deterritorialized objects. The first sort of thing we know about the teapot is owing to the logical constraint of inaccessibility: we know we can't know it, that any instance of learning associated with it must be causally disconnected from us and anything we can conceivably learn. It's absolutely external to our configuration space; there isn't a straight pathway through the world to such a teapot. But what does this mean? An epistemologicaly random event is one which has only the appearance of randomness, given more precise knowledge of the events circumstances, one can determine why this event occurs as opposed to another. For example, a dice throw given Newtonian Mechanics is such an event. If one could precisely know how the dice is thrown and thus model its trajectory one can explain why a five occurs rather than a six. syād-avaktavyaḥ — in some ways, it is indescribable. Westerhoff, writes in his transaltion of the Nagarjunas Madhyamakarika (Verses on the Middle Way) that: Since Robinson didn't know the physical sciences - its worth pointing out that the Newtonian conception of space as homogenous, absolute and everywhere the same, sounds quite close to the adoption of a Parmenidian monism in this physical context; and the historical development of atoms (adopted by Newton for his corpuscular theory of light) by Democritus was forced by the challenge that Parmendian monism had on the conventional understanding of change in the world. From the abstract of Schellekens paper Life at the interface of Particle Physics & String Theory, an Invited contribution to Reviews of Modern Physics Given that Kant was answering Hume skeptism which was profoundly influenced by Sextus Empirucus texts on Pyrrhonism; and that there is evidence that Pyrrho visited India and debated with gymnosophists which, are most likely to have been Jain philosophers perhaps some of their terminology may be useful here: It was apparently because that this notion was so reminiscent of the creative act in Genesis 'Let there be light' that motivated Hoyle to modify the notion of the Steady State universe to take into account Hubbles evidence; but accumulating theoretical and observational evidence pushed mainstream opinion decisively towards the Big Bang. In the Islamic tradition, God is said to be closer than ones jugular vein; but he is hidden behind a veil; In Suhrawardis philosophy/ontology of light, like Ibn Arabi there is an order of revelation; and (I'm speculating here) that understanding and inspiration is part of that order, as Socrates explained or suggested in Ion. It appears that existence as it is for Aristotle a Kantian category. Though of course we have a very good theory of the full spectrum, such that we have infra-red cameras; all this in essence is doing is translating the infra-red phenomena laterally into the visible part of the spectrum. It doesn't tackle the fundamental question of other possible colour qualia. Or is there an argument that rules it out? Given Allegranzas excellent answer, this is solely a clarification on Virmaiors comment on confusing realism and solipsism in the following statement: Of course, given echo-location by actual instrumentation, this would be very different, we would see our environments; a visual representation would be put before our eyes. It depends on which kind of mathematical infinity; generally the two infinities to take into account here are the first two: the cardinality of all the natural numbers, and of all the real numbers.