What Mathew is recording was possibly his own testimony of this unique event or of those pious witnesses who confided in him during his ministry in the holy city. 

Another view on this verse is that, if Jesus had brothers from Mother Mary, then we find something awkward or amiss with this verse. Here all those who were closest to Jesus were there at the foot of the cross except his purportedly-existing brothers. This is something unimaginable by any count of imagination. If Jesus had brothers then they would have been definitely standing here. [I cannot imagine myself to be not there as a brother of Jesus(In case if I were one) especially when my mother and even distantly related women were standing there unafraid of Jews]. 

Fourthly, though he had the power to take away life by uttering a single word as in the case of this fig tree, he did not resort to this power to overcome his adversaries even unto his death on cross and that is the diffetence between Jesus and founders of other religions. That is the reason one cannot compare Jesus or his teachings with any other religious leader or their teachings for they are not at all compatible with each other no matter how much the followers of other religion try to placate it so. 

The same day they were supposed to have been paying the penalty for their disobedience; the penalty was death. But they didn't die the same day, because: 

 I have composed this answer from an answer on this site which was posted for some other question: 

But ever since Adam, every human born is sin-filled, so how could a sinless man happen? The only way was if God did it Himself. 

He went to Nazareth, where he had been brought up, and on the Sabbath day he went into the synagogue, as was His custom. And he stood up to read.... All spoke well of him and were amazed at the gracious words that came from His lips. ‘Isn't this Joseph's son?’ they asked. Jesus said to them, ‘Surely you will quote this proverb to me: “Physician, heal yourself! Do here in your hometown what we have heard that you did in Capernaum." I tell you the truth,’ he continued, ‘no prophet is accepted in his hometown’”. 

Catechism of Catholic Church teaches that this is how Israel understands its liberation from Egypt: Every time Passover is celebrated, the Exodus events are made present to the memory of believers so that they may conform their lives to them. This memorial is not merely the recollection of past events but the proclamation of the mighty works wrought by God for men. 

Likewise, the event of Lazarus rising from the dead is recorded only in John’s Gospel and in no other gospel. This event in Mathew in similar manner is recorded only in Mathew. Both are not ordinary events yet they are not appearing in all the Gospels. 

It is sometime better to reconcile to the fact that, we do not have mind of God to understand His ways and so accept some things as Mary did. If we were to know everything God does and how God carry out His business then He would not be any different from us. 

The quantity of yeast is minuscule compared to the whole dough, yet it makes full dough to rise with its unique effect. The size of a mustard seed is negligible compared to all other seeds yet it grows into a large plant. 

We can only speculate. Nevertheless we can certainly deduce following conclusions by having a closer look at these passages: 

Thirdly, in ancient eastern societies the younger siblings seldom gave advice to older. But we find these Jesus’ brethren giving him advice on couple of occasions like John 7:3-4 and in Mark 3:21-where they sought to restrain him. This also eliminates them being his brethren since, if they were not his brethren then why they were referred as Brethren of Jesus? 

Since Jesus was supposed to be the saviour for all humanity, there is every possibility that God would want to reveal His plan of saving humanity, to other non Jewish people around the world. Hence it is likely that God would make aware to other non-Jewish people also, for a need of a saviour for this world. So it is possible that such revelation did came to many other groups of people around the world, yet the same was most probably misinterpreted in the subset of their geographical as well as regional belief system. 

Early in the Old Testament God introduced the idea of one innocent being shedding its blood in place of the sinner’s. After the incident in the garden, he introduced the sacrificial system in the Tabernacle-Temple ceremonies. 

A substitute was already planned and therefore the penalty of sin was differed. When Adam died at the age of 930 years he was not paying the penalty of sin. Adam's probationary period of overcoming sin was over at nine hundred and thirty years; his lifespan ended. 

Even Mary had the same question in her mind when Angel said to her: 

As per Roman Catholics, Ministry of High Priest of Jesus is still continuing. 

God became a man, known as Jesus—whose name, Joshua in Hebrew, means “the LORD saves” (1)—and died for us in our place. Therefore, anyone who accepts the sacrifice of Jesus on his or her behalf is covered by his blood and is saved. 

From the beginning, God has declared the payment for sin is death, and so blood must be shed to cover sin: