... Only three of 35 areas where more than half of residents had a degree voted to leave the EU - South Bucks, West Devon, and Malvern Hills in the West Midlands. 

TL;DR: This question seems to consist of two unrelated parts, Manchester attack leaks and an attack on London Mayor's stance. 

Politico's graph-heavy flash fest had by-degree breakdown. 

This has absolutely nothing to do with Trump, and (while obviously there's no proof as we don't know who the leaker is) the pattern is lately that most national security leaks were from people/forces opposed to Trump. 

Furthermore, Definition of "conspiracy" is: 

As per this BBC report, while among MPs of Conservative party, 185 backed LEAVE vs 138 REMAIN (over 50%), Only 6 of 24 Cabinet members were on LEAVE side. 

This clearly is opposite one of the main tenets of National Socialism as practced in Nazi Germany, which was based on ideas of racial purity and NON-equality between races and nationalities. 

Second, in practice, France has no IRBMs anymore, and never had ICBMs, relying on SLBMs: 

Of those 3 countries, USA definitely requires an ICBM, and I suspect parts of Russia/USSR in the East as well. 

The mere fact that a specific class of people is in power, and has specific common interests, isn't secret. They also don't conspire in secret, they simply have same interests. 

As well as the paragraph directly addressing the question, American-side: 

This has nothing to do with desire to raise tensions with UK. It's raising tensions with left wing politician that does something which Trump - and the ideology which got him elected - strongly oppose (namely, their worldview includes an assertion that the western elite deliberately downplay the threat of radical Islamic terrorism). If you recall, Trump attacked Barack Obama over the same topic, who happens to NOT be a Mayor of London; so this is all about Trump's ideological views and has absolutely nothing to do with some imputed non-existing "intention" to raise the tension between US and UK. 

Corbyn doesn't want to do a run on the pound (to be more precise, this article does not say that he wants it. Whether he wants to or not is not something I know, as I don't know how to read minds yet). 

Just three of the top fifty areas with the highest share of people from DE class backgrounds voted to Remain. 

Of course, theory doesn't mean practice, either at the top (e.g. USSR declared equality on paper but treated many nationalities as second class) or at the bottom (e.g. plenty of base neo-Nazi support in pro-Putin party in Russia) 

This one is obvious. China has a difficult relationship with not one, but two three nuclear armed countries, two of which have far-away territories: USSR/Russia (with whom they had military conflict around Amur river); USA (with whom they had military conflict in Korea); and less-importantly, India. 

If so, I'm afraid you're not interpreting what the article said correctly. 

According to the political scientist Michael Barkun, conspiracy theories rely on the view that the universe is governed by design, and embody three principles: nothing happens by accident, nothing is as it seems, and everything is connected.1:3–4 Another common feature is that conspiracy theories evolve to incorporate whatever evidence exists against them, so that they become, as Barkun writes, a closed system that is unfalsifiable, and therefore "a matter of faith rather than proof" 

Telegraph had what was probably best (closest to "ordinary people" model) 

Jerico III entered service in 2011, after Pakistan went nuclear. Let's also not forget that - despite the irony that Jericho II predecessor was presumed to be a joint development with Shah Iran, Iran turned into a bitter existential enemy with a nuclear weapons program after 1979.