So your question was: Approximately what portion of the population in the North in 1860 wanted to end slavery because it was a brutal practice that violated the human rights and dignity of slaves? I have no clue. But 70% of the northern states voted for the abolitionist candidate in 1856. And All 16 along with California and Oregon voted for Abraham Lincoln the abolitionist candidate in 1860. 

Dec 7th, 1941 -- Japan declares war on the United States https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_declaration_of_war_on_the_United_States_and_the_British_Empire 

Secondly and most importantly, this kind of Zero sum game, thinking reflects the punitive thinking which saw Germany crippled economically after the first World War. Perhaps you could make a case the allies owed Germany for technology, equipment, and infrastructure lost during the war. (It would have to be a very good argument however because frankly their is more legal precedent even inside Germany for dissolving the country and selling all it's citizen into slavery). The Allies likely would have responded with the Billions and Billions in costs that they incurred in putting down Germany's aggression. After the allies were done, perhaps the relatives of the 60 million folks who died in WWII, might all sign up for a class action lawsuit and stripped down Germany financially so all they had left was tooth picks. Suffice it to say, even if many German achievements did in fact become the foundation of post war Allied efforts into these sciences; Germany still ended up way ahead financially of where they could have been if the Allies wanted to take their cases before some sort financial tribunal/court, and tally everything up. The reason the allied went dutch on their costs for WWII weren't entirely altruistic either. The crushing debt and economic costs Germany were saddled with after WWI, were thought by many to be a significant cause of the second world War and the rise of Nazi's. The allies who were very concerned with the spread of communism were very motivated to ensure all of Western Europe could see light at the end of the wartime recovery tunnel. Especially Germany who they wanted to be a future friend and ally. 

In 1968 of coarse President Johnson, a life long segregationist, passed the most sweeping civil rights bill in US history. The 1968 civl rights act 

Roosevelt believed war was inevitable. He recognized Hitler as a totalitarian bent on world dominance. The choice was simple to support the Democracies of Europe or stand alone when Hitler came for the United States. 

In 1922 Eisenhower would report to General Fox Connor's command in Panama and become his chief of staff. General Connors who graduated from and was an instructor at the Army's prestigious Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth; would spend the next two years preparing Eisenhower to crush that curriculum. 

December 8, 1941, the United States Congress declared war on Japan https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_declaration_of_war_on_Japan