Finally, being finite with limited (although incredible) mental capacity, we will never "understand science fully". That would mean omniscience, an attribute that is believed by Christians to be only applicable to God Himself. This is relatively straightforward. 14 And if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith is also vain. The Institute for Creation Research has an article discussing the ideal climate that exists in Jerusalem. This means that God, if He is omnipotent could: A miracle often denotes an event attributed to divine intervention. Alternatively, it may be an event attributed to a miracle worker, saint, or religious leader. A miracle is sometimes thought of as a perceptible interruption of the laws of nature. Others suggest that God may work with the laws of nature to perform what people perceive as miracles.[1] Theologians say that, with divine providence, God regularly works through created nature yet is free to work without, above, or against it as well.[2] All three of the bullet points you listed are possible explanations, and all could be true for different miracles. It is true that very dry conditions exist in southern Israel in the Negev and eastward of the Jordan River Valley. However, along the central and northern coast in northern Israel near the Sea of Galilee, and along the highlands on which Jerusalem sits, temperatures are much cooler and bountiful rainfall occurs. The average annual rainfall in northern Israel and along the highlands typically exceeds 15 inches. These portions of Israel produce plentiful crops of citrus, olives, figs, and grain. Far from being a desert, this part of Israel is highly productive. The attribute of God by which He fills the universe in all its parts and is present everywhere at once. Not a part, but the whole of God is present in every place. This is true of all three members of the Trinity. They are so closely related that where one is the others can be said to be, also. No, there are no other gods that are gods by nature. That there is only one God is well-established enough that I hope you'll forgive me for not citing Scripture. 20 Which sometime were disobedient, when once the longsuffering of God waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was a preparing, wherein few, that is, eight souls were saved by water. Mainstream Christianity teaches that God is eternal in that He has always existed and will always exist, and LDS theology teaches that he is eternal because he will always exist. I believe that the tree was planted there because without it, Adam and Eve wouldn't have had the choice to obey or disobey Him. and without choice, there can be no true obedience, or true love, only mindless followers with no will of their own. In the comment, the poster included a definition of Omnipotence taken from the Wikipeda article on Omnipotence. (Emphasis mine) The idea of a more lush historical Israel, describable as a land flowing with milk and honey, is not that far-fetched. Based on that, and in the tradition of not second-guessing God, I'm going to say that He put them in exactly the land He promised and intended. 19 If in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are of all men most miserable. I'm sure there are others, but this will do for a start, and again, remember that God didn't promise an easy life. He promised trials, suffering, and tribulation, and the one thing we can be sure of is that it serves a His perfect purpose, which isn't always apparent to us.