A prophet named Joseph, whose father is named Joseph, will (has) come as Moses to convince Israel of God's word. 

Of course, there's always that guy with his bomb shelter, 200 gallons of canned food, and private armory, but the LDS Church doesn't suggest that. 

For individuals, the Church emphasizes: 

First, we don't even know what a spirit is, really. Is is heavy? Is it strong? Is it colorful? Can two spirits give each other a high five? 

(2) The King James Version did something similar. It was partly out of a similar tradition of reverence, and partly because they could't really write Jhvh, and they didn't want to guess at a transliteration. So in the KJV, you will find יהוה rendered as LORD or GOD. 

And if our plates had been sufficiently large we should have written in Hebrew 

In reality, emergency preparedness is much less dramatic. For all the decades Mormons have stressed preparedness, there's still no apocalypse. 

which, considering no one knows where Kolob is, is about as specific :) 

The missionaries may have been trying to convey that non-LDS Christianity is not so much wrong, as it is incomplete. 

And they would have had no children; wherefore they would have remained in a state of innocence, having no joy, for they knew no misery; doing no good, for they knew no sin. 

The separation between the physical and spiritual "dimensions" is frequently called the "veil." 

And Doctrine and Convenants 93:29: 

In any case, there are many examples, so this list is not exhaustive: 

3 Nephi 12:34, also Matthew 5:34 

Messenger and Advocate, vol. 1 

Also, that there were two stones...and the possession and use of these stones were what constituted "seers" in ancient or former times; and that God had prepared them for the purpose of translating the book. 

Also, it's worth mentioning that the LDS Church has very little to say about the details of tithing (before or after taxes, personal business, etc), other than it is "10% of increase/income." No further statement or clarification has been made. 

The reality, however, is that he won't keep all the commandments, because he will choose not to. 

Brigham Young taught that the spirit world is on Earth: 

And his name shall be called after me; and it shall be after the name of his father... 

Know ye that ye are of the house of Israel. 

As for extending the priesthood to all worthy males in 1978, a couple points should be made: 

In addition, in the 1966 edition of Mormon Doctrine (p. 302, entry titled "King James Version of the Bible", electronic copy here), Bruce R. McConkie appears to take this stance: 

The interpretation and implementation of the Word of Wisdom has changed over time, which is why portions of it (like this reference to mild drinks) can be confusing to modern readers. I divide my answer into three portions. 

However, this disagreement was overcome, and the Word of Wisdom began to be enforced in its current form. 

*A previous version of this question had a title that did not match the question, I apologize for this. 

At the beginning of this shift, there was some disagreement between leaders of the church over what was or was not allowed by the Word of Wisdom. A paragraph from this article (in Dialogue: A Journal of Mormon Thought, page 78) helps illuminate the fact that some leaders thought beer was not forbidden under the Word of Wisdom: 

Early 1900s In the early 1900s, leaders of the church began to enforce the Word of Wisdom as a commandment. Joseph F. Smith describes this shift as follows, from the October 1913 General Conference (see page 14): 

Others, however, argue that a Bible was likely used in the process. A passage from B.H. Robert's New Witnesses for God, part 2, volume 3 (see this link for an electronic copy) most clearly takes this point of view. Pages 425–440 quote a letter with a very similar question addressed to Joseph F. Smith, sixth president of the LDS Church, and Smith's response, which begins with the following statement (p. 427): 

One directional eternity doesn't make sense, at least to Joesph Smith. Anything that is fundamentally eternal is eternal in any direction. 

Messenger and Advocate, vol. 1 

Oliver Cowdrey assisted Joseph as a scribe, and described the translation thusly: 

In addition to individual preparation, the LDS Church itself has orchards, farms, canneries, storehouses, and the largest cattle ranch in the US. It puts these to use in its welfare program, charities, and humanitarian aid services. 

Doctrine and Covenants 88:17-19 

Joseph Smith talked about the creation of spirits in the King Folliet discourse: 

LDS Church Donations-in-Kind Office 

Health Follow the Word of Wisdom. 

Place of the righteous, pre-judgement 

Know ye that ye are of the house of Israel. 

19 And when I desire to rejoice, my heart groaneth because of my sins; nevertheless, I know in whom I have trusted. 

P.S. If it seems strange that Mormons have astronomical references and unusual words like Kolob when referring to the location of heaven, it may be because you are used to having no specifics about its location. Think about it, (e.g. is heaven in the clouds?), and it might cause you to see the topic differently :) 

Comparison is even more tricky. 

I am dwelling on the immortality of the spirit of man. Is it logical to say that the intelligence of spirits is immortal, and yet that it has a beginning? The intelligence of spirits had no beginning, neither will it have an end. That is good logic. That which has a beginning may have an end. 

Though God himself is the same yesterday, today, and forever. (Hebrews 13:8, 1 Nephi 10:18), man and his circumstances do change. President Brigham Young was asked to speak on this topic.