Under what criteria is a minimum wage law superior to an incentive compatible earned income tax credit (EITC) system like the one in the United States? Gibson proposes that instead of using the state to prosecute insider trading, corporate bylaws should define what insider trading is and how it should be punished financially. If corporations defined and punished insider trading, then competition would lead to more effective ways of getting back money from fraudulent insiders especially compared to relying on a stagnant government bureaucracy. It's actually very hard to determine the effect of any policy on the economy for a simple reason: we don't know what would have happened if that action hadn't been taken (the counter factual). Because of this, economists and social scientists develop complex models to try to resolve these issues. To have a reasonable chance at discerning truth from all the noise, good data scientists look for a natural experiment or statistical instrument. They find something exogenous that triggers the policy to a random part of a larger group group. For example, we could assess the impact of immigration by looking at a program that randomly assigned various numbers of migrants to different cities. Unfortunately, keeping people ignorant is economic folly. We make more bad decisions, and markets take longer to adjust. They can also use accounting tricks to shift off their income onto less-wealthy people (e.g. give high-risk/high-return investments to their children; and keep low-income safer investments; or give high-paying jobs to their kids instead of themselves). NO, the rate has been cut before, in Jan 2015 (1.35% to 0.85%) The extra taxes imposed on the "super-rich" - meaning $1M income or more - using highest tax bracket under 1995 tax levels - would cover a whopping 2.84% (or $31.87B) of 2012 yearly Federal deficit (based on latest known reported IRS 2010 incomes). A large part of aid to Israel is basically to buy off Israel's being quiet (e.g. agreeing to peace with Egypt, not reacting when Iraq shot SCUDs at Israel during Kuwait War etc..., not attacking Iran to prevent nuclear weapon acquisition). Any disturbance to Middle East stability has a chance to raise world oil prices (see 1970s) so avoiding said disturbance and aiding stability is an enormous economic benefit to USA.