But this could be considered from another aspect. Actually according to the Fatwa of Ayatollah Khamenei as a Marja al taqlid of Shiite: 

(I recommend you to see the source for further and more complete info. concerning the issue.) 

According to the Fatwa(view) of Ayatollah Makarem Shirazi: 

To see the rest of the text (commentary), kindly refer to the reference below: 

I was wondering if it is permissible(Halal) for boys to watch the sport matches which their players are young girls. 

According to Islam, it is considered as haram practice to have such relations as you said 

In regard to their time, I should mention that it is not Wajib that you definitely do them in their specified time. But perhaps it could be better if you do them on their specified time (or even it could be better you do them as soon as you can). 

3: for each day, giving food to 60 poor people …. 

For instance, we can see the opinion of Grand Ayatollah Sistani (as a Shia Marja’ al-Taqlid) that mentioned the issue above that 

Totally, Henna is considered as a profitable matter. hence there mustn't be an obstacle in using it. For instance is has narrated from Muhammad Baqer Majlesi (as a Shia Scholar) that: 

The performance of them relatively is the same in the number of the Rek'ats and likewise in the circumstances. But you ought to change the intention (Niyyah) of them from Wajib to Qaza. 

As a general rule, we can say that some general places such as streets, parks and .. don't need to find their persons in charges and get their permission. since as it is obvious, they are public places, but the place which are private, hence we ought to get the permission of their authorities (the persons in charges) 

http://www.al-islam.org/jurisprudence-made-easy-ayatullah-ali-sistani/dialogue-ritual-purity-taharah 

Say to the believing men that they cast down their looks and guard their private parts; that is purer for them; surely Allah is Aware of what they do. (AL-NOOR,30) 

4: There is no barrier for their marriage 1 

Anyhow, on the whole, according to Shia: 

http://www.sistani.org/persian/book/50/118/ 

And filling the Nikkah-Nama is another point which is related to the rule not Sharia, otherwise this is not necessary or obligatory for you to fill it (according to the Sharia). 

In the name of Allah According to my researches, the attendance of the witnesses is not counted as a Wajib practice for the marriage. (At least it could be based on the view of Shia Maraja') 

According to Fiqh, it is not feasible to consider everything as money, haply nature circumstances of the money, (i.e.) feasibility of the usage of that as the instrument of value measurement could be considered as the indication of the nature of money. 

What is the precise definition of needy in accordance with Islam? Actually who can be called as a actual needy in Islam? (That we can give him/her the alms?) 

Touching of the word Allah in different matters apparently has the ruling of it on the papers. Then, touching this word would be haram without Wudhu. 

Initially, I ought to point out that (in accordance with the viewpoint of Grand Ayatollah Makarem Shirazi (as a Marja' al Taqlid of Shia Islam): 

Note: I’m looking for the viewpoint of Shi'a about it. 

And when you travel throughout the land, there is no blame upon you for shortening the prayer, [especially] if you fear that those who disbelieve may disrupt [or attack] you. Indeed, the disbelievers are ever to you a clear enemy. (101) 

1 - Khamenei, Sayyid Ali, Ajwebat al-Istefaat, question 525; Sistani, Sayyid ali, Minhaj al-Salehin, vol.2, Nikah (Marriage), issue No. 28; Bahjat, Muhammad Taqi, Resalah Tawzih al-Masail, issue No.1944; Makarem Shirazi, Naser, Ta’liqat Alaa al-Urwat al-Wuthqa, Nikah (Marriage), issue No, 26; Fazel Lankarani, Muhammad, Ta’liqat Alaa al-Urwat al-Wuthqa, Nikah (Marriage), issue No. 26. 

It won’t be a problem if you use them (read them), but I reckon the significant point is that you solely ought to pay attention there must not be any touch between the things which are Najis (unclean) and your body (if your body is wet). In fact, for instance if you intend to read one of those Najis books, you should care not to touch your hand with that. Of course, as I mentioned before, the point is that your hand ought not to be wet, since it would transmit the Nijasat from the book to your hands. 

In regard to the sentences (phrase) of talaq, the person (man) who intends to divorce, ought to utter the following sentence: 

To see more related questions/answers, and likewise asking your question: 

It is absolutely logical to use from women in the police forces to encounter with other women (for different actions). In fact the view of Shia is accurately the same as the view of Quran. For instance we can see a verse of the holy Quran which can help us,as the following verse: 

2: to set at liberty or to free a slave 

And when you are among them and lead them in prayer, let a group of them stand [in prayer] with you and let them carry their arms. And when they have prostrated, let them be [in position] behind you and have the other group come forward which has not [yet] prayed and let them pray with you, taking precaution and carrying their arms. Those who disbelieve wish that you would neglect your weapons and your baggage so they could come down upon you in one [single] attack. But there is no blame upon you, if you are troubled by rain or are ill, for putting down your arms, but take precaution. Indeed, Allah has prepared for the disbelievers a humiliating punishment. (102)