Disarm does not make your weapon disappear. Because it takes place so far from the rest of the games in the series (both temporally and geographically), there are few characters or locations that are relevant to any of the past games. You might also be interested in the 'Fence' perk in the Speech tree. [Before Dawnguard, nothing beat Daedric except for daggers, where the Blade of Woe and Mehrunes' Razor beat it out in base damage (1 point) and lethality (chance of instant kill) respectively. Conclusion: magical enchantments and poisons do not get multiplied. Nope! There's nothing preventing you from holding leadership positions in all 4 major guilds! (After you finish the respective questlines, that is) Important NPCs are invulnerable, like Oblivion. 204.53 - this is a sneak attack from my bow. I have the 3x sneak attack perk w/ bows. Our assumption is that magical enchantments do not get multiplied in. Indeed, subtracting the 15 fire damage, we get 97, which is about equal to 33 * 3 (the difference in 2 expected damage is probably because he's on fire; ideally, I'd have tested with frost or shock, but didn't have one of those on me) Unfortunately, Draugr usually live in the dark, and it can be very hard to find individual anythings in Skyrim, let alone in the dark crannies of its dungeons. If you're looking for a general history of Tamriel, the realm in which The Elder Scrolls takes place, the UESP has you covered there too. This isn't optimal for apples to apples comparisons (Daedric will always be higher damage), but it does show that once you get your smithing high enough, other weapon attributes, like speed, make for a higher effective DPS (Damage per Second) than simply adding more base damage. If you're on PC you can use the console to turn off Jarl Balgruuf's immortality, but on Xbox or PS3 you're out of luck. Note that killing essential NPCs can break your savegame, so do this at your own risk. If you still want to remove his essential status on PC, open the command console with ` (US keyboard) or § (some international keyboards) and enter the command: You can't normally. NPCs that are essential for the plot are immortal. This mod would be easy to fix given the tools and knowledge (in fact, I can fix it with just a few clicks in that TES5Edit window I screenshotted), or re-created properly from scratch (since it's only a few clicks in the Creation Kit), but teaching either is beyond the scope of a Q&A answer. It would also leave the modder without feedback and the others downloading it afflicted with a mod that is both ineffective and has dirty edits, so the better course of action is to comment and inform the modder of the error. They do have the tools to fix it, and can do it at the source so everyone can benefit from a functioning mod. In theory a UI mod could fix this by either replacing the input-handling code or simply disabling keyboard navigation entirely, but I don't know of any offhand. This is a problem that happens when what the keyboard navigation has selected is different than what your mouse is pointing at, and the interface apparently reads mouse clicks as Enter instead of targeted clicks. (I'm writing this from memory—I haven't played Skyrim in ages—so do correct me or downvote if I've got it wrong.) Tangentially, the attacks will begin as soon as you install Dawnguard, not after beginning Dawnguard-related quests. Some consider this a misfeature enough that there is a mod to disable attacks until you begin the Dawnguard quests. Even if you could somehow mod the interface to work like that, it wouldn't be playable. The game currently uses the mouse to control the vertical and horizontal angle of your view, which it uses for myriad purposes, chiefly to detect what your attacks are aimed at. If the mouse were co-opted to control movement by clicking where you want to go, you would be unable to attack anything while moving, leaving you easy pickings for enemies. To make such a control scheme work the game's control interface and enemy AI would have to be rewritten from the ground up. Disarm does not make your weapon disappear. This isn't optimal for apples to apples comparisons (Daedric will always be higher damage), but it does show that once you get your smithing high enough, other weapon attributes, like speed, make for a higher effective DPS (Damage per Second) than simply adding more base damage. But the NPCs are probably right too - you're suffering from something. The simplest way to fix all this is to cast a Cure Disease spell on yourself, chug a Cure Disease Potion, or the like. You might close off some smaller sidequests, but the folks necessary for the main story (for instance) have a tendency to be "incapacitated" from "killing" blows. You're going to need access to a Fence if you want to sell your bucket-gotten gains. The Thieves guild provides access to them (after completing the 2nd quest). No. Spells, Magical enchantments, and Poison damage are never multiplied by sneak / power attack multipliers. The level 46+ version of Chillrend (a blue Glass Sword) also narrowly edges out daedric, again, by one base damage.] Other than that, the games are completely distinct, character-wise. [Before Dawnguard, nothing beat Daedric except for daggers, where the Blade of Woe and Mehrunes' Razor beat it out in base damage (1 point) and lethality (chance of instant kill) respectively. Nexus Mod Manager-installed mods, with mod names screenshot (unchecked ones have not been used at the time of the loading of the game): http://i.imgur.com/2GzEA.png http://i.imgur.com/2oZsi.png http://i.imgur.com/Tbaoc.png Skyrim classifies creatures and NPCs into generic classes as enumerated on the pages below: No need to wait for another expensive Bethesda DLC. Free mods to the rescue: I've done this succesfully. The main questline was one of the first questlines that I finished (mainly to get the Dragon Shouts exclusive to it), and the Civil War questline (the Imperial Legion path) was one of the last questlines I finished (because I can't decide who to support, initially). I tried the commands posted by this user too and also got more bugs. Bugs I notice: NPCs won't respond properly to conversation (not reply to you when you choose a certain conversation path - leaving you stuck), merchants won't open the buy/sell window, horses can't be ridden, and other interaction issues. I'm wondering if 'Fortify <magic school>' alchemy effects or enchantments (make spells cost less to cast), also could affect the charge cost of using a staff of the same magic school.