The more potentially consequential side to rebuilding a wheel this way is that double-grooving the flanges increases the risk of flange failure and increases the amount of work you have to do to get the spokes bedded into the flanges. So barring situations where you're forced to use a different lacing pattern on the same hub, or where you're switching to a rim of different "handedness" than the old one (only really something you'll see if vintage parts are involved AFAIK), there is zero reason to not re-use the existing grooves. (Note that this is not to say that flange failure is at all likely from double-grooving a tangentially laced wheel, just that the odds of it happening go up.) If the wheel was built asymmetrically originally, it should usually be re-laced this way. I believe on this one you put a 5mm wrench in both endcaps and turn counterclockwise. You're trying to get the drive-side endcap off. If it's the non-drive one that breaks free first, there should be a larger size allen fitting in the end of the axle that will be exposed when you take it off. Stick the 6mm or 8mm or whatever it is in that and then you can get the other endcap off, and then the freehub should slide off. Careful not to lose any of the pawls or springs. An 11-speed FH-9000 Dura Ace, for comparison: It sounds like it is in all likelihood good to go. But, in terms of the less fortunate possible scenarios, there are two main types of bad things you could experience: You have a lot of spoke windup and the wheel goes way out of true very quickly. You will probably hear pinging when you ride it for the first time if this is the case, but it can be silent too. Side-loading the wheel off the bike a little can alleviate some windup, but not necessarily all of it. Test riding in a manner that heavily side-loads the wheel, like riding out of the saddle with the bike canted over, can have the same effect, and is a way to get additional windup worked out before you really start riding it. The difference is that off the bike, the common methods of sideloading contact the rim at two or more points, whereas on the bike the load is concentrated at one. Most new wheelbuilders will experience a greater or lesser degree of this problem before you master getting windup out with spoke wrench technique alone, which involves overshooting and backturning the wrench on each nipple and being sensitive to the feel of the spokes trying to twist. You have way too much tension on the rim, and at the first significant side load on the wheel, which could be turning or standing out of the saddle, the wheel fails in a column buckling mode. In other words, the rim was just barely able to handle the static load on it from spoke tension, and the addition of a little side load causes it to collapse, like an overloaded column. This can also happen when sideloading the wheel out of the bike. While not common per se, most mechanics and wheelbuilders experience or observe this sooner or later. This is more potentially dangerous if it happens on the bike because it does involve a sudden loss of structural integrity. Like the above, if you want to test for it before riding for wheel, then riding the bike in a manner that heavily but realistically sideloads the wheel in a safe, controlled, low-speed way is how to do it. Some companies (I'm thinking of White with their Venti front hub, but there are others) have wisely taken the pressure off to make compromises here by making the 20mm in their lineup a dedicated design, and the others convertible. That makes even more sense now that 20 is firmly DH/FR, where there are going to be other aspects of the design you want more usage-specific, but for a while it wouldn't have been as easy a choice because before 15 came out, 20 was seeing use on trail and even XC bikes. In the case of a touring bike and trying to go from 700 to 26" (559), you'll usually find that you won't have enough fork/chainstay/seatstay clearance for the width of tires that get you into the right ballpark. There are exceptions, particularly with forks and seatstays because they're less inherently constrained in this way, but chainstays will usually be a pretty major limiting factor in back.