The article cites no examples of these villas 'taken over for other purposes' and I haven't been able to find any. I think I've seen a picture of church which actually used part of a wall of a villa (i.e. not rebuilt from Roman ruins), but I just can't remember where (and I could be mistaken). In the compilation below, the top left coin is the one in the question. The other coins are all confirmed as Antoninus Pius (perhaps to hide the rather prominent chin?). The 20,000 estimate is based the work of Cynthia Finlayson who was involved in excavations in the area from 2008 to 2010. 

As noted in this post, the infrastructure and buildings which the Romans left behind gradually fell apart, mostly abandoned and used as sources of building materials for other constructions. However, this Britain Express article Roman villas in England says 

In summary, discounting the temporary theatre mentioned by Pliny, it would appear that (based on modern estimates) Ephesus may well shade all the others in terms of seating capacity. Note: I'm not interested in examples of stones from Roman buildings being taken from the original cite and reused elsewhere as there are numerous such places. 

Is there any evidence of glass vision aids? Or did they use something else? In particular, I’m thinking of 9th to 12th century monks poring over manuscripts and writing chronicles in dodgy candlelight (or is this just a movie cliche?). Although people probably had better eyesight in earlier times, I’m thinking that many of these monks – especially the ones past 40 – would have found magnification very useful, even essential. 

A single complete list? No, but there are enough 'partial' lists to keep you occupied for a very long time on many areas of history. Your options include: Be aware also that, while there are many great documentaries on TV and YouTube, there is also a lot of rubbish - everything from sensationalism and exaggeration (to garner more viewers) to outright fabrication. It can be hard to tell sometimes what's reliable and what isn't, but if you read widely you'll begin to gain the knowledge and insight which will enable you to judge for yourself. Archaeological finds, on the other hand, present a different set of problems. There have been some notable forgeries (the most famous perhaps being Piltdown man) and the significance of archaeological finds are often hard to gauge without supporting evidence or context. 

One thing that made identification difficult is that most Antoninus Pius coins show him with beard. This article on the villa at Rivenhall in Essex from Historic England says The Wikipedia article on the History of Glass cites several examples of glass objects pre-dating Roman times by at least a thousand years. On the other hand, I haven’t been able to find images of glass vision aids pre-dating the invention of eyeglasses (but there are plenty of images of bottles, beads e.t.c.). 

For archaelogical finds, these are usually recorded by dig. You can find information on how this done here. 

and it appears that the same happened in Spain and possibly France. 

In terms of capacity, there is some dispute, much of it due to variations in how much seating space is 'allowed' per person. If Pliny is to be believed, the largest theatre would appear to be the Theatre of Pompey, completed during Pompey's consulship in 55 BC, with a capacity of 40,000. However, modern estimates put the capacity at only 10,000 but there are no details on how this number was arrived at. 

Catalogues in archives. You can often find items that no one has looked at in decades (if at all, other than the person who did the cataloguing). After trawling through hundreds of coin images, I am reasonably sure that the emperor depicted in the coin in the question is Antoninus Pius (138 - 161 AD). 

Frank Sear, in 'Roman Theatres: An Architectural Study', disagrees with this estimate: 

Are there any examples of Roman villas in Britain which were taken over and used for another purpose (monastery or otherwise)?