TL;DR We could summarize the Church’s teaching as follows: God has perfect foreknowledge of who will be elect (which is the same thing as to say that he predestines them). However, although salvation is entirely His work, He works in a manner that does not interfere with man’s freedom (including man’s freedom to reject God) in any way. 

The base was almost certainly olive oil, since that was the most readily available vegetable oil in the Mediterranean area (at least in the ancient world). 

In Aquinas’ lingo, something is “necessary” when it cannot possibly be otherwise. For example, if a kettle of water is placed on the fire, it is necessary (assuming normal atmospheric pressure and so forth) that the water should eventually boil. The water has no say in the matter. (In Aquinas, there are various kinds of necessity: the kind that interests us at the moment is physical necessity, or the necessity of coercion.) 

The answer, in essence, is “no.” 

The Wikipedia article (which references various scholarly Bible commentaries) regarding anointing with oil in the Old Testament states tha for the anointing of priests, olive oil was used, mixed with myrrh, cinnamon, and an obscure herb not identified today called kaneh bosm. 

Perhaps an example from pastoral practice can help understand what is meant by the "law of gradualness." 

On the other hand, suppose that the government orders everyone to file his tax return on April 15. Whether everyone actually does so is up to the individual. Sure, there are bad consequences for not complying, but at the end of the day the IRS cannot force everyone to turn in his tax return on time. In other words, actually turning in your tax return is contingent: it is entirely possible (indeed likely) that someone will not comply. 

Note that only the Annointing of the Sick actually involves bodily contact—it entails an annointing of the hands and forehead—and it could be done with appropriate protection, such as gloves, if that were necessary. (See the Code of Canon Law 1000§2. Confession involves no bodily contact at all, and the Eucharist could be given to the patient with gloves, using an instrument, or in a receptacle that could be purified and sterlized afterwards. Any gloves or other clothing that come in contact with the sacred oil or the Eucharist would have to be disposed of reverently, most likely by burning.) 

Early Christians (who were also practicing Jews) celebrated the thanksgiving sacrifice in the Jewish temple on the first day they could, which was the day after the sabbath. 

More info from the Reverend Know-It-All (I heard the priest in charge of that site give this explanation on Relevant Radio a few months ago) 

The Sabbath will always be Friday night into Saturday. However, the celebration is not the Sabbath. Christians can worship God whenever and wherever they please in spirit and truth! 

   21 “Woman,” Jesus replied, “believe me, a time is coming when you will worship the Father neither on this mountain nor in Jerusalem. 22 You Samaritans worship what you do not know; we worship what we do know, for salvation is from the Jews. 23 Yet a time is coming and has now come when the true worshipers will worship the Father in the Spirit and in truth, for they are the kind of worshipers the Father seeks. 24 God is spirit, and his worshipers must worship in the Spirit and in truth.” 

In 1552 a general confession was added at the start of both Mattins and Evensong, with effect from All Saints Day (Tuesday, 1st November, 1552). 

This article describes the process in more detail. 

In the latter half of the twentieth century a dialogue between the Lutheran World Federation and representatives of the Eastern Orthodox churches resulted in a series of agreements. 

The magistrates at Viterbo locked the cardinals in the palace, reduced their diet to bread and water, and removed the roof. It was joked that the removal of the roof might allow the Holy Ghost to get through to them. 

It is clear that Hippolytus felt able to say that these "marriages" allowed by the Pope were adulterous, presumably as not legal, and also as a matter of consequence often led to abortions. In deeming Calixtus a pope, and a saint, and Hippolytus an antipope, the later church may be said to have supported Calixtus. 

Even as recently as 1978, conditions in the conclave were hardly conducive to a prolonged stay. Cubicles were erected in long corridors with ten cardinals assigned to each toilet. Cardinal Hume said the cots seemed to have come from a seminary for the very short. Cardinals awoke to hear other elderly cardinals shuffling seventy yards along the corridor only to groan on finding their assigned convenience occupied.