Ibn al-'Arabi in his tafsir gave 4 possible reasons for the revealing of the quoted first part of Verse (5:101) : (My own translation of the quote take it with care) - - - In Sahih al Bukhari narrated by 'Aisha and Anas ibn Malik Ibn 'Achour (or Benachour) in his tafsir at-tahrir wa tanwir added a narration of a saying of ibn 'Abbas at the funural of the mother of believers Maymunah from sahih Muslim to show this honor for them. And he also added that this verse isn't the one whom made them haram to marry afterwards but the parts of verse (33:53) who refers to this are: See also this fatwa which includes a comment from tafsir al-Qurtoby on the Verse 31:19. And this summary about Luqman and his advices. What type of questions where they asking? Note that shi'a also consider sayings or fatwas of their Imam's as sunnah AFAIK. So my answer covers the primarily the sunni view and might lack details on the shi'a view. I know Muslims should have at least basic knowledge of their religion (worshiping like prayer/fasting...), but is this the only reason? This is what I understand, and surely God knows best. The verse seems to talk about their situation in the after-life and part of their punishment. Short answer: It is the burden of difficult and hard to follow religious laws. If you read about the laws of Judaism (Halakha) it is way more difficult than the laws of Islam (Sharia). This is confirmed also by narrations from the Prophet. This group seem to be people who claim to be believers (and it seems they do think they are) but they are not really believers in heart. So they are religious people who are not real believers. Almost half of the sura is dedicated to discussing them, until the story of Ibrahim (PBUH). These people are common in religious societies. (This doesn't mean that the laws didn't become difficult and will not become difficult in future, e.g. when people really know what is expected from them but ask for fatwas seeking a way to circumvent them, the Prophet and after him the scholars might make the laws more stricter. Muslims are advised not ask the kind of questions that those preceding them asked from their prophets, see verse 2:108.) Muslims were not the first religious society. The people of the book preceded them. Quran uses the previous religious societies and their behavior as an example to discuss this group, so Muslims may learn and avoid those mistakes. The sura mostly focuses on the followers of Judaism. The final section of the sura should be understood with these in mind. There was a religious community before Muslims, i.e. the followers of Judaism. Now there is a new religion and the description of its laws constitute the main part of the second half of the sura. So the people who were before Muslims are the people of the book, mainly the followers of the Judaism (and this is also consistent with usage of term in other places).