Turn 4♥ Firth check Cove check If it goes check check on the turn and you missed then bluff the river like 1/3. Bet the river if you have a strong hand that you think can get called by a weaker hand. 

Lets say you just call from middle position to disguise / build pot and get 4 players in the pot. And the flop is QJ8 with a two flush. That board would hit so many hands that you are in trouble. Yes you can build a pot but not a pot you want to build. Let's say the board comes up dry then you are not likely to get more action unless they hit with 2 pair or better and again you are in trouble. Raise pre flop to isolate so you don't put yourself in this position. Yes if you hit a set of aces you can slow play and maybe take down a big pot but you are 8:1 to hit a set on the flop. You can do the same thing hitting a set holding eights (and it is easier to build a big pot). There are very few situations a set is beat by a bigger set. If you are in early position, you should limp with two "pretty good" cards that are not "top" cards for raising. These include two face cards (jack and higher) that aren't paired. You should raise with face card pairs, and also AK, suited or not. 

Small ball poker is a "theoretically" incorrect version of poker. It appears to be an "adaptation" of the principles of the game based on the fact that the vast majority of players play too "loosely." As such, it can be a good strategy "under the circumstances." The other aspect of the game is that you can afford to play this way only when the stakes are relatively low (for the level of the game) in a "small ball" environment. If they suddenly "escalate," you can no long play "loose," but ought to revert standard "tight game" strategy, and fold most hands. 

Then there was the example of an expert player (playing with other experts), who had thrown away EVERY HAND for two or three hours, and thereby earned a reputation as a "tight" player. He then picked up a J-4 (offsuit) and thought to himself, "I can now win with this hand by raising." He did, and his fellow experts all folded because they (wrongly) concluded:"This guy must have hit A-A since he doesn't seem to play with many hands." The strategy might not have worked if there were a beginner at the table who would call him down with say, 2-2, unless the expert paired one of his "overcards." 

What is the betting strategy for the flop? Out of position (OOP) Blind versus blind is not common. Lets say there is a flush draw on the flop and hero has two pair. Hero shoves for 3 pots. A reasonable flush draw will fold. A set will call and you will get stacked unless you hit a better boat. 

Betting enough to push your opponent off a flush draw when you are on the draw is purposefully giving yourself the wrong odds. Given you checked I think slow play is max value here. If the board pairs and they improve to trips you might get it all in. The risk on that board is the straight draw but that probably would have checked. If you have a table that is so weak you can limp suited connectors, not get raised pre, and still get action when you hit. 

What does it take to price someone out of a flush draw on the turn? 4 on the board and 2 in the opponents hand. 52 - 4 - 2 = 46 cards out 9 cards left to make a flush So the odd to make the flush is 9 : 37 = 1 : 4.11 What is interesting here is you know there are no flush in your hand so the actual odds are 9 : 35 = 1 : 3.89 What bet gives your opponent exactly 0 reason to call -bet + 9/37(bet + pot) = 0 9/37 pot = (1 - 9 /37) bet 9/37 pot = 28/37 bet bet / pot = 9 / 28 = 32% You have to bet right at 1/3 of the pot for call to be a wash Your opponent should call anything up to 1/3 pot bet by you Your bet is in the pot (4/3) / (1/3) = 4 : 1 

If only one or two "early position" players are in, you need early position cards (described in the first paragraph) to compete. If "a lot" (four or five) people have called, you can limp with "promising" hands such as small pairs and "suited connectors," 5-4 or higher. If everyone else has folded, and you have a "top one quarter" hand, you should raise to force out one or both blinds, not limp. 

Cards are more important if most hands go to a "showdown." That is a situation where the "best hand wins." The kind of poker this represents is sometimes called "no fold 'em" poker. Poor players (that call too much) often play this way. But the reverse is not true; good players may play this way if conditions are right. The other aspect of the game is that you can afford to play this way only when the stakes are relatively low (for the level of the game) in a "small ball" environment. If they suddenly "escalate," you can no long play "loose," but ought to revert standard "tight game" strategy, and fold most hands.