EDIT. But the most important consideration is what your potential enemy does. After WWII, the US concluded that aircraft carriers and submarines were the desirable ships, and kept some old battleships, just for the case. Soviet Union never built a battleship, but they had some foreign-built. They were working on how to destroy the US carriers and submarines, and decided that building battleships is not a solution. And so on. Only police (which was not related to the Army) was manned locally. The whole story of Peloponnese War is known to us from the excellent accounts which was written mainly by Athenian authors, the loosing party. And only because Spartans and their allies did not cultivate historical literature. My impression is that the siege of Sevastopol (1854) is more remembered by the side that lost (Russians). Some of the great Russian literature is written about it, and it is very much reflected in Russian art. Museum commemorating this siege is the main sightseeing in Sevastopol. It is true this siege is remembered by the British and French as well (one of the main streets in Paris is called Boulevard Sevastopol; and there is a beautiful poem and several British movies on The Charge of the Light Brigade) but to a much lesser extent. Because lances were unwieldy but required significant training to be proficient in. Their usefulness was progressively declining against the increasingly attractive (and cost-effective) firearms. Thing is, a castle typically relied on a larger territory than its garrison could defend in the first place. Enlarging the fortifications to cover those farms would also increase the number of defenders needed. Now, you are correct that the enclosed area could increase faster than the length of the enclosing walls. So theoretically, you could enlarge your castle until the balance tips in your favour. The Presidency armies were the muscle of the East India Company, which managed to achieved dominance over the subcontinent. Given that achievement, clearly they were comparable to the best forces of their contemporary Indian states. - Elleman, Bruce A. Modern Chinese Warfare, 1795-1989. Routledge, 2005. You are referring to the Schwarze Reiters (i.e. black riders), named after the dark armour they wore. This was a type of cavalry that appeared in Germany after the decline of the medieval lancers, but later became a generic name (usually shortened to just reiters) for German cavalry mercenaries. [3]: Communist forces famously took part in the Battle of Pingxin Pass, part of the Taiyuang Campaign. Their role was however negligible. The main action were by the Nationalists, who massed approximately 150,000 troops from seven corps in a bid to halt the Japanese advance into Shanxi. Two Communist divisions were present, but neither took part in the main fighting. Their claim to fame occurred on 24 September 1924, when the 115th Division ambushed an "elite" Japanese transport and supply unit and inflicted about 1000 (Communist claim) to 200 (Japanese records) casualties, while suffering around 500 killed and wounded themselves. This has since been mythologised as the "Great Victory of Pingxin Pass". Despite these drawbacks, lances did not vanish "completely" during this period. When the Spanish Armada set sail for England in 1588, Queen Elizabeth ordered an army to be assembled from the county militias and feudal levies. Lances featured prominently in the cavalry component of this force, with 2711 demi-lancers (31%) and 4388 light horse (50%) using the weapon in some capacity. Brookshaw, Pvt. Benjamin A - At Krugersdorp, with Dickinson's column August 1901. Oman partially recognized his error by 1912. In a footnote to his Wellington's Army he wrote: Bleach, Pvt. Frank - died at the Hospital, Bloemfontein, of enteric fever, on 14th March 1901. Also if it ensues that the enemy does not march on Geisenfeld by my right, I can hold against 15,000 men if they attack me by my front or my left. I will maintain a precise co-ordination with M. the Marshal Duke of Auerstadt to inform him of everything which passes by this location. Byrnes is noted often for the copiousness and precision of his conference notes, but any notes he may have made on the Atomic Bomb decisions in July and August 1945 seem either not to exist anymore, or to still be classified. As such, we are left with only the published personal recollections of those present during those meetings, always remembering the perils of taking too literally the memories of those who are "remembering with advantages". Update #4: The double whammy of losing the French Navy as an ally in the Mediterranean, and of the German U-boats being able to base in the Bay of Biscay and Brittany area, was completely unexpected. No pre-war planning in the Admiralty could have been expected to foresee such a rapid fall of France. Persian literature of that time did not survive to our days, but one can be reasonably sure that Persians did not consider this battle as something very important. Moreover, one can conjecture that the battle is so famous mainly because of its description by Herodotus, and because the writings of Herodotus survived. Only police (which was not related to the Army) was manned locally. In the modern (20 century) wars encirclement is always a disadvantage because modern armies need enormous amount of supplies to continue fighting. For this reason an encircled army cannot hold for long time. His adversaries did not have this degree of cohesion, and had no social mechanism for appointing the most talented officers on key positions. In most societies of that time, commanders were appointed according to their birth, or noble origin, or court intrigues. In the Mongol army, promotion was clearly based on the merit. Subudai and Jebe were of very modest background. My impression is that the siege of Sevastopol (1854) is more remembered by the side that lost (Russians). Some of the great Russian literature is written about it, and it is very much reflected in Russian art. Museum commemorating this siege is the main sightseeing in Sevastopol. It is true this siege is remembered by the British and French as well (one of the main streets in Paris is called Boulevard Sevastopol; and there is a beautiful poem and several British movies on The Charge of the Light Brigade) but to a much lesser extent. Another thing I want to mention is the ability and desire of Mongols to learn. Their superior military intelligence is frequently mentioned. The Russian chronicle, for example says "Came some Tartars, who they are, and where did they come from, nobody knows". The attitude of Western Europeans was not much different.