See The Victorian Internet: The Remarkable Story of the Telegraph and the Nineteenth Century's On-Line Pioneers. Note that this does not mean that the justification has to be fake. If your group (tribe, city, state, nation, empire) is starving, waging a war for resources is likely to sound reasonable to your people. Paraphrasing @SPavel, "your people are unlikely to risk their lives just because you are bored, or greedy, or horny". Those who are "born into fame" (e.g., royalty) face a different issue: an identical twin of a first born prince would be a threat to the peaceful succession (cf. the legend that The Man in the Iron Mask was Louis XIV's identical twin) and could even be murdered at birth. This means that whenever a parliament is formed, its members will start aligning into political parties to increase their personal power. Presley case sheds some light on why this is rare: twins (and, in general, multiple fetuses) compete for mother's resources in the womb and, on average, have lower birth weight. After birth they face more competition for parental support. Thus, ceteris paribus, they are less likely to grow up strong or develop their talents as much as single births. I think it has always been done, e.g., 3,000 years ago Greeks justified a war by a kidnapping allegation. Political parties inevitably appear for one simple mathematical reason: Shapley value is superadditive. IOW, the power of a coalition is more than the sum of powers of its members. In addition to the other two excellent answers, this was the first "telegraph war": the governments in London and Paris could communicate with the field commander in (almost) real time and the newspapers received communications in real time too. As @BigDataLouis mentions in an answer he has deleted, Elvis Presley had an identical twin brother, delivered stillborn. You can find many more in the List of twins and Twins in mythology. Prohibition ended just before scientific polling took off in the U.S., so we don't have high-quality polls from the 1920s. What we do have are polls of magazine readers.* Ticket balance explains a lot, but factionalism also would have been a factor. Greeley/Brown were originally nominated by the Liberal Republicans. The Democrats only reluctantly supported Greeley in order to avoid splitting the anti-Grant vote and going down to an even more certain defeat. The uneasy Liberal Republican-Democratic fusion dissolved upon Greeley's death, freeing the un-pledged electors to shift their support wherever they wanted. Likely, it was the Democratic electors who voted for Hendricks over Brown. Hendricks had been a Democrat throughout his political career (never joining the Liberal Republicans), whereas Brown had helped found the Republican Party in Missouri. Solid Democrats in the electoral college would have preferred supporting the solid-D Hendricks over the uncertain Brown as a simple matter of party loyalty. Source: Gordon Wood, Empire of Liberty: A History of the Early Republic The results from the Literary Digest Prohibition Polls are at this link. To summarize them: The Republican Party remained more responsive than Democrats to issues of civil rights throughout the Great Depression. The Republicans were not forced to choose between their reputation as the "Party of Lincoln" and the "Party of Business" until the 1940s, due to the establishment of agencies like the Fair Employment Practices Committee in 1941. Unlike anti-lynching bills (which the GOP overwhelmingly supported), the FEPC and legislation like it would restrict the freedom of action of business. Forced to choose between African Americans and business, the GOP overwhelmingly chose business. For these reasons I very much doubt that the delivery in the House of Commons was significantly different than that on the BBC. It is a long speech, roughly 4,000 words, of which I doubt more than a paragraph or two is repeated in the movie (which I have not yet seen). Churchill was an accomplished orator, likely one of the best ever in the history of the English language. Part of that skill is matching the emotion of the message to the emotion of the delivery. In a speech calling for calm determination in the face of a bitter-sweet accomplishment, anything other than a calm delivery would be out of place - except in a Hollywood movie. Italy (very definitely the junior partner of Germany and Italy) invading Greece in 1940. Nazi Germany invading U.S.S.R. in 1941 Looking further back, one is left to wonder if all of Henry V's St. Crispins' Day address to his troops was wholly Shakespeare, or if any was possibly original Henry. There was also an administrative consideration. In 1864, it was time for Lincoln's administration to consider how to integrate the South back into the Union. The South had seceded in part because the Republicans (with exclusively Northern support) had been elected to the presidency. The Republicans knew that Reconstruction would be easier if they could claim some support from the South. Lincoln signaled his leniency and willingness to welcome the South back into the fold by (temporarily) renaming his party the "National Unity Party" and selecting a Southern Democrat as a running mate. The results from the Literary Digest Prohibition Polls are at this link. To summarize them: It's well know that Lincoln and Seward handed out rewards to lame-duck Democrats who considered switching their vote to "Aye," so perhaps Ganson (himself a lame duck) was holding out for a sweeter pot. Perhaps Ganson was internally conflicted over whether the Amendment would help end or prolong the war. Maybe he would rather abolition didn't come up for a vote at that moment, but didn't want to be caught on the wrong side of history. Perhaps he wanted the 13th Amendment to pass, but hoped it would do so without his vote against his party leadership. It's hard to say precisely, because apparently historians aren't too interested in John Ganson in particular.