The construction has fallen out of habit -- Harper Collins marks it "(archaic)" -- and it appears now only in old writing, or in new writing that's trying to sound old. The reason why the in the which fell out of favor is probably because the there adds nothing to the sentence but a certain fustian elegance. Non-restrictive relative clauses are already presupposed, hence definite; nothing is served by adding a definite article. Tensed Adverb clauses don't allow it any more, though they used to in Chaucer's day: In English, certainly the most common use of do is Do-Support. DS is invoked whenever a construction requiring an auxiliary verb (like Question or Negative): As I used to tell my students, if you don't have an auxiliary verb, you have to go out and get one, and the one that you get is do. As noted in the question, Latin qui, quae, quod, quis, quid, and all their descendants still spelled with qu in Romance languages are historically cognate with what, why, which, etc. via Grimm's Law. Where Romance languages have qu-words in their grammars, English has wh-words. So if that is a relative pronoun, it's an odd one. This also solves all coreference problems, because complementizers are not referential. Therefore if there is any coreference in the relative clause, it is coreference of the sort called "understood" (also, "deleted", "a gap", "zero", "Pro" (of two varieties), or some other term, depending usually on what year your syntax instructor got their PhD). So the question is, what is it when it heads a relative clause? Dislocated constructions, like most constructions that indicate speaker attitude by intonation, are features of speech rather than writing. Do-Support applies to any verb that's not an auxiliary, no matter what it means. Relative and interrogative pronouns and their allies, descended from the PIE root *k史o- In English these start with WH: where, what, whither, whence, when, how, who, why, whether, etc. Oh, and dislocation is not a feature of British English. It's all over the US, for instance. This rule is known as Right-Dislocation; it moves the subject to the end of the sentence, leaving behind a coreferential pronoun. There is a corresponding Left-Dislocation, as well, that inserts a pronoun as the subject. Both constructions are accompanied by specific intonation contours, marked with commas; more on these syntactic rules, and similar rules of English, on page 4 here. The which is simply an alternate construction of the relative pronoun which (probably only introducing nonrestrictive relative clauses). There are two great families of pronouns, both descending from Proto-Indo-European roots: Well, that's not the only way to look at the phenomenon, and it's not necessary to believe that there are gaps like black holes left in sentences or anything like that. But there's a point it makes. But compare the first line of Chaucer: The thing is that that has been used for over 600 years to introduce tensed subordinate clauses. And it still is used that way for two out of the three kinds of subordinate clauses in Modern English. Tensed Noun clauses and Adjective clauses require or allow that, under varying rules: gets applied to a verb chain without an auxiliary verb in it already; i.e, a bare main verb: Now the kind of word that introduces a clause and doesn't have meaning as such is a Complementizer. Clearly this is the right term for the that in that the Earth is an oblate spheroid. And it's obvious that it's the term for the way Chaucer used it, too. More interestingly, also via Grimm's Law, where Latin had demonstrative t-words like tantum and talis matching interrogative qu-words like like quantum and qualis, English has demonstrative th-words like that, then, there, thither, thence matching interrogative what, when, where, whither, whence. Just as PIE labiovelar *k史 became labiovelar stop qu- (originally pronounced [k史]) in Latin (and most other IE languages) and labiovelar fricative wh- originally pronounced [x史]) in English (and other Germanic languages), PIE dental *t became dental stop t- in Latin and dental fricative th- in English. Those are two of the 12 systematic consonant changes that make up Grimm's Law.