The problem with the argument is that you equivocated between the abstraction and the real; between the map — represented by The Möbius Strip, with capital letters — and the territory, which is a single instance of a strip of paper cut and twisted so that the most natural description of it in terms of metric spaces (as opposed to material science) is as a finite non-orientable 2-manifold of a certain well-known kind which we call "Möbius strips". This is especially clear when those very interesting properties are made with reference to imaginary physical models. What does it mean to cut the ideal Möbius strip down the middle, when you don't have manual access to it and it is in any case presumed to be eternal and unchanging? What you're doing is imagining the Platonic ideal as if it were a physical object, or at the very least imagining a model where certain details are fixed — the Platonic Möbius Strip That Is Made Of A Continuous Strip Of Some Quite Flat And Easily Cut Material — in order to express properties about physical models which you would somehow like to ascribe to the Platonic ideal. As to numerical representation: we do not use '0' to 'increment' to the next set of digits 1–9, any more than we use '1' to increment from "1" to "11". Instead, what we are doing is representing a number using a sequence of symbols, of which '0' is one of them; and the symbols represent the number of items in a hypothetical collection. We take the right-most digit to represent the number of items in a collection of individuals; the next right-most digit to represent the number of items in a collection of groupings of ten individuals, and so on. We may write 007 for 7, but this is redundant and uninformative; while the right-to-left nature of our convention makes the two zeroes in 700 more informative, because it causes the 7 to denote the number of groupings of one hundred in the numeral. But 0 is no more special here than any other digit; the 7 in 736 also represents 7 groupings of one hundred, together with other amounts of tens and individuals. Did one of the old ones create a unique artifact in one epoch, which still exists albeit in a seemingly unrelated location in another epoch? The mere continued existence of the artifact is a causal link. I have revised my answer somewhat, condensing in some places and adding other ideas, in response to your revision of your question. The colour red depends on our sensory apparatus, and the way our brains process the signals sent to us by our eyes. The colour red is an emergent experience, resulting from how our brains and sensory organs are structured. The notion of the colour red is a useful way of understanding our world, based on how we experience it. There's no reasonable way to deny that there are things which shine red light (light which we percieve as red); things which reflect red light (which preferentially reflect light which we percieve as red); and that red light falls roughly within some frequencies of light (we have constructed an entire theoretical apparatus for describing electromagnetism which is useful enough to build radio towers, lightning rods, x-ray machines, NMR machines, and lasers, and in this theory the light which we tend to percieve as red affects certain photosensitive apparatus in a specific way, and these predictions are borne out by experiment). The concept of 'red' is an extremely useful and robust way of describing how we experience the world. Some of your questions might be better addressed on Mathematics.SE. However, I would address the philosophical content of your question as follows.       ω2 := 0 ∪ ω ∪ 2ω ∪ 3ω ∪ 4ω ∪ ... We then proceed to define 2ω2 as the limit of all ordinals obtained by adding combinations of ω and finite integers to ω2; and then we may come to define 3ω2 and 4ω2; and eventually we may come up with the idea of defining ω3 as the limit of all of the ordinals involving combinations of ω2, ω, and finite integers. We may go about defining ω4, and ω5, until eventually after infinitely many iterations we are moved to define ωω, and ωω+1, ωω+2, ω2ω, and the process never really stops.