The question, however, really centers on what happens to those who reject Jesus. The answer to this does not differ based on whether one is a Jew or Gentile, though. As a child of God whose body is a temple of the Holy Spirit, God calls us to live a holy life. Such a life should be free from all of the things Paul mentions. Thus the thief should steal no more, the drunkard should become sober, the adulterer should be faithful to his wife, the greedy person should become a generous giver, and the sexually immoral should live in purity. The apostle John clearly gives the answer in this verse: Salvation comes through faith, but salvation is not our own doing, but a gift of God. Salvation is not a result of works (but of faith). Faith, then, is distinguished from works. So, from one perspective (but not all) that takes a literal reading of Scripture, anyone can become a Christian--a mass murderer, a rapist, a thief, a greedy person, an adulterer, or someone who practices homosexuality. Once a person has come to Christ, though, God desires them to live a holy life and indicates that certain things should no longer be practiced. Third, a person with faith has the Spirit of God, which means at a minimum they value God above all other things. It is impossible to genuinely believe in hell, one’s proper eternal damnation for the least sin and eternal salvation offered by simple faith in Christ and not secretly value Christ above any other thing. It is not rational to believe Christ and at the same time not value him above all things. Even the weakest believer must value Christ above all or they have never had any faith whatsoever. We must be willing cooperators under the influence of the Holy Ghost. The Holy Spirit will not possess us against our wills like a demon, but will fill us with power and desire like wind on a sail. We must just gently swing the sail of our souls into His wind and be blown about, striving under his might with great respect to the magnificence of his gracious power. This will require on our part great sweat and toil for the flesh, Devil and entire world will oppose all of God's works. Any other attitude would be ungrateful, irreverent and lacking in faith. Salvation comes through faith, but salvation is not our own doing, but a gift of God. Salvation is not a result of works (but of faith). Faith, then, is distinguished from works. Paul speaks of the one who does not work, but believes--that person's faith is counted as righteousness. Thus, faith is not a work, but is contrasted with works. The question, however, really centers on what happens to those who reject Jesus. The answer to this does not differ based on whether one is a Jew or Gentile, though. The apostle John clearly gives the answer in this verse: 16 “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life... 18 Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe is condemned already, because he has not believed in the name of the only Son of God. John 3:16, 18 ESV