This appears to be a near duplicate of a previous question, though I do not recall the reference. Kant himself was quite concerned that his formalization of the categorical imperative conform to the "common" moral sentiments of the golden rule. The result has been criticized by Hegel and others as an "empty formalism" difficult to apply in real cases. By appealing to "personhood" and the imaginative inversion of "you" and "others" the "unsophisticated" golden rule may actually capture a level of evolved, linguistic complexity missed by Kant. Since Kant was the first to bring aesthetics into philosophy, I would suggest that his idea of purposefulness without purpose is very close to the mechanically repeated "avant guard" that 20th century art became. Yes, suicide can be rational. It may in fact be a paradigmatic act of rationality. Personally, I find the distinction between "deontic" and "consequentialist" ethics to be most helpful in respect to Kant. In your example, you use what Kant calls a "hypothetical imperative." If you want X, then do Y. The action is guided by the anticipated consequences. Several off-the-cuff answers come to mind. The first is a behavioral test. Is a "philosopher" today readily distinguished from other people by observation in public settings? Probably not. Certainly not to the extent of a Diogenes. However, your case as stated does seem far too "consequentialist" to pass muster with the CA. In practical terms, the CA may be best regarding as a "guiding ideal" by which the internal contradictions of faulty moral assumptions may be revealed. First, I would note that there is a fair amount of philosophical literature on this question, and I am not very familiar with it. Camus, for example, argues that the question of suicide is the ultimate manifestation of human "freedom," which is more or less the same as "rationality." Animals, vegetables, and minerals, locked into natural causality, cannot choose "to be or not to be..." or even pose the question, as Hamlet can. It is a possibility that arises only for the rational being. Its most interesting form is in the Greek ostracism, through which people could vote to expel a citizen, and this was frequently turned on those whom history might define as the "best." A famous story tell of 'Aristides the Good' coming into Athens when an illiterate peasant asked him to help him vote in the ostracism. Aristides agreed and asked the man who he wanted to ostracize. The peasant replied Aristides the Good. When asked what Aristides had done wrong, the peasant replied, "Oh nothing. I just get sick of hearing him called 'The Good'." Modern tabloid news serves much the same bilious function. It remains the transcendental compass of applied moral rules felt intuitively and developed circumstantially. A long-winded digression, but I hope you will find some useful terms and indicators in the above. I would look at Nietzsche's "slave morality," the philosophical works on "resentment" and the history of "ostracism, for starters. The TPS concept itself seems to have near-equivalents in the proverbs and social mechanisms of many cultures. That said, I'm not sure how to handle your example. Kant does discuss the legitimacy of government, which cannot compel citizens to do what they "may not" do, and this constraint would apply to demands forcing citizens to contradict the CA or, presumably, endanger their immortal souls. So, I believe, your case might possibly be rationalized under the CA, given a closer definition of "tyrannical." So, the CA is much stricter and less commonsensical than we might suppose. We cannot simply think we are doing good. The "universal maxim" must enable the "will" in a way that does not ultimately contradict principles of reason, freedom.... and certain Christian assumption of an immortal soul transcending contingency, nature, and physical constraints, at least that is my understanding. All formulations represent only different ways we can grasp the categorical imperative with intuitions [Anschauungen], by types (this is already implied by the "subjective-practical difference" in the GMM, Ak. 436), as there cannot possibly be any intuition of it as such, because we are not capable of pure intuitions, i.e. we cannot directly apply it in the realm of nature (thought as the sum of all experience) because it does not obey our boundaries of experience (the categories). We have no scheme (Schema) for it in its "perfect", general form. These points are also from the second Critique. Stage two: Material philosophy as either of freedom or nature So what does it mean that material philosophy is 'twofold'? For Kant, there are basically two realms of objects: Freedom and Nature. The corresponding branches of philosophy are Ethics and Physics. This means that for him, ethics is (or should be) a real science with scientific methods inquiring its objects just as physics does with objects in nature. And, of course, that there are real relations between real objects in the realm of freedom we can examine scientifically in the first place, i.e. he is a moral realist: We're big enough boys and girls now, technologically, that we can royally mess up our sandbox. Treating morality as self-centered interactions between individuals without considering our wider impact misses what is now a very important impact of humans on other humans. (To be determined: should that also fall under morality, or should there be a second set of rules? If a second set, how do you adjudicate when morality and conservation give different answers?) There's no doubt that science is a wonderful tool for providing us with information about many things. That it would have a lot to say about well being of humans is unsurprising. And it's not fully objective, either; that's just the behavior that the universe rewards with continued existence. Nor is it clear that it's enough to build a comprehensive morality. But, from what I've seen, it's about as far as one can get when leaning on science alone.