Few toddlers at 2 will have the hand-eye coordination to do much more than scribble, I know my 2 year old is what I'd consider "good" at coloring and it's just a bunch of scribbles on the picture (but it shows good contact and is mostly centered over the picture!). But that's how you get her started, by giving her the chance to do it and showing her how. Kids at that age pick up a lot just by watching and copying/imitating. So, assuming my child will likely be between the 50th and 75th percentile, he will reach 41 inches (3'5") between 4 (when the 75th percentile line crosses the 41 inch line) and about 4.5 (when the 50th percentile line crosses the 41 inch line). That's relevant only for my son, of course; for your daughter you should look on your own. I can't tell you what to do with your child's father, either, although if it were me I would let him know that such language is inappropriate, and that if he wants to be involved in his son's life, he should read some parenting books, particularly ones that explain how children develop socially and emotionally. That kind of attitude is very unfortunate, and not something I'd be particularly interested in having around my child. Perhaps you have a religious figure or someone in the community who can help. From the same research paper cited above Kids at that age generally need bigger toys that require less fine motor skills. Go google toddler toys. That should give you a better idea what to look for. The Longer Version In a study published in the Sleep Health journal (which is affiliated with the National Sleep Foundation (an American thing)), the researchers gathered a large group of sleep related studies, papers and articles and distributed them to members of various sleep experts and medical organizations, which included the American Academy of Pediatrics. These members were asked to review the material, and then vote on whether a given amount of sleep was appropriate for someone in a given age group. The researchers compiled all the votes and grouped the hours of sleep into categories based on how many people in the voting group agreed or disagreed on the appropriateness of the amount of sleep for someone in the given age group. The results are as follows: The study also has a caveat that all this is talking about how much time is actually spent sleeping compared to time in bed. The research material used often did not make the distinction, which they state would bias the numbers towards the higher end of what is really needed. They also state that no mention was made about the quality of sleep and how that affects the recommendations. These (along with a few other things they mention in the paper) are just some things to keep in mind when evaluating how your child compares to these recommendations. Fifteen months is early even for 100% picture books. It's far too early for understanding a storyline - it's too early for the level of imagination capable of understanding that there could be such a thing as a story. What you should do is find where your daughter has been on the last three or so measurements, in terms of percentile, on the length-for-age. My younger child (who will turn 3 in march), for example, was at (if I recall) about 60%, 75%, and 55%. Note the drastic differences - likely due to a combination of measurement error and different timings of growth spurts. That's why it's good to use multiple measurements rather than just the 'last' one. In general, children of any age will play with whatever happens to appeal to them (and perhaps their social group). I don't have a 5 year old yet, but my 3.5 year old likes playing with any toy: cars and trains the most, but that's also what his girl friends like to play with (they move!). He loves to play with dolls and dressup and everything else you can imagine. If your daughter's last three measurements were in the 25%-50% range, as her current one looks to be (Assuming 35" was her measurement at 30 months), then it looks like she's likely to hit 41" between 4.5 and 5. However, if she actually measured more consistently between 50th and 75th percentiles (as you don't list any other measurements), she might be more likely to hit between 4 and 4.5. And again, remember these are not predictions, just standards; my youngest was in the 75th-85th percentile for his first year, regressing towards the mean slowly over the second year. This might, however, be enough for your current task (guessing how long a toy will be useful for). I can't tell you what to do relative to his sexual orientation, except that 1) they're not something you can change, and 2) they're not particularly relevant at five years old. If it were me, I wouldn't think another thought about this until he's old enough to discuss sexual matters in enough detail that he can understand them. If you want to read more, there are support groups like Laura's Playground, or you can talk to a trained child psychologist. Looking ahead to 3 year olds, the amount of recommended sleep drops a bit, so I'm not worried that your child might be getting to the point of needing less sleep a little quicker than average. Given that data, 10 hours for 2.5 year old (right between the 2 and 3 year olds) doesn't seem out of line at all to me. As long as she seems to be sleeping well and is happy and healthy, she should be just fine. From the same research paper cited above The Short Version In an article from the National Sleep Foundation regarding how much sleep kids need, they state that for a 2 year old it is recommended that they get between 11 and 14 hours of sleep per day but also acknowledge that anywhere between 9 and 16 hours may be appropriate depending on the individual. Anything outside of that range was categorized as "not recommended". So it seems like your toddler is within an acceptable range. Kids at that age generally need bigger toys that require less fine motor skills. Go google toddler toys. That should give you a better idea what to look for.