I agree that negative attention may be just as rewarding for your little one as positive attention. Therein lies the challenge. 

The concepts are developed around listen with the whole body. We introduce each body part and describe/demonstrate the optimum behavior. 

Include supplements, such as:Boost® Pediasure®, Carnation Instant Sport shakes® & Breakfast®, and Yo-J®. 

Therefore, gifted children need a WIDE variety of stimulating activities repeatedly in order to gain various skills. These activities should stimulate: 

Orthotics: There is no evidence that wearing orthotics are effective treatments to correct flatfeet. However, orthotics may be useful in preventing the ankles from rolling inward and reduce the strain on muscles and the associated pain. 

Here is the only medical research that I am aware of that connects immunizations with earlier onset of seizures in this disorder: http://www.onmedica.com/newsarticle.aspx?id=e7c292a8-9949-4a65-91f1-3a80d51a7f3b 

Children need frequent and pleasant contact with a food to begin to eat it. Have her sit with you at the table for meals. Place foods before her with utensils and encourage her to play with the food. The goal at first is for the contact to be frequent AND pleasant. 

Art -- any form of art from colouring to painting to play dough is good. Be careful of him eating it, but it is a great activity. My students loved painting the school/ fence / ground/ playground equipment with water. It was harmless and fun! 

Mum would make a meal and know that at least part of it had foods my brother and I would eat. A new food was presented on a teaspoon and the only requirement was to eat that one spoonful -- and have more if we liked it. The other food on the plate was "what is for dinner". If we did not eat, that plate was covered and put in the fridge. 

Play is an important part of the learning process at GEMS World Academy Chicago – Early Years Preschool. The role of play in the development of young children has been well documented; here’s a look at the “six stages of play” as outlined by noted sociologist Mildred Parten. 

It is time to start allowing him to make some choices. Use choosing language and if he has been told "No.", you can then tell him that the consequence of this choice is to sit away from his mother. 

Orthotics: There is no evidence that wearing orthotics are effective treatments to correct flatfeet. However, orthotics may be useful in preventing the ankles from rolling inward and reduce the strain on muscles and the associated pain. 

Most children with flexible flatfeet are asymptomatic. However, some children complain of discomfort when wearing footwear with arch supports. Other children are clumsy or walk oddly to compensate for pain and discomfort. Very active children or ones who participate in sports requiring running or jumping sometimes complain of foot and leg pain or limp and fatigue on long walks. Sometimes, the ankles roll inward as a child walks or runs and creates uneven wear patterns on shoes and causes stress and associated pain in knees and hips. 

Normal dysfluencies are characterized by repeating whole words-often the first in a sentence. There is no tension in the face or mouth and no struggle to "get the words out." You are right on with your observation that this behavior is related to the surge in vocabulary and language that occurs at this age.