Back in the mists of time, I would put a lot of time into reading, and would read pretty much anything I could lay my hands on. Yet whenever I look at any forum, writing advice etc, it always suggests that you read lots. So, how important is being well read, for a writer... Is this something that other's tend to experience also? Being well read makes me more likely to write in facsimiles of other's and I'd rather create my own style I am reasonably content in my approach to my own writing, and can't imagine that changing any time soon, but I saw another question and thought this would make an interesting question for anyone else who might have a similar approach. The problem, for me, is that if I read a piece of writing that I particularly like, I will unconsciously allow the style, grammar, flow of that piece to seep into whatever I'm writing. (Note: this is the epiphany of the story) "You never ask these kind of questions," Benjamin said with a suspicious look. "Is there something wrong?" "Why don't you find something else? You've been doing this for a while. I bet you can find something better." If you have a fetish, you shouldn't be ashamed of it. "That's right," Benjamin said after a moment. "Did you feel the earthquake last night?" Write a novel that consist on many intertwined short stories. David Mitchell does this beautifully on his magnus opus Cloud Atlas. As you can see there are tears in this passage, but the part that says "she began to cry with the force of a person vomiting on all fours" (not sure about you, but I've never seen crying being described like this before) removes the cliche and instead of sentimentalism, we have a very strong image. Does this happen to a lot of beginners? How to overcome this problem? I'm writing a short story. The main character is visited by a strange black bird during the night (first draft): Yes, I think the internal monologue in the passage above is a clear example of telling (which could be good or bad depending on the situation). Personally, I tend to avoid internal monologue as much as I can. Here are some methods I use (plus examples taken from my own writing): In all aspects of life I enjoy figuring problems out, without relying too much on what has gone before. Often I find I have reinvented the wheel, I enjoy exploring the reasoning behind a problem, and the nuances of why it is a problem in the first place. So, how important is being well read, for a writer... Is this something that other's tend to experience also? To my mind, if I am struggling with some mechanism in a story, I could read other authors' work, and use their methods to solve the problem I've got, or I can explore the problem for myself and build my own mechanism to achieve the goal. Yet whenever I look at any forum, writing advice etc, it always suggests that you read lots. Back in the mists of time, I would put a lot of time into reading, and would read pretty much anything I could lay my hands on. I am reasonably content in my approach to my own writing, and can't imagine that changing any time soon, but I saw another question and thought this would make an interesting question for anyone else who might have a similar approach.