One supposes in this situation that eugenics would be ruled out; for after the veil is removed perhaps you find that one is in a category in which non-existence is prescribed, for you're not of the best genetic stock. 3 - A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Law 

Thus Oedipus Rex, Iphigenia in Aulis or Medea. 

Foucault took up this image of the Panoptician in his book Discipline & Punish. He retains this image whilst altering its topology (the circle) and makes it pervasive. Although he doesn't take into account - as he couldn't - modern technology. How well does it fit into his paradigm? Who are his most prominent critics? 

Beside me singing in the Wilderness - 

Both Arendts Totalitarianism and Eichman in Jerusalem where she examines the nature of Stalins Soviet Union & The Nazi Regime, and also the trial of Eichmann, the Nazi war criminal in Jerusalem; the second book is where she coined the phrase 'banality of evil'. Arendt, was famously a lover of Heidegger; she was also Jewish but highly secularised. 

The economist Amartya Sen and the moral philosopher Martha Nussbaum have both written on injecting human values into their respective disciplines. Sen arguing that a purely utilitarian idea of economics is impoverishing and Nussbaum critiquing the meaning and understanding of emotions such as 'grief, compassion, and love, and of disgust and shame'. They're both aiming at an understanding and an advocacy of human flourishing in its manifestly many ways. Malise Ruthven in his book also named Fundamentalisms writes: 

Aristotle in his Poetics examines three kinds of poetry - comedy, the epic & tragedy; he says Wikipedia entry on the Outsider says 'Its theme and outlook are often cited as exemplars of existentialism, though Camus did not consider himself an existentialist;in fact, its content explores various philosophical schools of thought, including (most prominently and specifically) absurdism, as well as determinism, nihilism, naturalism, and stoicism.' 

I'd speculate that certain moral philosophers in the late 19C and early 20C explicitly used utilitarian ethics to endorse eugenics; Rawls mentions eugenics just in passing only to expressly avoid it; and this no doubt because of its terrible history in Europe and elsewhere. Perhaps too, landscapes, pastoral and urban as the face of the place; when haunted by traces of presence. One thing is certain and the rest is Lies CAGE: ...enjoyed the music, but I don't agree with that program note... But mitigates this (self)-accusation by asking: The broad nature of the question makes it easy to align other philosophies that in a broad sense also discuss this subject - for example in Antiquity there was the Roman philosophy of Stoicism, this in many ways is aligned with Buddhism; and the Greek philosophy of Epicurus; and here one might usefully recall Budai or the laughing Buddha and also the Ruba'iyyat of Omar Khayyam, the Persian Islamic Poet who wrotes the quatrains: 

By far and away / the most common of these is obsessive-compulsive disorder. It starts with sentences that gesture to the traditional structures of of poetry - sentences and alliteration and ends with just bare words it appears placed at random.