There are TWO theories of "fire," and which one is better depends on what the battle conditions are and what the general is trying to accomplish. Hence, they showed a greater desire to learn (and imitate) than their European peers. It appears to have been part of the restless "personality" that caused them to leave Scandinavia in search of more hospitable climates. Once they found them, they became "more royalist than the king," that is more "European" than the other western Europeans. The above is the general sense that I have, but my knowledge its a bit sketchy. Can anyone describe the French vs. English advantages with a greater degree of "granularity?" And if so, is it fair to say that Joan's gift was realizing that the French could win, under any reasonably competent "combined arms" commander (which she had behind her) even more than understanding how they could win? That is, of course, if the French could avoid battles and situations where the English long bow would show to advantage. As you noted, a seigneurie was a title and coat of arms, with a piece of land attached. This title (including the land title) could not be transferred without the consent of the king, meaning that every prospective successor would have to "reapply" to the king for the title. The above was fairly "typical" of the millennium between 700 and 1700, although there were exceptions at various times and places. On the whole, however, it is reflective of how Jews "voted with their feet" during this period. She had created a monster, because Harald took an oath not to cut his hair until he won her. He went to war and conquered several other Norwegian kingdoms, making him the strongest king in Norway. Finally, the remaining Norwegian kings, including Gyda's own father, Erik, banded together against him for self-protection. Harald won the resulting battle of Hafrsfjord in which Erik was killed. He then sent for Gyda, who conceded that he had met the conditions, and married him. I think Scott made it up. But possibly he read this is some historical source. Martius Galeotti (1442-1494) was a real person (see Wikipedia), as well as Oliver and Louis XI. It is possible that the distillation process was invented independently in several places. Recently I saw a movie about an African tribe, essentially untouched by civilization which practices this process. It is unclear from the movie whether it was adopted from some more advanced culture or it was an indigenous invention. If you are talking about Renaissance, there was still no scientific societies, and the means of communication remained the same (Napier, Brahe, Kepler, Galileo, they all wrote books and letters, here was no scientific societies, and by the way none of these named people was associated with any university). The people who invented this proverb had somewhat different lifestyle from yours. And lived in different environment. They worked the land. For them a horse was not a liability but an asset. And these people were the majority of population. So even if one of them had no grass to feed a horse, or no desire to work with it, s/he would easily sell it. Even if you kill a horse for meat, you get: a) a lot of meat. b) the skin from which you can make a lot of things, c) hair and hoofs etc. The Normans adopted a style of architecture that is known as "Romanesque." It was originated by the Romans, but later imitated by many west Europeans, chief among them the Normans. This style made use of rounded arches and was milder than the "Gothic" style, with pointed arches. As to why the Normans were such good imitators, I am of the opinion that Joan of Arc, an "amateur" general, started France on the road to winning the war because she understood something that the "professionals" did not; that is, that the French army was fundamentally better despite the earlier English victories, and that "all" that was needed to win was for France to fight the right battles. The Normans were described by others (in modern terms) as hungry, ambitious people. As you noted, a seigneurie was a title and coat of arms, with a piece of land attached. This title (including the land title) could not be transferred without the consent of the king, meaning that every prospective successor would have to "reapply" to the king for the title. Basically, European "states" were all smaller than the Roman Empire, in reach and population for 1000 years or so after the fall of Rome. More to the point, they were mostly subdivided into feudal principalities for most of the period. Rome in 278 BC had better control of "half of Italy" than Paris over all of (or even half of) France in 1346 A.D. Brakeaten money was a form of seigneurage in the late Middle Ages. The term is German because it was practiced in most parts of Germany. What it means is that the sovereign, from time to time, issued new coins, forcing people to exchange their old metal coins for new ones, with the sovereign "taxing" this process by keeping say, one new coin out of four. What distinguished brakeaten money from other coins was a relatively simple design that made it possible to "recyle" them more frequently. I think Scott made it up. But possibly he read this is some historical source. Martius Galeotti (1442-1494) was a real person (see Wikipedia), as well as Oliver and Louis XI. If you are talking about Renaissance, there was still no scientific societies, and the means of communication remained the same (Napier, Brahe, Kepler, Galileo, they all wrote books and letters, here was no scientific societies, and by the way none of these named people was associated with any university). You should be more specific about what you mean by science in the Middle Age. Almost no science existed in Europe before the Renaissance. So when we speak of Medieval science we should be discussing Muslim world first of all. It is possible that the distillation process was invented independently in several places. Recently I saw a movie about an African tribe, essentially untouched by civilization which practices this process. It is unclear from the movie whether it was adopted from some more advanced culture or it was an indigenous invention.