I think there is a real need for this. Since reaching 10k tools on SO, I've noticed that many times these types of "answers" are flagged as spam. If the answer gets 6 of those flags, the user will take a 100-rep penalty, which isn't very fair to the user who wasn't intentionally doing anything wrong. (Especially since this type of answer isn't even what the spam flag is intended for.) Edit: 13 months ago, when I wrote the above, there was no StackExchange. I've changed my opinion now that SE sites are launching. I think for some of them it would make real sense. I still don't think it's necessary as a platform-wide feature (in particular, no need on SO proper), but on a few SE sites I think it is needed. The columns show the number of votes, answers, and views. I think views, in particular, can be removed; no one really cares about views, except when trying to figure out which question was responsible for the "Popular Question" badge you just got. I noticed that using triple-star to apply bold and italics doesn't work in comments. Can we get one of those "n characters left" statuses when editing "About Me" in our user profile? This would be similar to the status message you put under comments. Note: I know that MSO users can get unlimited links simply by linking to their S[OFU] account. Usually someone has to tell them this though; it isn't necessarily clear. Update: I'm putting a bounty on this just to get attention to one of my older feature requests. I suspect this one would be trivial for the team to implement. Since I'm over 10k rep on meta now, I have some rep to blow on pointless bounties. :) Edit: assuming you add the syntax support, it might be better to add the LaTeX generator to your own server, so that you don't have an external dependence on what would be a core functionality for a "MathOverflow" site. (DivideByZero might be a good name... just saying...) Tag suggestions tooltip steals focus when dismissed Actual: Focus goes to the question area very briefly, then the the tag suggestions tooltip disappears, and when it disappears it gives focus to the tags edit box. I ask because I hit the character limit, but didn't know that there was one, so my profile got truncated after submission. I'd like updates to favorite questions to show in the recent activity page, just like updates to my own questions are shown. As it stands now, favorites are little more than bookmarks, that require manual polling to check for updates. Currently new users are limited to one two links in a post. If the purpose of this is, as I suspect, to prevent spam, I think it would be safe to allow unlimited internal links (i.e. links to M?S[OFU] posts). It would be nice to do this on MSO at least, so that users can post links to examples of their problems. I agree, this has been a problem for me too a few times, mainly in meta-SO. It would have helped Jeff to link to me and TXI's bad joke in a recent SO blog post too! :) http://img378.imageshack.us/img378/6092/2manynums.jpg A requirement of 750 rep to edit community wiki posts seems too high. 750 rep will take weeks for most users to acquire. Even an extremely active user will take at least 4 days (at a max of 200 rep per day, neglecting bounties). A user who has invested the time to make it to 750 rep is probably on their way to earning the 2000 rep required to edit anyone's post. Lower the rep required to edit community wiki posts significantly (I'd suggest to 100), so that they really are Wikipedia-like (e.g. anyone can edit). Stop calling them "wiki", since they are nothing like Wikipedia, and come up with some new term which only implies that no rep is earned from the question ("unaccredited" or "unowned" or something). The new image-based flair is using ClearType for the text. ClearType should never be used in images for general usage. It assumes that you are using a monitor with each pixel composed of red, green, and blue subpixels, in that specific order, arranged horizontally. This is not true for all users. On some monitors, the pixels are arranged blue-green-red (this is why Microsoft has the option in the ClearType Tuner). On mobile devices, the orientation of the subpixels depends on the orientation of the device. I'm not sure how CRTs handle this (I haven't used one in about five years). I made a similar suggestion a while back on uservoice, but it was declined at the time. I'll reproduce it here since it is similar to (but not exactly the same as) your suggestion. For the record, here is the markdown source of the page that was giving the problem: As for votes, I would suggest (and I realize that maybe this is more radical) that instead of showing the number, another type of visual cue is used. For example, maybe questions with > 10 votes get a larger font, and questions with negative votes are semi-transparent (like an ignored tag). This would leave only the number of answers, which is probably what a most people really care about. Or just leave votes and answers, but remove views, if you don't like that suggestion. "Spoiler" tags would make the site seem kinda juvenile and unprofessional, IMHO. I think Wikipedia did away with their "spoiler warning" tag for the same reason.