Christ is using his ability to perform miracles as evidence that he is God, and therefore has the right and the ability to forgive sins. 'We know that you ... show no respect of persons.' This preamble assumes that Jesus is not afraid of Caesar, and so will give the revolutionary answer if that is what he believes. That, at least, is what the questioners assume the bystanders will be thinking. To TEs who don't believe in a literal Adam and Eve, Eve being the mother of living is metaphor, just as Eve existing is metaphor. Mattathias instructed his sons to give back to the pagans an equal repayment: do to them as they have done to us. The saying is unambiguously revolutionary. The second clause put this in its wider context: obey the command of the law. ... The Maccabaean saying had a double thrust: your duty towards the pagans is to fight them, and your duty to our god is to keep his commandments. An honest, well-studied OEC has a lot of reasons to think the days in Genesis are not literal, but, at best, 2 Peter 3:8 is a "passing curiosity," and not the core of their evidence. When, however, the words are set in context, they acquire a second layer of meaning. Jesus was not in a classroom giving a lecture, or for that matter on a battlefield urging on the troops. He was facing a questioner with a Roman coin in his hand. Suddenly, a counterpoint appears beneath the coded revolutionary meaning; faced with the coin, and with the implicit question of revolution, Jesus says, in effect 'Well then, you'd better pay Caesar back as he deserves!' Had he told them to revolt? Had he told them to pay the tax? He had done neither. He had done both. This passage in scripture is built on a long foundation of culture and history, which is largely lost on a modern audience. The more common and practical experience is that by encouraging all protestants to do their own Bible study and interpretation, the end result is that all protestants interpret scripture. As the as Proverbs says, iron sharpen iron. When protestants examine scripture individually, and in groups, and discuss their views and opinions, it allows the group as a whole ownership over the interpretation, which can be a big benefit. No one likes a wisenheimer/smart_ _ s/wiseguy. Stewardship is a common theme throughout the Bible. A steward is an employee--in Jesus' day a servant, or even a bond-servant--who is responsible to his employer (or master) for whatever his master has entrusted to him. The writers of the Tanakh (aka the "Old Testament") and the people who figure prominently in their writings were well aware of the different senses in which words could be used, both literally and figuratively. In conclusion, water baptism of a believer in Christ "in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit," is good, proper, and necessary, especially since our Lord commanded it of His disciples in His "great commission" to them (Matthew 28:19). Does it "contribute" to our salvation in any way? No, because we are saved by God's grace through faith; our salvation is not of works, for if it were, then people could boast (Ephesians 2:8,9). Water baptism is a good work, but it is a work nevertheless. There is not a single, solitary work any of us can do to add to what Christ has already done on our behalf at the cross, where He cried with a loud voice, Even the writers of Sacred Text, such as the prophets, knew that mountains and hills do not sing and that the trees of the field do not clap their hands (see Isaiah 55:12). The psalmists and other writers of Scripture knew they were not writing history or law when they resorted to poetic expression, referring to the LORD as a shepherd (Psalm 23), a rock (2 Samuel 22:32), a mighty fortress (2 Samuel 22:2), a shelter or refuge (Psalm 91:2; 61:3), or a bird having feathers and wings (Psalm 91:4). In other words, “If the Romans condemned to death the one they admitted to be innocent, how would they deal in the future with those whom they found guilty?” That future, again, had a double aspect, the first aspect would be fulfilled in AD 70, and the second during the ruthless seven-year reign of the man of sin (the antichrist), whose power, not unlike that of Rome, will be manifest, and not just in part of the world as in Rome's heyday, but in the entire world. Some protestants try for a sort of "Lone Ranger Christian" approach, interpreting scripture on their own, sometimes cherry-picking the interpretations they like, discarding others. 'We know that you ... show no respect of persons.' This preamble assumes that Jesus is not afraid of Caesar, and so will give the revolutionary answer if that is what he believes. That, at least, is what the questioners assume the bystanders will be thinking. However, this leads to my second answer, which I think is more of the real answer. And that is that any honest, studied OEC will not use these verses as proof texts for their view, simply because Peter is not making the specific statement that one day is a thousand years. Peter is not providing a formula for interpreting other scripture. Peter is saying time is immaterial to God. If one is going to apply this verse to Genesis 1, they might also be tempted to say that the Battle of Jericho lasted 6,000 years. To TEs who don't believe in a literal Adam and Eve, Eve being the mother of living is metaphor, just as Eve existing is metaphor. Christ is using his ability to perform miracles as evidence that he is God, and therefore has the right and the ability to forgive sins.