Insofar as nobody was witness to the actual event, or has clear proofs thereof, narrating such stories as fact is (inadvertently) claiming knowledge of the unseen; this is arrogance tantamount to shirk. However, exactly the same argument can be made against outright decrying it as false. In order to claim that anyone should, or should not, believe and narrate such a story depends on its veracity; if its veracity is indeterminate, so too is any attempt at ruling on it. 

It is important to note that classifying any hadith (or story) as weak is not the same as classifying it as false. Similarly, stories in which the authenticity is disputed — and as is often the case, impossible to verify — may (or may not) still be true. Such stories fall into the realm of al-Ghaib (the Unseen). 

But even then, avoiding doubtful matters is still preferable. 

Using "u" and "a" (and "i", but "Muhammad" doesn't use that one) for the vowels, however, is pretty much standard across formal Arabic romanization methods. The variant spellings are typically based on attempts to spell the name out phonetically rather than out of any adherence to the original Arabic, which becomes further complicated by the name being pronounced differently in different dialects (see Wikipedia: "Muhammad (Name)"). 

After narrating the story of Companions of the Cave in the Qur'an, God rebukes those who attempt to guess at al-Ghaib. Arguing about the details about any such story, including details such as whether it's authentic or fabricated, is futile unless clear evidence is available. 

The best one can do would be to apply the advice presented in the hadith of God's pasture: by only narrating those stories which are clearly permissible (such as those in the Qur'an, those authentically narrated by the prophet, or those from the children of Israel) and avoiding all others, one can be sure they're not transgressing God's own limits, even if by accident. 

Why the Prophet(pbuh) never went to the doctor? There are certain rules that apply only to the Prophet(pbuh). For example, the Prophet's wives cannot re-marry etc. 

Just imagine an alone woman in a conservative society where having a child out of wed lock could result in death. To add to those troubles, she delivered the child all by herself in the desert. 

In short, the Prophet(pbuh) was doctor himself and had learnt his cures from the best university in the world (Allah) 

But another point that comes to light in this verse is that... 

According to the Quran he was not over bearing to his mother. 

The assumption that the Prophet(pbuh) never fell sick is incorrect. See Sahih Bukhari Book #11, Hadith #646 

Jesus(pbuh) didnt have a father which was a miracle BUT Adam(pbuh) didnt have a mother and a father. This is double the miracle of Jesus(pbuh)! 

The above verse applies to us and to the Prophet(pbuh), but since the Prophet(pbuh) had a direct connection with Allah he got the cure directly. 

"The Prophet became sick and when his disease became aggravated..." 

BUT I would agree with your teacher that it is recommended to eat less to be healthy. 

In the above verse the Quran makes it compulsory on verifying information if it comes from a disobedient person(i.e. faasiqun). 

The Prophet; said, "A slave (of Allah) may utter a word which pleases Allah without giving it much importance, and because of that Allah will raise him to degrees (of reward): a slave (of Allah) may utter a word (carelessly) which displeases Allah without thinking of its gravity and because of that he will be thrown into the Hell-Fire." (Bukhari Volume 8, Book 76, Number 485 ) 

Hence you will see many books of topics like "Cures of the Prophet(pbuh)", "Medicine of the Prophet(pbuh)" etc. 

The hadith above does not indicate Jesus(pbuh) is a "faultless son" rather just that he was not touched by the Satan when he was born which resulted in him not crying. 

Is your question about "Unverified and unbelievable stories"? Based on the clarification you added, my understanding is that you simply mean "unbelievable stories" rather than "fantasy stories". 

Insofar as nobody was witness to the actual event, or has clear proofs thereof, narrating such stories as fact is (inadvertently) claiming knowledge of the unseen; this is arrogance tantamount to shirk. However, exactly the same argument can be made against outright decrying it as false. In order to claim that anyone should, or should not, believe and narrate such a story depends on its veracity; if its veracity is indeterminate, so too is any attempt at ruling on it. 

How unbelievable and fantastical it may appear is irrelevant. Belief in al-Ghaib includes believing in things that are otherwise unexplainable by science or observation. 

But even then, avoiding doubtful matters is still preferable. 

However, it is incorrect to apply a general ruling such as "One must never tell such stories, nor believe in them," as there is no way of knowing that the stories themselves are not true. I know of no evidences to outright forbid such, especially if the following points are considered: 

Using "u" and "a" (and "i", but "Muhammad" doesn't use that one) for the vowels, however, is pretty much standard across formal Arabic romanization methods. The variant spellings are typically based on attempts to spell the name out phonetically rather than out of any adherence to the original Arabic, which becomes further complicated by the name being pronounced differently in different dialects (see Wikipedia: "Muhammad (Name)"). 

It is important to note that classifying any hadith (or story) as weak is not the same as classifying it as false. Similarly, stories in which the authenticity is disputed — and as is often the case, impossible to verify — may (or may not) still be true. Such stories fall into the realm of al-Ghaib (the Unseen). 

The best one can do would be to apply the advice presented in the hadith of God's pasture: by only narrating those stories which are clearly permissible (such as those in the Qur'an, those authentically narrated by the prophet, or those from the children of Israel) and avoiding all others, one can be sure they're not transgressing God's own limits, even if by accident.