How consistent is this with the ethics of Zen Buddhism? Or is this little playful parable Cages reinterpretation of a Zen Koan, and forcing us to rethink what can be meant by dhukkho (suffering)? 

So, certainly the SF corpus does not consistently draw artificial intelligence as uniformly dystopian. 

In the introduction to the Theory of Justice, Rawls goes over the classical defences of Utilitarianism (to better distinguish his own position, which is closer to Kant); and one of which uses the notion of the impartial spectator, this is someone who is able to enter into all the souls of the men, women and children of a (putative) society and by through this understanding construct a system of laws that harmonises as best as possible all the interests of each and every individual; in essence an embodiment of the general will. 

According to Wikipedias entry on master-slave morality, master-morality is the morality of the strong-willed, and slave-morality is the response of the slaves. Whereas I'm asking isn't slave-morality foisted on the slaves by the masters to keep them in a state of submissiveness. 

c. There is no "dictator": no single voter possesses the power to always determine the group's preference. 

Alan Davies poem a an av es belonging to the Language poetry school starts off as: 

While if you marry your own sister you will have none. 

One of the horrors of the communist police-states of Eastern Europe was the incredible amount of information that the police force kept on the general population. This was often not gathered just by them but also by a large proportion of the population who were informants. Or so I recall reading from the general journalism I read at the time. 

Asimov, an American science fiction writer in the sixties posited the three laws of Robotics: 

However, in the Western Reception of Hinduism, The Bhagavad Gita is central - perhaps much more central than it is in Hinduism itself. There are standard commentaries within a number of Indian philosophical schools that discuss its metaphysical & moral philosophy. 

To give an analogy - does anyone claim to understand Newtonian Mechanics by examining solely Newtons First Law? Its full sense is only made apparent by examining together with the rest of his theory. 

Eichmann, according to Arendts report on the court proceedings, which by the way, she considered something of a show trial, called himself a Kantian; she said, that he didn't think. 

The anxiety or stress of trying to hold onto things that are constantly changing. [This is dukkha that relates the externals of life - relationships, family, friends; labour, work and politics] 

(At least for me, it is suggestively related to the picture of the soul in the Republic, and also n Whitmans poem Leaves of Grass; where he enters into spirit of each type and is also far above them). 

"The Enquiry in England is not whether a Man has Talents and Genius, but whether he is Passive and Polite and a Virtuous Ass and obedient to Noblemen’s Opinions in Art and Science. If he is, he is a Good Man. If not, he must be starved." 

An allegory that is without meaning isn't an allegory; one might as well ask suppose the colour red is not red; For example, Spensor explicitly allegorises his major work The Faerie Queene around Christian themes of sin, virtue and redemption; or one could consider Robinson Crusoe who implicitly allegorises the Protestant work ethic (a la Weber) as well as the biblical Genesis; or for a more contemporary example King Kong allegorises the racial experience of America (from a white perspective) and Ellisons Invisible Man which does the same (from the black perspective). 

CAGE: ...about there being too much pain in the world. He said, what? Don't you think there's enough? 

A couple of references might be apposite here: 

The Rose that once has blown for ever dies 

Of course none of the above is strictly philosophical in the academic sense, but this isn't an issue that can be fruitfully discussed in a sensible way (yet);for the forseeable future, as user4894 posits, humanitys greatest danger to itself is probably itself - and it is the recognition of this that determines one perspective on ethics, and in fact the only one in the secular world-view (in other traditions, such as the Abrahamic religions it is sanctioned by God) 

A good reference for all the aesthetics of this is the book The Triumph of Anti-Art: Conceptual and Performance Art in the Formation of Post-Modernism by the Art Critic & Classicist McEvilley. 

Note - there is no time dimension to this theorem. Its modelling what happens on the day of voting in an election. 

To talk. One thing is certain, that Life flies