Stoicfury's comments point out the following fact: we do (generally) try to respect the wishes of people even when the effects extend past the end of their lives. Wills, funeral arrangements, keeping, say a personal oath of secrecy (the usual don't tell anybody about this type of thing), are examples of exactly this kind of thing. I do not view this as providing rights to the deceased, it is merely that one's ethical obligations don't magically disappear someone else's death. This answer addresses one facet of a bot autonomously participating in SE; there are certainly ways that a bot acting in coordination with a person, could fulfill the TOS but I don't interpret that as the thrust of the question. Edit to add another (better?) phrasing 

Suppose I set up a suitably elaborated theory of ethics, and I find that gratuitous murder is perfectly acceptable. This seems like a good reason to reject that theory of ethics, i.e. it seems that matching at least some basic moral intutions is a requirement of any ethical theory. I tend to interpret Quine's conclusion in terms of the readers' side of things: in order to interpret even the most basic, small facet of a scientific result, you need to impose a big background of theory. For an obvious example, take the report that the Higgs Boson has a mass of XXX +/- YYY GeV/c^2; huge amounts of background knowledge are required to even make sense of this one reported number. Even something as basic as "we measured the thickness to be ZZZ mm with calipers" implies a theory that the thickness of the whatever (as opposed to say, its surface roughness) is the salient factor in this context. Similar considerations affect the practitioners' reporting: they can't provide all of the background information so they need to assume (usually implicitly) that the reader will interpret their results in the light of a commonly held theory. This then pushes back into what practitioners actually do: if I can't sensibly communicate it within the theoretical constructs of my scientific community, then it's not worth doing (or if I do it, I'll end up being outside my scientific community). There is no substantive ethical theory implemented in the US constitution. By 'substantive ethical theory' I mean a theory that says "an act is good if and only if . . . " To evaluate the cogency of MacIntyre's claim goes beyond what can be done in an SE answer--you'd need to read his account of those attempts and decide for yourself whether his negative evaluation is warranted. 

Alasdair MacIntyre is a famous critic of rights. See his book "After Virtue": 

edit: also generally marxist theorists are critical of human rights discourse, seeing it as a bourgeois ruse to deny equality to the proletariat. Look at Rawls as the best expression of the kind of ethos implicit in the American legal system as it has developed over the last century. Not only do we not need substantive views about the nature of moral goodness, encoding those in law would be positively harmful, since it would license certain kinds of discrimination, such as wracked Europe during the wars on religion. 

The best reason for asserting so bluntly that there are no such rights is indeed of precisely the same type as the best reason we have for asserting that there are no witches and the best reason we have for asserting that there are no unicorns: every attempt to believe that there are such rights has failed. (p. 69) (1) He is a sea-captain. (2) Therefore, he should do whatever a sea-captain should do. 

You might argue the US constitution embodies a social contract position, since (at least some versions of) social contract theories say that you don't need a substantive ethical theory to serve as the basis of legality or political authority. The reason social contract theory is not supposed to endorse substantive views about the good is that it's supposed to be relying upon self-interest. You're reason for wanting not to persecute heretics is that you don't want to get persecuted yourself, not because you think there is some deep moral code against doing so. 

An arbitrary taboo holds back research into a field that would/could provide significant human benefit. An arbitrary taboo holds back research into a field that will cause significant human harm. An arbitrary taboo holds back research that is just a waste of time (i.e. the only cost is an opportunity cost one, we could have used the resources better) In terms of act utilitarianism, these three cases represent different moral outcomes. Given that all three of these possibilities seem possible at the outset, it is hard to try to formulate the decision in a more rule-based (rule utilitarianism) way. We are legally obligated to honour the legal obligations imposed on us by the government, but are only morally bound to execute our moral obligations. To the extent that the legal obligations coincide with moral ones, we are morally bound to execute them, to the extent that they don't, we are not morally obligated to execute these immoral, yet legally imposed, ones. Who has explicitly addressed the problem as to when to decide to allow for a specific ethical theory to deviate from common-sense moral intuitions? 

With that in mind, let us suppose that person A creates and hosts an online Q&A community. Person B writes a question. Person C answers said question. Person D reads the question and answer, and develops and commercializes a product based on C's answer. Now, as I said, all this changes if there are explicit contractual obligations specified: but these would need to be accepted by the recipients of the information prior to receiving the information-- which means that we are not speaking about general publication any more. First of all, let's set aside any legal implications for now, as those are questions best answered by lawyers (and will likely vary across jurisdictions, etc.) and focus purely on the ethical. 

So, when it comes to matters of whether or not it is permissible to drink alcohol, or eat pork or beef, etc., it is prudent to defer to local customs. This does not mean, however, that we need to look the other way in cases of torture or genocide.