The vast majority of road bikes for the last 25-30ish years use short reach brakes. They're essentially the default for road bikes. This has led to a situation where many people are unfamiliar with anything else and use incorrect and confusing language, calling short reach brakes "standard" and brakes in the 47-57mm-ish group like you probably need "long". Pretty much the only reasonably fixable problem the lever might have is at the bleed port. If that's where the fluid is coming out, you can check that the o-ring underneath the screw is in good shape and sitting in there in the right place, and the bleed screw is tight. You could also check the bolt on the side of the lever, which normally isn't touched. The idea is that it keeps the dirt and water that would otherwise get kicked on to the cable from getting worked into the noodle, contaminating the cable system and causing friction, corrosion, and poor brake feel. The first thing to do with any problem of this nature is to try pushing the pistons back in (after cleaning the outside if needed) and re-adjusting the caliper centering. Pistons that have somehow gotten pushed out too far can cause all the problems you're having. Some good tools to do this are a tire lever or an 8mm box wrench against the piston faces directly, or a degreased cone wrench, table knife, etc against the pads. It can help to slightly lubricate the pistons first with whatever fluid the system uses (DOT 3/4 fluid in this case) after cleaning them, in case drag when passing through the caliper seals is causing retraction issues. Pads like these are cheap to produce and last a very, very long time. I'm a heavy rider, and I have a set of these I got NOS on a bike that gets moderate use in all conditions that I've had for maybe 8 years now and the pads are about 1/3 worn. There are some theoretical arguments why grooves might help braking or prolong rim life, but I can endo the brake just fine and my rims aren't getting trashed. Many millions of pads of this design have given totally satisfactory performance. There isn't any internal/rebuild spare parts support for brakes like this. A complete new M290 brake is about $35US online, and that comes with a rotor and fresh pads, so just replacing the whole thing is the usual plan if there seem to be seal leaks or other internal parts issues. Sometimes manufacturers make it difficult to track down the number. SRAM/Rockshox only sticks it in their giant tech spec pdfs as far as I know. There's a rubber cable doughnut or three caught in a housing stop getting gradually squished more and more. Auriga M290s are generally pretty good and trouble-free but they do bite it sometimes. They're one of the most populous lower end hydros out there, but are mostly an OEM part so you won't necessarily see it listed in product lineups. Other possible causes of the cable slackening issue: The 47-57 class was common on older road bikes and is used sometimes (never as much as it should be) to make caliper brake road bikes that can take wider tires and/or fenders. That's mostly over now though because disc brakes have more or less become the norm in that genre. You can also check that the hose connections are tight and the hose is undamaged. Especially if the bike hangs, oil that leaks out somewhere on the hose could make its way to the lever. Post mount has increasingly become the norm, probably because it's simpler, cheaper, and inherently more structurally efficient. Other solutions where the reach should be good but that probably won't work very well with a narrow road rim: Odyssey Pitbull and Pitbull 2 roller-cam brakes, or a 990/u-brake adapter and a standard modern BMX u-brake.