This answer feels too abstract; so could someone please concretise or reify it? I am conjecturing that a) is incorrect because they can be performed by humans and so are Phenomenal. But as 1 and 2 appear to contradict each other, I question whether 3 is a posteriori. Why need I any visual experience of reudh, or any colour, to understand 3? If, never having seen reudh, I am told that 'rouge' means the exact same thing as 'red', then I will have understood the equivalence of the nouns 'red' and 'rouge' (though I still will not know how reubh appears). A student (who reveals his name as Patrick, at the 52:45 interval) asks: A novice, I do not feel prepared yet to, but shall in future, read Kant; please tell me if Kant's originals answer my question. Source: p 256, Think: A Compelling Introduction to Philosophy (1 ed, 1999) by Simon Blackburn I do not feel prepared yet to tackle Kant; so I do not know if this allegory in 1 originates from Kant or the author Dr Warburton. Only so can we get a concept of ourselves as moving amongst an independent world of objects situated in a space. How does Kant use this insight to surmount the impasse left by the tradition from Descartes onwards?   Part of Kant's achievement was seeing that Locke is involved in an untenable conception of understanding. For Locke the paradigm of understanding would be to have something in the mind that "resembles" the features of things that cause it, like a picture. Berkeley shared this ideal. True, he thought that the resemblance could not really obtain ("An idea can resemble nothing but another idea"). But he drew the consequence that we only understand the world of our own ideas. The answer key (on p 220) states (b) as the only answer. But is this correct? Footnote: Am I right that I'm appealing to consequentialism in the last sentence above? As to the more general question: Is it possible in Kant's view to conduct history as a science on a geological/development scale? – The answer is yes. Finally, then, the productive sciences are mainly crafts aimed at the production of artefacts, or of human productions more broadly construed. The productive sciences include, among others, ship-building, agriculture, and medicine, but also the arts of music, theatre, and dance. Another form of productive science is rhetoric, which treats the principles of speech-making appropriate to various forensic and persuasive settings, including centrally political assemblies. Against this position, Kant employes TD to prove that certain apriori concepts do correctly apply to objects featured in our experience, i.e. that such apriori concepts have objective validity after all. In doing so, Kant doesn't counter Hume's point, he actually concedes that apriori concepts cannot be derived from sensory experiences. He does, however, object to Hume's conclusion that a priori concepts therefore cannot apply to the objects of experience at all. To block this conclusion, Kant needs to show that there's another, non-empirical way in which apriori concepts can correctly apply to experience and achieve objective validity. This alternative way is through a transcendental argument, see the outline above. Only so can we get a concept of ourselves as moving amongst an independent world of objects situated in a space. How does Kant use this insight to surmount the impasse left by the tradition from Descartes onwards?   Part of Kant's achievement was seeing that Locke is involved in an untenable conception of understanding. For Locke the paradigm of understanding would be to have something in the mind that "resembles" the features of things that cause it, like a picture. Berkeley shared this ideal. True, he thought that the resemblance could not really obtain ("An idea can resemble nothing but another idea"). But he drew the consequence that we only understand the world of our own ideas. Source: p 114, A Little History of Philosophy (2011 ed; but 2012 Reprint ed extant) by Nigel Warburton PhD in Philosophy (Cambridge) A student (who reveals his name as Patrick, at the 52:45 interval) asks: I do not feel prepared yet to tackle Kant; so I do not know if this allegory in 1 originates from Kant or the author Dr Warburton. The answer key (on p 220) states (b) as the only answer. But is this correct? As to the more general question: Is it possible in Kant's view to conduct history as a science on a geological/development scale? – The answer is yes. Your understanding of transcendental deduction (TD) is much broader than how Kant actually employs the term in his Critique of Pure Reason (CPR). TD is a much smaller step in Kant's outline of his transcendental philosophy. Finally, then, the productive sciences are mainly crafts aimed at the production of artefacts, or of human productions more broadly construed. The productive sciences include, among others, ship-building, agriculture, and medicine, but also the arts of music, theatre, and dance. Another form of productive science is rhetoric, which treats the principles of speech-making appropriate to various forensic and persuasive settings, including centrally political assemblies. Kant was acquainted with so-called natural history his time, i.e. the work of Linnaeus and Buffon. Kant introduced an important distinction between "description of nature" (Naturbeschreibung) and "history of nature" (Naturgeschichte). Only the second can aspire to be science proper. As Kant writes, it is important to stress that this is exactly not Kant's point. The opposite is the case: TD itself is the verification! – The "proof" that his categories apply to the objects of experience is exactly what Kant tries to achieve through TD. This paper contains a more detailed discussion: This is why Kant employes a deduction. Kant's "deduction" is not used in the modern sense, but in a way used in German legal language at the time. Here Deduktion meant a proof of the quid iuris (the matter of the law) in opposition to the quid facti (the matter of the fact). As Kant's argument does not involve the rule of law in a literal sense, the analogy that he tries to convey is about a legitimate source of justification not concerned with establishing matters of fact.