34 “Be careful, or your hearts will be weighed down with carousing, drunkenness and the anxieties of life, and that day will close on you suddenly like a trap. 35 For it will come on all those who live on the face of the whole earth. 36 Be always on the watch, and pray that you may be able to escape all that is about to happen, and that you may be able to stand before the Son of Man.” 

41 Two women shall be grinding at the mill; the one shall be taken, and the other left. 

3 From twenty years old and upward, all that are able to go forth to war in Israel: thou and Aaron shall number them by their armies. 

However, I will agree that there is often a need to choose between the lesser of two evils. I have difficulty with this because of James 2:10 (KJV) 

How this equates to a "soul tie" is unclear to me, but to the adherents, it seems to implicitly make sense. 

I understand the traditional theology of omnipotence to be that God can do anything He wills, and that his omnipotence is thereby limited to His nature. In other words, saying that God can do anything does not imply that He can lie or sin. For example: 

So, when is it okay to assist in choosing death? Well, first of all, if we assume the morality of the chooser's choosing, then I don't think the assistance should be categorized as a sin. I don't believe it falls under murder, as the motivation is love, rather than hate. In the same way, an accidental killing is not murder (i.e., a car crash), because the spirit of the law is concerned with our intentions, and our heart (Matthew 5:21-22). 

So, what are some examples of Christians choosing death, where the benefit of death outweighed the cost? 

So this leads me to a question: What is the Biblical basis for the doctrine that God's omnipotence means that he cannot act against his nature? Would it perhaps be more correct to say that he will not act against his nature? 

I have heard a couple of "biblical" arguments against Global Warming. One is an appeal to God's promise that never again would a global flood destroy all life: 

Of course, this is ludicrous, as global warming advocates do not actually predict a global flood. Another argument, used by a Senator Inhofe is to reference God's promise to sustain the seasons: 

I'd argue that the principle at work in whether choosing death is moral is whether the benefit of death outweighs the cost. 

Now, some might argue that Jesus knew he would be resurrected, and thus was not choosing death. But don't we as Christians have that same assurance? As Christians, death is not the end. In fact, it is far better to die and be with Christ, but we ought to remain when the cost of death outweighs the benefit. 

This is also ludicrous, as global warming advocates do not actually predict cold/heat or summer/winter to cease. 

But generally, it depends on tons of factors, such as the amount of suffering one is in, the remaining time left in life, the possible benefit one might have to others, etc. Christians should prayerfully examine their own hearts when making such a decision, and remember the importance of loving others in their decision. We shouldn't automatically choose death, simply to escape suffering, when our life may benefit others or further the gospel. Rather we can count our current suffering as joy, knowing that we are choosing it for the sake of love and the gospel, and we will surely be rewarded. 

According to the answer, Hebrews 6:18 does not necessarily mean that God cannot lie - only that He won't. 

From a doctrinal perspective, there is no one answer. 

The specific day of the week isn't mentioned in Scripture, but you can imply from Scripture that we should assemble regularly, so they're not un-Scriptural. 

30 And then shall appear the sign of the Son of man in heaven: and then shall all the tribes of the earth mourn, and they shall see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with power and great glory. 

40 Then shall two be in the field; the one shall be taken, and the other left. 

43 But know this, that if the goodman of the house had known in what watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would not have suffered his house to be broken up. 

33 So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors. 

However, we don't live in a perfect world, and I understand that sometimes we need to choose between two evils out of necessity. We may need to lie to save a life, as some of the other answers point out. 

2 And Jesus said unto them, See ye not all these things? verily I say unto you, There shall not be left here one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down. 

A Biblical statement is simple. The Bible says "Thou shalt" or "thou shalt not". (Example: Theft - thou shalt not steal) 

6 And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet. 

Medically speaking, it's a matter for your doctor to discuss with you. 

As for the influence it's had in recent years: 

20 And they did all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the fragments that remained twelve baskets full. 

3 And as he sat upon the mount of Olives, the disciples came unto him privately, saying, Tell us, when shall these things be? and what shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world? 

Often the line between conviction and preference is blurry. Many preferences can be loosely based on Scriptural understanding, and some convictions are based more on personal belief than the Word.