Rotation - To keep the quicker bowlers fresh, Australian selectors have been following this policy of rotation. The need for rotation is even more relevant in keeping young guns like Pat Cummins, Mitchell Starc and James Pattinson, injury free. Making Siddle a test-specialist would give him ample time to recover when the itinerary hits the ODI and T20 period. 

Consider a scenario where a fielder is chasing a ball that is running away to the boundary. He puts in a dive, gets a hand to the ball but it runs over the boundary ropes. The umpire signals a boundary and 4 runs are awarded to the batting side. 

(b) If a batsman retires for any reason other than as in (a) above, he may resume his innings only with the consent of the opposing captain. If for any reason he does not resume his innings it is to be recorded as ‘Retired - out’. The exact reason for this could only be given by the Australian selectors, but I can speculate and think of the below reasons: Dew affects the bowling team majorly. A wet ball is harder to grip, thereby putting bowlers to a disadvantage. This is most notable in finger-spin bowlers who depend on gripping the ball to get the required amount of turn. Additionally, due to lack of grip, it is harder for the bowlers to maintain the desired line+length as compared to a non-dew environment. Question - What is the result of the match? 

Both team captains have to give a list of three batsmen and a bowler from their team to the umpire. These 4 players from each team will participate in the super over. The chasing team at the end of the T20 game will bat first in the super-over. A batsman may retire at any time during his innings when the ball is dead. The umpires, before allowing play to proceed shall be informed of the reason for a batsman retiring. 

Appendix 7.5 of the IPL playing conditions states, Considering that the balls used in indoor cricket are lighter than the actual leather balls used in outdoor cricket, the above tips might be of help. It takes a bit of practice and knowledge of the places where you can pitch the ball which can help you as you go along. This generally comes with experience. So, I guess the answer would be to play and learn as you go along with each practice session or match and thereby fine-tuning your bowling strengths to indoor cricket bowling. The adjustment I try to make during bowling with a tennis ball is to knock off the pace for beginners, which forces genuine batsmen to use all their power in getting the ball over the infield or to the boundary. To tail-enders and players who find batting hard, I bowl with full speed which gives them less time to adjust to a particular shot, thereby increasing my changes of getting a wicket. The other adjustment is with the length. As there is no swing with a tennis ball, I drop try to pitch the ball on the short of length spot. This is basically to prevent the batsman from freely swinging his arms to a length/half volley ball. However, the margin of error in tennis ball is very less. Bowl a little forward, the batsman swings you over long-on/off. Drop the ball short and the ball literally stops and stands to be hit over cover or mid-wicket or hooked to the square-leg boundary. Apart from this, variety (quicker/slower deliveries, off/leg cutters, etc) also keeps batsman guessing as to what will come next and increases a chance of a dismissal. 

If you are aware of the ICC rules or the possible outcome of the game, please explain with reasons. Thanks! 

Find below the current RCB Net Run Rate (0.47) and the break-up of how the figure has been arrived at considering all the games that they have played till now. 

Retired out: If a batsman retired without the umpire's consent and if he does not have permission from the opposing captain, then he is considered 'Retired-out'. This is considered as a dismissal. Only two batsmen have retired out in an international cricket Test match. Both instances occurred in the same match, with the Sri Lankan batsmen Marvan Atapattu and Mahela Jayawardene retiring out. How many runs will the batting side be awarded in this scenario? Probably, this is why they call cricket a gentleman's game. Now, consider a scenario where two fielders are chasing a ball that is running away to the boundary. The first fielder slides, stops the ball and passes it to the second fielder who throws it back to the wicket keeper. The batting side is only awarded the number of runs that they run between the wickets. 

As per the normal playing conditions, the bowling captain can replace an injured bowler with another bowler of his choice. This would apply to the super-over as well and a new bowler will bowl the remaining balls of the over.