There is one mechanism currently that discourages too many answers on one question, and that is the autocommunitywikification after 30 (on some sites only 15) answers. This is an ugly and ineffective hack that abuses the CW feature solely for its reputation denial. It could be something like this All publicly launched sites should be included in the Data Explorer, there are more beta sites than launched sites in existence right now and excluding them does not really make any sense anymore. To prevent bad answers from blocking a spot, it could be also designed in a way that negatively voted answers would be pushed out by new answers, or other similar mechanisms. We now also have some locking reasons, ignoring the historical significance reason as it isn't relevant here, they are the following: http://eutils.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/eutils/esearch.fcgi?db=pubmed&term=10.1038/nature10974[AID] One option I imagine that might work would be to disable the bumping after 10 edits by the owner of the post (instead of making it CW), but not disable it if someone else edits it. This may leave vandalism of own posts with more than 10 edits less noticeable. But that might not be that large of a problem, as long as the automatic vandalism detection flags work reasonably well. Rage-quitting users usually vandalize more than one post, so it should still be detectable. Those sites don't appear more often because they are inherently more interesting, but because they have certain voting and answering patterns that favor them in the hot questions algorithm. I would argue that the goal of the hot questions list is to present questions from a large variety of SE sites to the whole network, and to show possibly interesting questions to users that would not have found them otherwise. I think it would be useful to provide direct feedback on failed migrations. Obviously, a perfect SE citizen would be observant enough to notice when his migrations are rejected often, but I would guess that most users don't closely monitor the state of questions they voted to migrate. Automatic conversion after 10 edits: This would make using those locks less disruptive, and more useful to moderators. Any automatic detection of major changes would be easy to trick. Shuffling paragraphs around, adding meaningless gibberish would not be easily detectable automatically. There should probably be a reputation limit on this power, I'd say 3k as I would rate that responsibility similar to close votes. Moderators could get deciding votes there, as they already get for close votes. So what I imagine is a "This is a sock puppet of user x" button in the mod menu. This button would invalidate votes (pending SE approval, as mods can't do that), probably transfer ownership of all content to the sock puppeteer and delete the account (a reversible deletion might be nice, but probably too complicated to implement). It would explicitly not transfer OpenID logins or any other profile information. The idea is that the process is at least somewhat reversible and safe, that it can't accidentally expose a users account to another user. Community wiki is one of the most misunderstood and misused features of the SE network. The original purpose of CW was to enable collaboration on a post, it reduces the reputation needed for editing and results in collective authorship of the post instead of having an individual author. My take on this practice was always that you were free to bump your questions, but the edits should actually be reasonably substantial. They should ideally represent your continuing efforts of solving the problem yourself and add more information to your question. So in this regard I think the change would actually be positive as it would encourage users to make more substantial changes when they want to bump their questions. It can be obviously gamed by just making some rearrangements in the question to fake a substantial edit, but the current system has even less protection against gaming it, the only one is the automatic CW conversion. One might also split the statistic into active users and passive users, who only read the site, but do so regularly. Non-technical discussions are allowed on SO chat, there is no requirement to chat only about programming there. http://eutils.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/eutils/efetch.fcgi?db=pubmed&id=22522933 To achieve this goal, the spots in the hot questions list should be distributed among all SE sites. The algorithm should try to get a good sampling of all sites, and it should try to normalize the results for varying voting behaviour. At the moment, sites that intrinsically get more votes and more answers per question seem favored in the algorithm. What SE should do in my opinion to improve the transparency of the graduation process and to clear up some common misconceptions about it is the following: But there are certain behaviours on chat that aren't appropriate, if you see any abusive or disruptive behaviour you should flag this for moderator attention. Spam/Offensive flags are anonymous, the users deciding on the flag don't get to see who cast them. Moderator flags aren't anonymous, but only SO mods can see who cast them. Bumping to the frontpage is also not the most efficient way of ensuring that edits get reviewed. To actually see what was changed in an edit you have to explicitly click on the edit history, something I suspect most users generally don't do. So if an edit makes a post just slightly worse, but doesn't deface it completely, it might be easily missed by the users looking at the post.