"All players on a Major League Baseball team's 40-man roster, regardless of other eligibility factors, are "protected" and ineligible for the Rule 5 Draft." 

But might some teams choose A (two home games to qualify) over C (one road game)? Perhaps someone with a large home media market like the New York Yankees or Mets? (Neither are candidates this year.) Or perhaps a team that plays WAY better at home than on the road? 

That is, if a pitcher gave up no home runs and no walks, and struck out no one, his ERA would be 3.00, because there would be about 12 hits (and 27 outs) in a game, yielding three runs (on average). Apart from batting out of order, the answer is no. 

My understanding is that if the home team is leading when the game is interrupted during the bottom of the fifth or later, the rest of the game isn't played, and the home team gets the win. The idea is to prevent teams from "warehousing" players that have at least 4-5 years of minor league experience (depending on the age they were signed). By that time, a player should be "on his way" to the majors. If he leaves at the end of an inning, the starting pitcher is the "pitcher of record" in the half inning after he leaves, when his team is batting. If his team scored the fifth run during this half inning, he gets the win; otherwise the relief pitcher does. "Players who were signed when they were 19 or older and have played in professional baseball for four years are eligible, as are players who were signed at 18 and have played for five years." Other sports such as football and basketball don't have such a clear separation of offensive and defensive "rounds." (In those sports, unlike baseball, it is possible for a defender to "run back" the ball for a touchdown or basket.) Could this separation of offense and defense be what lends a home field advantage in baseball? Pittsburgh has two left handed relievers who have worked one inning in each of the two previous games, but only a total of three innings each in the previous week. Why not use one, or even both lefties to get the last two outs? Most batters have trouble hitting "inside." (That is between themselves and the plate, meaning from the left side of the plate for a right-handed batter, and the right side for a left-hander.) Say the game is tied at the end of the eigth inning, and the visiting team scores x runs in the TOP of the ninth. The home team knows that it needs to score exactly X runs to tie, and x+1 runs to win. It can manage it "bench" in the bottom of the ninth for maximum effect. On the other hand, if the visiting team has a one run lead in the top of the ninth, it must wonder, is that enough? Can we save the bench for tomorrow, or do we need to "pile on," now? Likewise, the visiting team has to make a decision in the bottom of the ninth whether to use as many pitchers as it takes to stop the tying run, or save relievers for an extra inning game.