It is also important to wipe front to back, not back to front as the bacteria that further back can infect the ureter - when it is time for her to learn to wipe herself this will be important to teach her then too. 

Lastly, at age 2 and younger, most kids really only engage in parallel play anyway so specific socialization with other kids of the same age doesn't begin in earnest for kids until about age three or four when they begin to develop the ability to "pretend" and starting actually playing with, instead of next to, others. For this reason, I encourage you not to stress over the matter too much, but keep it mind and also know that any outing (even to the grocery store) as well as moments they have about learning "manners" interacting with you and other family members and especially in relation to relating to and empathizing with one another are also moments when they are learning social skills. Especially as they move into ages three and four, the more you can sit down together to eat dinner together, the better off they will be even if it is just the four of you in terms of many social skills and in building a conversive relationship with you - the most important people in their socialization - mom and dad. 

I believe in listening to doctor's advice!! However, Doctors are humans and do make mistakes too Therefore, I strongly recommend, getting a second opinion Find a doctor with whom you are comfortable enough to ask questions and who will then give you answers. The book I recommend is by Suzy Giordano and although we did not use this method with our daughter, I know a family that has used it successfully with two baby boys quite well. The book goes over what is going on with kids at each age-level and what to do depending on the month range your child falls under. It is respectful of baby AND parents and from what I've seen works really well. It isn't as harsh as various "cry it out" methods I've seen even though there is an element of this after six months (but it really is a lot less painful with the pre-training that is offered up at the earlier ages. Cognitive Social Emotional (sometimes this is combined with #2) Physical (which includes mobility but mostly fine and gross motor skills in general) Visual Aural Oral (This doesn't just include language, but also eating and the ability to properly manipulate the mouth/tongue which will influence language development) Technically, 5 and 6 aren't true milestones, but from my own experience I truly believe that these two things are important enough to warrant a separate point. Before we got C's new RGP lenses, she was starting to get well behind on her development, but as soon as we changed she began hitting milestones like crazy and is completely caught up. The same is true with her language development. We had a really hard time with ear infections for a few months, and a couple of weeks after we had tubes put in her vocabulary just exploded. I can't prove that the tubes were the primary reason for that...it might just be that she was due for a vocab explosion anyway, but I don't believe it's a coincidence. I've listed a couple of websites below with some good general milestones (but it seems like every website has a different list). 

Use a humidifier. Don't let salt or chlorine dry on the skin. In case you visit a local pool or something. Protect your baby's skin from the elements. Make sure when you take her out that she's thoroughly covered and protected from the wind and cold. ETA: As for her dandruff: She probably has cradle cap which is an incredibly common condition. Both my kids had it. It's really hard to get rid of altogether, but you can sort of minimize it. When I washed my kid's hair, I would take a really soft baby brush and sort of massage their scalp in circular motions while the shampoo was still in their hair. This will help loosen some of the dry skin and you can just rinse it away. It probably won't get rid of it 100%, but it should help. I've also heard you can use olive oil to do this, and once I got really desperate and used a combination of shampoo and baby oil on my daughter's scalp, but it took FOREVER to get all the oil out of her hair. There are also some cradle cap shampoos you can buy at any big box store if some of the home remedies don't help. If it's REALLY bad and none of this helps, then you should probably talk to your doctor about it. 

You can find lots of variety on your local Amazon site. On the other hand, sometimes significant fees for infants are actually worth it; I've seen hotel and resort offers where everything you'd need for the baby is included, from bibs and baby food, over high-chairs and cribs, to wireless long-range baby monitors and professional babysitting. In some of these cases, this would actually be cheaper than arranging it on your own. Except diapers and baby wipes. We had to bring our own. Not a problem though. When he's sitting in a jumper, he's effectively sitting down and doesn't have enough weight on his feet to learn much from it. This is not good. As long as the baby has not developed enough muscular strength in the neck to lift the head when lying belly-down on a floor/bed, the head must also be adequately supported. All carriers I've seen handle this well so it's not an important selection criteria but it must be paid attention to while wearing the carrier. The move will have essentially zero social impact (neighborhood, playground, friends, kindergarten, etc.) because the house will be within walking distance of the old apartment but any move is a big change and "A" has a significant aversion to change. Every toddler benefits from solid routines and structure – "A" very much so but not quite to an autistic degree. Still, change is difficult, and he is not old enough that we can rationally discuss options and opinions with him.