(And it should be noted that in the OP states his tires are "bald" in 500 miles -- a very short distance. Unless he'd been like a kid laying rubber with the brakes, the tires in question likely have a center strip that is essentially tread-free to start with. This is a common design to minimize rolling resistance.) 

The bogus nerve activation situation can occur because of some sort of nerve irritation, or due to one of several somewhat rare and rather serious medical conditions. Given that the latter are unlikely, nerve irritation -- either in the spine or where the nerves pass through the piriformis muscle in the butt -- would be the possibility to be concerned with. But if you had this you'd likely be complaining of "electric" sensations running down the leg. The main distinguishing characteristics of such bikes are that they have a more "aggressive" riding position, a lighter-weight frame, and skinny tires. They'll also usually have "drop" handlebars, but that's true of many bikes in other categories. 

Next, try to increase your top end gear inches. A larger front sprocket and/or smaller rear cluster. You will almost certainly need to change your chain length for this, and might run into a tooth capacity problem with your rear derailer, depending on how you do it. 

As to the bike, such conditions would tend to be rough on a carbon frame or exotic rims, but a bike of more ordinary construction (if you can find one anymore) should not experience extraordinary wear/fatigue. You'd want a bike, first and foremost, with sturdy rims -- 32 spoke if possible, and at least 28. And you should probably stay away from super-narrow tires. To "reset" the muscle the calcium must be "pumped" out of the cells and energy (glucose converted to ATP) must be used to mechanically re-extend the muscle fiber. 

The two likely causes of this inability to reset are a failure of the calcium "pump" and the simple absence of sufficient energy to do the reset. This can be more than a simply unpleasant situation, since if a muscle cell is fully "depolarized" for long enough (more than a minute or so) it dies. (Thankfully, this full depolarization occurs fairly rarely in healthy individuals, though it's not uncommon in football "boot camps" when run by clueless coaches.) 

In particular, when major muscles are being exercised to the max and the body is running low on electrolytes, it will "borrow" them from muscles that are not being so vigorously exercised. So you may experience, eg, cramps of the muscles along the inside of the legs, even though you're not exercising those muscles to any significant degree. (But you might also experience cramps of the muscles you ARE exercising vigorously, depending on a number of factors.) 

On a rougher road it's more efficient if the tires have enough "give" to "levitate" you over the smaller bumps, so that you're not using a lot of your energy to make the bike bump up and down. A significant amount of energy can be lost (in addition to the wear and tear on the cyclist) due to bouncing the cyclist up and down over bumps. 

All of those characteristics make it harder to ride on rough, uneven pavement, and the skinny tires can make it impossible to ride on really loose gravel. But it's certainly possible to ride on ordinary "broken pavement", if you exercise a little care.