That 47 magic number is the key, in a 6-max table the actual number of cards left in the deck is 37, as ten other cards have been dealt to the other players but to calculate the odds you're including that as if those cards were still in the deck and the effect is exactly the same. You could calculate it as: Of course one thing that DO change the odds is the way the hand has been played. I find a dice is complex enough, a coin flip is to simple, but not too much (as a 52 card deck) and most people have an intuitive understanding of the math and the probability involved. You can then repeat the exercise with 10, 20, 30 and 50 throws to show how every time it's more difficult for them to lose money. Then you can expand on how, the more you play, the better the chance of making money and compare that to poker... Even if a specific dice roll lost you money in the long run you expect to win money. Tell them you're going to play 5 rounds and what they expect in terms of money won / lost. Then play the game and compare the results to their estimation. The second formula is equivalent to the first (produces the same results) but it's harder to calculate so we use the first. If I tell you, you have 16 outs to win... are you ahead or are you most likely dead? You don't know, 16 outs means you're ahead in the flop but you're not in the river and you're definitevely drawing dead in the national lotery... with the same outs. We're so familiar with counting outs that we forget about the implicit information: the game and the street. What you really did was (by means of a simple rule that gives approximate results) was the probability of getting one of those cards by taking 2 random cards out of a deck of 47 cards, 47! What's really important though it's the odds of winning and that DOES take into account the already dealt cards. You can't adjust the "outs" because you don't have enough information (that's what poker is, a game of incomplete information) but that's perfectly ok because the outs themselves do mean absolutely nothing.