Congress granted Texas the right to split itself into several states without any further action by Congress. In Vermont the state constitution that had already been in effect for years simply continued in effect with no changes at all when the state was admitted, and the governor and other state officers who were already in office under that constitution simply continued their terms of office without even so much as getting sworn in in the manner prescribed by the federal Constitution. (Might something similar have happened in Texas?) Kentucky was a part of Virginia until it became a separate state in 1792. Under Article IV, Section III, this required the consent of the legislature of Virginia, which was given in 1789. (I think governing such an extensive state was expensive and inconvenient and they also wanted more southerners in the U.S. senate.) Strangely, the act of Congress admitting Kentucky was actually passed two weeks before the act admitting Vermont, although Kentucky was not admitted until well over a year after Vermont. Because of New York's claim that Vermont was legally part of New York (although Vermont was under a government that refused to recognize that), Vermont could not be admitted until New York's legislature consented in 1790. Maine could similarly not be admitted (in 1820) without the consent of the legislature of Massachusetts (granted in 1819, I think?) and West Virginia was a strange case, admitted during the Civil War with the consent of some anti-secessionist legislators in Virginia. 

(I'm expecting the answers to be yes (regarding the states) and no (regarding the colonies), but I have no evidence at this time.) 

I've heard many times that the Commerce Clause of the US Constitution was (in part) designed to end tariffs between the thirteen states. Now that I'm trying to learn about those tariffs, I'm having a very hard time finding any information about them at all. 

How about before 1776, between the thirteen colonies? 

From what I've heard, when the Mormons left Illinois in 1846 they hadn't decided where exactly they were going to settle. Did they have some choices they were looking at? Did they have a route they were planning to take? 

I suppose I'm looking for an answer like "They paid a construction company from Omaha to handle the laborers." or "They put an ad in contemporary newspapers in Shanghai.". 

In the building of the various transcontinental railroads in the western US during the late 1800s, how did the railroad companies find workers? 

In December of 1832.. Jackson would issue the following proclamation to South Carolina, raising the spectra of a military confrontation. 

The Democratic nomination convention in 1924 held in New York City was known as the klanbake because so many attendees were klansmen. There absolutely were times and places that being in the klan was a political asset. A significant part of a political machine. 

The sources I've found differentiate Social Realism and Socialist Realism associated in the Soviet Union at around the same time. Different, but related evidently. 

Maybe not as well equipped as Belgium's. Isolationists made note that Germany had just defeated the strongest army in the world in France (contemporary wisdom 1938), and had the second strongest Army the UK on the ropes.. what were we going to do; especially all the way over in Europe. In the history of modern day Europe no foreign military had ever staged a successful invasion of the continent, and the US barely had a military!! This argument given where the US was in 1938 on the outset of WWII, is even today a very logical, historically supported, and thus persuasive argument (give it a listen bellow) even though in hind site it proved to be entirely wrong.