It is up to you, to decide how helpful phenomenology is for you, serving as an introduction to philosophy. 

In 19th century a famous speech was given by Du Bois-Reymond entitled "Limits of our knowledge of nature". Its last passage culminates in confronting "ignoramus"(we do not know) with "ignorabimus" (we will never know). 

His first point is, that we cannot prove general theorems in science, because we always have only finitely many observations. The next observation could refute the statement. Hence Popper gives up proving general theorems in science. 

Hence I would like to change your question to 

Kant - deeply impressed by Newtonian mechanics - claimed that natural science like Newtonian mechanics also disposes of a priori knowledge. See his work Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science (1786). Karl Popper: The Logic of Scientific Discovery (1934) Cyclic model One-sided infinite linear model with fixed begin and open end Two-sided infinite linear model with begin and end open Finite linear model with fixed begin and end. Model 1 occurs in Hindu mythology and in loop quantum cosmology (Bojowald, Martin: Once Before Time: A Whole Story of the Universe. 2010). Model 2 occurs in the Jewish mythology It is also one of the cosmological standard models. Model 3 is one of the cosmological standard models. Today philosophy of nature does not contribute any longer to scientific progress. And philosophy of science exists as a meta-theory, but often it is not taken seriously by working scientists. The necessary component of theism is the concept of one or many gods. These gods have to be worshipped by their beliefers. The beliefers can address the gods by prayers, trying to trigger the actions of the gods into a favourite direction. Hereby the beliefers can build a personal relation to the theirs gods. In general, chemistry works fine with quantum mechanics, see e.g. Pauling, Linus: General Chemistry 1970. One can actually compute the ionization energy, see Chap. 5.2 "Excitation and Ionization Energies". In the second part of this work Kant deals with dynamics. But he does not give a proof of the inverse square law. A widespread interpretation of these results is the Kopenhagen interpretation, which considers QM a complete theory and this type of probability an inherent property of nature. But today this interpretation is continously questioned, e.g. by the many world interpretation according to Everett. The proof goes by showing that models exists which satisfy all axioms but not the parallel postulate. Hence the question came up whether Euclidean geometry is the only geometry to be used in natural science. As we know today thanks to the General Theory of Relativity, near large mass distribution spacetime is curved and not Euclidean. Here Euclidean geometry does not apply. A nice example is gravitation lensing, see 

Zarathustra mocks all cultural achievements of the LAST MAN. The last men made themselves at home in the comfort zone. There is no longer enough chaos in them "to give birth to a dancing star." 

Of course also philosophers are interested in the interpretation of quantum mechanics. But in general, there task is to collect and to survey the interpretations developed by physicists. E.g., see the book by the philosopher of science Esfeld, Michael: La philosophie des sciences. Une introduction (2009) Kant elaborates his metaphysics of natural science in A priori truth is a knowledge obtained before and independent from experience. 

The issue of a priori truth for any kind of science has first been investigated by Aristotle in Book 1 of his Metaphysics. From today's point of view the only a priori truths of science are the rules of logic and the syllogisms of logic: The law of non-contradiction has already been stated by Aristotle. https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Popular_Science_Monthly/Volume_5/May_1874/The_Limits_of_our_Knowledge_of_Nature In many cases the psi-function does not make a deterministic predict about the outcome of a single experiment. It predicts only the probability of all different outcomes when the experiment is repeated several times with the same preparation. The typical example is the decay of an radioactive atom. 

Husserl has published Philosophy as Rigorous Science besides many essays like Ideas Pertaining to a Pure Phenomenology and to a Phenomenological Philosophy with phenomenology already in the title. 

According to important voices from antique Greek culture Homeric Gods have "predictive power", i.e. that they have the capability to make prophecies. The most well known example is the Delphic oracle, an institution attached to the Olympic god Apollon. 

Note. The linked English translation of the German text contains an error. I tried to correct it above. 

The third part of this work, named Metaphysical Foundations of Mechanics, contains the following propositions: 

On the other hand, the differential equations of QM do not deal with observable quantites like position or velocity, but with a certain function, named the psi-function. It took some time until Born proposed to consider the psi-function a probability. Hence On the other hand, Euclid like everybody until the 19th century thought that Euclidean geometry also describes our world. 

May I substitute one word in your question before answering? Scientist do not consider belief in science the right stance on science. Because science does not operate neither by revelation nor by certification by witnesses. All these features are missing in science. 

In any case, present cosmology does not have available a scientific theory about a cause for the universe. And it does not claim so.