In a mathematical/scientific explanation, how/why do the dimples on the surface of the ball provide better aerodynamics for the ball? 

According to Law 6 of the Laws of Cricket, the length of the bat may be no more than 38 in (965 mm) and the width no more than 4.25 in (108 mm). If you wish to cover the blade with tape etc., the covering permitted for standard bats have to be of thickness not exceeding 0.012 in (0.3 mm) before treatment. 

Hint: After tying your laces, stick them into the shoe to avoid getting them caught in and around the pedals. 

If someone could give me an explanation on how the technology actually works that would be awesome. 

When it comes to the handle, it should not exceed 52% of the overall length of the bat. 

Many recommend thin socks or even underarmor-like tights. These allow the skate to be tight on your foot but also allow you to feel where your foot is thus resulting in better performance and control. Some players don't even wear socks with skates. LA Kings goalie Jonathan Quick is rumored to not wear any socks! 

In my opinion, high tops are better because most of them are fire rated and add that extra protection. If you were to burn your ankles, they do not recover well from burn damage. This results in a long and painful recovery time. In a non-fire resistant shoe, the best buy would still be a high top so there is less edge to catch a pedal on. So my answer would obviously be the High-Top. 

I'm not a big golfer, but many people in my family play the sport, so I'm constantly surrounded by golf equipment and lingo. I've always wondered why the golf balls being used have "dimples" on the surface. See in the picture. 

The shoe should feel comfortable when you put it on. It can be a little snug at first, but you know it's going to loosen up a little bit. A driving shoe shouldn't be uncomfortable, but you want it snug enough to do the job. All I can say is to make sure the shoes fit perfectly, for safety's sake. 

The competition regulations (which in FIVB's case also contain 2016 olympic regulations) are quite explicit though (ยง4.4): 

The precise rules for clothing are published by the international sport federations (FIVB for Beach Volleyball, FIG for gymnastics, FINA for Swimming etc.). Typically, they consist of 

In trampoline tumbling and double mini trampoline (ยง6 respectively), the rules are similar to basic trampoline, but in addition, men must wear gym shorts (presumably showing the knee), whereas women may wear long tights. 

Questions in detail You asked a lot of individual questions, which I try to answer here. 

But fear not, there's trampoline with sub-disciplines: 

Not explicitly, but this can follow from gender-specific as well as gender-independent clothing regulations. 

Surprisingly, many other disciplines do not actually have a dress code in their discipline-specific rules. 

In basic trampoline (ยง6), female clothing must be skin-tight. There is no such restriction for the men. On the other hand, the men are not allowed to cover their arms, whereas the women are. 

There are also other clothing articles under these rules, for example covering neck and hair. 

The weight isn't specified, thus out of bounds. 

The racket shall be a frame not exceeding 680 mm in overall length and 230 mm in overall width consisting of the main parts described in Laws 4.1.1 to 4.1.5 as illustrated in Diagram C. 

After that, in paragraph 2 of chapter 4, the following is explicitly mentioned about the racket: 

shall not exceed 280 mm in overall length and 220 mm in overall width. However, the strings may extend into an area which otherwise would be the throat, provided that: 

the overall length of the stringed area does not then exceed 330 mm 

References BWF Profile Hu Yun (BWF) OUE Singapore Open 2015 Yonex Japan Open 2014 

Hu Yun Lately Hu Yun has gotten my attention with his performance in the below mentioned tournaments. He plays with a white Yonex racket. 

On the Badminton World Federation (BWF) website, there are a lot of official documents to be found. 

the width of the extended stringed area does not exceed 35 mm; and 

The document, titled: PART II, SECTION 1 A, LAWS OF BADMINTON, elaborates in chapter 4 on the racket specifications: 

Why does the BWF/IOC chooses an even higher quality shuttlecock, that may only be used during international events like the World Championship and the Olympics? 

Does anybody know the type of racket he plays with?