Secondly, to perfect the Saints by preparing them to receive the ordinances of the gospel and by instruction and discipline to gain exaltation; LDS missionaries are instructed to not go swimming. Commonly, this idea is misunderstood to be for the entire Mormon population, which is untrue. I'm surprised this hasn't been asked here yet. Mormon services are a bit different, as you discovered. In the United States, there is generally a block of 3 meetings back-to-back including a sunday school, a mens' and women's time for instruction, and a sacrament meeting where the general congregation meets together. It sounds like the first meeting you attended was Priesthood meeting where the brothers study the words of scripture and modern Church leaders. Those classes usually have a single instructor each week. [Source] For much more on the topic of temples, what is sacred, and how to treat sacred topics with respect, see the special edition of the Ensign magazine, October 2010 issue. For pictures, try a PDF copy of the issue. Thirdly, to redeem the dead by performing vicarious ordinances of the gospel for those who have lived on the earth. (See Ensign, May 1981, p. 5.) You bolded this part of the cited scripture: The LDS theological view is that God, the Eternal Father, created all spirits, including Jesus the Firstborn, Lucifer, and all the rest of us, as His spirit children. Further, God is a separate being from Jesus and the Holy Ghost, who are all individual personages. And earlier in Chapter 5, Alma is exhorting the people of Zarahemla to follow Christ: Counsel from leaders like a bishop sometimes occur over the pulpit, but usually this is private and individual, based on personal circumstances. The bishop and his counselors are supposed to meet with members regularly in interviews. There is no paid clergy, so all the service is volunteer. This was a bit tricky to think of at first, since the Bible does indeed mention the main, important doctrines. Because of that, the Latter-day Saints use the Bible often in their studies and in church. However, there are many doctrines/principles are explained in the Book of Mormon that the LDS believe are not clear from the Bible alone: When the record describes Christ visiting the Americas, He teaches basically the same Sermon on the Mount that He taught by the Sea of Galilee. And Jesus speaks of the people back in Jerusalem and why He came here to teach them the same gospel in the Americas, too. The innocence of children. The Book of Mormon teaches that little children need no repentance, nor baptism, and that baptizing children is an evil abomination. Children are alive through the Atonement of Christ, and children who die before an age of accountability will be saved. (Moroni 8) While Latter-day Saints respect the beliefs of others, they don't revere or recognize Muhammad as a prophet. 16 And it shall be said in days to come that none is able to go up to the land of Zion upon the waters, but he that is upright in heart. For the same reason that other prophets and apostles were necessary to teach us. They act as the Lord's spokesmen here on the earth, and they teach the doctrine of Christ. 6 And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. Isaiah 5:26-27. (An ensign, or standard, would be lifted up to all nations to gather Israel before the Lord's coming.) To answer a comment, there is no doctrine of reincarnation in LDS theology. Birth to earth (that rhymes) was a one-time event, and after death we will be resurrected but not reincarnated. The whole process of mortality is a one-time process for each of us and mortality is not repeated. Missionaries are given particular instruction to not swim as it isn't consistent with the nature of their call, and there have been accidents -- and the Church doesn't want to have to deal with those issues. John 10:16. (Jesus refers to "other sheep" which would hear His voice. True, the gospel later did go to the Gentiles, but they heard the voice of His prophets and apostles, not His voice directly. These are the people of the Americas, and others. This is made clear in the Book of Mormon, where Jesus visited and ministered to them personally, established His Church on the American continent, and ordained prophets and disciples there, fulfilling all sorts of prophecies.) We learned about agency (the power to choose), which we had before we came here. This included the choice to even come to earth and gain a body, which was God's plan. Those who rejected it followed Lucifer and were damned (stopped in their progression). There are others. This list is not comprehensive, but I hope others will add to this as is proper. It's not an ignorant question. You've touched on something that has great value to Latter-day Saints. Not only has the LDS Church partnered with Ancestry.com and others to make their genealogical records available to church members and developed FamilySearch to organize and collaborate family history research, the LDS Church also has the world's largest collection of genealogical records archived in a huge vault in granite mountains.