To compliment Conifold's answer, here's another way to look at it: Statements about number theory always end up being statements in number theory as well. Take any number theoretical theorem and replace the symbols with numbers using a suitable encoding, and you end up with an equation. Hilary Putnam discussed this in depth in his paper "Is Logic Empirical?", later republished as "The Logic of Quantum Mechanics.". In it he argued that, just as empirical physical results - relativity - forced us to abandon Euclidean geometry, so it is possible that the results of quantum mechanics will force us to abandon classical logic. Indeed, this is the starting assumption that AI and machine learning specialists work off of: The mind is already performing such calculations, the challenge is to reproduce those processes in digital computers. There are many resource, but a good informal one which accessible to mathematicians and non-mathematicians alike is Douglas Hofstadter's "I am a Strange Loop" Chapter 10 - Gödel's Quintessential Strange Loop. Those non-classical logics which have been successful (fuzzy logic, modal logic, intuitionistic logic) are those that extend classical logic, as opposed to replacing it, or at least respect classical truth tables in the limiting case. The mechanism he describes for consciousness and self perception is based purely on formal logic. There is no reason why this ability should be limited to biological brains. In chapter 17, he states that any symbol system isomorphic to the brain's higher symbolic levels should be able to implement (strong) AI. Birkhoff and Von Neuman proposed in the 1930s that the paradoxes of Quantum Mechanics can be explained if we abandoned classical logic and used some form of Quantum logic instead. Such a Quantum logic would change or abandon all together some of the rules of classical logic, and would be a perfect case of logical axioms arrived at by observation. An order relation based definition of God is the basis for the ontological argument: I would dispute that in the example you gave, Paul is doing any form of aggregating or dimensionality reduction. While many factors influence his wellbeing (money, sex life, world peace,…), his wellbeing itself is a simple fact, and when replying to Lisa he is directly answering the question about that simple fact, not summing up the totality of facts that led to it. Boethius, following Aristotle, said the "Speculative sciences may be divided into three kinds: physics, mathematics, and metaphysics.": Orderliness and proper proportion are characteristics of everything that is beautiful. Since math deals with order and proportion, it is no coincidence that music,* can be beautiful. Aristotle's Posterior Analytics bk. 1 ch. 3-4 (72b5) says: Ancients like Boethius and medievals like St. Thomas Aquinas, and logicians like John Poinsot, et al. all considered logic to be an art (the art of reasoning). E.g., Aristotle writes in Metaphysics I (980b26) that “the human race lives by art and reasonings.” St. Thomas Aquinas writes in the proem of his Expositio libri Posteriorum Analyticorum: These are known as the Three Degrees of Abstraction. (cf. "What is the philosophical ground for distinguishing logic and mathematics?") *(Music was a branch of mathematics in the Middle Ages; cf. the Quadrivium: See this for the rest of this Aristotle quotation, followed by St. Thomas Aquinas's commentary on it. Hence why logic should be taught first (Sententia Ethic., lib. 6 l. 7 n. 17 [1211.]): So if you say that the median of the ordered set ..., -3, -2, -1, 0, 1, 2, 3, ... is zero, you're right. And if you say the median is 47, or -119, you're still right! Every number is the median, by the definition of median. You mentioned Riemann integration. That's another good example, because in higher math the Riemann integral is no longer used. There's a more general theory called Lebesgue integration which behaves better. That doesn't mean that we were wrong to "trust" Riemann. Trust really has nothing to do with it. We live in the world as it is. Whether you trust, and what you trust, is up to you. You drive over bridges. Sometimes the bridges fall down. Over the years we learn to make better bridges, never perfect bridges. You'd be foolish to trust all the experts all the time. But you'd be even more foolish to never leave the house for fear of a falling bridge. Someone the other day asked the difference between rationality and logic. Rationality is what lets you drive over a bridge that you know might fall down, even though you can never personally investigate every nut, bolt, and corrupt government contract.