The book The Dacian Threat, by Michael Schmitz discusses this on page 39. Some of the upgrades caused included: 

So in general, the larger ruins were avoided, not occupied. It does also agree that materials were 'repurposed' as you stated above(again from Anglo-Saxon Architecture): This same idea is expressed in another article on Early English Architecture: 

This would indicate that a slave would have to be of such a status that they may have had (or been given) the required fee to make use of the 'public' baths. 

So it appears Maximus was descended from a Carausius, just probably not the Carausius (Marcus Aurelius Mausaeus Valerius Carausius) indicated by wikipedia. We can conclude gypsum was historically used, and fatal consequences were known to occur if misused. It would be only logical to also list any counter-agents, no matter how common or uncommon the need may have been. Think of it as an "in case of poisoning, use this" type of protective instruction. 

You may be thinking of Dacia and their Falx. 

The book also discusses two other lineages, but this seems to be the one relevant to the question. The status and definition of the Roman colonia varied greatly depending upon the timeframe involved. The simplest definitions were during the time of the Roman Republic. The two major forms of colony from 500 BC to 133 BC were the Roman Colony, and the Latin Colony. 

I hope this helps clear up some of the confusion, basically up until the Carteia colony there were pretty simple rules, with two types of colonies. After 133 BC, it became politically defined and assigned at the whim of the Senate. But that's were the simple explanations end. The city you are discussing, Carteia, really is a transition point, and is literally the first colony of its kind. Up to this point the Roman colonies were pretty close to home. Carteia, located near the Straits of Gibraltar, in the then Roman territory of Hispania, was a garrisoned city that had existed since 940 BC. It had been captured by the Romans in 190 BC. We also have historical reference of gypsum being used, with fatal results. So it seems that if a slave had the status to have the entry fee, there was nothing forbidding his use of the baths on a customer level. But the scarcity of records supporting this would seem to indicated that it was not 'the norm'. 

After all, free cut stone for the taking! (This is common everywhere there were ruins, of course, from the Andes to the Pyramids, and to Rome herself during the empire days) 

The falx may have defeated Roman armor more by form and use(as a two-handed weapon) then by superior steel however. 

The view expressed in Apology, does not seem to be held by some later historians however. Gibbon, in his HISTORY OF THE DECLINE AND FALL OF THE ROMAN EMPIRE, discusses this in Chapter XVI: Conduct Towards The Christians, From Nero To Constantine.—Part V: At this point, typical politics took over, and numerous other locations gained colony status, but often mainly as attempts to curry political favor among one group or another, so the clearcut definitions from above become harder to apply. As mentioned in the article on Latin rights, It seems there may be one interesting encounter which is recorded regarding Marcus Aurelius and the Christian population at the time. Marcus gives some credit to prayer by Christians within his forces to an event during his campaign in the north (here from Apology): 

I have to admit the 'freedman' designation apparently given to citizens in Carteia, as it seems different then that of Latin Colony. As mentioned in the wikipedia entry for freedman, freedmen were granted the right to vote, which members of a Latin colony were not. Possible some Roman legalese to infer rights 'after the fact'? Still looking for more on this... Well, I found the tentative link. According to some online genealogies, and repeated in the book The British Chronicles, Volume 1, by David Hughes, pg 128 states (emphasis mine) that: A couple of points can be made concerning Anglo-Saxon 'use' of Roman ruins. If you look at the wiki article on Anglo-Saxon architecture, the general occupation of these areas is mentioned(emphasis mine): 

and this apparently caused a declaration before the Senate : 

A good source which looks at the possibility of slaves as bath customers is the book So, it appears that he experienced what he interpreted as a miraculous intervention, enough that he forbade punishment of Christians merely for their faith. Please note the author of the above document is not Marcus Aurelius himself, but the individual mentioned in the question, Justin Martyr, so this writing is obviously 'biased' from a Christian viewpoint.