For example: currently, the UK has no specific rules on visa requirements for EU citizens, because EU treaties grant freedom of movement. Barring a wider post-Brexit agreement on EU-UK travel, would the UK need to make bilateral deals with individual member states regarding visa-free travel, or can the UK decide on the visa regime per EU member state unilaterally? My question applies to either short-term visas for tourism or business, or longer-term residency visas such as for work. 

The UK government has announced it will leave the EU Single Market. We have been told that unless the UK negotiates a specific trade deal with the EU, trade rules will automatically fall back to WTO rules. We have also been told that the UK wishes for freedom of movement with the EU to end. 

As the United Kingdom leaves the European Union, there is debate as to whether the UK should remain in the EU Customs Union (or in a bilateral customs union with the EU, which I believe is almost the same in practice), or leave so that it can negotiate its own trade treaties. I can understand the arguments in favour of the UK leaving the EU Common Market if it does not want to guarantee the EU Four Freedoms, and I can see some people dislike the European Court of Justice having power to enforce EU law in the UK. But I don't understand the customs union bit. Presumably, a larger block like the EU should be able to negotiate better terms with other parties than a single country like the UK; both because it has more leverage, and because it has more access to experienced and skilled negotiators. But what could be the advantages for the UK to negotiate its own trade treaties, outside of the EU Customs Union? 

Is it possible for the same person to simultaneously be a Member of Parliament in the European Parliament and in a national parliament? Are any people in both parliaments? Or are there regulations that prevent this? 

Trade is only one aspect of a deal between the UK and the EU. If the UK and the EU would fail to negotiate an exit deal before the deadline, is there any default fallback related to visas, tourism, and immigration? 

Yes, de iure, it is possible for the future prime minister to be someone who is determined not to pay attention to the referendum. Because the U.K. Parliament picks the prime minister, it would almost certainly have to mean that a majority of the lawmakers finds this attitude acceptable, too. The only problem is that this politician and those who adopt his or her attitude are flagrantly dismissing the will of the people. It's something not expected in the U.K. which is one of the cradles of democracy, freedom, and capitalism. 

On the other hand, David Cameron is already helping this scenario. The very fact that he wants to avoid the "activation of Article 50" – he doesn't want to send the letter to the European Commission saying that the departure process is being officially started and he wants his successor to do it – means nothing else than the fact that Cameron wants his successor to have the freedom to decide whether the letter is sent at all. 

At the same moment, politically, everyone who matters agrees that the result of the referendum is rather clear and cannot be ignored. 

To summarize, the causal relationship goes exactly in the opposite direction than you suggest. Whether the U.K. is a member or not is an important condition that determines many aspects of the life of the country. It's not true in the opposite direction, as you suggest, that its membership can be "calculated" from the way what the life in the country actually looks like. 

The U.K. voters have voted to be "out" so if their voice will be respected, and that's surely what one expects in this cradle of democracy and capitalism, Britain will be out regardless of all details of the type you mentioned. 

This is probably how the EU officials are really thinking (Merkel seems to be an exception, doesn't insist on speed) but it's highly disputable whether this strategy is realistic. There is a widespread opinion that the EU simply cannot continue along the same path towards ever deeper integration and ever greater arrogance of power that we observed before the referendum. 

The legally expected steps now are the following: At one moment, the British government must send a letter to the European Council or make a speech saying that they formally activate the "Article 50" of the EU treaty (which is about the exit). From that moment, a 2-year window will be dedicated to negotiations. Some majorities of EU countries have to agree with the proposals, and so on. If the agreement isn't completed within the 2-year deadline, the treaties with the U.K. will cease to apply regardless of consequences at that moment of the year 2018.