I've confirmed this to be the case, there are several players from other leagues (Union Association and American Association) that have fewer hits, but it seems their teams played many many fewer games than were scheduled (my baseball history is not strong enough to know why without more research). Pete Schneider for the Cincinnati Reds on July 6th 1918 against the Philadelphia Phillies. What is for sure is that Schneider did give up 13 walks and still managed to take home the victory. Vosberg is the actual answer here, his LL team played in the championship game and his college and pro teams won it all. 

My research also indicates that the all time low water mark is: 

My analysis determines that it's fairly common for a team to have a leader with fewer than one hit per game. It's happened over 250 times since the 162 game schedule was adopted in 1962 (with 4 strike shortened seasons thrown out). Which is an average of about five teams per year. The answer is 13. It has happened twice, once in a 10 inning game, and once in a 9 inning game. The Reds beat the Phillies 10-9 in regulation. Schneider was charged with 6 runs, all in the 9th failing to record an out. The reliever that followed him also failed to record and out. Fred Toney was finally able to come in and get the save. No play by play is available so the exact order of events is unknown. 

The answer to this question is Kaz Matsui in 2004 for the New York Mets with 125 hits. The next best are Tommy Harper of the Seattle Pilots with 126 in 1969, Deon Sanders of the Reds in 1997 with 127. And finally rounding out the top 5 are Lou Whitaker and Luis Polonia For the 89 Tigers and 90 Angels respectively with 128 each. Secondly, the UK has a unique situation where both the constituent countries of the UK and the UK itself have the full status as a country. Politically they chose to be represented by the UK as a whole but it could be otherwise if the chose. This being the case, the countries of the UK have in some cases chosen to be represented as the UK\GB and in others to represent themselves as they see fit. The reasons why some sports went one way and some went the other is probably down to the demographics of the sport, but that's just opinion. 

In other sports like football, there were differing opinions and people from Ireland chose to start a new governing body. The Football Association of Ireland was formed to govern football in Ireland (country) and the Irish Football Association, which had governed the whole country (when it was only one country), became the body for Northern Ireland only. 

I'm sure I've left some holes, but there you go. There's often a bit of confusion about this. 

First of all, this might help: One of the main reasons for confusion is because there's muddling between political names (names of countries) and geographical terms (names of places). 

Ireland is a separate country and represents itself politically and in sports. 

Note: the term "Republic of Ireland" is often used but the correct name for Ireland the nation-state is simply Ireland. 

Since the Good Friday Agreement, citizens of Northern Ireland are entitled to citizenship of the UK, Ireland or both. They are thus entitled to represent either Team Ireland or Team GB in the Olympics. It would have been common before then though. 

Since the first Olympics, the UK has chosen to be represented by one team. Now normally called "Team GB", the correct name would be "Team Great Britain and Northern Ireland", originally "Team Great Britain and Ireland". This is just for they olympics and often countries represent themselves for competitions within individual sports.