However, laws of the game does not mention how the result of game should be recorded. So, it is up to the organisers (or, from competition rules) to decide whether or not to replay the match, and if match is not replayed how they want to keep this in record . Doing the things mentioned in rules will result in an indirect free kick for opposite team, when goalkeeper is inside his own penalty area. (The situation explain in this answer assumes action against a teammate which involve misconduct and wouldn't be only foul. See this answer) 

A football team must consist of no more than eleven players (and a minimum of seven). When was this number chosen and is there any reason for it? Sources: goalprofits, wikipedia 

Sources: Wikipedia, bundesliga 

These two picture obtained from Statsbomb website clearly shows the percentage of time added. 

Champions League: Borussia Dortmund 8 vs Legia Warsaw 4 for combined 12 goals in 22/11/2016. Not relevant to question but, Andreas Brehme Germany’s left-back at the 1986 and 1990 World Cups, took two penalties with both feet in consecutive tournaments. The kick in 1990, with his right foot, was the winning goal in the World Cup final. 

A player who commits a cautionable or sending-off offence, either on or off the field of play, against an opponent, a team-mate, a match official or any other person or the Laws of the Game, is disciplined according to the offence. See: Newcastle men sent off for fighting each other 

La Liga: Athletic Bilbao 9 vs Racing Santander 5 (5 February 1933) with combined total of 14 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup: Sporting Club de Portugal 16 vs APOEL FC 1 for a combined total of 17 in 13/11/63, European Cup Winners' Cup first round first leg 

Percentage time added in first half: 

Scottish Cup: Arbroath 36 vs Bon Accord 0 for combined total of 36 in 1885/86 Not entirely sure if this is the record holder, but lowest that I could find is Celtic winning 2-1 against Barcelona in Champions League with just 16.36% possession meaning Barcelona lost with 83.64% possession. The watch is the part of Goal Line Technology system, 

Result after abandoned match depends on competition, Football League decided abandoned match of Blackpool v Huddersfield Town as draw whereas there are many cases of match being decided as 3-0. Few examples of such are, 

Sources: wikipedia, youtube, thegentlemanultra Other articles concerning perfect hat-tricks: bleacherreport, fifa I'm not sure about Ligue 1 that was the biggest one that I have found. 

This manchestereveningnews article states that Valencia will not serve a suspension for his red card. With the help of same article, 

English Premier League: Portsmouth 7 vs Reading 4 for combined total of 11 in 29th September 2007 “At Southampton, I was a manager. My responsibility was not only to coach the team. With Tottenham, I am a head coach. A head coach is head of your department. My department is to train the team.” 

What was the average age of top five European football leagues for domestic league 2016-2017? 

Update: From the IFAB Glossary Ligue 1: Sochaux 12 vs Valenciennes 1, 1935–36 for combined total of 13 

Your two questions will be answered by the IFAB laws of the game Law 12 - Fouls and Misconduct. Can football players be penalised for an action against a teammate that is normally a foul if done to the opponent? 

Sources: Wikipedia, FIFA, Youtube After a long search finally found it. Statsbomb Article clearly explain the extra time minute percentage in European 5 top leagues. Some website shows Australia win over Samoa as 32-0. 

Wayne Rooney and Paul Scholes served three-match ban for being sent off in a pre-season tournament in Amsterdam 3-1 win over FC Porto. [Source] 

Other such incidents: mirror.co.uk, bleacherreport.com, bbc.com 

Toulouse France team with average age of 23.91 was the youngest team on pitch for domestic league 2016-17. Some article claimed Germany had the most number of team with the lowest average age. But I'm interested in knowing, At last, many websites1, 2 even premierleague.com use these two terms interchangeably and shows Antonio Conte as a manager of the club Chelsea F.C., while the official website lists Conte as a head coach.