As an after thought, one of my favorite Sci-fi short stories discusses the idea that while logic is indeed subjective, we learn classical logic at a very young age and once we grow into adults, we are incapable of unlearning it. If we were to somehow come across non-classical logics at a very young age, we would be capable of all sorts of superhuman feats. The story is of course, just sci-fi, but I do find the idea compelling. Indeed, this is the starting assumption that AI and machine learning specialists work off of: The mind is already performing such calculations, the challenge is to reproduce those processes in digital computers. By the same logic, any dynamic system capable of processing symbols and complex enough to be able to refer to itself (i.e capable of representing and processing formal logic sentences up to and including Gödel sentences) can eventually develop self perception and consciousness. 

Quine, in his paper "Two Dogmas of Empiricism" questioned the analytic-synthetic distinction, and suggested that even analytic propositions were dependent on empirical evidence. Since the rules of logic were analytic propositions par excellence, they too, were ultimately dependent on empirical data, and were not absolute laws. 

An order relation based definition of God is the basis for the ontological argument: 

I would dispute that in the example you gave, Paul is doing any form of aggregating or dimensionality reduction. While many factors influence his wellbeing (money, sex life, world peace,…), his wellbeing itself is a simple fact, and when replying to Lisa he is directly answering the question about that simple fact, not summing up the totality of facts that led to it. 

The justification of this very fact, is the reason behind this question. All the stuff I've read about the metalogical virtues of FOL and the properties of its "extensions" could be summarized as the statements below: As I've said, I'm not an expert in this topic, and I just happen to be interested in these themes. What I wrote here is a summary of what I assume I understood of what I read (even though I'm personally inclined against the people who speaks about what they don't fully understand). In this light, I'd be very pleased if any answer to this question involves a rectification of any assertion which happened to be wrong. It also seems that all set theories (even if those come in ontologically different flavours, such as the ones which pursue the "iterative approach" like ZFC, versus the "stratified approach" -inspired by Russell's and Whitehead's type theory first formulated in their Principia- such as Quine's NFU or Mendelson's ST) are built as collections of axioms expressed in a common language, which invariably involves an underlying first order predicate logic augmented with the set-membership binary relation symbol. From this follows that FOL makes up the (necessary) "formal template" in mathematics, at least from a foundational perspective. When do we distinguish one mathematical object from another? If we operate within a formal system, we may choose to adopt the premise that 0 has no predecessors (giving rise to the non-negative integers) or not (giving rise instead to a group, which may be the integers, or perhaps an additive cyclic group). If we suspend any axiom determining which, then both systems are models for the resulting set of axioms. What does contingency mean, apart from having significantly different possible models for the axioms? 

As to cause and effect, there is a reasonable question as to how an event in one epoch affects events infinitely further in time. The very existence of these infinitely old creatures across the epochs is one example of that: the father, for instance, may reasonably be construed as causing (among other things) his own continued existence. The notion of time that I've put forward doesn't give any description of what a continuous sort of causality would look like which ties together the epochs; perhaps if these infinitely aged creatures went into a sort of dormant state, and then awoke in another epcoh, you could simply define the continuity of their existence in terms of convergent states of their behaviour agreeing with each other going into the infinite future of one epoch and the infinite past of another. This implicitly invokes a notion of topology both on the timeline stretching across epochs, but also on the behaviours of the creatures. For instance, we probably demand some serious stability of these infinitely aged creatures if we want to prevent the argument that the creatures in one epoch were swapped out with a different set of infinitely aged creatures in another epoch.