Question: Can an arbitrator for domestic disputes in Qur'an 4:35 be a non-Muslim? 

you and your partner may be exposing your awrah; 

It's a complicated issue. Outdoor sex in the middle of a forest is clearly at the other end of the spectrum from sex on a crowded beach. But both can be interpreted as sex in public places. 

I'm wondering what after happens if, after getting married and the wife revealing her body for the first time, her husband is not satisfied. Islam Q&A includes some specifics: 

I have in mind a situation where the husband's previous wife will receive the majority (if not all) of his financial support and the majority of this time. She is aware of this before marriage, being informed by her future husband himself and being confirmed through observation of their living conditions. However, she agrees to marry him nevertheless. 

I know the answer is "yes", but I'm unsure why. It doesn't seem to follow directly from the wording. 

And it seems reasonable to believe that Muslims are expected to obey the law even if they are 100% guaranteed to get away with disobeying the law. Sex in a public toilet (Section 71, Sexual Offences Act, 2003) 

Having sex in public is a crime in certain circumstances, and Muslims are expected to obey the law: 

I'm wondering what would happen if the first condition were false, i.e., the man does not fear that he "will not deal justly with the orphan girls". 

I'm trying to get a better mental picture here. It seems to be a significant risk. 

Generally, this is interpreted to mean that a man is forbidden to marry a second wife if he fears that he would treat them unjustly. Question: What if a husband is displeased with his new wife's body after getting married? 

They're not haram (as divorce is not haram), but ordinarily couples are encouraged to endeavour to reconcile and mediate first. I cannot say whether or not these are immoral. 

This seems to hinge primarily on (a) the chance of getting caught, and (b) whether or not it's legal. 

Question: Does Qur'an 4:3 forbid marrying more than four wives? It's unclear to me if she is also engaging in sin, or if this is limited only to her husband. 

A person must not wilfully and obscenely expose the genital area of his or her body in, or within the view of, a public place. -- Victoria, SUMMARY OFFENCES ACT 1966 - SECT 19 

Question: If a wife marries an already married man knowing he cannot do justice between his wives, is she blameworthy? 

Any person who, contrary to Islamic Law, acts or behaves in an indecent manner in any public place shall be guilty of an offence and shall on conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding one thousand ringgit or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both. This is the Sunni point of view i found a shia Fatwa which allow it only if the wife herself agrees to that marriage! 

If you ever had intercourse with your wife and want to have it again it is recommended to perform an ablution (sahih Muslim) Be aware that kindness, gentleness and affection is the key there's a da'if hadith saying that a man shouldn't "jump on his wife like on an animal" (with the purpose of having sex), even if the hadith is weak it has backup in both the qur'an and sunnah! 

[Sunan abi Dawod] - And in Hajjat al wada' the Messenger of Allah (peace be upon him) said: "...So act kindly towards women" as narrated by abi Huraira (in Sahih al-Bukhari & Muslim and Jami' at-Tirmidhi] - And about forcing some one to do something we find the following Verse: 

A former divorce in Islam shouldn't be a reason for a woman to become "unwanted" for marriage, also note that in this situation it could be a divorce before nikah have been consumed which shows that it was a disagreement between spouses. So any issue a woman who has been divorced in a similar situation would confront doesn't come from Islam and is a cultural issue in first place. Living together in kindness is the key to a happy marriage and a happy marriage is built on affection and mercy between the spouses! Talaq or divorce is called in a rather da'if hadith "the most detestable among the lawful acts", see for example sunan ibn Majah and abi Dawod. After divorce the guardian is asked here not to hinder the former spouses to remarry if they both want to get back together!