However... in light of the comment about expert performances, you can in fact get performances by Peter Ladefoged here, performing IPA symbols. These are not sounds of a specific language, rather they are reference sounds which may or may not match some actual language. You can also get productions of cardinal vowels by Jones here, and side-by-side recordings of Ladefoged, House and Wells performing vowels. The latter is informative in that it reveals variation within the community of well-known experts. 

Substantial though still insufficient raw materials are available via the UCLA phonetics archive. A second possible resource is the Journal of the IPA, via their sketches, which nowadays tend to include online speech samples. Eventually, the materials will be available, and then what remains to be done is better defining what needs to be done with these samples, in order to better grasp the similarities and differences of phonetic segments across languages. 

The notion "degree of X" really requires a three-way distinction to be valid, as in degrees of length (Estonian, Saami, Dinka), nasalization (Palantla Chinantec) or breathiness (Bor Dinka). If there are only two systematic values, we say "it is" or "it isn't", and we don't have to say "how much" (degree). In the present case, it is likely that you are using one language (Bengali) to set a standard of comparison for another language. 

The second problem is even more profound, in that the underlying premise is false. That is, were one to listen to samples of the [k] vs. [kʰ] contrast across languages, one could never in principle get the correct answer by listening to any individual sound. Navaho unaspirated [k] is about comparable to Thai aspirated [kʰ] (both languages have a contrast between aspirated and unaspirated). This is especially clear in dealing with vowel height, where the "ɪ" of one language is the "e" of the next language. There are general phonetic ballparks, where a glottalized stop will have a certain range of known variation (and surely some additional unknown variation), but the idea that there is a single phonetic representation of a particular IPA symbol is clearly false. So to ask a listener to make an absolute identification of a particular sound is a conceptual mistake. What could be useful would be a comparative judgment of similarity between two sounds. 

Or, you could go to London and sign up for the official IPA course. 

You would have to explain what method you're talking about, in order for anyone to give you examples of that method, or tell you if it has a name. 

This paper may be useful for its collection of references. This paper is a single simple read. The problem is that the spectral properties of fricatives are usually reported in terms of the frequency of the spectral peak, where /f/ and /s/ are clearly different but also above the cutoff frequency for the phone. Another part of the black box that you're up against is that the ASR system doesn't involve a small, phonetically trained human making spectrograms, so you'd need to come up with a reason to think that the system they used has problems. (It isn't generally the case that nobody can distinguish [s] and [f] on the phone, and I think that some ASR systems introduce problems, so learning how ASR works could be helpful). 

The situation with English is different from that of Korean in that English only has two kinds of underlying consonants as opposed to three in Korean, and "what is underlying" is one definition of "phonemic". But the other definition of "phonemic" refers only to phonetic outputs and the ability to reduce two phonetic categories to one by rule, referring only to available phonetic properties and not abstract phonological ones. Because of resyllabifications (an abstract phonological process), you can actually get all three stop types in comparable contexts: "a Benny" (unaspirated), "up any" (lightly aspirated), "a penny" (most aspirated). This is typically dealt with by referring to juncture / word boundary, but junctures or boundaries are not phonetic events, they are abstract phonological units. Since I don't subscribe to the strict surface-oriented view of the concept "phoneme", I don't know whether advocates of that theory would then hold that English also has "degrees of aspiration". This handout and paper by Vaux gives an overview of relevant facts and theoretical interpretations of the matter. 

There is no general answer to the question of how liquids and nasals become syllabic: there are many answers, and it just depends on the facts of the language. In English, it mostly has to do with unstressed syllables having əC where C is a sonorant. In many languages it has to do with extraneous consonants that can't be syllabified around a vowel but where there is a sonorant that can fill the bill (Sanskrit, for example). A number of languages of West Africa have CR̩V syllables with syllabic pre-vocalic consonants, and these often derive from disyllables (*pila) which lose a vowel (→ [pl̩a]). 

First off, phonetics is not about features, though often in introductory classes if you don't have separate courses on phonetics and phonology, phonetics gets lumped together with phonology. Second, it is simply wrong to say that liquids and nasals are [+cons,-syll]. The misstatement comes from confusing the most common properties of a system with the inherent properties of the system. Liquids and nasals are [+cons,+son] and if you want to distinguish syllabic versus non-syllabic liquids / nasals (the latter are more common), you can employ [syllabic] to do that – syllabic liquids/nasals are [+cons,+son,+syl] and nonsyllabic liquids are [+cons,+son,-syl]. That assumes the classical SPE feature system, and in fact syllabic was one of the first features to be disposed of in the 70's. Textbooks may use the SPE system because it does represent the last standard for representation, but there are many current theories of representation, and none of them employ a feature [syllabic]. There are many different accounts of the difference, virtually all of which rely on some prosodic object such as a mora, V-slot, or nuclearly prespecified X-slot (there is also a non-standard redefinition of [consonantal] where glides are [+consonantal] and corresponding vowels are [-consonantal], but as far as I know that has not been applied to the difference between syllabic and non-syllabic consonants.