35 years was always excessive for whistleblowing The question suggests that 7 years is too light of a sentence, that leaking classified information deserves a heavier sentence like the original 35 years. I think this needs to be addressed as well. Impeaching the president is a popular topic among Democrats these days. But Republicans control both houses of Congress, so it seems like a futile endeavor without significant Republican support. This seems to just make Hillary Clinton look bad as it is an opportunity to contrast Bernie's (relatively) mundane Senator's salary and Social Security benefit to her great wealth, and his apparent transparency with her steadfast refusal to release her Wall Street speech transcripts, which Bernie and his supporters have been demanding for months, and the seeming motivation for the tax return demand. Are there any other Constitutional problems with closed, taxpayer-funded elections that I've missed? Mr. Trump and his top strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, wanted to see a confidential list of compiled [sic] to exact revenge on the bill's Republican opponents, according to two people with direct knowledge of the situation. Refusing to vote would prevent the President from learning who opposed the legislation and protect them from his wrath. It looks like there's a growing divide between Republicans in Congress and their president. Whereas actually spying for foreign powers can result in much lengthier sentences like Manning's original sentence, whistleblowing like what Manning did typically results in far more lenient sentences. Fortunately for us, Obama has prosecuted quite a few whistleblowers and media leakers, so there are a lot of data points to support this. From what I understand, Hillary Clinton and her supporters demanded that Bernie Sanders release his tax return, suggesting that he was refusing to do so and was hiding something, even though the demand was made before April 15th and the tax return may not have even been written yet. Bernie promptly complied with the demand and it apparently contained nothing interesting after all. He also said he recognizes that Manning was a whistleblower, not a spy, (he just chooses to use a law designed to prosecute enemy spies against whistleblowers,) and that the commuted sentence is sufficient to deter whistleblowing.