In order for a constitutional amendment to be sent to the states, a 2/3 vote of those present (subject to a quorum) must vote for the bill. This is not spelled out in the Constitution but rather in either the legislation speaking of the bill or if silent on the matter, the rules of each chamber. If a serious amendment were to be adversely affected by this, you can be sure there would be a rule clarification. To help a mortgage lender know what a reasonable loan to extend on a property would be (most banks will not lend more than 95% of the value of a property) To help governments figure out how much property tax would be do. For a government acquiring property, neither situation applies, so there is no need to assign an actual value. So, again, it really boils down to "How much can we get for as little give as possible." But indeed there's a tendency to use simple straight borders when creating a territorial entity from scratch, especially on the basis of longitude and latitudes. We see this in many colonial borders, in America or elsewhere in the various European empires. Due to the way map are usually drawn, this often ends up looking like straight lines. Lastly, if you look closely at the border, there is nothing straight about the Canadian-US border east of the Lake of the Woods. Because the medical profession was opposed to it. Roosevelt's administration feared that including the universal health insurance provisions would kill the entire Social Security Act. Still others list the the official adoption of the Democratic Party name in 1844. However as far as I can tell there are no readily apparent evidence (e.g. cited resolution/proceedings) the back up these assertions. In other words, Tripoli announced its intention declare war, but only carried it out ("the traditional way") on 14 May 1801, after a last ditch effort for peace failed. I would argue the latter date is the more formally correct one. (Source: Sparks, Jared, Francis Bowen, and George Partridge Sanger. The American Almanac and Repository of Useful Knowledge for the Year 1843. Vol. 31. Boston, David H. Williams, 1860) - Conlin, Joseph. The American Past: A Survey of American History, Volume II: Since 1865. Cengage Learning, 2013. - Niles' Register, June 20 1835 - Brown, Jennifer M., and Sandra L. Walklate, eds. Handbook on Sexual Violence. Routledge, 2011. - Fremont-Barnes, Gregory. The Wars of the Barbary Pirates: To the Shores of Tripoli - The Rise of the Us Navy and Marines. Vol. 66. Osprey Publishing, 2006. In order for a constitutional amendment to be sent to the states, a 2/3 vote of those present (subject to a quorum) must vote for the bill. This is not spelled out in the Constitution but rather in either the legislation speaking of the bill or if silent on the matter, the rules of each chamber. If a serious amendment were to be adversely affected by this, you can be sure there would be a rule clarification. This link talks about the Titles of Nobility Amendment, the 27th Amendment, and ratification quorums. On the flip side, there is a common misconception about the Titles Of Nobility amendment that has many people thinking that it should have been the 13th amendment to the Constitution. There are stories that Virginia passed it in 1816, but the fact was not communicated before additional states were added to the Union, unfairly leaving it out. In fact, the amendment was never that close to being ratified, but it proves the point that the amendment must pass 2/3 of the Congress and 3/4 of the states at the time of ratification. It's haggling, pure and simple. I doubt there was any analysis done at all, except "Can we afford this?" and "Does this seem like a good deal?"