Jesus' pithy reply encapsulates the larger issues of his own doubly revolutionary kingdom-agenda. He began by requesting one of the relevant coins. This took the initiative away from his questioners, forcing them to reveal their own hand first. The coin bore an image and superscription which were, from a strict Jewish point of view, blasphemous. The image was prohibited (even the cynical Antipas, as we saw, had stopped short of using an image of himself on his coins), and the superscription proclaimed Caesar in divine terms, specifically as the son of a god. Jesus' questioners were thus themselves already heavily compromised by possessing such an object. But that's not enough to fully demonstrate why Jesus' questioners were amazed. As N.T. Write explains briefly in Jesus and the Victory of God, Jesus' words "Give to Caesar what belongs to Caesar, and to God what belongs to God" mirrors a revolutionary phrase, which would have been well known in contemporary Jewish culture of the time. Of course, there can be drawbacks, and all methods of scriptural interpretation can be abused. The more common and practical experience is that by encouraging all protestants to do their own Bible study and interpretation, the end result is that all protestants interpret scripture. As the as Proverbs says, iron sharpen iron. When protestants examine scripture individually, and in groups, and discuss their views and opinions, it allows the group as a whole ownership over the interpretation, which can be a big benefit. However, this leads to my second answer, which I think is more of the real answer. And that is that any honest, studied OEC will not use these verses as proof texts for their view, simply because Peter is not making the specific statement that one day is a thousand years. Peter is not providing a formula for interpreting other scripture. Peter is saying time is immaterial to God. If one is going to apply this verse to Genesis 1, they might also be tempted to say that the Battle of Jericho lasted 6,000 years. 

Mattathias instructed his sons to give back to the pagans an equal repayment: do to them as they have done to us. The saying is unambiguously revolutionary. The second clause put this in its wider context: obey the command of the law. ... The Maccabaean saying had a double thrust: your duty towards the pagans is to fight them, and your duty to our god is to keep his commandments. 

To TEs who don't believe in a literal Adam and Eve, Eve being the mother of living is metaphor, just as Eve existing is metaphor. 

30 Both had an angel guard their graves. After Moses died Michael the Arch-angel guarded his body. (Jude 9) And when Jesus rose an angel guarded his tomb. (Mt.26:2-6) 

12 Both cleansed leprosy. From Moses’ time no one that was Jewish was cleansed until Jesus came (Numb.12:10-16, Mk.1:40-41). This is a very significant factor that proves Jesus was the prophet Moses spoke of, since no other cured one of the brethren of this disease from Moses' time. Interestingly enough, after the resurrection, Jesus finds Peter fishing again--for fish! Jesus repeats the miracle of the enormous catch of fish, then addresses Peter directly. Each time, Jesus calls him by the name of "Simon, son of John", which was associated with his previous live as a fishermen. It is as if Jesus is asking him what his identity is going to be. Will it be "Simon, the son of John--the fishermen" or will it be "Peter, the fisher of men". Incidentally, the distinguishing factor seems to be Peter's confession of love for Jesus.