A discussion here talks about the various possibilities. To quote a small part that summarizes well: But this is all speculation based on analogies, which is really the only evidence we have in scripture. So the real answer to your question is: Scripture doesn't say. 

I recall reading a book by Hugh Ross many years ago, in which he claimed that life, or at least intelligent life, on other planets was a Biblical impossibility. I believe the argument hinged on the Biblical claim that Humanity is the "crown of God's creation." 

I believe my mother played Dutch Blitz as a child, which uses a different deck design. I think the closest Christians have to a principle similar to that about which you're asking, is the concept that all Christian views must be consistent with the Bible. And I believe that all Christian traditions can agree with this--to the extent that they believe the Bible can be accurately interpreted. 

"But the Bible is canon!" you might say. Yes, that's true... Christians, by and large, agree that the Bible is "special." But why? Because other Christians decided they were, and we agree with them. 

Hell may be a physical place, but is likely outside of the known universe (i.e. you couldn't get there in a space ship) The ace is symbolically “alpha and omega” or “the beginning and end.” NOTE: I'm pretty sure the card prohibition is not a Nazarene doctrine; perhaps just her specific church. Google shows multiple references to Nazarene-church-sponsored events where participants are encouraged to bring card games! This page from the same site offers additional explanation for the stonemason theory: 

Theistic Evolutionists tend not to depend on a "special" intervention, which, at least on the surface, seems that it would lend itself to the possibility of life, possibly including intelligent life, having evolved in various places throughout the Universe. 

More common these days is a simple prohibition of gambling games--possibly even when money isn't used. Do any Theistic Evolutionists hold the view that life on Earth (or at least intelligent life on Earth) is unique in the universe, for Biblical reasons? And if so, what is their Biblical basis? Who wrote 2 Chemicals? Saint Heisenberg. Why should we trust Saint Heisenberg? 

Anecdote My parents both grew up in the Nazarene church, my dad the son of a Nazarene pastor. They were forbidden to drink, dance, and attend movie theaters. I'm pretty sure I remember my mother telling me she also wasn't allowed to play card games as a child. The reason, as I understood it, is that cards are used for gambling, so they carry the "appearance of evil" (1 Thessalonians 5:22).