Known (Sunni) Shari'a Point of View These statements are based on an article which reports some discussion in the European Council For Fatwa and Research. 

So usually such problems could and should be solved before marriage as the husband at least would see the shape of his future wife's body. Note that ibn Hazm even allowed the fiancé to do as much effort as he can to see as much of the body of his future wife as he can (even naked). This indeed goes beyond the permission given by the majority of scholars who allow them to see the face, hands, feet, neck, legs, hair, etc.. (the further this list goes the lesser the majority of scholars allows it). A slave won't automatically be set free because she/he became Muslim! 

We can find that 'Omar ibn al Khatab (May Allah be pleased with him) as quoted by ibn al-Qayyim that he gave a former christian woman, which converted but didn't leave her non muslim husband (and homeland?) the choice between leaving her husband or staying beside him, Sheikh al-Qaradawy interprets the narration as even they will stay together as husband in wife with all meanings of the matter (including intercourse!). An other Narration mentioned by ibn al-Qayyim from 'Ali ibn Abi Talib (May Allah be pleased with him) said that she could stay with him and wait for him to convert but she shouldn't let him make possession of her (having intercourse) this was the favorite opinion of ibn al-Qayyim and ibn Tayymiya. A 3rd Narration quoted by ibn al-Qayyim from Imam az-Zuhari (May Allah be pleased with him) says that they could stay toghether until a court ( i guess he this means: an islamic court) or a higher authority separates them! These 3 Opinions are valid as in (60:10) the converted woman left their non-Muslim husbands in Mekka Mekka (ard-al-Kufr) and came to Medina (ard al-Islam) to a Muslim community/country! So if (only) the wife converts and leaves her husband to a Muslim country the situation will change and the former fatwas should be applied! 

It simply means before asking for her hand or asking her wali for the right to marry her or simply making a marriage proposal. Once you are married and/or your wife enters your home you are allowed to have intercourse with her unless she is in her menses or both of you have fixed some legal conditions in your contract that don't permit it yet (let's say your wife is a virgin and she is afraid from the "first time" and wants you to be gentle and patient) or in the same situation (and without a contract) you remember Allah's words in the qur'an: 

this needs a conversation between the spouses without any violence, but maybe by a good remainder of some verses of the Qur'an, some good words of the Prophet () etc. 

and give her a certain time or try to gain her confidence and arouse her lust via foreplay, as some scholars interpret (2:223): The hanafi school of fiqh however differs a bit as it allows a former married woman to decide herself without the necessity of a wali based on this sahih hadith giving the previously married woman more rights to her person. 

Before marriage one should try to see whether one would like the future spouse or not 

What the Muslim brother have bad deeds? as an indication for the foreplay, while most others say it refers to doing good deeds and avoid bad deeds as you may conclude from most (if not all) translations! Al-Qurtobi in his tafsir also quoted in this context that spouses should do dhikr before having intercourse (based on the sahih hadith)! Abu al 'ala' al Mawdodi added that in any case the woman should reject having intercourse with her (non-muslim) Husband and after the waiting period she could choose still to wait for him or to leave him. As from a shri'a point of view her marriage is still valid but considered as made temporary inactive! And he -in case she wants to separate- advises to do a legal divorce! so be good to her talk and speak nicely. and treat her kindly Read how our Prophet () treated his new wife in the same situation: See also this hadith in sahih al-Bukahri and Muslim. And she is not allowed to spend a night outside her house (home). Because of some reports like this mursal hadith from sunan al-Bayhaqi al-Kubra (reported by a-Shafi'i himself in al-Umm) which says that some widows of shuhada' of Uhud -whom were neighbors- used to spend the evenings together talking -as they felt lonely- and might sleep at the home of one of them and they asked our Prophet about this and he answered: 

Have in mind the words of our Prophet(): 

Finding a suitable partner is not per se haram or a sin in Islam. You can even meet if there's a mahram, some may allow to meet in public as long as the conversation is limited to what is allowed to speak about between two foreigners of different genders. 

So far the legal status from the shari'a point of view is cleared. So from what i quoted one is allowed to have sexual pleasure and be intimate with his wife, but he should avoid having intercourse, in the ahadith our Messenger (peace be upon him) insisted on the fact that his wives or women in general hide their private parts with a cover or covered them. So touching the wife on a tissue or on cloths is allowed even on the private parts (at least some scholars allow this according this Arabic fatwa based on the agreed hadith from both sahihs). While it is clearly allowed to touch and fondle what is above the naval and under the knees.