12 “But before all this, they will seize you and persecute you. They will hand you over to synagogues and put you in prison, and you will be brought before kings and governors, and all on account of my name. 13 And so you will bear testimony to me. 14 But make up your mind not to worry beforehand how you will defend yourselves. 15 For I will give you words and wisdom that none of your adversaries will be able to resist or contradict. 16 You will be betrayed even by parents, brothers and sisters, relatives and friends, and they will put some of you to death. 17 Everyone will hate you because of me. 18 But not a hair of your head will perish. 19 Stand firm, and you will win life. Out of the same mouth proceedeth blessing and cursing. My brethren, these things ought not so to be. However, there are several things that are undeniably considered sins that are acheived via asking questions: 35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away. (John 15:18-21) If the world hates you, you know that it hated Me before it hated you. If you were of the world, the world would love its own. Yet because you are not of the world, but I chose you out of the world, therefore the world hates you. Remember the word that I said to you... If they persecuted Me, they will also persecute you... because they do not know Him who sent Me. 18 Do good in thy good pleasure unto Zion: build thou the walls of Jerusalem. The question appears to come from the perspective that "God has a wonderful plan for your life" and also a variation of the Prosperity Doctrine (where all our evils are caused by our own sin, but if we are just, we'll get whatever we desire). 12 And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold. 10 Then he said to them: “Nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom. 11 There will be great earthquakes, famines and pestilences in various places, and fearful events and great signs from heaven. The relevant Bible section is James 3:1-11 (KJV) A sample of the teaching can be found here. 29 Immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light, and the stars shall fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens shall be shaken: In the words of Ray Comfort in his teaching on Hell's Best Kept Secret, God's Law is like a mirror that shows us to ourselves in our true nature. If we see we have a dirty face in a mirror, we don't wash our faces with the mirror. No, we wash our faces with water. 8 All these are the beginning of sorrows.