I would say the answer to the first question is a clear "yes." Not only can we view, historically, religious beliefs and rituals as precursors to early scientific beliefs and practices, we can also note that many historical figures, from the ancient Egyptian priests to Descartes, have made scientific advances that have grown out of their religious beliefs. 

This particular dialogue is an original creation myth, presumably aimed at an audience of mystical theologians, and using terms and concepts that would have been familiar to them. As always, however, Plato tweaks those terms to support his own unique vision of Ultimate Reality. As I understand this passage, the general idea is that the Eternal Essence is both everlasting and not directly perceptible --transcendent, if you will. It lasts forever and never changes. The heavens are a higher order copy of that ideal, they last forever, but they are not perfectly unchanging. Humanity is a lower order copy of the ideal, we are neither eternal nor unchanging. When we see the heavens, they are a bridge between ourselves and the imperceptibly transcendent Eternal Essence. The heavens are an image of perfection, but are not themselves perfect, because no image is perfect (every image is an imperfect copy). Where the Eternal Essence is everlasting because it is entirely outside time, and therefore never changes, the heavens are everlasting within time. They are cyclical ("revolves according to a law of number"), which is what everlasting looks like when you combine it with change. They are therefore not eternal "in its fullness," which is necessarily static. The reason for creating the heavens is so we can see what something eternal looks like, but in a form that changes like we change, so we can identify with it. That helps us understand that we too are formed in imitation of the Eternal Essence. 

In Kants compressed language, this means that it is not neccessarily the case that triangles, given their axiomatic definition in (Euclidean) Geometry, must have the sum of any two sides greater than the third. In the contemporary modern world science is seen as a distinct discipline from philosophy; in the ancient world there wasn't such a clear distinction. 

From the Woods/Guyer translation of Kants Critique of Reason: 

Of course history has borne out Toquevilles worry, as Germanys nascent Democratic traditions were subverted by Nazism, in Italys by Facism and in Russia and China by State Communism. The parallels with the actual extract from Kant should be clear. 

Hannah Arendt and Max Scheler, identifies humanity as homo faber, as the man who makes rather than homo sapiens, the man who is wise; the emphasis is on the body as a practical source of know-how, rather than the mind as a theoretical source of knowledge or wisdom; Bergson goes a step further in his creative evolution, where he identifies this as the source of intelligence, that is it grew out of a need for techne, to handle our exteriorities; that is intelligence is essentially pragmatically orientated rather than speculatively as a purely intellectual or dogmatic treatment may suppose. When one considers our interiority as an externality this might lead to a notion or system of practical and pragmatic therapeutics as a form of life that finds a space for theoria that is in sympathy rather than defining itself in opposition or contrast. 

It's worth noting here the parallel denial of neccessity by Gauss in a letter written to Olbers in 1816, and referenced by Bardi: Of course, this would mean that Kant would have had an indirect influence on Einsteins SR and GR - given their use of such geometries. And in the Rig-Veda, verse 10.129: 

But one must also distinguish between popularising, which is making a complex topic intelligible to the people, and an art in itself, from banalisation, which loses the essential thought or impetus. In its most slimmed down form one thinks of here the proverb & the aphorism, the latter being a respectable literary form - Rouchefaucauld & Nietszche used the form, for example. 

Many of them lived & worked in what is now modern Turkey. Further they wrote in a cryptic, poetic form - not far removed from versified mythology (this makes sense for societies emerging out of an oral tradition - poetic utterance would be seen as the privileged & inspired artform) . One could argue that Nietszche reinvented this form for modern western philosophy - in its continental guise; not for nothing does he see himself a modern Zarathrustha thrusting aside the superstitions of a decadent Christian society. Plato indulged in mysticism, as did Pythagoras; and no doubt many others. It seems incredible considering the high level of civilisation that ancient Mesopotamia & Egypt achieved that there could not have been some degree of influence by them on greek thought. The key question is what form that influence takes. 

I don't think most have ever heard of Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy or Hugo Dingler, an opportunistic Nazi-philosopher? During their time they were very popular (and sometime influential), today they are forgotten and will likely not survive another century. Yet, e.g. Dingler's weird concept of science survived in the work of his pupil Paul Lorenzen and got us the "Erlangen program", a rejection of relativity theory and the creation of game semantics. (You can guess which outcomes have become popular and which have not.) the supporters of SOL wouldn't deem the loss of completeness etc. as fatal. They see set theory not so much as a foundation of mathematics. Instead, set theory should be more a description of mathematics, i.e. the more adherent to mathematical practice, the better (=more precise) the description becomes. For the very simple reason that they have been passed on by subsequent thinkers, while all others have not. 

Our conjecture that metaphysics is a substitute, albeit an inadequate one, for art, seems to be further confirmed by the fact that the metaphysician who perhaps had artistic talent to the highest degree, viz. Nietzsche, almost entirely avoided the error of that confusion. A large part of his work has predominantly empirical content. We find there, for instance, historical analyses of specific artistic phenomena, or an historical-psychological analysis of morals. In the work, however, in which he expresses most strongly that which others express through metaphysics or ethics, in Thus Spake Zarathustra, he does not choose the misleading theoretical form, but openly the form of art, of poetry.