Of course — as I alluded to in the case of Google and mobile phones — technological advance sometimes comes at a cost of complication to other people. Google adopts a complexity burden by making it easy for you to search for websites or navigate a new city; you adopt a complexity burden by making it easy for others to contact you. Similarly, using a car is impossible without the industrial infrastructure necessary to build the car and to provide fuel for its operation; someone has to do that work. However, while this does complicate society as a whole, it need not complicate any one person's life provided that the population growth exceeds the growth of infrastructural complexity. The complexity density of society could in principle remain constant from the dawn of agriculture right to the modern day, with new generations of people adopting the new professional classes of wood-cutter, iron-miner, black-smith, engineer, and so forth. (It almost certainly didn't do so historically, but with civilizations falling, dramatic improvements in technique, and unsteady population growths, the density of complexity would have jumped back and forth a number of times.) The principle is internally inconsistent as a metaphysical principle: not all notions of 'general' can be equally objective, because we are someplace, and that place really will have some idiosyncratic properties. And picking and choosing which ones are most objective, just to favor the chosen explanations of our own physics, would violate the principle itself. Our place would be special in that it allowed us to truly see what was and was not special about it from experimental data. I am not OK with utilitarianism for other reasons, it encourages too much intelligence (therefore elitism and lawyering) and too little empathy (because 'missing' someone else's perspective 'accidentally' is rewarded by getting your own way.) So I will answer from a different context. At the risk of continually over-promoting the same book, "Consciousness, Explained" contains this data and the argument much more detail. Dennett lays it out as motivation for his favorite theory of learning, and to make counterarguments to older theories. Properties are something that individual things simply don't have. To really define a property, one would require knowing how everything that interacts with your object might be affected by it. Most of things are probably unaffected by most properties, and we can safely assume that is the case quite often. But we simply cannot know. So every property would have an infinite and open-ended definition. Which really just means no definition at all, if we want to be able to use definitions in any reasonable way. Or, as Gottfried Gabriel once put it: The way your source puts it, is very misleading. Logical empiricists had nothing against "metaphysical poetry". This seems to be a recurring misunderstanding. Indeed, according to logical empiricists, poetry is one of the best suited media to express "mystical longings". The first theorem proves that all consistent axiomatic formulations of number theory which include Peano arithmetic (or stronger) include undecidable propositions. Our conjecture that metaphysics is a substitute, albeit an inadequate one, for art, seems to be further confirmed by the fact that the metaphysician who perhaps had artistic talent to the highest degree, viz. Nietzsche, almost entirely avoided the error of that confusion. A large part of his work has predominantly empirical content. We find there, for instance, historical analyses of specific artistic phenomena, or an historical-psychological analysis of morals. In the work, however, in which he expresses most strongly that which others express through metaphysics or ethics, in Thus Spake Zarathustra, he does not choose the misleading theoretical form, but openly the form of art, of poetry. [In this connection the term "world view" ("Weltanschauung") is often used; we p refer to avoid it because of its ambiguity, which blurs the difference between attitude and theory, a difference which is of decisive importance for our analysis.]