If payment is not submitted, you need to escalate the risk. What is in jeopardy is continued work. Some large companies can continue at risk but many small firms are incapable of that: they would not make payroll. You escalate the risk and initiate whatever mitigating intervention you see fit, including communications up the chain of the buyer organization. And you simply communicate the date which you, as the PM, will stop work. 

Consulting is not about being "right" or winning an argument. It is about presenting several alternate paths, including the less than desirable one, each with its pros and cons, and making a recommendation. With trust, you'll become more persuasive, but it is not really about that. 

EDIT: I don't get it. You're doing all this but you're asking what? You are building a business case, you outline benefits, costs, and risks of alternate paths, you make your recommendation, but they choose a path you did not recommend but it is not about being right? 

The PM is accountable for all aspects of the project, including satisfaction of money owed to all vendors, including his/her own organization. So, the involvement needs to be consistent with accountability. Delegate tasks as you see fit, but accountability for task completion and success is not transferable. 

I can unequivocally say there is no right answer to this question. There are benefits and penalties to both extremes and this will become more of a balancing act between the two. You control communication through one or two, you can ensure a consistent message going out and less misunderstanding coming in. Both of those are benefits. However, you will stifle teaming and risk development of mistrust between client and contractor, and inappropriate filtering both outgoing and incoming messages by your POC. Penalties. 

If you are doing all the right consulting things but are not being persuasive, is it about the quality of your work? Is your research not rigorous? Is your writing incoherent, irrelevant, or not compelling?