https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ja5Q75hf6QI As to being able to say "this person will fill my boots for only a few weeks or months" it is, insofar I'm aware, not possible. Proxy voting is possible, but if I'm not mistaken it assumes that you give specific voting instructions for a specific vote, rather than giving what amounts to a blank check. Edward Snowden exposed US government operated large scale surveillance activities, which has heightened public awareness about the issue. But these have never reached the point where there are widespread fears about the police showing up at your doorstep, arresting you, and abusively keeping you locked up or worse for arbitrary reasons. Nor has that point been reached by neighboring states or while under occupation by an enemy force. So things progress slowly. The constitution and 17th amendment leave the specifics of dealing with Senate vacancies to the states. In the case of John McCain: The Republicans reportedly wanted to extend the limit enough to be safe until after the 2018 midterms. Put another way some parts of Afghanistan never were under control to begin with; the Afghan troops that are fighting the Taliban are - if only at times - poorly trained, undisciplined, and corrupt; and the US is basically drained of any motivation to help. (See for instance 1:17:00 in the video for an arresting account of how the US' financial aid was being wasted.) But it would be an altogether different matter if Trump pardoned Arpaio for willfully refusing to follow the Constitution and violating the rights of people inside the U.S. Rule of law specifically means: Those are all Nazi or white supremacist groups. According to a 2014 Congressional Research Service report, “between 1995 and 2008, the United States provided North Korea with over $1.3 billion in assistance: slightly more than 50 percent for food aid and about 40 percent for energy assistance.” Many legal scholars argue that the only possible redress is impeachment — itself a politicized, drawn-out process. But there may be another route. If the pardon is challenged in court, we may discover that there are, in fact, limits to the president’s pardon power after all. [...] Apart from that, you already mentioned the important points: The occidental dissident stated beforehand that the "alt-lite" will not attend because of the level of extremism: The far-right Proud Boys denounced the rally because of white supremacists: [I]f the president signals to government agents that there exists the likelihood of a pardon when they violate a judicial injunction that blocks his policies, he can all too easily circumvent the only effective means of enforcing constitutional restrictions on his behavior. Indeed, the president could even secretly promise a pardon to agents if they undertake illegal activity he desires. [...] There do not seem to be any polls that are more recent than these. Apart from the possible benefits, the law requires the registration, because the US determined that RT "conducts strategic messaging for [the] Russian government" and "seeks to influence politics, [and] fuel discontent in the U.S". The DoJ says that it "is committed to enforcing FARA and expects compliance with the law". Even if it has negative consequences as described by OP, in a democracy, the law should not be ignored out of political convenience. As to being able to say "this person will fill my boots for only a few weeks or months" it is, insofar I'm aware, not possible. Proxy voting is possible, but if I'm not mistaken it assumes that you give specific voting instructions for a specific vote, rather than giving what amounts to a blank check. Sophisticated Americans understand Europe as a collection of nations and can place a few of the western ones on a map, but then tend to conflate EU with Europe. They also tend to understand the EU as an extremely messy and anti-democratic version of the US federal government. For examples, see for instance financial media with libertarian tendencies (e.g. Zero Hedge, Mish Shedlock's blog, CNBC, Bloomberg) and their comment sections. This article from the end of 2013, for instance, notes that McCain was among the 10 Republicans who voted for the transgender ENDA bill. It introduced a number of protections for the LGBT in the workplace. It admittedly says nothing about McCain's stance on LGBT in the military but at the very least one can infer that McCain was defending LGBT rights before Trump was attacking him. Trump accepted the deal that gave him a mere 3 months of runway, thus leaving the door open for a government shutdown before a critical election period. The Republicans fear Democrats could use this leverage to get in the way of the tax reform they've in mind in early December. It makes sense because several states, organisations and individuals challenged the repeal of DACA in lawsuits. If there's a risk that Trump's administration is overturned (remember the Muslim ban?) it's more practical to postpone the DACA repeal's application until the litigation over it ends. The NYT guesses that this is a reference to foreign aid: Similar accusations were made against the Texas bill: Apart from that, you already mentioned the important points: It’s the fear that’s most striking. Wilson was trained, armed, and empowered with the force of law. At almost any point in his confrontation with Brown, he could have called for backup and won control of the situation. But, he says, he was too gripped with terror to do anything but shoot. [...] The far-right Proud Boys denounced the rally because of white supremacists: Rule of law specifically means: CNN connects this aid to the North Korea nuclear program: Fox News makes the same assumption: Some lawmakers have also directly stated that the goal of voter id laws is not to fight (practically non-existent) voter fraud, but to discriminate against minorities who are unlikely to vote for them: Many legal scholars argue that the only possible redress is impeachment — itself a politicized, drawn-out process. But there may be another route. If the pardon is challenged in court, we may discover that there are, in fact, limits to the president’s pardon power after all. [...] There do not seem to be any polls that are more recent than these. Gavin McInnes - known for his right-wing politics and antisemitism - declined to attend because he did not want to be associated with Nazis. I'm not sure that it is being brought up that often.