Secondly, I think that your claim that "cognitive sciences deal with the exact material processes" is incorrect. Cognitive sciences are not (restricted to) neuroscience. Barthes' argues for his proposition in a variety of ways: (1) seems to be justifiable on the basis of evidential reasons. However, ask yourself if (2) is a claim for which evidential reasons can be given: Is there any evidence which would make (2) more likely to be true? Or is it a claim justified by pragmatic reasons? Theaet. Well, Socrates, I will answer as you and he bid me; and if make a mistake, you will doubtless correct me. Pascal's famous argument is used as textbook example of DV, but it is unclear whether Pascal actually presupposed DV in his argument. If I recall correctly, he didn't claim that such form of practical reasoning could lead to a voluntary belief in God, but that it could lead to take part in the religious practice, which in turn would create an environment where a belief in God could grow eventually. Reference Ayer, A. J. (1952). Language, Truth, and Logic. New York: Dover Publications. Against this position, Kant employes TD to prove that certain apriori concepts do correctly apply to objects featured in our experience, i.e. that such apriori concepts have objective validity after all. In doing so, Kant doesn't counter Hume's point, he actually concedes that apriori concepts cannot be derived from sensory experiences. He does, however, object to Hume's conclusion that a priori concepts therefore cannot apply to the objects of experience at all. To block this conclusion, Kant needs to show that there's another, non-empirical way in which apriori concepts can correctly apply to experience and achieve objective validity. This alternative way is through a transcendental argument, see the outline above. It is hard to imagine that the pragmatic justification might override the belief that P is false. The debate whether this epistemic self-deception may be possible is one of the crucial topics in current debates around DV. (Again, the consensus is that it is not and thus is an objection to DV.) The same question arises whether one can choose to believe a claim that she agrees rationally to be false. The problem is that a pragmatic justification of beliefs (i.e. based on utility and means-ends arguments) may clash with a (lack of) epistemic justification. Consider the following: I have the following questions: The point of the distinction is, usually, to draw the attention to the fact that, while epistemic reasons do make the claim they justify more likely to be true, pragmatic reasons do not. Soc. Too much, Theaetetus, too much; the nobility and liberality of your nature make you give many and diverse things, when I am asking for one simple thing. pragmatic reasons (aka prudential reasons), which justify some action or some attitude (or at least, justify the wanting or trying to bring those actions or attitudes about). However, always keep in mind that Kant was a transcendental idealist, not to be confused with an "esse est percipi"-idealism á la Berkeley. Theaet. Then, I think that the sciences which I learn from Theodorus-geometry, and those which you just now mentioned-are knowledge; and I would include the art of the cobbler and other craftsmen; these, each and all of, them, are knowledge. 1 Particularly this last point had a huge impact in the development of postmodernism by the way of Jacques Derrida's deconstruction. Since the dual component view of belief is said to be the standard account of belief and it includes the view that Your question is complicated because you take the big bang as an example, which marks also the "beginning of time" and is thus more problematic. In fact, the first of Kant's famous antinomies is dedicated to it. As to the more general question: Is it possible in Kant's view to conduct history as a science on a geological/development scale? – The answer is yes. Skeptical argument: how can we find out precisely what the writer intended anyway? Attributing intent is interpretation: The attribution of a specific intent to an author is itself an act of interpretation. (Referring to the author is just a spoof to give more authority to one interpretation over another.) Downplaying the role of author's individual experience: an author's text is a mouthpiece of centuries of culture preceding him. A principled reversal of the relation between language and speaker: it is not the speaker who expresses herself through language, but language that expresses itself through the speaker.1 The salient point is that in traditional literary criticism an appeal to the author's intent or experience gives a constraint on possible interpretations and a yardstick to distinguish good and bad interpretations. With the exclusion of the author, this constrains ceases to exist. Now, an attack on the author's role in the interpretation does not necessarily lead to an unconstrained understanding of interpretation. But Barthes' consciously doesn't want to replace the author's authority with some other form of authority and opens up the interpretation game.