Because of this, a sustaining vote, when it is called for, is usually answered unanimously in the affirmative. However, this is not regarded as a formality. Church leaders are still human, and it's recognized that they can make mistakes, even when attempting to act in all sincerity and soberness. 

Matt briefly mentioned Ezekiel 37:15-23 in his answer, but it deserves greater emphasis. The linked article starts out by very briefly mentioning writing on staves, and then discounts it, saying that had Ezekiel meant a staff, he would have used a different word. And then it goes and gives several examples of 'ets meaning all sorts of things, many of which had their own specific words. But on the other hand, we have many translators and commentators throughout the ages calling Ezekiel's "wood" a staff, a rod, or a stick. People centuries closer to the author (and thus more likely to be familiar with his cultural context) than we are consistently call the "wood" a rod of some sort, so it's worth understanding why someone might do what Ezekiel describes to an actual stick. 

Food storage The LDS Church used to recommend two years. Now, they recommend three months plus "extended" food storage, when feasible. Place of the righteous, pre-judgement 

Joseph compared it to the raising of children. In some circumstances, a parent may punish a child for eating an apple (if it were stolen), but allow it in other circumstances (if it had been given to them). That may seen inconsistent to a young child, but eventually they will learn and understand. 

The reality, however, is that he won't keep all the commandments, because he will choose not to. 

Earth -- purified, and in the presence of God. P.S. If it seems strange that Mormons have astronomical references and unusual words like Kolob when referring to the location of heaven, it may be because you are used to having no specifics about its location. Think about it, (e.g. is heaven in the clouds?), and it might cause you to see the topic differently :) 

God possesses power over the sea, the earth, the heavens because they honor him. And they honor him because he is who he is. 

We believe that putting a name on the "prayer roll" will enable that individual with greater blessings from Heaven based on their needs. Temples provide tampons for the women who are. As long as they are using one, there isn't a problem. I read what you were referring to from the link you posted. That was the opinion of the temple worker. As for the tradition, I don't know, but I did learn some things from @Daniel's link. 

A name is written down on a piece of paper by a patron, or office worker (if the name is called in), and placed in an envelope of sorts. This is put on the alter during the prayer circle. The words of the prayer is up to the officiator but generally speaking a generalized prayer that their needs will be met is said along with other things. In regards to the convert baptisms, I don't know of anything either way. When a woman is baptized they are not asked if they are menstruating, so there is no way to know unless the officiator is told. Edit The Church Handbook of Instructions contains nothing concerning this matter. So it is safe to say there is not a big deal. If it was, the handbook would state it. There is no "official" statement that I know of regarding this. The Church does not consider those who are menstruating to be unclean. There is no rule against being baptized during that time.