Is there a philosophical reason why cultural left and economic left go together, or is it a historical coincidence? Do they share any fundamental principles other than changing the status-quo? It seems to me that Left Hegelians seem to align with the cultural left, and Marx started out as a Left Hegelian, before going to formulate Communism. Is there a relation between the two? Is that the origin of the correlation? Is there any merit at all to the idea that the various aspects of the cultural left in today's Western discourse did indeed originate with the Frankfurt School? Did members of the Frankfurt school really want to overthrow Western values (and my reading of Adorno, Horkheimer, and Habermas is wrong) ? In his 1941 Paper "The End of Reason", Max Horkheimer states the following: Now here is the introduction to the biography of Pink Floyd taken from Allmusic.com: 

In the U.S and most of the West, the cultural left (used loosely to include movements like feminism, secularism, being pro-diversity and pro minority-rights, the LGBTQ movement, being pro-immigration, etc....) and the economic left (socialism, marxism, pro-big government and regulation, etc...) usually go together, although there doesn't seem any a priori reason why that should be the case. In fact, in some cases, it seems contradictory to me, see "Does the idea of a welfare state fundamentally conflict with an open immigration policy?" for example. Most introductory texts or lectures of Nietzsche mention the connection between his thought and Nazi ideology (supposedly due to his sister's promoting his thought as being pro-Nazi). But Nazis don't get mentioned at all in similar texts regrading Hegel. For example Nazis are mentioned the Wikipedia (5 times) and SEP (4 times) articles on Nietzsche, but the Wikipedia and SEP articles on Hegel never mentions the Nazis. One has to do some more in depth research before coming across any references to Hegel being "adopted" by the Nazis. 

These videos, however, from their tone and language, all seem more like right wing conspiracy theories, than like any serious philosophical lectures. Yet listening to lectures on Hegel's philosophy, it was immediately obvious that his philosophy could be interpreted as supporting nationalism in general and German nationalism in particular. His association with romantic nationalism and German romanticism, his concept of national spirit (Volksgeist) and how the spirit of the time had "settled" on the German people, and his ideas about race seem to be very amenable to being interpreted as supporting Nazi ideology. What is the original Greek term that Jowett is translating? Who is Socrates' God (with a capital "G")? 

His idea of the Will to Power is a continuation of Schopenhauer's Will to Live, and has a definitely philosophical pedigree. 

Here is the introduction to the biography of Pink Floyd taken from Wikipedia: 

More generally, I think the pendulum swings the other way: Even authors who are considered pure literature or poetry are still considered to have contributed to philosophy. They just did so using a different medium. Think of Voltaire, Dostoyevsky, Lucretius, etc..... Finally, you mention in your comments that Western Philosophers have been unduly critical of Indian scripture and religious texts. I would like to point out that Western philosophers have been far more critical of their own Judeo-Christian traditions, than they have been of any Eastern Traditions. Based on my answer to (1): No. Some Chinese and Indian schools of thought, have made legitimate attempts at arguing for and justifying their positions, and went beyond just add hoc dispensing of wisdom and maxims. They have used legitimate philosophical methods, and as such count as philosophy. 

On one hand, he seems to be referring the failures of logicist and positivist programs to ground all truth in logic and empirical fact, such as Russell's failure with Principia Mathematica (due to Godel's theorem) or the Logical Positivists inability to completely free philosophy from metaphysics (for example, per Quine's "Two Dogmas of Empiricism"). The Frankfurt school philosophers were famously disdainful of positivism. In fact we can take the description of family resemblance from the SEP article L.W, and modify it, by replacing "language game" with "religious experience" to obtain a good description of what a religious experience is: