I find no fault in the current standard, as I don't see any valid reason to change it. 

No, this rule is badly worded. Any such rule should be around the mens rea -- about the intentions -- and categorically not solely about the effect. Now - I can understand that even highly upvoted feature requests and bugs take time to be implemented, or might never get done. What I think you could improve is to communicate what your intentions are up front instead of having this stuff disappear in a black hole. 

It's a super simple question that shows no effort, nor it needs to be answered with an algorithm. Just pick a person somehow and redo if it's not acceptable. Unless we want to discuss how to generate random numbers, the rest of the answer is completely trivial. There's no need of an algorithm. On the other hand, there are very many famous examples of awesome companies that use our reputation points-based profiles to recruit top developers, for example Facebook, Skype, Tumblr, Amazon, Moo, Coursera, etc. 

The outcome of the flagging decline policy should be to have at the same time: 

In fact, we believe so strongly that good candidates have a solid reputation of getting things done and that high-reputation point users are likely to be good candidates that we built a whole careers site dedicated to this. 

So: yes with all you say, but can I equally ask SE staff to take care to at least acknowledge highly-upvoted, short, self-explanatory meta requests? 

There is a difference between pointing an insult to you personally, and pointing an insult to something you merely believe in, namely that in the latter case it's well within the boundaries of freedom of expression ("This idea blows goats") and not in the boundaries of personal attacks ("You blow goats"). 

What sites are there, similar to Stack Overflow, but in different languages? If you think a community's norms are out of whack, that a community seems to be welcoming material on a regular basis that a reasonable person would find offensive, a discussion about that might be needed. I don't know of any site that's anywhere close to doing that, but if you think one is, you should absolutely raise it either on that site's meta (if you're comfortable doing so) or via the "contact us" link (to reach SE). 

Along with removing the "beta" label, change the site logo and base design in some visible way. Graduated-but-not-yet-designed sites can all share the same different style, and the change doesn't have to be large (maybe just a change of color scheme), but it would help to do something. 

In contexts where all we have is the site logo -- the supercollider list, browser tabs, network profile, tweets, etc -- there's something to convey "not a beta". When I'm scanning one of these lists for a site my universe is currently broken into two groups: blue backgrounds with white characters, and everything else. It'd sure be nice if a newly-graduated site could be part of "everything else" (or, more realistically, a third group). At the end of the day, SO isn't a place for software recommendations. People go there because they want to answer (or find answers to) specific, practical, objective programming problems, not to provide or get software recommendations. People looking to provide or seek out software recommendations go to Software Recommendations. That more people are interested in answering practical programming problems than software recommendations doesn't make asking people uninterested in software recommendations to recommend software. After that you posted it on another wrong site (Programmers); not the one that you were told you should post it on (Webmasters). It was, entirely correctly, understandably, and politely, closed. You knowingly posted it on the wrong site here, I have no idea what else you could expect. You even got a brief answer to your question anyway. 

It is reasonable to require that people coming here to ask us to solve their problems for them to spend some time and effort in forming their questions. Quite simply, that's what it takes for them to get a quality answer, so they'll do it, whether they like it or not. On the other hand, if you let in all of the crap then the experts will just leave. They have no incentive to stay if most of the questions are of very low quality. That's how SO got to be what it is; the experts had no loyalty to other q/a sites because SO made being a subject expert a much more enjoyable experience.