If so, could you share your findings with us? It's MUCH easier for us to just deal with individual flags. @PaddedCell Just flag appropriately in a way that won't leave broken remnants of a conversation. It's much faster for us to go through them that way rather than digging through a user's entire timeline. Each individual flag we receive is ideally actionable with a few (or single) click. To the right of every comment, add a new link that shows on hover: Why not emphasize that more clearly, and leave figuring out what needs to happen to the team. Otherwise the complaint will be watered down by just another round of well-meant ideas from us Meta users, and discussion that will lead nowhere. Maybe this really needs to be reconsidered. Allowing comment downvoting might be the simplest and most painless way to encourage a friendlier athmosphere on SO. Show comment flags publicly, as small symbols next to the comment. Allow users to cast more flags, or dispute them. No point collecting ideas again that won't be acted on anyway, and discussing the merits and problems of long comment threads - we've done that plenty of times and the result appears to have been "it's not big enough a problem that any change is needed". The problem has not changed fundamentally on our, the users' end - we've always had endless dicsussions in comments. It's just the number of questions with long comment threads that has grown, along with the overall number of questions, and that might have become a problem on the moderators' end. If you encounter a RTFM link, and it's useful (because it contains a link to the correct manual entry), ask the comment's author to word it a bit more nicely first. Remember: Offensive-flagging just makes it go away, which is a shame if it's a useful link. There's been plenty of discussion and dozens of suggestions on how to make comments tidier / more limited / self-cleaning / auto-expiring. The option of hiding non-upvoted comments after 30 days has even been brought into play by Jeff himself if I remember correctly, and I think that's the way it's showed to non-logged-in users already. There is no indication to fellow users that something has been flagged. Such an indication would encourage inspection of the comment, and signify there may actually be a chance to get the comment removed. There are two reasons for deleting comments that I can see: Stack Overflow is not a place for extended discussion, that's why we have chat. If you want to have a discussion, take it there, or take it to meta as appropriate. We need a better method of deleting comments. Whether that's being able to select a large swath of comments at once (click and drag?), or to nuke all comments and then selectively undelete the ones that could stay, I don't know. What I do know is that the current method is unsustainable if the argument is that some comments should stick around. What I said was no longer relevant. I said something embarrassing, incorrect, or not-charitable. Both are well-served by me deleting my comment and getting on with my life. Some of the comments are borderline, but overall the problem is that you're being told something by the community ("Hey, post the code we need to see."), but you haven't responded to them. You haven't provided that code, and to top it off, you're jumping to the conclusion that it must be a problem in .NET. then it will stay around... for a while. In the long run, all comments are eventually useless, so don't expect to put good information into a comment, it should be in an answer. should show up in place of the comment I deleted. If I delete a comment, the text: Post all relevant code. Assume that Select isn't broken. Be engaged in your post, and when people come up with questions, update your post to answer those questions.