Thus each suit of 13 cards represents the 13 lunar months of the Earth year. Since the sidereal lunar month may be approximated to 28 days, each deck is equal to 364 days of the year. Hell is a state of mind, and exists all around us wherever anyone suffers, and in the after life, it may be the same "physical" place as Heaven. 

Catholics hold Tradition in high esteem, but (to my understanding), they believe that Tradition never conflicts with the Bible. 

Apparently official Mormon doctrine does (or did?) prohibit playing card games with a standard 52-card deck (Rook is permitted): When you think about it, this question is based on circular reasoning. 

Some groups may go so far as to prohibit all playing cards. And to scope the question away from "My uncle is a TE, and believes this", please focus on Theistic Evolutionists which have published their views in a book, magazine, or journal (peer review not required; self-published blogs and the like discouraged). 

More common is prohibiting the standard 52-card deck. Either because of its association with gambling, or the occult/astrology, apparently. 

Summary It's a common rule among certain, generally more conservative Christian groups, that card games should not be played, and the rule varies a lot in how strictly it is interpreted. It is also a rule which, like many such rules, has almost certainly been observed more strictly in the past than in the present. One thing to point out is, not all cardinals are currently Bishops (and historically there have been lay cardinals, so it's an error to conflate their position with Bishops, they do not act as cardinals as mediators in any way. 

Priests (as well as the Pope and the Bishops) act 'in persona Christi'. They forgive sins ,through God, because Jesus forgave sins and told the apostles to act accordingly (John 20:23). The very definition of priests is one who offers sacrifices for the people. You don't have to poke very far into Leviticus to find a biblical basis for priests acting like priests. Priests in the new covenant 'do this in remembrance of me', and they say this, not 'do this in remembrance of Jesus' during the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass in the Eucharistic prayer before communion. so long as you leave off the next verse 

Which rapture folks might be likely to do. 

Biblical Sources for sacraments 

Jesus established or sanctified all 7 sacraments in his short ministry and expects His priests to carry them out. He is commissioning the Apostles and their successors to act in His name. Not baptizing like John baptized, but baptizing like Christ baptized. 

Each of the above details of Jesus' death can be found in prophetic passages in the Old Testament (Tanakh), with Psalm 22 and Isaiah 53 as outstanding examples. All this to say, the Old Testament teaching about what foods were clean and what foods were unclean was highly practical. More important than practicality, however, was that 1) the teaching came from God, and he, above all, was to be obeyed and was worthy of Israel’s obedience; and 2) the rules by which the children of Israel were to live were designed to make them different, in a good sense, from people in the nations surrounding them. These nations and people groups, by and large, did not worship the one true God of the Israelites: YHWH (the LORD). 

If we miss the metaphorical import of this passage, we may be in danger of becoming neurotic in our attitude toward unbelievers and BELIEVERS alike ("This viewpoint has periodically reduced me to a nervous wreck"--your words). 

Having said that, however, just as there are always going to be controversial, "grey areas" of behavior within a given community of Christians today (as there was in the first century with the issue of meat sacrificed to idols--see Romans 8:1-9:15 and 1 Corinthians 9), so also will there be differences of opinion among well-meaning Christians as to whose conscience is correct and whose is not, as well as which secular laws and regulations must be obeyed and which may or must not be obeyed.