If so are these ahadith known, and what is their amount? Here are my References (all in Arabic so far): 

In his book he didn't say that all these 635 hadiths (or narrations) are fabricated or incorrect. But he said that they don't have any meaning/use or are not binding for Muslims: This means they don't affect anything in their live, for example who cares about what the Messenger (peace be upon him) used to wear (which colors) etc. as long as there is no clear order to do the same. There also other books like biographies of the Prophet which mostly start by quoting the situation in the Arabic peninsula before the birth of Muhammad, also quoting Abraham, his son Ismael and how Muhammad is a descendant of him, the tribes of Mekka (and Medina as the family of Amina the mother of Muhammad lived in Medina or Yatrib) and their relation ... These books are called seerah or sira or in plural syar books. Mostly they are reports based also on narrator chains, but most of them have major issues if one starts examining them from a hadith science view! These books may not have a major impact on the theology or rulings, but may explain how and why some rulings have come up and give a background for the jurisprudence. Is something i couldn't find and it is in the same text once quoted as a saying of our Prophet and once as an-athar, which means it has been transmitted as words or a statement of a sahabi or tabi'i! Well as a Muslim i'd like to say sahih al-Bukhari and sahih Muslim are the most authentic books of sunna but i think as they are human they could include some mistakes or fabrication. There are ahadith (hadiths) which allow wearing red clothes and others which prohibit it. 

This hadith is considered as abrogated by scholars like ibn Hebban with ahadith such as: 

as the midway explanation between prohibiting and allowing cupping for a fasting person. Al-Bukhari under (political) pressure? 

who compiled an other hadith (only available in Arabic so far) saying instead: This hadith has several issues in the narrator chain and is therefore qualified as mawdo' fabricated. 

Note that the version of Jami' at-Tirmidhi has been qualified as sahih! Gharib (means in Arabic strange) in the terminology of at-Tirmdihi may have different meanings: like it is an ahaad, it is a hadith which in his wording contradicts more sahih narrations etc. 

Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) was of medium stature. I saw him wearing a red mantle. I have never seen anything more graceful than that.