But there are tools out there like equity calculators. Equilab is as good free one. You range your opponents and get the equity of your hand. Tools can track metrics like if you are folding or bluffing the river too often. From the BB you have to play out of position but your pots odds change If they raise to 3 bb then you are getting 9:4 Still not getting pot odds for an over pair but if they entered from mid position then call (or maybe ever raise) From late position then raise - heads up 99 alone is likely to win Even if you need to hit the set what is the EV fb is future bets and is not discounted by 1/8 as if you don't hit you shut down fb to call - what is break even EV = -4 + 1/8(13) + fb = 0 4 - 13/8 = fb = 2.4 You only a need bet of 1/4 the pot called to get paid off IF you hit the set (and it holds up) A c bet pays you off But a set does not always win On the river you put out a proper sized value bet. And a proper sized re-raise for value. Especially given he had checked the prior two rounds I think you should bet out. A big problem with slow playing aces is you may have a player ready to get it all in pre flop. KK or AK (maybe even QQ) are likely to put it all in pre flop and you have them all dominated. You have built a pot and isolated - that is the best possible situation. Don't risk having it folded or called around to them and force them into making a proper play. I don't like to come in early with less than TT. You are likely to get raised so you need to be prepared to call. If you are going to limp and then fold to a 4BB raise that is a loosing proposition. Don't have a range that is check fold to even a small raise. Seveir could be doing this with a made flush and no ace but that is only KQ, T9, 98, and 87. But would he really lead out with T9 or lower. If you raise the risk is you fold out a pair. Even a small raise they call with a pair but then shut down on the turn. Call is the proper play. You are the BB and facing 2.5 BB open and one call. SB folded. You have 78s. Player(s) range from that position Discount 22-55 as they don't make as many straights and ace is a blocker. UTG+2 even if he has flush have outs to a boat On the flop checking you risk it checks around. Continue after the turn if you don't hit is another thing! One big factor is if you hit on turn you have you have two more rounds to get paid off. If they fire off 1/2 the pot again that is 1/2 of a much bigger pot and now you would need to get paid off on 1/2 of much much bigger pot on the river if you hit - not likely. And you need consider they are likely on 2 pair or trips to fire twice like that so now two of your outs are gone to a boat. Your outs are 7 of 46 = 4.6:1. At this point you hope they check to you as about all you can call is a 1/4 pot bet. I see a 1/2 pot call on the flop as trap you only use in the right situation that either gets sprung on the turn or not. If it works you don't want to just get paid off - you want it to sting. Let them think you cannot be chased off a draw with 1/2 pot bet. If you listen Seiver puts him on AQ or KQ and is absolutely disgusted he folded AA. Seiver has no club is why I think he made the play on the turn rather than the river as there is like 50% chance Reinkemeier has a big club.