Lace shot: This would be the footballs equivalent of a "smash". I would call it a typical, old-school English shot with Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard being two kings of this type of shot. Here's a video comparing those two players (the first 2 mins is relatively irrelevant fan stuff). Pros; full power on the shot, practically the entire motion of the leg is transferred to the ball. Cons; hard to control the accuracy, also ball path is usually pretty much straight 

The announcement of the additional time does not indicate the exact amount of time left in the match. The time may be increased if the referee considers it appropriate but never reduced. 

The release clause (RC) fee is the minimum amount of money that a club has to accept for a particular player. So to answer your question, if Player A has a RC fee of €40M, bidding €39,9M could be rejected if the club doesn't want to sell the player, but they cannot reject €40M, and thus have to give permission for the bidding team to offer a contract to the player in question. A recent example of this is transfer of German talent Mario Götze from B. Dortmund to Bayern FC for €37M. The really interesting bit of it all was the timing of announcement of this transfer as well as the clash between these two rival teams in the Champions League final 2013 on which the Götze did not play due to a hamstring injury. 

I remember a glorious Istanbul derby (GS-FB) in 2008-2009 season that ended 0-0 but with 4 reds and 4 yellows, but I cannot go as far to claim that it's the most red cards shown in the league history. It's perhaps worth mentioning that just the year before that the same teams tallied 4 reds and 11 yellows in a cup game. 

Allowance is made in either period for all time lost through: 

My second guess would be Thierry Henry, who has had an impressive career of 23 titles, including conference titles from MLS. 

Besides these you can of course shoot with your toes, or heel etc, but that's not that much different than shooting with your knee or shin; the ball hits you somewhere and if you are lucky and get a "clean" hit then the ball bounces back towards the goal. 

assessment of injury to players 

No matter which formation you end up using, it's good to keep in mind that modern football is going away from solid formations towards a more fluid teamplay. Essentially your backs will need to step up, while your CF will need to come to midfield to help out. In my experience the most valuable skill for a team in amateur leagues is to be able to handle pressure high up in the pitch. You should have a good strategy to get the ball out from defense without much fuss, and also keep a high pass completion ratio. 

In the case above Lucas Digne gets to the ball first and executes a textbook sliding tackle. A. Valencia tries to get to the ball, before the tackle and presumably wants to step on the ball to stop and avoid the tackle. Unfortunately for him, he's a bit too late (and too fast to stop so suddenly) so his step lands on Digne's foot. The reason it's a direct red, and that he doesn't even complain is due to the fact that he's going into contest for the ball with his studs "high". 

As a follow-up, how can one improve his/her shot power? 

What I can say from my personal experience is that the referee will consider two factors just before blowing the final whistle: 

Andrea Pirlo comes up with 18 titles if you count only club and international titles. He's won numerous individual awards as well. Also an olympic bronze :) 

That being said shots can be classified with the part of the foot that comes in contact with the ball, as SahuKahn has mentioned in his answer. I'll give more details: 

Both the golden goal and silver goal were removed from the Laws of the Game eventually. 

While I don't have the energy to check many more players, I'd wager the holder of most titles would be a player who won a lot, not only in clubs but also nationals. Also modern players would likely have more titles, simply because there are more competitions now, compared to what existed in the 50s. 

The only reference in Laws of the Game, to what you are asking is the following bit regarding the additional time: 

As soon as I read your question, and looked at the first formation graph (which is awesome btw) I came to think of the games I've played with my team. I recall that we almost always ended up playing in a 2-3-1 formation: 2 CBs which are solid in their build and good in their passing, one midfielder who'll be the joker being practically everywhere he's needed, 2 wingers who're quick (especially when playing counter-attack) and good in dribbling, and finally one forward who's up for some roughing, challenging the defenders as much and as often as he can. 

The ideal scenario is that the ball is either cleared to a neutral zone by a defender or for instance by a goal kick. It's of course not always the case, and based on circumstances the ref could blow the final whistle at a less than optimal situation.