Fiction stories routinely make incredibly evil people into seemingly likable heroes. "Birth of a Nation" presented the Ku Klux Klan has heroes fighting to save their nation from tyrants. I once saw a movie, forget the title, that presented Bonnie and Clyde, two gangsters who killed people so they could steal their money, as heroes. I saw a TV show once, supposedly based on a true story, about a woman who murders her husband, in which it was presented as justifiable because the husband was such an evil person. And when it got to the end, I thought to myself, wait, what did he do that made him so evil? When his neighbor's dog attacked his young child, he threatened to shoot the dog if it happened again. If a vicious dog bit your child, would you smile and say sweetly "bad doggie -- go home". He pressured his wife to wear sexy night gowns to bed. How outrageous, a man wants his wife to be sexy for him. He spoke harshly to his wife when she ran up credit card debts. Etc. But as I was watching the show, the way it was done they just had you saying, yeah, this guy deserves to die. Another way to make the character likable is to present him as a victim of a mental illness rather than as an evil person. Have him struggle with it, or at least have others talk about how he "just isn't the same person any more". Instead of, "Yeah, I beat people up for kicks, what's that to you?", make it, "I don't know what came over me yesterday. I attacked this poor woman for no reason. I try to stop myself but then the next day I do it again", etc. Knowing the Character The first step in developing any character is knowing who they are, and why they exist in your story. First, ask yourself how important the character is. Is he the main character? A secondary protagonist? A side character? A mere passing acquaintance? Knowing the answer to these questions will help you gauge how important your character is to your story. Only the important characters need serious development; those below them need only a basic direction, and those characters which we see only for a chapter or two need very little development indeed. That being said, it is best to err on the side of too much development, rather than too little. Know the importance of your characters, and how much development they need. 

What does you character think of himself? Is his opinion better or worse than he actually is? Why? Is he spot on? What made him come to such an accurate conclusion? 

One thing you should not do, however, is fall back on cliches. Cliches aren't all bad - after all, they are popular because they get the job done - but they have been used so much that they now feel stale and contrived. If, at any point, you find yourself thinking that you have seen the character you are creating somewhere else, in a book you read or a movie you saw, STOP IMMEDIATELY. An overused character cliche might have found its way into your writing (this also might not be the case; be sure). A problem I find that I have is that I will assume one trait means another, when in fact it is simply a well-established cliche which my mind automatically leapt to. Watch out for that. 

You know side character A needs to provide hope to the main character at a critical time during your plot, so she should have a personality which will allow for that. She likely shouldn't be a pessimist, for example. She probably doesn't give up easily. 

But my story is a plot-driven one that begins with a "crisis." (Think, earthquake or tsunami, or Dorothy Gale's tornado.) In such a situation, I need to know that Dorothy is from Kansas, and is a "hick from the sticks," but not about how she lives her everyday life on a farm that she's about to leave. So you can have characters that are "similar" to others; just don't describe them in the same way as other people. 

The princess is an unusual one, because she is willing to look past the knight's "status" to who he really is. Most princesses aren't that way, because they expect to be queens someday; the classic counterexample is Marie Antoinette, who was a princess before she became Queen of France. 

I am not a lawyer and am answering as a writer, and prospective juror. How will he make his choice? Will the sweetheart "fall down" and the princess come through? Will there be a "national emergency" that goes beyond the personal emergency of the knight saving the princess' life and will that help define the knight's choice? That was the plot of Aida. If the knight elects the sweetheart and not the princess, will that be a tragedy, or will she go about her business of finding another one? 

You seem to be worried about "defamation" which consists of publishing statements that are 1) false 2) reasonably (and wrongly) believed to be true) and 3) are "highly offensive" to a reasonable third party.