What is the top speed hit during a sprint on flat ground in a road race by a professional sprinter, say, someone like Cavendish? So my question is, am I correctly attributing the sound to the wheels and, if so, why do deep section wheels sound different than a regular wheel? It could be happening because of improper position/bit fit (saddle too high/bars too low), weak core, bars are too narrow for your frame (approx. chest width), etc. Edit: These are the hubs I was originally asking about, manufactured by enve. They have a full carbon shell and flange. The flange is not drilled, the holes are molded as such. Is there an official record for this and if so who holds it currently? Recently I got a pair of really nice mid section wheels (Zipp 303 firecrest disc). I'd start by raising the stack height a bit so that you lean on your wrists with less weight; your position will be more upright and less aerodynamic. Along with this, make sure your saddle is properly adjusted for height. More importantly you should try strengthening your abdominal muscles. With a stronger core you will be able to support yourself less with your arms/wrists. I'm beginning to see manufactures making carbon hubs and am wondering if they have the potential to perform better than conventional metal hubs or if they are just a way to save a couple of grams of weight, possibly at the expense of performance. I normally ride regular 700c alloy wheels around town and for sport. Not deep section in any way. They're great, no noise or complaints. From my own experience on a Specialized Allez and Secteur - both similar Aluminum road bikes, the latter considered more comfort/endurance - I can say that I have had wrist pain on long rides and the core strengthening was really all that helped me, regardless of my position in relation to the bars. You might also try some bar gel under your tape for extra comfort. Answer: No - you can't just move the brake levers up the curve of the handlebar drops. If you did this, the bar tape would be bunched up above the hoods and skinnied-out below the hoods. Locally, milk tanker drivers are awesome at passing with extreme room. They don't slow down from their permitted maximum of 90 km/h but they will give me a full lane of passing space where possible, which is 5-6 metres. So your $550 of repairs would be about the same if your bike originally cost $2k. Seems there are studies showing both: Resin or Organic: Non-metallic, porous, worse in water. Much better initial grab, quicker wearing I made a couple of clamps out of thin sheet metal for my rack, which wrap around the seat stays and bolt through the rack. Grand total of $711. I've ridden this bike 7047 km in 15 months, so it cost me 10.1 cents per kilometre, or about $48 a month. 3) Tiagra, 10 speed, but better at shifting than claris and sora 2) Sora, 9 speed. Relatively uncommon on new bikes becuase 10 is a two-digit number (that's the reverse of Shopkeeper's pricing theorum where another digit makes it look more than just one more.) Now, for most of us the answer to this is to lose 10% in weight and 10% in body fat, but that's a different story ;-) And you've got 8 years advantage over me. Well done and good luck! If I were you I would satisfy myself as to the quality of the carbon frame of the bike you're considering, and provided it looks decent, to go down the carbon route. You'll need to take account of possible clearance issues between frame/brakes/wheel also - it might well be that the frame you have restricts what tyres you can use, so bear this in mind. Or are you looking at riding faster/further? Well, maybe you've got an argument in that case for getting a new bike. But again, the type of bike to buy should probably be driven by the type of riding you intend doing. Note that while a triple chainset will make climbing easier, that's not to say that climbing is not possible with just a double chainset. Far from it. You'll probably find that most seasoned cyclists (and all professional cyclists I think) will ride with a double chainset. I think your reasoning about theft is likely wrong, or at the very least governed by geography. I can imagine certain places where it is ultra-cool to ride a fixie, and therefore they would be in strong demand. For example, London, Tokyo, probably other cities too. I mean, these things are largely fashion accessories. Also I think buying a bike because it is less likely to get stolen is a recipe for disaster (especially when it gets stolen).