We also say, or might potentially say, all kinds of things that are verbal content but do not refer to outside stuff "My favorite unicorn is indigo with salmon spots." 

The logic isolates and clarifies some aspect of thought or language. That part of thought would still be there without being formalized, and would pretty much act the same way, perhaps less efficiently, except to the extent that the formalism feeds back into the content that the reasoning has at its disposal. 

But the rest of your questions are answered by actually looking at the theory as it evolves. It is simply the best theory to cover what we observe. The Schroedinger equation is a generalization of a set of observations and the math they had in common, unifying an underlying notion of overlapping waves, whose exact phases we cannot know, combining in the most likely way. Its outputs are statistical because its inputs involve unknown quantities. It is not a philosophical statement, and does not address philosophical objections. But the results of experiments fit the distributions it predicts. So we keep it. 

Negation has problems of its own. We could follow down the Cretan paradox, etc. But enough thought has been invested here for us to realize that negation is a very unstable operation in general. Real things have real opposites, instead of vague lacunae. Whereas negative statements can be absolute nonsense. There is no call to depend upon the less certain form. 

From a more materialist para-Kantian point of view, space, time, color and other mathematical and perceptual models are our evolved approximations to reality, they are not real, beyond their effects upon us. They do not reflect the essential nature of the matter behind them, but they are themselves essentially and totally ours, and we can fully understand them. 

So some religions are structured in a way that makes an arbitrary distinction between magic and more genuine religious expectations easier to make. It is easy for me to look at my grandparent's prayers to Mary in three different forms, St. Thomas and St. Jude as more 'magical' than my sibling's prayers "In Jesus Name". Other religions, like those that choose to call themselves 'Witchcraft' and 'Satanism' on purpose, abolish the distinction and choose to call it all Magic, to make the point of identifying with the less refined, less pretentious practitioners of other religions. However it is made, the distinction within a religion is only relative. It is all religion, and, when effects are sought, it is also all magic. 

Aristotle's principle is the doctrine of the four causes, in Latin: causa materialis, causa formalis, causa efficiens and causa finalis (Chapt. 7). 

Besides the linguistic question of the meaning of nothing, of course there is the much deeper problem about the beginning of our world. 

2) I agree with you that causa finalis does not apply to physical objects. But to a certain degree it applies to animals and plants when considering the role of genes. Of course, the genotype defines only the domain of possibilities. Not every possibility will be realized. Most of all causa finalis describes the way that humans make their decisions. 

But the entry in SEP, which runs under the heading “The modern metaphysics”, continues to bring into dicussion the God concept. In my opinion, we should have learnt the lecture from history of science: It it always confusing when mixing scientific questions with theological or even religious ones. 

In your example the substance is bronze statue. Besides giving its substance as the first category, the object has a set of further properties, e.g. some of the categories no. 2-10, see Aristotle: The Categories. 1b25-2a4. E.g., the colour determines the category qualification. The value of these further categories may change during the lifetime of the object in question. And this change is captured by the terms potentiality and actuality.