According to its readme, it won't work on GTA Online. Exclamation mark in red diamond. — Press melee key (default F). The mod, Better Dialogue Controls is an attempt to fix this. The Radio Assistance key will be bound to Left ALT. It has a feature that can "convert unmovable, invisible outfit follower has to regular gear that can be removed so followers will wear whatever player places in their inventory". This is presumably also to avoid getting the player banned if they have the Script Hook installed and are attempting to play multiplayer. So it'll only work in singleplayer and you'd have to remove it when going online. The mod you linked to, TCG - Tradable Companion Gear can indeed allow you to remove all of your follower's equipment, even those that are considered part of your follower's "default gear" (doesn't appear in the follower's inventory, and is unremovable in the vanilla game) - the Blades armor, in this case. Screenshots (from http://mrhaandi.blogspot.com/p/injectsmaa.html): Also, use BOSS to optimize the load order of the mods and DLCs. You can use the Ultimate Follower Overhaul mod to make sure that all items that your follower has in their inventory is viewable (and removable). BOSS also provides thousands of plugin-specific messages, including usage notes, Bash Tag suggestions, requirements, incompatibilities, bug warnings and installation mistake notifications. To make the engine allocate a larger block of memory it needs to be patched. I assumed that 'Off' will turn off 'Low Detail Models' (enabling high detail models - please correct me if I'm wrong). However, I'm not sure what the 'One, Two, Three and Four Player' options do exactly. Does it have anything to do with the number of racers currently on the screen, or racing at the current track? Also, it might be the case of the ol' Savegame bloating. Try the Unofficial Skyrim Patch (UKSP). Among its fixes are: Anyone know how I could do this? (What are the Invisible Exploding Fireball Arrows' refID?) The PC Gaming Wiki's "Tomb Raider (2013) - QTE (quick time event) Steamlining" guide should help: Since Post Processing is pretty much a catch-all term for different kinds of visual or graphics effects, I'm wondering if I should disable it or not, depending on its effects specific to Dead Space 2. SMAA is a very efficient GPU-based MLAA implementation, capable of handling subpixel features seamlessly, and featuring an advanced pattern detection & handling mechanism. I was wondering how this will affect or stack with in-game skill rate modifiers, like Standing Stones. For example, if I have The Lover Stone's effects (learn all skills 15% faster) active, how will this affect or stack with the 2x Skill Increase mod? How much total skill increase rate will I get? List of QTEs and possible solutions: From: http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/27371/ A usual occurrence of this issue is the 'invisible' Hunting bow that some followers also prefer to use, despite being given a better bow. The Unofficial Skyrim Patch (USKP) fixes that issue. If it still crashes, skip the opening sequence by using the Alternate Start - Live Another Life mod. The initial Steam Early Access version has no equivalent key for the Xbox 360 version's D-pad down button (Radio Assistance). However, there is a keybind fix: Keybind fix from: Undead Labs forums post by user, thexshadow AFAIK, the driver software for both Nvidia and AMD/ATI can't force non-post processing AA in GTA IV due to how GTA IV's graphics engine was made (or rather, how it was ported to the PC from the console platform). Download the prototypeactionmap.xml file here and then go to the "State of Decay\Game" folder. Then, create a new folder inside it named "libs", and then open "libs" and then make a folder inside it named "config". Then, move prototypeactionmap.xml to the "config" folder you created. Does anyone know the equivalent keyboard keys for the PC version? Try also installing the Unofficial Skyrim, Dawnguard, Hearthfire, Dragonborn and High Resolution DLC patches. They fix a lot of bugs within the game and the DLCs, preventing some of the possible crash reasons. I believe it works for all items, not just outfits. It is commonly used to fix the issue where the follower insists on equipping a particular weapon or wearing a particular armor, which is not viewable and removable in a follower's inventory. I was reading the UESP wiki's "Skyrim Glitches" article, when I came upon this gem: Pressing Left Alt should now make the radio assistance menu appear. I have installed the 2x Skill Increase mod (it also has a 'half-increase' version), which claims to "double the skill increase rate for all skills". What does the 'One, Two, Three and Four Player' options in the 'Low Detail Models' graphical setting do? Another mod that you might want to try is: SSME - Skyrim Startup Memory Editor. I especially would like to know if it does post process-AA (like FXAA), as I am already forcing 8x MSAA on Dead Space 2 in my graphics card's driver. The Radio Assistance menu can be used to build an outpost in the location one is making the call from. If a location where you can build an outpost doesn't have any resource crates anymore (either I already took it in my rucksack, or already taken by scavengers), can I still make a radio call and build an outpost there?