The Washington Post reports that the top 0.1 percent of earners would save nearly $200,000 a year if taxes on salaries and investments are repealed as the new bill stipulates. Medical and pharmaceutical companies would also benefit from some of those tax repeals, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation, which cost those companies millions each year. 

It shows that when incomes decrease, the Obamacare tax credits would be more beneficial. But for people with higher incomes, the new plan would be more beneficial. U.S. Senate Republicans unveiled a tax plan on Thursday that differed from the House of Representatives’ version on several key fronts, including how they treat the corporate tax rate, the tax deduction for state and local taxes, and the estate tax. 

Another difference: the 30 percent would be paid to the insurance companies, not the federal government, as is the case under the ACA. 

a provision of the corporate tax-reform plan House Republicans are planning to take up after Trump’s inauguration — the so-called “border adjustment.” 

Do most republican tax reforms historically favor the wealthier demographics? 

Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto has said: 

Obviously the biggest difference would be the mandate would be elminated but there's a lot of other things that it differs from ACA. We still don't fully understand this bill and Republicans have been having close door meetings lasting 20+ hours. 

The Joint Committee on Taxation released an estimate Tuesday that said repealing or delaying some of the taxes currently engrained under Obamacare, as the new plan seeks to do, would cause the government to lose around $500 billion in revenue. As of this moment, here's what Republican health care would look like according to the LA Times and recent reports from the budget committee: Trump has said his wall could cost up to $12 billion, but a Washington Post study estimated the wall would cost $25 billion. this doesn't include hiring border agents, 24/7 monitoring, repairs, upkeep etc.. Will you get more options? The bill aims to create more options and a larger variety of insurance plans to choose from, though exactly what insurance companies decide to do with the plans they offer remains unknown. 

How many illegal immigrants get into the US without crossing a wall? Peña Nieto had similarly refuted the notion following a September meeting with then-candidate Trump in Mexico. 

The Kaiser Family Foundation has put together an interactive map that estimates the differences in tax credit estimates a person would receive under Obamacare versus the new health care plan. There's no set number on how much it would cost, we can only estimate based on the length, height and materials used. Is there a tax cut for the wealthy? Many have already criticized the bill as essentially being a tax cut for the wealthy. The new bill does in fact eliminate several taxes on people earning more than $200,000 a year that the CBO estimates would generate $346 billion over the next 10 years if Obamacare is left as is. The legislation also would reduce the deficit by $337 billion over the next 10 years largely from Medicaid reductions and the elimination of the ACA's subsidies for nongroup health insurance, the CBO found. Pre-existing conditions: House Republicans introduced their bill to repeal Obamacare's individual mandate that also aims to maintain coverage for people with pre-existing conditions and allow children to stay on their parents' plans until the age of 26. So in that regard, they are similar to ACA. The measure would offer individuals refundable tax credits to purchase health insurance and restructure the country's Medicaid program so that states receive a set amount of money from the federal government every year 

While the ACA provided tax credits and subsidies for people based mostly off their income, the new bill focuses more heavily on aiding people in getting insurance by using tax credits to offset costs. 

Who will benefit, who will hurt? Analysis from The Associated Press says that young, healthy people will likely benefit more from the new plan than older people who have ailments more often because of the elimination of subsidies for out-of-pocket expenses and deductibles. 

The map also shows that counties not in the Denver-Colorado Springs metro areas would be more negatively-affected by the new plan. It also says that lower-income people would get less in tax credits in most cases than they would under Obamacare. 

Will you pay more or less for insurance? Many things will factor into the answer to this question, but the primary factor will be one’s age. The recent Republican tax reform bill has been criticized as being a "tax cut for the wealthy." Under the draft plan, if a person lets their coverage lapse for more than 63 days, they would have to pay 30 percent more for their plan once they re-signed.