Franklin Delano Roosevelt had just won reelection in 1940, famously stating "Your boys are not going to be sent into any foreign wars". This statement came due to a political necessity, even FDR a man running for an unprecedented 3rd term as president did not have the political legs to confront directly the non interventionists. http://www.politifact.com/texas/statements/2014/jun/13/ken-paxton/us-army-was-smaller-army-portugal-world-war-ii/ (*) The United States has been the world's largest national economy in terms of GDP since at least the 1920s https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_the_United_States#cite_ref-Digital_History_41-1 

The term I think you are looking for is Republic. Today we like to mix the terms Republic and Democracy. The founding fathers of the United States were very clear on the differences. The founding fathers didn't agree on much, but they all agreed they were creating a Republic and did not trust Democracies. A democracy killed Socrates. They were very concerned with a democracy's ability to protect the rights of a minorities from the tyranny of the majority. Concerns that the people would be influenced to act against their best interests, or those of their fellow citizens by smooth talking charlatans. That is why they created a constitutional republic, with a bill of rights and never intended to create a democracy. Given the facts that the North did not have slavery, and wasn't entertaining starting up slavery.. the number of folks in the north who opposed slavery and thought it was a brutal immoral practice were likely quite high. 

At the end of two years in Panama Eisenhower was ready to attend the Army's CGSC at Leavenworth Ka, only due to stiff competition and the official reprimand on his record Eisenhower could not get one of the limited infantry postings to the college. General Fox Connors again pulling strings had Eisenhower transferred to the Adjutant General’s Corps where he received one of their two postings for the war college. On page 262, August 6 2001, It says: Then at a party celebrating Thomas Jefferson, Calhoun tried to trap Jackson into endorsing his states rights platform. Jackson toasted the Union making Calhoun look foolish. (1) Japan wasn't an industrialized country. Japan at the onset of WWII could muster at best about 10% of the United States industrial output. They were a feudalistic agrarian society with an oversized miltary. The United States was already the leading industrial economy in the world, with a rather undersized military in 1941. A war of attrition, which is what WWII turned into, was not ever going to favor a Japanese victory. Japan's strategy was to hit hard and hope for a negotiated peace. When that failed so did any chance for a Japanese victory. Regardless of the quality of their soldiers they were outclassed by US production across the board. Take the battle of Iwo Jima for example.. 

YES absolutely. Even as late as the 1960's guys like George Wallace and Bull Connors made support of racism in general and the klan specifically their political base. After finishing first in his class at the Command and General Staff school Eisenhower had his choice of postings. Conventional wisdom would have had Eisenhower take a position on Pershing's staff. Eisenhower alternatively from Jan-Aug 1927 decided to take a posting writing guidebooks of WWI battle fields and then again from July 1928-September 1929. This job would have him interviewing senior officers some retired many still active, and writing about their decisions in WWI. This was considered an extremely odd/risky choice for a young up and coming officer. He would be in a position which could be seen as criticizing senior officers. This decision also drew a lot of attention to Eisenhower, as did the professional way he handled his posting. From then on his career was on the fast track. November 1929-February 1933, assistant to the Secretary of War. 1933-September 1935 Chief Military Aid to Army Chief of Staff (General MacArthur) etc.. 

The influential "American First Committee" characterized by anti-semitic and pro-fascist rhetoric. Started on September 4, 1940, it was dissolved on December 10, 1941, three days after the attack on Pearl Harbor had brought the war to America. Membership peaked at 800,000 paying members in 450 chapters. It was one of the largest anti-war organizations in American history. Membership included future US Presidents, future Supreme Court Justices, and other future famous government leaders. A secondary weapon system on both German and American submarines in WWII were deck guns which required sailors to man them above deck. Typically 3 man gun crew, with more men running shells. 

Another interesting and great question!!! 

Another Example... How many Capital Ships did the United States produce between Dec 1941 and 1945? Literally thousands. How many did Japan produce. None.. They basically fought the war with what they had. They lost 4 aircraft carriers at midway, and never produced a single fleet carrier which production started after Dec 7th... Andrew Jackson was a bad dude. He once fought a duel with someone who was a better shot than himself. (Charles Dickinson) His strategy was to hold his fire, getting shot square in the chest and then calmly killing his opponent. When questioned on his tactics he says, "I would have killed him if he had shot me in my brain." 

This practice was only abandoned in 1923, due to public and political pressure. 

Two quotes come to mind. The first some sources say is disputed whether Jackson actually said it. Wiki Quotes. However, the quote is widely reported including (Washington Post, Charlotte Observer and Dictionary Quotes)and is in character for Jackson a man who fought 103 duels before becoming president, did repeatedly threaten people who he felt wronged him, and who once beat an armed assassine nearly to death with his cane after the man tried to shoot him, twice. see Richard Lawrence