Any tool that we use for anything — up to and including written and spoken language — can be construed as technology; but one can also adopt cruder technologies instead of more advanced ones, or simpler technologies in place of more sophisticated ones. By "technologism", I mean a generic preference to use more advanced technologies over less advanced ones; or rather, more sophisticated technologies over less sophisticated ones. 

About cardinals and ordinals Cardinals describe a notion of size. That is: how many of some type of object are there? In this respect, cardinals are a generalization of the whole numbers: 0, 1, 2, etc. They are an appropriate way to describe the size of a set. As Mozibur indicates, we do this by matching up elements of the set we wish to measure, with another set. (This is exactly what we do when we count: when you recite "one", "two", "three", "four", and so forth, you are giving each of the items you count a temporary name, matching an item with the name of a number to find out what cardinal describes the size of the set. For infinite sets, we also apply this idea of matching the elements of a set with those of a cardinal number.) 

If we declare that the Continuum Hypothesis is false, do there suddenly exist for us objects, whose existence were previously only contingent? Is the power set of the real numbers — an analytically defined construct — a different object depending on whether or not we assert the Continuum Hypothesis to be true? This does not seem a particularly constructive way to consider things; but tastes vary. 

We then proceed to define 2ω2 as the limit of all ordinals obtained by adding combinations of ω and finite integers to ω2; and then we may come to define 3ω2 and 4ω2; and eventually we may come up with the idea of defining ω3 as the limit of all of the ordinals involving combinations of ω2, ω, and finite integers. We may go about defining ω4, and ω5, until eventually after infinitely many iterations we are moved to define ωω, and ωω+1, ωω+2, ω2ω, and the process never really stops. 

They are two different approaches towards understanding the notion of the infinite. (They can be used for finite quantities as well, but they coincide in that case, so it's a bit boring.) There are other approaches as well, but they tend to be derivative concepts of at least one of cardinality or ordinality. 

So: can mathematics define singularity? Yes. Can it do so without proceeding to "first"? Yes again — if you are determined to be lazy. Just because we can take a universe with one element (or a set with one element) and embed it in a larger mathematical context, doesn't mean that you must. But note that "1" is not the "unique first element" (!!) in the standard formulation of set theory. The first constructed element — what in perverse and awkward mathematical parlance, one calls the zeroeth constructed element — is the empty set, or zero. But even this may only be constructed by virtue of there existing an infinite set, per the axiom of infinity. So in fact the "first" element in ZFC is a "dead heat" between an infinite number of elements, of completely unspecified identity or cardinality — we cannot even say if there are more than Aleph-Null of them, nor whether 1 is among them. This goes to show that we may speak of first-ness, uniqueness, and the number 1, but that none of them necessarily "implies" any of the others in the way that you describe. 

Social custom. Another problem with technologism is peer pressure not just to acquire more devices, but to do the things which these new devices facilitate. Twenty years ago, mobile phones were very uncommon. Today, if you do not have one, co-ordinating with you may prove to be frustrating for those of your friends who are accustomed to planning around being able to get in contact with people at a whim. A mobile phone facilitates an activity which becomes normalized, so that not adopting the technology becomes a choice with important social consequences, even if you are only adopting the tool for the utility of someone else. E-mail is another such phenomenon, as indeed are web-pages: what is the motivation for having a highly-ranked webpage in the first place (assuming that it is not merely a personal whim), except that you have services or ideas that you wish to be easily found by others, and Google-searching has become the normalized medium to do so (in place for instance of the Yellow Pages)? 

When do we distinguish one mathematical object from another? If we operate within a formal system, we may choose to adopt the premise that 0 has no predecessors (giving rise to the non-negative integers) or not (giving rise instead to a group, which may be the integers, or perhaps an additive cyclic group). If we suspend any axiom determining which, then both systems are models for the resulting set of axioms. What does contingency mean, apart from having significantly different possible models for the axioms? 

Mathematics can certainly describe the singular, for instance, in the instance of singleton sets. Prash's answer describes this perfectly well in terms of predicates: 

Having said that, here is my stab at answering your question as I understood it. 

which says that there is an object y, such that the only object in the universe is y.