http://www.fifa.com/mm/document/footballdevelopment/refereeing/02/36/01/11/27_06_2014_new--lawsofthegameweben_neutral.pdf 

Although a formation is not required by the rules, it is often possible to tell what a formation will look like by examining the players that will be on the field. Some players are generally attackers, some defenders, and some midfielders. You can also sometimes tell based on knowledge about the coach - what formations has s/he used in the past in different situations. 

The FIFA Rules of the game don't actively say anything about two-legged tackles. Tackles, in fact, are only mentioned twice in the rulebook. 

So a two-footed tackle itself is not illegal. It's only illegal if it is careless, reckless or made with excessive force. The reason why two-footed tackles are often punished is because they are more likely to be careless/reckless. The big danger is that you catch the other player's feet/ankles between your legs, which can easily lead to a sprain, twisted ankle, or (less easily, but most dangerous) broken ankle. For this reason, many players will tuck back one of their legs when attempting a slide tackle - both for a cleaner tackle and for the safety of the other player. 

First mention (Page 36, Law 12 - Fouls and Misconduct): 

So, to answer your specific questions: 

There is no limit to the number of red cards that a referee can give, though the game would be stopped as soon as there are less than 7 players of a team remaining legally on the pitch. 

As of Law 3 in the FIFA Law Book, there cannot be less than 7 players of a team, on the field during play. In effect, a maximum of 4 on-field players of the same team can be dismissed. Once 5 on-field players (substitutes do not count) of the same team are red carded, the match ends. If the referee has red-carded 4 players and all 7 substitutes of each team (22 players in total), the game can still continue, provided there are no further red cards to players of either side. 

The law (for continuation of the game) however, states only the on-field players. There is no limit to the number of red cards that can be shown to the substitutes on the bench, the manager and the coaching staff. Also, red cards can be handed to the on-field players/substitutes/coaching staff after the game has ended based on the referee reports and video analysis (wherever applicable). 

The record for the most red-cards handed out in a single match is during a fifth tier Argentinian league game between Claypole and Victoriano Arenas, where 36 red cards were shown. 

These are designed to alert the referee to his other officials, one of which may need to bring something to his attention. 

Law 12 (Misconduct) of the Laws of the Game state: 

Another point not mentioned is that sometimes a manager will bring off a star performer in the final minutes/seconds of the game so that they get the ovation that they deserve. 

Just to add some illustration to the existing good question and answers. The top five goalscoring (excluding penalty kicks) defenders in the history of the Premier League are: 

Why it's better to be the home team 

In addition to this, there are a myriad different rules and guidelines for shorts, relating to numbering, manufacturer's logo and team badge but nothing specifying the length of the shorts. 

Headbands and wristbands reduce the problem of sweat and rain and remain a personal choice as to whether the player wears them. 

This can, indeed, be a factor. Although it's less likely that a manager brings on a player to earn his appearance fee, the number of caps a player has earned in a season can be important.