Yes, de iure, it is possible for the future prime minister to be someone who is determined not to pay attention to the referendum. Because the U.K. Parliament picks the prime minister, it would almost certainly have to mean that a majority of the lawmakers finds this attitude acceptable, too. The only problem is that this politician and those who adopt his or her attitude are flagrantly dismissing the will of the people. It's something not expected in the U.K. which is one of the cradles of democracy, freedom, and capitalism. 

The legally expected steps now are the following: At one moment, the British government must send a letter to the European Council or make a speech saying that they formally activate the "Article 50" of the EU treaty (which is about the exit). From that moment, a 2-year window will be dedicated to negotiations. Some majorities of EU countries have to agree with the proposals, and so on. If the agreement isn't completed within the 2-year deadline, the treaties with the U.K. will cease to apply regardless of consequences at that moment of the year 2018. On the other hand, David Cameron is already helping this scenario. The very fact that he wants to avoid the "activation of Article 50" – he doesn't want to send the letter to the European Commission saying that the departure process is being officially started and he wants his successor to do it – means nothing else than the fact that Cameron wants his successor to have the freedom to decide whether the letter is sent at all. 

To summarize, the causal relationship goes exactly in the opposite direction than you suggest. Whether the U.K. is a member or not is an important condition that determines many aspects of the life of the country. It's not true in the opposite direction, as you suggest, that its membership can be "calculated" from the way what the life in the country actually looks like. And your expectations about what will happen are rather unrealistic. The prospective British prime ministers don't seem to be willing to continue in the open-door immigration policies, for example. The massive influx of people from the Middle East but also from post-communist Europe will be severely reduced or stopped once the U.K. officially leaves the EU. One must realize that the departure of the U.K. has the other side as well. The EU will try to influence things in various ways. I think that the most important EU officials have understood that a majority of the Britons isn't really compatible with the kind of the EU they want to build. So politicians like Juncker probably actively want the U.K. to leave. But as discussed in a previous question, they have no legally prescribed procedures to expel a member state. The referendum result means nothing from the perspective of the EU law – only the letter activating Article 50 would. At the same moment, politically, everyone who matters agrees that the result of the referendum is rather clear and cannot be ignored. 

The U.K. voters have voted to be "out" so if their voice will be respected, and that's surely what one expects in this cradle of democracy and capitalism, Britain will be out regardless of all details of the type you mentioned. Norway is more closely associated with the EU than Switzerland. But even in Norway, only a minority – 10 or 20 percent – of the EU laws apply. The percentage is much lower in Switzerland. The spirit of the Brexit discussion was that the Brits voted to be much closer to Switzerland than Norway when it comes to their relationship to the EU. 

The answer whether Britain will be "in" or "out" cannot be determined solely from the assumptions you gave. If the U.K. stays in the EU, obviously "everything like elsewhere in EU" will be still true. But the reverse implication isn't quite true. And it's unlikely that the U.K. stays "in". 

When it comes to privacy protection from the government, the situation is different. For example, even in a criminal case where all of the standards for a search warrant are met, you cannot be legally compelled to supply a password or encryption key in the U.S., while in Europe you can be so compelled. In the U.S., this is considered a violation of the 5th Amendment, which, among other things, says that you can't be forced to be a witness against yourself. (Edit: As Dan pointed out in the comments, apparently a circuit split now exists with regard to this in the U.S., so the issue will likely end up being addressed by the Supreme Court.) 

Since government limitations on what data Internet companies can store on users (with the permission of the user) is inherently a limitation on what contracts private entities may enter into with each other, the U.S. has been more reluctant than Europe to create such limitations, just as it is with other limitations on private contracts (or private actions in general.) In general, this bans the government from searching or seizing without your consent any of your property or communications (or yourself) without a warrant showing that you've probably committed or are about to commit a specific crime and specifically describing what can be searched or seized (and this is interpreted by courts to only extend to things which could reasonably by construed to be likely to provide evidence of that specific crime.) In addition to the protections granted in the 5th Amendment, the 4th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution states that: It's not really a matter of privacy itself being taken more seriously in Europe. It's more a matter of a differing view in the proper role of government. In the U.S., at least traditionally, the proper role of the government has been seen to be more limited than in Europe. While this is perhaps somewhat less true today than 200 years ago, it has still been true to a large degree for the entire existence of the U.S. This includes less government limitations on what contracts private parties (whether individuals, private organizations, or businesses) are allowed to enter into with each other.