As for buy cheap new my advice is no. Cheap new you are going to get wheels that flex and bend on the first crash. You get racers that upgrade every few years and have worn out the front fork - replace it with a rigid. You need a bike that is going to be solid under you. Nice wheels alone are $400. I would budget $800. 

On single track it goes both ways. Your preference and the nature of the single track. 

As for worth fixing. If it is just a service it would be like $40? But you take the risk the service does not fix it. You can get a cheap wheel for less than $100. No shocks makes it more worth fixing in my opinion as you have less other stuff to go wrong. If other than that is runs OK I would fix it. 

If you have the budget for 2 then maybe start with an endurance bike as with smaller tires it is a pretty legitimate road, trainer, and city bike. 

This could be just a stiff chain. Clean and lube the chain. When carbon forks came out there was a lot of scare they are not as strong. A fork takes a lot of stress and you you see a lot of carbon forks today. 

I don't practice skinnies but I do know that a low pressure is better for crawling over wet roots and rocks. 

Some wheels are set up that you can put a freewheel (or fixed) on both sides. White has a freewheel that has two gears. But that is not multi-speed - that is a bike that can be set up with different fixed. 

Suspension and gears cost money. Put that money into better frame and components. 

But you don't know your bike would handle any better with 650. In an earlier post you said you liked your wife's bike. Wheel size is not the only difference unless they are otherwise the same bikes. Put your wife's wheels on your bike and try for yourself. My 29er is better than my old 26 is every way. If the wheel is not centered then it will rub on one side first Make sure it is centered 

If you land front wheel first the rear wheel is going to come around and only get worse. When the rear does touch it will be out of alignment. As you absorb with your arms you only get more forward and go out the front. If you extend your arms and put you weight back as far as you can you have to take the whole hit. Your body is not in a position to help absorb the landing. 

On a skate board type application it is effective 

You pretty much never land in perfect alignment and even if you do you get pushed around. Then you have a class called endurance. It is a versatile bike that is (typically) more roady than a CX. Look for one that will take 32mm (or even 35mm) tires. If it only goes to 28mm it is too roady for what you describe. For longer braking like a long down hill then modulate to cool the brakes. But that is a different modulation in you should come all the way off to get some air cooling between the brake surface and the pad. If it is centered and no excessive flex then the tire is too large If you cannot get the tip of your pinky finger between the tire and frame then you most likely don't have enough clearance 2.1 is extra-ordinary if the bike want not built for it - that is cross I have a pure mountain bike that tops out at 2.1 

First I would not characterize a $1200 CX as low end. Yes since they are typically sold for race the starting point is around $1200. But overall I would not call that a low end bike. It is going to have solid frame and mid range components. 

The clearance is only 1/2 the difference so a change of about 2 cm. But 2 cm is enough to notice. Not just clearance you change geometry. But that may be a good thing for your supertanker. 

On a skate board you want a wide contact patch. On a skate board you absolutely don't want the wheel to tilt. The idea is to keep the width but reduce contact area. The reduced contact patch has lower rolling resistance. Within the virtual flat contact surface are circular surfaces that will shed debris (small rocks). They can also can go with softer material so you give back on rolling resistance but get softer ride and more grip. They are not taking over the skate board market but they have a niche and it may grow to dominate. It is more than just a fad with no real value. And some people will buy it because it looks cool.