Anyway, trust your instincts. If you think your baby is happier if it is fed, do it. If you are happier and less worried if you feed it, do it. Don't mind other people babbling on the Internet. Your baby will eventually grow out of waking up every few hours and I daresay dreamfeeding will not postpone that time by much (if at all). Our three month old daughter has recently started to have trouble falling asleep. Not even falling - she has trouble starting to fall asleep! The problem is that this routine involves a lot - about ~20 minutes - of carrying and another 20 minutes laying on us falling into deep sleep. It will become more difficult and tiresome as the baby grows, so we would like to change the routine and eliminate those two parts. I'm concerned about the hygiene of my newborn daughter's private areas. After pooping there are rarely any poop globules located between labia, but it does sometimes happen. Moreover, the "liquid" poop also has a chance of getting there - and it sometimes does. Up till now, she has managed to fall asleep on her own only three times - two of them in the last week. Is it some kind of hint that we should start trying to let her fall asleep on her own? Fists are convenient. They are always close, they are large enough to fill the entire mouth, they are warm... And it's funny that when she puts them in her mouth, she feels something else, a tickling of sorts, on a different part of body... ;) You should, however, be consistent. Make sure your reactions to various actions are consistent. Control your reaction, including facial expressions and your tone appropriately to the situation. Talk to your wife and try to reach a consensus each time your baby does something one of you dislikes. I don't know the layout of your apartment, but won't some kind of baby fence do the trick? The same applies to falling asleep for the third time at night (around 4AM, she seems to want to stop sleeping at all then) and for her naps. It's very difficult to put her to her afternoon nap. [*] My daughter seemed to understand that picking her up, putting somewehere else and going away from her and ignoring her for a while with sad/angry face was a punishment. She reacted to it well, meaning her behavior did change eventually when using this method. I have learned and accepted her way of falling asleep. Rocked on my arms she would fuss/cry for several minutes, pass some gas during that, and then just close her eyes and peacefully go to sleep. Differentiate your reactions based on how bad is something the baby is doing or how much you don't want to do it. An example of "prepared" reactions for behaviors of a now 1.5 yo which we try to stick to When should we start trying to lull her to sleep in her bed? Is it already time to start sleep training? On one hand, we would like to start it as soon as possible, but on the other - the current routine is working well and we wouldn't like to rid ourselves of a few hours of sleep per day. After a while your child will understand what kind of "threat level" his behavior is causing and may respond well. If you have built up your reputation with lvl 2 threats (allowed a few minor headbumps which came despite your warning) your baby will most likely listen to you whn you warn it. Our daughter is 2 months old. As of right now, we have a pretty well working routine of putting the baby to sleep. Bath, lights out, long feeding, then falling asleep on our hands, then falling asleep on us when we sit/lay, then being put to bed. It all takes about 2 hours, which is acceptable. How firmly should I clean those areas? Just on the surface and delicately remove any globules, or widen the area with two fingers and clean the area around the opening of the vagina more thoroughly? Otherwise it'll be difficult to baby proof it, since there has to be a distance between the proofing and the device. When will the baby stop feeling pain during bowel movements and passing gas? What are your experiences? When did your children stop fussing/crying because of that? Once she enters her (previously mentioned) falling asleep state, she does go to sleep as usual, or even better. But reaching that point is the problem.