But few of us have this understanding of our own state. We know that the state is in fact motivated to serve ends other than those it states. Entering into a contract that is itself not properly motivated is not universalizable. It involves compromising your ultimate autonomy, which is contrary to the principle of duty to begin with. One cannot allow oneself to make oneself a mere means to the making of others into mere means, just in order to avoid responsibility for future ethical actions. The logical reaction is to increase the consequences of lying, but enforcing those consequences would require knowing who is lying, which involves getting information that is already being withheld effectively. So there is no actual point of application that will make it a better risk for everyone to tell the truth. Nietzsche thought we had already far surpassed that point in his day, and that no real improvement could be made to the quality of life, only to its ease. He predicted that unless a succession of great ideas arose to reverse this tide, mankind would get more and more equal, less and less willing to change, and overall invest all their energy in making one another comfortable, until the efficiency of society was entirely gone, and our overall standard of living would descend until life was very easy for everyone, but simply not worth living. We would converge to being 'The Last Man' who kills himself over the 'Bad Conscience' of his 'Wretched Contentment'. To evaluate the cogency of MacIntyre's claim goes beyond what can be done in an SE answer--you'd need to read his account of those attempts and decide for yourself whether his negative evaluation is warranted. The best reason for asserting so bluntly that there are no such rights is indeed of precisely the same type as the best reason we have for asserting that there are no witches and the best reason we have for asserting that there are no unicorns: every attempt to believe that there are such rights has failed. (p. 69) The reason social contract theory is not supposed to endorse substantive views about the good is that it's supposed to be relying upon self-interest. You're reason for wanting not to persecute heretics is that you don't want to get persecuted yourself, not because you think there is some deep moral code against doing so. There is no substantive ethical theory implemented in the US constitution. By 'substantive ethical theory' I mean a theory that says "an act is good if and only if . . . " This question is not as rhetoric as it seems, though of course not accurate. But for the sake of the argument go on reading ;). You will, I assume, never establish your view by force. But you cannot respect the person by disrespecting her religion either. Because the weltanschauung is an integral part of the person, it is a part of the autonomy of this person. And dogmatism is in fact rejecting a part of a person's autonomy, and by this her dignity. They do reject the dignity in total, but assuming that dignity is absolute, the connection, although harsh, is there. All formulations represent only different ways we can grasp the categorical imperative with intuitions [Anschauungen], by types (this is already implied by the "subjective-practical difference" in the GMM, Ak. 436), as there cannot possibly be any intuition of it as such, because we are not capable of pure intuitions, i.e. we cannot directly apply it in the realm of nature (thought as the sum of all experience) because it does not obey our boundaries of experience (the categories). We have no scheme (Schema) for it in its "perfect", general form. These points are also from the second Critique. Stage one: Purely formal vs. about objects The first distinction is between purely formal "science" and something that has to do with some kind of particular material, therefore called material philosophy. His names for the purely formal philosophy is Logics, the science of inferences. Here, the 'content' is purely about the form of the relations between all possible objects of thinking, without including any particular content or material at all, therefore it is purely formal. As soon as these relations are dependent on the actual objects or material we are speaking about, we enter the realm of material philosophy: This can be neatly intertwined with the considerations offered above, as laws for Kant are in the first place general rules in the strict sense (i.e. do not allow for exceptions). This means they include general/abstract considerations on socially relevant habits/customs, as they define and influence them.