I suspect you were sold a used or pre-installed chain, where they pushed the pin partially as a "service" to you, but if you reinsert that pin in all likelihood the chain will fail at some point in the future. Predicting Service Life I typically take periodic measurements over the course of the chain life in order to predict my Service date. Below is an example for a KMC X11-SL chain. As you can see it will be time to change the chain at about 3,250 km. Given how much wear you have observed in 600 km you may wish to reconsider your maintenance regime or chain brand. Calibration I repeated three measurements of the CC-2 gauge at the 0%, 0.25%, 0.5%, 0.75% and 1% gauge readings. I then took the average and did a simple linear regression against the gauge readings (below). So my approach has been to take an approach and improve the precision so that I could use it to do things such as estimate chain wear rates and predict service dates. These measurements came under real world commuting conditions on a 2x10 speed drive train, with a constant pacing over the same mixed terrain (35% gravel, 65% asphalt). The chain was wiped clean, re-lubed and wiped every 50-100 km. A Shimano XT chain was used. As you can see your measurement of 120mm suggests 0.4% stretch. Typically I will measure the chain with Vernier calipers in three random places and take an average, then compare against the chart. I also record these measurements and regress them against the current distance or duration to get a better estimate of the current wear rate, as well as projecting service intervals. Shimano 11 speed (5800) should be assembled with a Shimano chain connector pin. The pin is pushed through and the end breaks off. 9/10/11 speed chains outer plates are too narrow to reuse pins. There is literally no margin for error. You actually break part of the pin when you push it out, as such it won't stay in place if reinserted. A missed shift can easily pry the outer plate off the pin causing the chain to fail. I settled on your inner measurement approach (pictured above) and calibrate my Vernier calipers against a CC-2 device, so I could translate a linear measurement into an approximate % wear. I did this by creating a calibration regression chart converting the Vernier L1 measurement to a stretch percentage (see below). I figured that while the CC-2 can be difficult to use consistently, it should at least be generally accurate. Note that my calibration measurements involved only a very light push on the CC-2 gauge. Set pivoting gauge so “0” is visible in viewing window. Lower CC-2 so fixed pin rests between chain’s inner plates. Lightly push pivoting gauge just until it stops. Forcing gauge will damage the CC-2’s pins, resulting in inaccurate measurements. I also have moved to measuring chain stretch via Vernier calipers, however my approach differs from yours as I try to mimic the cc-2 type inner measurement but with more precision (see below for methods). According to my calibration chart your L1 measurement suggests a chain stretch of 0.4%, which seems like a lot for 600 km, but not impossible. I would try repeating your L1 measurement a couple more times to be sure. Either way, you will likely need to change your chain soon. Multiple Chains Because of the tedium and work involved I tend to prepare batches of chains then rotate them on a bike. This makes re-lubing as easy as swapping a chain. I also use master a link, which I tend to reuse a number of times before replacing. Chainring degradation as a source First lets consider how much material comes off a chainring. Generally speaking, if you replace your chain regularly before it stretches, it should be quite easy to get 10,000km+ out of a set of chain rings before needing to replace them. This indicates a slow rate of wear, and therefore a small amount of contaminating/abrasive material. Furthermore the chain ring touches the rollers of the chain, not the whole chain width. As such, the small amount of material that does get deposited gets deposited on the roller. It still needs to make its way to the edge of the roller and then down the side of the roller and into the contact area between the roller and the "bushing-inner plate" before it will start contributing to chain wear. Given the location of the abrasive material and the limited and slow movement of the rollers (this of course depends on your gearing - e.g., Big-big will have slower roller movement than Big-small), I suspect this is a very slow and low volume process.