This claim is a strong version of the basic assumption of sociology of knowledge. Simply (and thus somewhat misleadingly) put: Externalist approaches in sociology of knowledge assume such deterministic connections in regard to social, economic, political backgrounds, internalist approaches refer mainly to the intellectual backgrounds. However, these explanations target mostly socially distinct groups of people, not single individuals. In biographical approaches to intellectual history such assumptions are often applied to single individuals, mostly, but not exclusively, to prominent figures in history. To be sure, it is undeniable that both Skolem and Gödel contributed important theorems to help establish FOL, but they did not actually argue for it. The truth seems that there is no simple, success story with heroes to be told here. A more correct account would probably involve multiple causal factors. It's not really an introduction to the history of philosophy; it uses a problem-oriented approach, yet it covers most historical classics. If you are interested in this kind of explanations in the history of philosophy, there is an ambitious book which I can recommend: Randall Collins, The sociology of philosophies: a global theory of intellectual change, HUP 2000 Or, as Gottfried Gabriel once put it: As it is not possible to characterize (i.e. axiomatize categorically) infinite structures in FOL, as you say, set theorists simply work with the intended model and they care about non-standard models only when they're needed. That's as good as it gets, I worry. It is hard nowadays to understand what doing logic means without a language-metalanguage distinction and a syntax-semantics distinction! 1. Two traditions in logic It seems to me that it was Russell's discovery of the famous paradox in 1901 in Cantor's naive set theory (discovered independently by Zermelo, who communicated it to Hilbert) that started it all. Since the paradox also appeared in Frege's formalized version of naive set theory, logicians started to devise various ways of avoiding the problem and built new set theoretic approaches. The two most important proposals which fixed these (and other) paradoxes were Russell's type theoretic set theory and Zermelo's set theory. Long explanation (by Carnap himself) The whole point is clearly stated by Carnap in his paper on the "Elimination of metaphysics through logical analysis of language" (1932), esp. §7 "Metaphysics as expression of an attitude towards life":