Paul Krugman argues along those lines in an opinion piece in the NYT. He also gives an overview over Arpaios conviction and how this pardon might affect future investigations (and thus again attack the rule of law): The reasons given by the Justice Department are among others: Additionally, the pardon is generally applied when one or more of these points apply: Militarytimes.com also had a poll (also online, and also unscientific like the military.com poll). The poll is from Nov. 10 - 14 2016. Speakers at the rally were among other Jason Kessler, Richard Spencer, Matthew Heimbach, or Mike Peinovich. All of them are white supremacists. It had to register as a foreign agent because it is a foreign agent. The US classifies RT as "Russia’s state-run propaganda machine" and says that it interfered in the presidential election. The benefit is that RT will now be required to disclose financial information regarding their funding as well as report any activity meant to influence US politics. They will also have to indicate that they are registered as a foreign agent in their publications, which might help in curtailing some of the propaganda. Few people claim that the pardon was illegal. What people mean by "rule of law" in this case is that it was against the unwritten, but well established, procedure of pardons and an attack against the separation of powers. Noah Feldman argues the same on Bloomberg: But there are at least three reasons that I could think of that it might be: They also had a number of previous polls (eg here or here). qz.com notes that the high percentage for Trump is mainly due to the demographic markup of the military (more men than women). Martin Redish shows in the NYT why this pardon is an attack on the existing process, the separation of power, and thus the rule of law: A federal court found that a similar law in North Carolina "target[s] African Americans with almost surgical precision". It also found: It’s one thing to pardon a criminal out of a sense of mercy or on the belief that he has paid his debt to society. It’s trickier when the president pardons someone who violated the law in pursuit of governmental policy [...] None of those is the case here. Arpaio is proud of his racist and criminal behavior, and wasn't sentenced yet, so nothing has changed since his sentencing. The 5th circuit appeals court found that the Texas law (SB14) specifically discriminates against minorities (see also here). The flyer from the Daily Stormer can still be seen on google images. It depicts a Nazi destroying a Star of David with the tagline "To end Jewish influence in America". It does not mention the statue. It is important to note that there are political differences between the KKK and other far-right groups and Trump, but the far-right feels that the Trump campaign helped normalize their ideas and that it gave them a platform and new momentum to further spread these ideas. The explicit racism and implicit antisemitism of the Trump campaign both spoke to the KKK and white supremacists in general, as did the fact that the Trump campaign employed prominent members of the far-right, and that the campaign interacted positively with white supremacists on social media on multiple occasions. Wikipedia says that the rally was organized and promoted by these groups from the far-right: However, in-person voter fraud (the only fraud that would be caught by voter id laws) is essentially non-existent. There were 18 confirmed cases between 2002 and 2012 in Texas. And when he received court orders to stop these practices, he simply ignored them, which led to his eventual conviction — after decades in office — for contempt of court [...] "Extortion" in this case is political hyperbole and not necessarily meant as a statement of fact - ie North Korea was literally extorting money from the US. An Arpaio pardon would express presidential contempt for the Constitution. [...] Fundamentally, pardoning Arpaio would also undermine the rule of law itself. tl;dr: Arpaio was sentenced for violating a court order, which ordered him to stop violating the law. In this case, a presidential pardon takes away any recourse the judiciary has, thus circumventing the separation of powers and thus the rule of law. That is the stated reason, yes. Fox News also had a poll. It did not ask active military personell, but veterans. The result was 46% for Trump, 34% for Clinton. Trump’s motives are easy to understand. For one thing, Arpaio, with his racism and authoritarianism, really is his kind of guy. For another, the pardon is a signal to those who might be tempted to make deals with the special investigator as the Russia probe closes in on the White House: Don’t worry, I’ll protect you. [...] “They like the overall momentum of his rallies and his campaign,” Pendergraft said. “They like that he’s not willing to back down. He says what he believes and he stands on that.” NBC News also had a poll around the same time via survey monkey (see here). The poll is from Aug. 29 - Sept. 4 2016. The original source for the 3:1 number is military.com, and it is worth looking at the source. The poll is from Oct. 24 - Oct. 31 2016. The BBC covered this and other questions about RT: I agree though that this does not seem like a realistic plan. It is likely propaganda he uses because calling for the forceful expulsion or killing of all people he considers non-white - using a definition which would not include Jews, Hispanics, etc as white - is not politically acceptable. Because of this, the pardon is perceived not as righting a previous wrong, or as mercy for a person showing regret, but as going over a judge.