?I believe he is a crook honestly. As for the extension to CFGs which you propose, Out of your list, 'tense matching' and 'subject-verb matching', 'pronoun-reference' (usually called anaphora resolution), 'general "and" and "or"' (coordination) have definitely been addressed in many formalisms including generative grammar, Head-driven Phrase Structure Grammar (HPSG), Combinatory Categorial Grammar (CCG), and many others. (I am not sure what you mean by verb ellipsis, but if you mean: However, I'm not even sure this is a valid generalisation — not all modifiers can occur on either side of the verb phrase (at least not without changing the denotation): can (I think) be expressed in a linear indexed grammar (LIG), so you're right that the generative power required is strictly greater than context-free. Indeed, as you've observed, palatalisation before front vowels in English is subject to idiolectal and dialectal variation. For example, I doubt that unconditional palatalisation before front vowels is present in my idiolect (Australian English). The key reason is that the "soft"/"hard" distinction is phonemic in Russian, but not in English. As such, the distinction is not rendered in phonemic (broad) IPA transcription. A narrow transcription may use the palatalisation diacritic ʲ. Semantic parsing is an area of active research, and the Stanford parser is not the only around. An alternative is the UCREL Semantic Analysis System. First of all, let's look at English word order (actually it's the order of constituents, not words): The Oxford Dictionary of English (sport, disport), the Online Etymology Dictionary, and the Grimm Brothers Dictionary of German all give variants of However, I've also noted this stress pattern with other examples (the links are to Youtube videos): Most linguistics can agree that (in English) the nucleus ("core") of a syllable must be vowel (an exception is made for nasals in certain contexts). If we consider a word with more than one syllable, the next question is whether the consonant(s) between the first and the second nucleus should belong to the first or the second syllable. < Middle English disport(en) < Old French desporter < from des- 'away' + porter 'carry' (from Latin portare) Example: Should /r/ in very belong to the first, hence /ˈvɛr.i/, or the second syllable /ˈvɛ.ri/ If this stress pattern is something more than just ordinary contrastive focus, references would be appreciated (but not strictly necessary ;) More information about the chronology of this change could come from the development of OE giefan (> PDE give). The ODEE mentions that the non-patalal variant appears c.1200 and that the regular ME forms yive, yeve etc. “prevailed in southern and midland writings till XV.” One very important thing to remember - as Durkin reminds on p. 192 The term "aurora australis" was arguably first used in 1741 (OED) This is a really old problem and a lot of research has been written on this. And, finally, the most importing thing to remember is that Quirk et al. 1985: an adverbial clause of time, reason etc. NB! by Scandinavian Durkin means "the ancestor varieties of both West Norse (Norwegian and Icelandic) and East Norse (Danish and Swedish), but at a time earlier than our earliest substantial surviving documents for any of the Scandinavian languages, and at a time when the differences between West and East Norse were still very slight" (p. 175).