Cognitive Social Emotional (sometimes this is combined with #2) Physical (which includes mobility but mostly fine and gross motor skills in general) Visual Aural Oral (This doesn't just include language, but also eating and the ability to properly manipulate the mouth/tongue which will influence language development) Technically, 5 and 6 aren't true milestones, but from my own experience I truly believe that these two things are important enough to warrant a separate point. Before we got C's new RGP lenses, she was starting to get well behind on her development, but as soon as we changed she began hitting milestones like crazy and is completely caught up. The same is true with her language development. We had a really hard time with ear infections for a few months, and a couple of weeks after we had tubes put in her vocabulary just exploded. I can't prove that the tubes were the primary reason for that...it might just be that she was due for a vocab explosion anyway, but I don't believe it's a coincidence. I've listed a couple of websites below with some good general milestones (but it seems like every website has a different list). Just off the top of my head, I thought of: Use a humidifier. Don't let salt or chlorine dry on the skin. In case you visit a local pool or something. Protect your baby's skin from the elements. Make sure when you take her out that she's thoroughly covered and protected from the wind and cold. ETA: As for her dandruff: She probably has cradle cap which is an incredibly common condition. Both my kids had it. It's really hard to get rid of altogether, but you can sort of minimize it. When I washed my kid's hair, I would take a really soft baby brush and sort of massage their scalp in circular motions while the shampoo was still in their hair. This will help loosen some of the dry skin and you can just rinse it away. It probably won't get rid of it 100%, but it should help. I've also heard you can use olive oil to do this, and once I got really desperate and used a combination of shampoo and baby oil on my daughter's scalp, but it took FOREVER to get all the oil out of her hair. There are also some cradle cap shampoos you can buy at any big box store if some of the home remedies don't help. If it's REALLY bad and none of this helps, then you should probably talk to your doctor about it. Babies rub their eyes. It's just part of how they're made. I have tried everything I can to stop my 19-month-old from rubbing her eyes, but that's because she wears contact lenses and rubbing her eyes can lead to rubbing out her lenses and losing one, or, worse, causing her to damage her eye with the lense (these are rigid gas permeable lenses, btw). The eye is a pretty resilient organ, so unless you have a specific reason to be concerned that she's going to damage her eye (like, she has an eye condition or something), I don't think you really need to worry too much about it. If you want to prevent her from scratching her nose, the only thing we've found that works is just keeping nails clipped fairly frequently. It's not ideal because their nails grow so fast, but it should cut down on the scratching (my daughter has a scab on her nose for this exact reason right now). 1 Infants' Listening Preferences: Baby Talk or Happy Talk? 2 Sadness in mothers’ ‘baby-talk’ predicts affective disorder in adolescent offspring 3 (Baby)Talk to Me: The Social Context of Infant-Directed Speech and Its Effects on Early Language Acquisition, Roberta Michnick Golinkoff, Dilara Deniz Can, Melanie Soderstrom, and Kathy Hirsh-Pasek, School of Education, University of Delaware; Institute for Learning and Brain Sciences, University of Washington; Department of Psychology, University of Manitoba; and Department of Psychology, Temple University, PDF Did you see any harm being done to the infant? There was no smoking in its presence. The baby was safely tucked into its bjorn carrier (already a positive parent sign), not being passed among the crowd, or mouthing everything in sight. She was having some drinks which she may have sorely missed while pregnant (maybe she wasn't nursing, or if she was, had surplus frozen so that she could feed the baby untainted milk for a day or two.) She was out having fun, and didn't leave the infant in anyone else's care, for which reason no one here knows. Social aspects of baby talk should be self-evident. When a baby says, "aahgooo" to a parent, the usual response is a delighted "Aahgooo" (IDS) back, not, "What are you trying to tell me, Jennifer? Are you hungry? What makes you say aahgooo?" The former is social interaction the baby can appreciate; the latter is confusing gobbledygook to the baby. I don't know if you have family therapists there. If you do, it might be a good idea for all of you to talk with one to get the issues out into the open. It is not only not harmful for the baby, but a normal part of gross motor development. Unasked-for advice is tricky. No one can see what you see and know the parents like you do.