So you are asking whether something else in the sentence, e.g. the verb, would morphologically be realised differenlty depending on whether the subject is spelled out or not? I don't think there is. Isn't the point of pro-drop that you can express the excat same thing despite leaving the subject out, mostly because the person feature is sufficiently marked by conjugation other other contextual information, without needing to impose any further grammatical effects on the verb? Usually, in languages that do allow pro-drop, the only semantic effect on spelling the facultative subject out explicitly is that it is usually put some more into focus then ("TÚ eres mi amiga", i.e. not Maria or whoever else); some languages might have restrictions on which subjects can be dropped (e.g. in Finnish, in general all personal pronouns can be dropped, but if you do this for 3SG, it receives the meaning of "one"/"you" (German "man"), so in case you want to refer to "he"/"she"/..., you can not drop the pronoun) - but I don't think this should have an effect on any of the other lexical itmes in the sentence, since pro-drop simply permits facultativeness of an overt subject, not any grammatical distinction. All these behave synactically differently, but the main distinction is simply whether or not the NP in question fills a theta role that is semantically required by the verb. S -> aS | bs | aA A -> aB | bB B -> \epsilon Oh, this is a tricky one, because it involves topicalisation. It is very unusual to say it like this, unless you want to put a strong focus on gegeben (and a secondary focus on das Buch). IMO it's not very accuate to depict semantics as an extension of syntax. There is a crucial difference in what phonology, morphology and syntax do and what semantics and pragmatics are concerned with: The former are about form, the latter about meaning. This is a distinction that is sometimes disputed, but nevertheless still quite apparent in the way the different fields are investigated. There is a fine line between the study of the internal structure of words and that of phrases, which is why I tried to make the transition between morphology and syntax a bit blurry - some linguists might say that morphology is just word-syntax - and the way from phonemes to the items that are composed of them is quite plausible to depict as an "on top of" relation, but the step from syntax to semantics is rather different. It's not just shifting the zoom level of the elements whose structure is being investigated, but it's a whole different question that is tackeld by semantics an pragmatics: It doesn't ask about how linguistic elements are shaped and inherently structured, but how to interpret them. I therefore found it more accurate to display these areas as two rather parallel fields of study that interact which each other (this is what the lines between left and right are supposed to mean). On top of that, I find it not very useful to display semantics as the thing that comes after syntax. Semantics starts at the level of words and extends over phrases up to sentences, and should therefore touch the structural level of words. Pragmatics can only meaningfully done at the level of larger phrases and sentences, and extends beyond the sentence boundary to the level of discourses. I tried to make the vertical alignment accordingly. Again, the boundary between semantics and pragmatics is blurry. Phonetics is a bit difficult. I find the placement just below phonology not good enough; this would make it look like phonemes are a larger unit that are built up of speech sounds just like what we call words are made up of the units called phonemes, or phrases are put together from words. Rather, phonetics and phonology look at the concept of "sound" from different perspectives - one is concerned with "what comes out of your mouth", the other is concerend with "what is in your head". W.r.t. how research is done in the two fields, the questions that phonologists are concerned with and how they are approached are conceptually much closer to what is done in syntax and morphology; phonetics is not primarily interested about the rules and patterns that govern the inherent structure of linguistics, but rather on their physical properties. So maybe one should place phonetics and phonology more parallelly to each other, but in the end both are concerned with form rather than meaning, so this is a bit of a tricky one.