There might still be some other way in which violence might be applied to every problem. To really undermine the idea that violence solves every problem, you need an important example where violence never really helps. (If it helped at all, it might still be the lynchpin of the application, the thing that tips the balance, breaks the final impasse, and therefore really solves the problem.) This is disputed at great length, and lied about in Congress and in fiction, but the data are clear. No matter how you abuse or threaten someone, with direct pain, psychological force, threats to loved ones, etc., the primary effect is to garner false information, mostly false confessions or false implications of the guilt of innocent people. So one can consider it totally natural. The obvious fraud is given away by the fact that this 'common good' is only so common. This ideology of loving others instead makes its supposed adherents the ones most likely to go to war with them, to create ways to indirectly dominate them, or to force them into a mold of the dominant culture's choosing. One easy approach would be to argue that failing to lie by omission would cause harm. In many cases, if you omit content, it will lead the listener to go investigate on their own and arrive at a point where their own understanding is sufficient that you can finally tell them the truth. On the other hand, if you tell them before they are ready, they may interpret that truth wrongly, and then misuse it. Also, consider that, if you believe that there is no metaphysical source of ethics nor morality, the human species has been undergoing exactly the process you describe for a hundred thousand years, and our system ethics is actually the result of that process. If this is indeed the case, you will have to explain why your process should be preferable to the existing one. Doing so will likely involve understanding the existing one, which has been the subject of philosophy for thousands of years. One case where I think it would be very easy to justify this would be if the person in authority is incapable of properly conveying the information. If I may use the terminology of speach acts, one often comes across situations where it is not possible to cause the correct perlocutionary act while speaking the whole truth because the listener cannot fathom the desired act. We see this in child rearing, when dealing with difficult topics such as death. We see this in religion, trying to convey the beautiful certainty our particular religion offers. We see this in all sorts of aspects of life such as love (how many times have people refused to explain what being in love feels like because they know they will fail to capture it). Modern takes on the notion of sexism, racism, ageism are not simply about difference, they are about leveraging privilege. So no, most interactions between sexes do not necessarily have to involve either sex executing its privilege. You already had the opportunity to take your idea to someone else who would make that investment in a way that would benefit you, instead of them. If you did not recognize the value of your own idea, they deserve the benefit of that realization, which you did not have. The obvious fraud is given away by the fact that this 'common good' is only so common. This ideology of loving others instead makes its supposed adherents the ones most likely to go to war with them, to create ways to indirectly dominate them, or to force them into a mold of the dominant culture's choosing. We are non-domesticated animals. So it is only natural for us to do the same.