Whether the UK government is breaking the agreement can only be officially settled by a court of law. In principle it could be resolved by the UK Supreme Court, or even an international body such as the International Court of Justice (since the agreement has the status of an international treaty). This site has a breakdown of voter data between 1974 and 2010. 

Outstanding budget commitments: The EU Budget operates through a multi-annual spending structure, which means projects are paid for over a period of several years. As a result, EU Budget payments are back-loaded and many will be paid out post-Brexit. 

After this precedent was established by Henry VIII, it remained in effect for England and later for the UK. 

(Text of list items is from the above link) 

The Good Friday Agreement requires "rigorous impartiality" by the UK government, so it can arbitrate between parties in Northern Ireland. A UK government which depends on one of those parties for its existence may be breaking that rule. 

Having the lands and responsibilities of a dukedom is considered a mark of adulthood. In times past, it would have helped train the holder for other royal duties and perhaps eventually becoming King; and hopefully ensured that the reigning monarch had a reliable manager for a portion of the royal lands. The custom of awarding dukedoms to younger royals is to some extent a relic of this practice. 

If Prince Charles is still alive at the time the Queen dies, the law says that he will become King. Any change to the line of succession before then would require a further Act of Parliament; not just in the UK, but in 15 other countries which have the Queen as head of state. No changes were made to exclude Charles in 2013, and they are highly unlikely to be made now. 

Corbyn was speaking in January 2017. At that time, Theresa May had not yet announced the snap election which would be held in June 2017, and the next general election was scheduled for 2020. So it appears Corbyn was simply referring to Labour's manifesto for a 2020 election. 

This rule dated back to the reign of King Henry VIII of England (1509-47). Towards the end of his life, Henry had a young son named Edward; and two older daughters, Mary and Elizabeth. Edward was a child and in poor health, and it was doubtful whether he would live to adulthood and have children of his own. Henry had no surviving brothers, nephews, or other close male relatives who could become King. So he designated Mary and Elizabeth as his heirs after Edward. (All three children ended up inheriting the throne, as Edward VI, Mary I and Elizabeth I respectively.) 

Queen Elizabeth II personally has been scrupulously neutral in party politics, throughout her reign of more than 60 years. It is exceedingly unlikely that she would change her approach now. It appears the change in wording signals a change in policy priorities. It's not that Corbyn has suddenly decided an unelected House of Lords is just fine; more that he (and his allies, such as Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell) believe other things are more urgent. 

Bank accounts for community groups (ResourceCentre) 

Many former British colonies became independent nations with the King or Queen of the UK as their head of state. Some, such as Canada, Australia, and New Zealand, remain constitutional monarchies today; but others have become republics. Examples include: For example, scrolling down past the first page of the document in the OP, we can see one of the 6 bills introduced in the Lords was the Bus Services Bill, which eventually became the Bus Services Act 2017. 

Would the Privy Council continue to exist? Would its membership and functions be reformed? Exactly what "full alignment" means has not been fully defined. But to maintain an open border without customs checks, the UK would in effect have to remain within the EU customs union and comply with large areas of EU regulation. Labour fought the 1997 election under Tony Blair with an unambiguous manifesto commitment to abolish hereditary Lords: 

If the UK Prime Minister tells (say) an employee of MI6 or the Foreign Office to do something, that person is required to either do it or resign. What would be done with the extensive royal estates in the UK? How much would remain the private property of the erstwhile royals, and would they be subject to inheritance tax? This includes not just land and buildings, but also the largest private art collection in the world. 

The decision not to arm police is an ethical and philosophical stance, dating back to the beginning of professional policing in the UK. Even with all of the above caveats, it seems plausible that a large majority of people in group (2) are also in group (1). If this is the case, a substantial proportion of VIBRs have changed their minds; perhaps as many as one-third or even higher. In the UK, the Prime Minister does not need a seat in Parliament, although by custom he or she is expected to have one: 

Unique aspects in the UK Any transition from constitutional monarchy to republic raises questions: How will the head of state be chosen, what powers will he or she have, whose face will go on the coins and postage stamps, and so on. The result of the 1975 referendum was 67% Remain, 33% Leave. (Quick Googling failed to locate a breakdown by age, but it seems likely the result was decisive across all age groups.)