While the Triace A310 is an entry level bike I wouldn't put it in the same class as a Walmart BSO (bicycle shaped object). It doesn't appear to be a bike brand common to the U.S. Your best bet would be to remove the hanger and take it to your local bike shop. Most shops have a wall chart that has full size photos of the 50-60 most common types. You match yours' to the example and they can order you a #46 hanger or what ever number is appropriate. If it is one of the less common type that they don't stock you may want to order two so you have a spare. I can now say that at least as far as Avenir and Zefal are concerned they do not interchange. I did find that Avenir sells a kit to convert any wedge bag to quick release. It involves making a small hole in the bag,inserting a small plate inside and screwing it to the clip on the outside. As @Batman has suggested brake fluid is hygroscopic. Over time moisture from the air is absorbed by the fluid. When the brakes get hot enough the absorbed water will boil. This results in air bubbles forming in the fluid. While brake fluid is not compressible the air bubbles are. This results in a mushy or spongy feeling to the brakes. Once cooled the bubbles may be reabsorbed allowing the brakes to feel normal. + ISO 622 is the same as "700c" (common road size) and 29er (new larger mountain tire). The ISO standard size of your tires and rims is 622. (18mm wide rim and 42mm wide tire) Seems like the kind of cycling you're doing makes a big difference. Mountain biking has more dirt and more rough terrain where your water bottle nozzle could pick up trail dirt and be hard to reach down and grab to drink from. Road biking tends to have plenty of smooth pavement allowing for drinking from a bottle and not as much dirt to worry about. As long as you keep to about the same size tire, your existing tubes should be fine. The best thing to do is ignore the big letter printed names that have inconsistent conventions, and look for the ISO standard stuff, like "42-622". In other words: yes, a 29" tire should work fine, as long as it's not too wide. I mostly ride on the road and generally use a water bottle (or two or three; or a water bottle and a coffee travel mug), but if I'm going for a long ride (especially in hot weather), I'll use the hydration pack (and probably have a bottle in all 3 cages, maybe with juice or something like that in one) just to be sure I keep well-hydrated. As @Batman has suggested brake fluid is hygroscopic. Over time moisture from the air is absorbed by the fluid. When the brakes get hot enough the absorbed water will boil. This results in air bubbles forming in the fluid. While brake fluid is not compressible the air bubbles are. This results in a mushy or spongy feeling to the brakes. Once cooled the bubbles may be reabsorbed allowing the brakes to feel normal. + I can now say that at least as far as Avenir and Zefal are concerned they do not interchange. I did find that Avenir sells a kit to convert any wedge bag to quick release. It involves making a small hole in the bag,inserting a small plate inside and screwing it to the clip on the outside. You can purchase a rack adapter thats primary use is for mixte, womens bikes or bike with angled top tubes. It is a removeable bar that attaches to the seatpost on one end and then attaches between the stem and the headset top bearing at the other end. You then hang the bike on the rack by the adapter. While the Triace A310 is an entry level bike I wouldn't put it in the same class as a Walmart BSO (bicycle shaped object). It doesn't appear to be a bike brand common to the U.S. Your best bet would be to remove the hanger and take it to your local bike shop. Most shops have a wall chart that has full size photos of the 50-60 most common types. You match yours' to the example and they can order you a #46 hanger or what ever number is appropriate. If it is one of the less common type that they don't stock you may want to order two so you have a spare. Seems like the kind of cycling you're doing makes a big difference. Mountain biking has more dirt and more rough terrain where your water bottle nozzle could pick up trail dirt and be hard to reach down and grab to drink from. Road biking tends to have plenty of smooth pavement allowing for drinking from a bottle and not as much dirt to worry about. In other words: yes, a 29" tire should work fine, as long as it's not too wide. Try to stick with something close to the same width and they'll work fine with your existing rims. Mountain (off-road) tires with their knobs can require more clearance at the same size. I mostly ride on the road and generally use a water bottle (or two or three; or a water bottle and a coffee travel mug), but if I'm going for a long ride (especially in hot weather), I'll use the hydration pack (and probably have a bottle in all 3 cages, maybe with juice or something like that in one) just to be sure I keep well-hydrated.