Her husband converted also to Islam in this case the marriage still will be valid and therefore she can/should only have intercourse with her husband. If her husband didn't convert then according to shari'a this would mean they will be divorced (a according the rules of shari'a I'dah etc. which i don't know for slave!) in this case her Muslim master could have intercourse with her when the divorce takes effect ('idah) if his conscience allows him to do so! And Allah knows best 

"A woman is married for four things, i.e., her wealth, her family status, her beauty and her religion. So you should marry the religious woman (otherwise) you will be a losers. (Sahih al-Bukhari and other hadith collections) He also covered solutions were the wife may forgo for some of her rights in order to stay married, like allowing her husband to marry a second wife and forgoing of rights in order to keep him pleased! As a main reference he quoted the hadith which can be found in both sahih books: 

If the Marriage of a slave couple is considered to be valid then of course the woman should guard her private parts for her spouse only (Again it doesn't matter whether she is a believer or not, but a believer is asked for it according the quoted Verse!)! This is what i found in several fatwas (on zina/repentance and chastity) see for example here (also explaining the meaning of verse 24:3), here and in Arabic here. which seems to be the reason for revelation for verse (4:128)! 

What does the Quran and the Sunna say about the matter? 

Therefore i can only suggest to make your effort to convince your husband to become a Muslim and hope you will succeed. 

Note that on the other hand there are many hadith which qualify intercourse with a woman in her menses as haram or kufr. But in case one committed this sin there's still a kafara for this. But before this both should do repentance and expiation and real regretting and turn the sins into good deeds like praying, fasting,..., doing good things, helping: Being a good muslim and not redo those sins!