The main reason is the winner-takes-all aspect of the system (your second reason). If you have majority vote in separate districts/constituencies, you can have many distortions, gerrymandering, etc. It's not always as visible as in the US but it does also happen to some extent in Britain, in France (in the parliamentary elections, not the presidential election in this case), etc. 

It's only loosely related to the election itself but it's interesting to note that until recently, MEP would receive salaries identical to that of MP in their country of election. It's only since 2009 that they all receive the same pay, another step in disconnecting the European Parliament from national rules and concerns. All this has been a mixed success at best but de-syncing elections to the European Parliament would run contrary to this long-term trend. 

You can also find examples of coalitions that do not include the party that has the highest number of seats in parliament and seemingly won the elections at all. In fact, in Belgium, the New Flemish Alliance (NVA) has been the largest party by overall number of votes in the last two elections but its leader has never been a cabinet minister, let alone prime minister. After the 2010 elections, the party wasn't even part of the government coalition. It is currently part of the (federal) majority but the prime minister comes from another (junior) partner in the coalition. Still, the NVA got first dips at forming a coalition every time (concretely, the leader of the party was named informateur) before other options were explored. Votes in lost circumscriptions count toward the headline percentage of the popular vote you will hear about after the general election and also increase the amount of funding the party will be able to claim from the state (in the UK and elsewhere there is some state funding for political parties based in part on the number of votes gained in the last election, see e.g. Short Money) so that's two practical reasons to have candidates in as many constituencies as possible.