I think such behavior (against living things, not stuffed animals) should be treated very similarly to how a tantrum is treated. Take it seriously, but don't respond with anger either. To still honor the family connection, we hold a dinner party gathering at a restaurant that is a central location and on no-one's turf. Since there are usually only a few presents and we are all sitting around a dinner table, it seems not to be an issue because the problematic cousins are busy at the other end of the table arguing about who dropped whose fork. It also means no one expects any of the new items to actually be opened and played with or anything. Everyone pays their own food-bill even. Alice is very happy with this situation as are we. After you get home (even the next day will work with anyone 4 or older), discuss it. "I know you were really sad you couldn't join us last night - so was I. I am willing to listen if you have any ideas about how you can show me you can use good manners even when we are out." In regard to the relative, I'd probably ask her not to do that to my kid. I'd say that we can respectfully agree to disagree on how bumps and bruises should be handled and since it is my kid I'd prefer it if she just let me handle it. All you can do is request, but her actions are egregious enough to warrant saying something about it. While humping the legs of someone else isn't neccessarily normal, a little "self play" can be. As you said, he is imitating (or so he thinks) something he saw you doing. Trust is a tough concept for kids too, but if, after a discussion like that, he still doesn't want to apologize, he'll have to suffer the consequences of lost trust. Maybe it will mean you don't want to wrestle or rough house anymore - until he shows that he can learn where the boundaries between fun rough-housing and hurtful rough-housing are. He'll have to answer the question, "how do I get dad's trust back?" He can answer it through an apology or maybe he'll come up with another good alternative, but this is a more true-to-life consequence that will teach him a lot about interpersonal intelligence in the end. It is probably one he will learn in multiple ways at multiple times throughout his growing. Obviously, I set a better example then that and clean up after myself. Deal with the fact that there are bullies at the school as best you can (this should NOT be happening in a three's classroom (well, or anywhere), but three's kids are NEVER alone. Your kid needs help with this one. Teach your child "I messages." Teach him to say his "I messages loudly." Role play and practice what to do in a bullying situation. You don't have to act out the bullying part, simply say, "ok, so and so just came up to you and is doing something you do not like. You say. . . " Then allow your child to practice, "I don't like that". Then say, "what if he/she keeps at it?" Then allow your child to practice saying it again AT THE TOP of HIS OR HER VOICE. This SHOULD attract attention from the teachers. Do not treat "I messages" used with you as back talk. He is learning a knew skill. Instead, respectfully paraphrase, "I understand you don't like the car seat, but we do have to run errands and what is MOST important is that you stay safe. The car seat keeps you safe." If the "I message" is about something around which a compromise can be made, then make it. Alice often didn't like her long sleeved-shirts because I bought plain ones thinking she could just wear them under he short-sleeved shirts. This was uncomfortable for her and she didn't like the plainness of the shirts. Obviously, there were times when she had to have long sleeves, so we got some stencils and fabric paints and she decorated them. I never bought plain ones again. Good Luck. First, since he is so young, it is likely he doesn't really understand what he saw. He might think it is one more way to show his uncle he loves him, or a type of game or any number of things so punishing is not likely to help as it is probably just confusing things further. Finally, I'm going to add this, because I originally forgot to address the question of Other kids being a poor example: These steps go a long way (even with two year olds) in developing self confidence, assurance that you respect the child for the child, practice with responsibility AND set an example of a parent that has faith and trust in his/her children. If it was bullying or some other kind of behavior like that and a parent wasn't around (or responding) to the negative behavior, I simply repeated my daughter's statements to the child in question if the behavior wasn't already stopping, "Hey, She said she doesn't like that. You need to stop." If I needed to, I removed my daughter from the situation and found something else that was fun for her to do in another space. Having said that, there are some things you can do to make sure your child's emotional needs are being met so you can rule out causes based in anger or stress he is experiencing over some need not having been met. I general, make sure you are really listening and working on building your relationship. Giving kids a sense of belonging and understanding they can trust helps as learn to express emotions in more constructive ways because it is how you show them that how they are feeling matters to you and throwing a fit isn't the best way to get their feelings across.