You can't use duct tape or regular glue - these are sticky substances that don't vulcanize the rubber together. Rubber cement may hold a patch in place but it is NOT the same stuff. p.s. As noted above, I do hope they replaced the pads at the same time as replacing the rotors. This is standard for both scoured and blued rotors and if they replaced the pads (another US$15-30 cost) then £70 was a really reasonable price. But you don't need to shell out a huge amount of money. See if there isn't a bike coop or community repair station in your neighborhood: The quick answer is NO, you can't bend back the fork. Or at least not at a reasonable price. If not, then exactly what is different? What makes tire patches stick much more strongly? Repairing your brakes at most would require new pads ($5-10) and maybe new brake cables ($10-15). Replacing brakes and cables requires just an assortment of small hex wrenches and allen wrenches, which the coop will have. Is the rubber cement that you can buy at the stationery shop: If it were my panniers and I prefer strong-but-ugly, then I would cut up an old inner tube and use those as my patch materials. There's a very strong contact cement called Pliobond that you can use to glue pretty much any flexible material to another one. ** This is a cheap kit with glued patches (ie, separate glue and patch, not a "glueless" patch) Locally, a local mountain shop, seamstress/tailor, sailmaker, upholstery shop, or shoe repair shop (tip of the hat to Daniel Hicks and dlu for the additions) might be able to do it for you. Whoever does the repair will need an industrial sewing machine -- or, more likely will have to handsew it because of its short length and awkward location. Prices will vary accordingly. Given that an accident on your way to work will cost you lost wages, maybe losing your job, and perhaps a hefty hospital bill, spending $25 for a self-tune or around $100 for a bike shop to do it is money well spent. The only difference appears to be the pin length, but it's unclear if you had a non-SRAM/KMC chain, what you'd measure to make sure you got the right chain. pps. Scouring is indicative of a bike that wasn't maintained properly, blueing of a bike that was ridden aggressively. In either case, you should perhaps ask the bike shop to do a full inspection to make sure there aren't other hidden treasures. A chemist on reddit answered this question fairly authoratively: You could sew your own patches on using canvas and high-strength thread. They even sell kevlar thread that's useful for this type of thing. The chemical bond holding things together is why: If its under the Ortlieb five year warrantee or you want it professionally done, send it back to them: https://www.ortlieb.com/en/service/garantie/ the 'glue' has to dry absolutely before you patch (as it's not 'glue' in the sense we know it) As for the explanation that "both sets of disks were badly 'burned' through excessive braking with damaged pads" - it would be the excessive heat produced by braking over a long/hard distance that damaged both the pads and the rotors. Or you can lame out and go to your local outdoor store that sells a broad variety of patch materials for backpacks and tents: http://www.rei.com/c/gear-repair a glued patch is as strong as the original rubber -- or stronger. Your bike looks right knackered. You could maybe find a used fork off a donor bike for free or cheap at a bike coop - but you might put said fork on and find your frame is bent. The true cost is in the labor and if you can do it yourself with youtube and human help, you should be able to get it in at least running conditions. For the wheel truing, I'd try to go for just "good enough" and not perfect -- and try to get someone to supervise you -- as it's easy to mess up truing if you go too far. 2) Was £70 (approx USD$85) a reasonable price for replacement? We don't do valuations here, but the base price for a pair of the rotors would be around US$25-50 in 2017 dollars. Bike shop labor is around $70/hr here (and I should note that 'labor' also includes the rent for the shop, purchasing and depreciation of tools and equipment, training, utilities, etc.) and an hour of labor for installing the rotors, truing them, and adjusting the brakes is reasonable. So, I don't think you were charged an excessive amount.