According to the Duhem-Quine thesis and the underdetermination of theories in philosophy of science, no theory can ever be completely dismissed by empirical data (See Quine's "Two dogmas of empiricism" 1951). 

While intuitively it might seem that quantum superposition (i.e something being in more than one base state at the same time) is what challenges the rules of logic, by invalidating the law of non-contradiction, this is not the case. An electron in a superposition of spin |+> and spin |-> might seem like a contradiction, but it can simply be treated as being in a distinct third state of being "either |+> or |->". Consider the following sentences: 

The main problem that is faced by Quantum logic (or any such radical revision of logic, empirically justified or otherwise), is that we tend to think and communicate in classical logic. It would be very difficult, or in Kantian fashion, outright impossible for us, to perceive and discuss the world in anything other than classical logic - it seems to be hardwired into our brains. Although the logical atomist program failed as a metaphysical theory, it did show us just how ingrained classical logic is into our linguistic and mental structure. As Wittgenstein stated, the limits of language are the limits of the world: No one can place themselves outside of logic, and then pick among different logics to reason and argue with, even if those alternative logics are justified. There are several tools online with which you can make truth tables yourself and check the truth value of statements. This is a truth table for the correct statement: There are really so many way to do this and which one you choose largely depends on your personal preference. Here are some: It's somewhat peculiar that that textbook talks about validity without first defining it. It's a pretty straightforward definition, but usually these books are very precise. But also think of bitmasks and other uses of logic in computing science. This does not only work for predicates that become stronger or weaker. If we have a strong predicate, that means the Yes-set is small. Since the No-set is the complement of the Yes-set, it has to be big, and therefore the negation of the original predicate (that is, the predicate of the No-set) has to be weak. 

Or, in even other words: it is not impossible to imagine a cold Sahara, a human who doesn't need oxygen, or a photon that has no mass; but it is impossible to imagine P and Q such that (P ∨ Q) → (Q ∨ P) is false. This SEP article on Quantum Logic is a good place to start. Ok, so there is the proof done in the tableaux style for variable modal logic with necessary identity, from the linked Priest book. Since you are probably unfamiliar with this particular proof style, I'll give a detailed explanation. The proof is of the following: ◊∃x□[Mx ∧ ∃y(y=x)] ⊢ ∃x□[Mx ∧ ∃y(y=x)]. Mx is to code the property of "maximal excellence" (being omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent) and the right conjunct asserts existence. The necessity operator taking scope over the conjunction has the result that the statement implies the necessary maximal excellence and necessary existence of the value of x (in other words, it represents Plantinga's notion of "maximal greatness"--- being maximally excellent in every world). The strategy of the proof is to show that assuming the negation of ∃x□[Mx ∧ ∃y(y=x)] leads to contradiction and so ∃x□[Mx ∧ ∃y(y=x)] must be true. When a contradiction is reached on a branch, the branch closes. When all branches are closed, we have shown that the assumption of the negation of ∃x□[Mx ∧ ∃y(y=x)] leads to contradiction. The world the statement is true at is indicated to the right of the statement, with @ indicating the actual world (as is standard). If the system is both sound and complete you can move between semantic "proofs" (I prefer the term "verifications") and syntactic proofs freely (since we know there is a perfect match between syntactic and semantic validity). 

You ask if there is a flaw in your reasoning: 

Let S' be the result of extending S to include LRP. We can then modify the above proof into a formal proof of G within S': 

Ah, but there are relations that hold between the worlds. There are similarity relations for Lewis and accessibility relations in the model theory of modal logic. The relations between worlds that Lewis forbids are spatiotemporal and causal relations. His thesis is that worlds are spatiotemporally and causally isolated from one another--- not that no relations exist between worlds at all. On the left branch (16l) we have the case in which the entity named by b does not exist at w2. Line 17l does the mirror of what we did for 15l, discharging the box at line 5 and breaking off the right conjunct. 18l and 19l represent the existential instantiation, introducing a new constant c, which we instantiate to y in the identity statement (18l) and assert that the entity named by c must exist at w2 (19l). Line 20l once again utilizes the necessity of identity (since b=a holds at @, it must hold at w2). Line 21l is a special case of Leibniz's Law or, if you prefer, exploiting the fact that identity is an equivalence relation (and so, since a is identical to b and c, we know that b must be identical to c, hence b=c is true at w2). Finally, 22l utilizes Leibniz's Law once more to substitute b for c in the statement at line 18l, yielding the assertion of the existence of the entity named by b at w2. This contradicts line 16l, closing this branch.