And to the polytheists, he said, “Bear witness! So and so! The prophet Muhammad (PBUH) asked: Among Quraish polytheists, Walid b. Mughira, Abu Jahl. As b. Wail, As b. Hisham, Aswad b. Abdi Yaghus, Aswad b. Muttalib, Zama b. Aswad, Nadr b. Harith and others said to the prophet Muhammad (PBUH): “This is a prevalent magic!” , they said “Abu Talib’s orphan affected the sky with his spell!” . Reference: Sahih al-Bukhari 3636 You might be knowing the fault line in the moon that splits it. NASA says it appears all over the moon. Not that I am claiming evidence that it happened during the splitting of moon by Prophet (Peace be upon him), but it can be a food for thought. NASA doesn't have any concrete evidence regarding how it happened. That is both good and bad things that happen to them is from Allah and it is his control. Reference: Sahih al-Bukhari 3638 “If you truly are a Prophet that has been appointed by Allah, then split the moon in half. Let it be in such a way that one half will appear over the Mount Abu Qubais and the other half will be seen over Mount Quayqian.” Good Answer by Ansari. There are several differences. I would like add something to his answer. “O Abu Salama b. Abdulasad! Arqam b. Abi’l Erqam! Bear witness! Note: Both Abdullah ibn Masud and Ibn Abbass were companions of the Prophet (salallahu alayhi wassalam) and also, one of the greatest scholars of Islam. “Yes! We also did see the moon in that state! We saw the moon as split! They informed that the moon was split. Among the people who came from everywhere and seen the moon split, there was no one who had not informed them about it. Short answer: It is the burden of difficult and hard to follow religious laws. Muslims were not the first religious society. The people of the book preceded them. Quran uses the previous religious societies and their behavior as an example to discuss this group, so Muslims may learn and avoid those mistakes. The sura mostly focuses on the followers of Judaism. The final section of the sura should be understood with these in mind. There was a religious community before Muslims, i.e. the followers of Judaism. Now there is a new religion and the description of its laws constitute the main part of the second half of the sura. So the people who were before Muslims are the people of the book, mainly the followers of the Judaism (and this is also consistent with usage of term in other places). The first group the book guides surely (verses 2:2-5), the second group it won't guide them no matter what (verses 2:6-7). The effect of the book on the third group is more complicated and a major part of the sura is devoted to discussing them. You can read some descriptions of this group on the second page (verse 2:8-20). Those who follow the book will join the mindful, those who don't will join the disbelievers. This is what I understand, and surely God knows best. (This doesn't mean that the laws didn't become difficult and will not become difficult in future, e.g. when people really know what is expected from them but ask for fatwas seeking a way to circumvent them, the Prophet and after him the scholars might make the laws more stricter. Muslims are advised not ask the kind of questions that those preceding them asked from their prophets, see verse 2:108.)