Forcing government shutdowns was used quite often in the past to enforce political demands. The last one was in 2013 when the Republican-dominated Congress wanted to defund the Affordable Care Act. This situation was actually eerily similar: The President had an expensive pet project which was a major campaign promise for him, but the majority of Congress objected to it. So Congress tried to kill it by refusing funding. In the 2013 shutdown, the President won in the end. Congress gave up and passed a budget with funds allocated to the ACA. Forcing a government shutdown doesn't get Trump any budget for anything. It's the threat of a government shutdown with which he hopes to force Congress to cooperate. He could, but it would be a waste of time: 

So when you read any opinion polls in the media, carefully look at what exactly the question was. 

The main problem is getting the money from congress. But on November 15th 2016 (after his election) he tweeted: 

A government shutdown happens when Congress and President can not agree on a budget plan. The result is that the executive branch of the US government is unable to provide most of its services, except the most essential ones. That's not just bad for the executive branch. It's bad for the whole country. It is a strategy of mutually assured destruction. In this situation both sides hope that the other will give in to prevent looking like the obstructionists who destroyed the whole country just because they couldn't have their way. Theoretically this would be possible. A candidate can be on the ticket of multiple parties. Small parties often support candidates from the major parties and put them on their presidential tickets. For example, in the state of New York, both the Women's Equality Party and the Working Families Party put Hillary Clinton on their ticket, while the Conservative Party put Trump on theirs. On November 7th 2012 (after Barack Obama's reelection), Donald Trump tweeted: Also keep in mind that primaries (especially closed primaries where only party supporters can vote) have a tactical component. The parties don't just try to find their favorite candidate, but also the candidate who has the best chance to beat the candidate of the other party. To win the crucial swing-states you need a candidate who appeals to the swing-voters. A highly polarizing candidate who is a hardliner for the party doctrine might be popular within the party but not that popular with independent voters. This might prevent tactically-minded party members to vote for that person during the primaries. When you ask someone "who would you prefer as a president?" and "who will you vote for in the primaries?", the answers might be different. 

Practically, this is very unlikely to work. 

Considering that Trump isn't supported by lots of high-ranking Republicans, it might not be that guaranteed that he will run unopposed. It is very unlikely that Trump would be able to mobilize that many Republicans to switch parties. remember that 15% of the delegates of the Democratic National Convention are superdelegates: They are elected officials and high-ranking members of the Democratic Party who can vote however they want. It is very, very unlikely that they would vote for a Republican incumbent. That means Trump would need to mobilize considerably more support than his strongest Democratic contender. When he already has that much support, he would be able to win the re-election without resorting to such tricks. Most states do not allow electoral fusion. That means Republican-Trump and Democrat-Trump would be treated as separate voting options. That means the Trump-vote would be split and a 3rd-party candidate (who would likely be considered far more relevant than usual in that case) would have a far easier time to win. This is hard to generalize, because there are so many different organizations which organize demonstrations and other public gatherings and then report their estimations regarding participations. Also, there are countless police departments in the world, and they all also use different methods. 

Donald Trump used to be against the Electoral College in 2012, but it seems like he has recently changed his opinion. 

But remember that in many (not all) states, the Republican party uses the same winner-takes-all system which the actual presidential election uses (list of states by republican primary delegation system). That means when you look at nation-wide polling results, you don't get a prognosis which is as reliable as when you look at the results of all individual states, consider how their delegation systems work, and build a prognosis based on the delegates each state is expected to send. 

Theoretically the electors could still change their mind and elect someone completely different. It is not unheard of that individual "faithless electors" vote different than mandated by the result in their state for whatever reason. In 21 states this is completely legal, and in many others the repercussions are minor. However you should not bet on this. Never in the history of the United States did enough electors do this to make someone else president than they should have. In 1836, 23 faithless electors for Virginia were almost successful when it came to electing the vice president. But that was the closest faithless electors ever came to changing an election outcome.