If she makes a poor choice, feel badly with her about it, but don't jump in and rescue her from her own poor choice. Be there for her to talk about ideas that may have worked better for her that she can CHOOSE to use next time. It is a difficult thing to switch to and requires a lot of work but gets MUCH better results in the end. Check out schoolathomeeffectively.com for more ideas about how this method actually works out in a real home. 

This one requires consistency and patience, but I encourage you to take him out and expose him to as many different environments as you can. Kids can distinguish different environments and connect to the idea that different environments require different behaviors at a very young age. Many kids your boy's age that are bi and tri-lingual can distinguish who to use which language with even amongst strangers. 

For kids like this the things you are doing make things worse because all your battles become about control instead of learning, correcting and genuine discipline that comes from within the child in the end. I am not saying just to give in and let her have her way, but I am saying that perhaps a punishments/rewards system could be abandoned for life lessons. If she is throwing a fit, I would say something like, "Wow, you are so frustrated that I can't even make any sense of what it is you are saying - when you are ready to speak like a big girl, I'm ready to listen." 

She is seven and not yet really in a place in life where she cares deeply about privacy for her own self so the idea of others wanting privacy from her is foreign. She is definitely a heart-on-her-sleeve/tell-it-like-it-is kind of girl. 

Make sure he gets social time with friends - for us that was time in theater classes and plays. Try to get him involved in things he does because he loves them. For some it might be time at a pre-school or involved in a sport. The activity time is much more of a time-off from listening for you than a stopping him from talking incessantly measure - he will have stories to tell you about her social time when you do hook back up. If you can get a family member or even trusted teen to take him to his activities that will make this "time off" even more valuable for you. 

When we are out and about, or leaving a friend's house, I don't want to make a huge issue of it "publicly" or call a spade a spade and indicate she isn't really interested in what a business accountant does at work all day - she is just avoiding leaving (that would just make the other adult know they've been duped by a seven year old). 

This is how I dealt with it I personally try to model the idea that everyone is different and does things differently. "Well that mommy has a different rule than I do." Period. I might privately discuss it later with my child so she understands what I value that makes the rules for me different (at six, she definitely gets this, at three it was a little tougher, but not as much as one might think). Obviously, with the cousins, I have to be careful to explain without getting critical. 

Instead, I suggest asking her the questions. "It was a scary moment and I'm so glad no one was hurt. What is it that is still scaring you?" Then respond calmly and honestly. When she answers, offer her your coping mechanism. What do you think about to help you feel less scared? Understand where she is at in terms of her feelings about how "in danger" she really was. Acknowledge her feelings. "It is understandable to feel scared - I was a little scared at first too." THEN address her fears. Explain how dangerous the situation really was - the glass may have injured some one if the window shattered, but . . . 

I suggest a three-fold approach: 

When you are going to an event, or public space with specific social more's, expose him with the proper preparation on your part. Prior preparation can and should include practice at home. Start the day with a description about what to expect and a little practice about what kind of voice is needed at said location. "Okay honey today we will be at _. This place is a 'soft voice' kind of place." Then include a reminder just before arrival. If he needs reminders while you are at said location, just a quick, "soft voice remember?" will generally be all he needs. Same thing at home with "inside and outside voice."