More local "point defense" missiles would have a better opportunity to intercept, as they'd have greater warning. But while they might have more time to intercept a missile coming in from a high trajectory at Japan (or to intercept an attack on Guam with missile batteries there), the chances of actually making an atmospheric intercept against such missiles could be substantially lower. 

I could imagine a situation in which the House of Representatives and Senate are controlled by different parties (e.g. House controlled by Republicans, Senate by Democrats) and they would vote for the candidate that aligns with their own parties. Would this mean that it is possible to have a President and Vice President from different parties, and different tickets, being elected?* Or does something prevent this possibility? However, Article 4, Clause 1 of the US Constitution states that it is Congress' duty to admit states into the Union and does not give any responsibilities to the President. Pro Choice: People on the pro-choice side of the argument see pregnancy as a women's health issue. A woman has a fundamental right to make civil and medical decisions regarding her own body and her own life, and since pregnancy is inherently a medical condition with serious medical and social implications, neither doctors nor the government may withhold treatment to terminate an unwanted or potentially dangerous pregnancy. Extremist pro-choice activists believe that a woman should have the right to make this decision at any time for any reason, while more moderate pro-choicers believe that there should be some limitations. Others may be morally opposed to abortion, but nonetheless believe that the government cannot take away a woman's right to choose. Since the vast majority of abortions in the United States are elective (i.e. not connected to health concerns of the fetus or mother, and not due to rape or incest), the central issue surrounding the abortion debate is a moral argument. Moral arguments against abortion often stem from religious faith, but not always (there are pro-life atheists out there). The only reason women have a right to abortion in America is because of a SCOTUS decision, not an act of Congress. Those are always contentious. Many people in the pro-life camp consider the SCOTUS opinion to be a perverse interpretation of the Constitution, and that the very idea that there is even a "right" to an abortion at all is a matter of serious debate in the U.S. 

Even despite this, the President still has a lot of discretionary funds that he can spend however he pleases. There is also a lot of wiggle room to creatively interpret congressional intent with budget spending. For example, the President can choose to "prioritize" resources on a certain agenda, or "clarify" that funds allocated for 'X' includes (or precludes) spending on 'Y'. This is usually accomplished through Executive Orders. Additionally, a lot of rhetoric has been stirred up regarding candidates' past financial dealings, causing some candidates to disclose their federal tax returns. To require any other kind of qualification for the office would require a constitutional amendment. It could not be imposed as a simple matter of law. The issue with China is that they have laid claim to nearly the entire South China Sea, an area that covers over 1.4 million square miles (3.5 million sq. km). The legitimacy of that claim is recognized by no one except China. The U.N. Convention on the Law of the Sea (a treaty which 167 countries have signed on to) defines sovereign territorial waters (and airspace) as a zone extending 12 nautical miles from a country's coastline, and an exclusive economic zone up to 200 nautical miles away. China's claim to the South China Sea (the "Nine-Dash Line") extends far, far beyond that. At one point, Spider-Man signs his name on a voter registration form not as Peter Parker, but as Spider-Man! 

Spider-Man could consider New York City his "home base", since he returns to it regularly, manifests an intent to remain, and can receive messages and be contacted (which he often does by various signals or a notice in the Daily Bugle). Can Spider-Man vote if he signs an affadavit? As of 2012, New York allows voters to cast ballots by affadavit saying that they are legally registered to vote. This was due to Hurricane Sandy destroying many polling sites, so voters were allowed to go elsewhere to vote. Since polling sites only have records for their own voters, a signed affadavit was permitted. 

If you do not have a DMV or social security number, you may use a valid photo ID, a current utility bill, bank statement, paycheck, government check or some other government document that shows your name and address. You may include a copy of one of those types of ID with this form— be sure to tape the sides of the form closed. The US senate has passed (99 to 0) an extension of the sanctions against Iran. President Obama could veto the bill before it becomes law. The veto can be overridden. 

Are there limits (age, crime,...) for participation in US elections (Congress, president,...), for people who vote or for candidates? 

Here, there is a phrase: "Secret service name". For Clinton it is "Evergreen" and for Trump it is "Mogul". 

US former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice named Israel’s 2006 aggression against Lebanon as "the birth pangs of a new Middle East". At the time mission failed, but "Arab Spring" was a new opportunity for US (and allies). The new Middle East they want is like this: 

US considers itself as pro-democracy, even intervene other countries internal affairs with excuse of democracy. On the other hand in middle east dictators are US allies. Maybe one can consider Saudi Arabia's government as The worst dictatorship in the world. Even the name of country is in the name of monarch. The name in Arabic is Al-Mamlakah al-Arabiyah as-Sa'ūdiyah, which means the Arabic country related to al-Sa'ūd ( the name of father of monarch is Abdulaziz Al-Sa'ūd).