William and Catherine Booth, founders of the Salvation Army, used similar techniques—although they renamed the "anxious seat" to the "mercy seat". Like Finney, the Booths considered the altar call to be just the first step toward salvation. 

By the late 2nd century, Irenaeus (Against Heresies 3.11.8) was claiming that the canon must contain exactly four gospels: 

This was to counter fringe groups that were producing their own gospels, as well as Marcion, who argued for just one gospel (Luke). 

So at least some of the churches were already circulating Paul's letters and reading them as scripture. 

The next category includes books that rejected from the canon but worth reading: 

And finally, Eusebius mentions other writings that are considered heretical, which he says should be "cast aside as absurd and impious." These include the gospels of Peter and Thomas, among others. 

Dwight Moody began having altar calls after the Great Chicago Fire of 1871 killed more than 300 people and destroyed Moody's church building, just after he had preached about repentance. 

We don't know who compiled the list known as the Muratorian Fragment, but it also dates from the second century and contains this canon: 

Henry extrapolates a further application not to employees but to children, because like servants they belong to the household. 

Athanasius then adds that other books—the Wisdom of Solomon, the Shepherd, the Teaching of the Apostles, et al.—should be read by new converts. So even as the canon was being defined, there was recognition that among the excluded books were some that were part of the church teaching, and some that were not. 

In ancient times slavery was fairly common; employment, however, was not. Most free people lived and worked on the family farm. Employment contracts did exist, but only to protect the employer's interests. Contracts usually bound the employee to the employer for a set time; as such, employment was just a limited form of slavery. 

Commenting on 1 Corinthians 7:20-21, Chrysostom said, 

The first known list of canon that matches today's New Testament is found in the Easter Letter of Athanasius for the year 367: 

These are the writings that are universally accepted by the church. Eusebius adds that some believe Revelation should be included in this set. 

The Quinisext Council or Council in Trullo was held in Constantinople in 692 to reaffirm the rulings of the Fifth and Sixth Ecumencal Councils; while this council did not publish a formal Bible canon, it did reaffirm the canons previously published, including those of Athanasius and others with the Book of Revelation. This set the stage for the 7th Ecumenical Council (Second Council of Nicea) in 787, which finally established what we now know as the 27-book New Testament canon for the entire church. 

With the rise of the merchant class and the beginning of the industrial revolution this began to change; however, as recently as the early 1900s the majority of the population even in industrialized nations lived on family farms. Instructions on employer/employee relations simply were not relevant to most people's lives. 

He mentions that some would place Revelation in this group, and others would include the Gospel of the Hebrews. 

Jerome, writing Against Jovinianus, referenced Exodus 21. He said the laws about setting slaves free do have application outside the physical practice of slavery, but he was thinking in terms much larger than employment contracts. 

In the 4th century, John Chrysostom wrote commentaries covering most of the New Testament. He did not comment on 1 Timothy 6:1-2, but he did say this about Colossians 3:22. 

None of these commentators gives the slightest hint that they thought this passage could apply to employer/employee relations. 

I think I may (however) have found the source of the quotation you refer to. These were not Luther's words, but Calvin's own: 

Calvin and Luther were contemporaries, both living in Europe during the early to mid 1500s. However, Luther was born in the 1480s and Calvin was born in 1509. Also, while both men were fluent in Latin, each wrote the majority of their works in their native tongues. Calvin in French, Luther in German. 

There is little (if any) evidence that Luther ever addressed Calvin's position on the Lord's Supper specifically. However, due to the debates with Zwingli and Calvin's acknowledgement that his position was more similar to Zwingli's than Luther's he recognized that he certainly put himself in position to be the target of heated name calling or other insults from Luther. 

However, it seems, while they had significant theological differences in many areas. Luther appreciated Calvin and Calvin appreciated Luther. 

(1) Martin Luther and John Calvin (2) Schaff, History of the Christian Church, VII, p. 661. (3) The Relation Between the Lutheran and Calvin Reformation (4) Zwingli and Luther: The Giant vs. Hercules