That would be with the barren scene of unknowable ontology due to indeterminacy of translation. It does only by redefining "real" as indispensable in our current conceptual scheme, "to be is to be a value of a variable", as Quine puts it. Putnam experimented with "internal realism" of this sort, but gave up on it. It is worth pointing out that "strong omnipotence" is not a majority position among Catholic theologians, the official teaching of the Church follows Aquinas in asserting that God is bound by the laws of (classical) logic. However, not being susceptible to them does not put God beyond "any form of reason", or make him "unknowable". He may well be humanly unknowable due to our many limitations, but it is not because of inconsistency alone. Mathematicians use paraconsistent logics to reason about inconsistent arithmetic and analysis for example, and know quite a bit of interesting results about them. The idea of knowing as differentiating goes back to dialectical arguments of ancient Greece. Several of Plato's dialogues are structured as Socrates and his companions trying to clarify a notion of something through "definition by division", by successively discarding what it is not (piety in Euthyphro, bravery in Laches, virtue in Meno, and knowledge itself in Theaetetus). Aristotle later formalized it in his theory of definitions in terms of genus (kind) and differentia (special characteristics). E.g. humans are differentiated from animals by their capacity to reason, etc. There are no counterexamples to Kant's "argument" because it is not an argument. It is a view of predication under which being/existence is not a "real" predicate discussed in Transcendental Dialectic (Chapter III, Section 4): I am not an anti-realist, but since none stepped up I'll try to explain as I understand it. Dummett, the founder of modern analytic anti-realism, emphasizes that unlike realism, anti-realism is not a unified doctrine, one can be an anti-realist about some specific domain (mathematics, physics, ethics, past, future, etc.), and a realist about the rest. The motive behind it is that for statements to have meanings they must be understandable, and understanding them means being able to access evidence for or against them because meaning can only be communicated to others overtly. It should be said that Husserl was philosophically averse to Kant's "creative" transcendental subject, perhaps due to the dominance of absolute idealist interpretations of him at the time, and preferred to derive his lineage from Hume, whom he credits as the principal forerunner of phenomenology. See Mall's Experience and Reason on their connection, which quotes Husserls' 1919 letter to Metzger:"I have learnt incomparably more from Hume than from Kant. I possessed the deepest antipathy against Kant, and he has not (if I judge rightly) influenced me at all". One can sidestep this argument over minds by discarding Plato's dictum, and describing knowledge as something like effective assumption on which actions are based. This is more or less the pragmatist theory which goes back to Peirce and James. The "grandfather" of pragmatism, Bain, defined belief as "that upon which a man is prepared to act". A machine can acquire and store information upon which it "acts", if this information is effective in making its actions "adequate" then it counts as knowledge. Arguably, that is all human knowledge amounts to as well. [...] Here comes a non-Parmenidean approach. To begin with, “exists” is a predicate of individuals just like the others – a predicate for real, not only from the point of view of our ordinary language’s surface grammar. It is a predicate in the same sense that “eats”, “flies”, and “is a man” are... The motto is Alexander’s famous one: “To be is to have causal powers”... The Parmenidean conception, once forced to admit that even from its viewpoint existence can be a property of individuals, still explains it away, defining it via the existential quantifier and identity, that is, via logical notions. But existence is not taken as a logical notion from now on: if to exist has to do with the enjoying of causal powers, whatever these actually are, they are not logical features." A nice review of epistemological issues in Husserl's phenomenology is Rinofner-Kreidl's Phenomenologist's Reply (to Quine) in Husserl and the Sciences edited by Feist. Putnam is known for changing his mind often, but he seems to hold two views of linguistic meaning and reference simultaneously, combining which seems paradoxical. One is Quine's inscrutability of reference, with a vengeance: "The referential relation is inscrutable, because it is subject to the background language and ontological commitments of the speaker... Hilary Putnam uses Quine's thesis about the inscrutability of reference to challenge the traditional Realist's view that there is a mind-independent world to which our propositional attitudes refer (e.g. when we talk about or think of something, these things exist not in our minds, but in said mind-independent world)... On Putnam's account, the idea that we refer with our sentences and statements to a mind-independent, nonlinguistic world is an illusion... He suggests, that, because the referential objects of a language are always inscrutable, the Realist's idea of a mind-independent world is ought to be a fallacy, because it presupposes distinct referential relations from language to objects in the mind-independent world".