Also, note that if you don't have a crank puller, you're going to have to borrow one or likely go into a shop unless the crank is self extracting. If a derailleur breaks on the road, you can try to find a gear combination such that the chain can be stably placed on a given chainring and cog and shortening the chain to fit on this combination. This question gives some guidelines on how to select that cog and chainring. Note that you should also check the wheel for damage -- depending on how the derailleur goes, you may de-tension some spokes or do other wheel damage. You basically need a chain tool and ideally a quick link/special rivet to shorten the chain. That being said, my 7 speed bike had the shifters go after higher quality than the bargain basement Shimano shifters weren't so easy to find (altus/acera+). I ended up moving to 8 speed and getting a good quality shifter. Also, it goes without saying that applying the patch properly (see manufacturer's instructions) normally gives the best strength as well. 7 speed shifters from Microshift or in Shimano's Tourney line or SRAM's Attack! line are compatible, so I'd suggest just spending the 10-20 bucks and getting one of those instead. The SRAMs are grip shifts, as are some of the Tourney shifters. The SRAM ones are probably a bit better quality (note the Attack! name; regular SRAM shifters will not work). The Microshift shifters and Shimano Tourney shifters will be easiest to find. I think this working is highly dependent on where you live, and I don't think it would work in most places. You need enough people in the market who would use this service (which probably don't exist in most places). And people need to be willing to pay the premium you need to sustain to have this type of business. Bike shops aren't exactly very profitable in a lot of places in the world, to begin with. 

Cranksets are typically sold with both arms, not just one of them, so the exercise of finding just a right arm that is compatible is mostly academic (the only case I can think of that's somewhat reasonable is a parts bin at a bike co-op or shop which has one, but this is still unlikely). You're more likely to find the whole crankset instead, in which case there isn't really a reason to not install both of them. 

Lets just consider chain driven bicycles which are either single speed or derailleur driven. 

I'd also check that the rim tape on the rim is intact and in good condition, cause otherwise if its busted, you're going to get another cut. Also, as pointed out by ChrisH in the comments, rough edges on the rim hole can also cause this problem (you can use a small file to smooth them out, if that is the case). 

That being said, there is some market for services like this for cars -- there are companies which will swap your tires or change your oil in your driveway. But the costs can be easily well over 2x of taking the thing to a garage. 

The reason why many regular patch kits (adhesive separate from the patch) work well is because they use a vulcanizing fluid to bond the patch to the tube. Glueless patch kits (i.e. ones which have the adhesive pre-applied) and some regular patch kits use normal adhesives, which aren't nearly as strong at bonding the patch. You can try saturating the shifter internals with wd-40, which may help. You're not going to find replacement parts, so they're typically not repairable. 

its feasible for some guy to come over and do the work on your bike quickly with a small bag of tools. Some of these things will be more convenient with a repair stand. If you have an autoshop nearby or a bike shop, you can also try to helicoil the crankset. This puts a new set of threads on for the pedal. 

That being said, some glueless patch kits are better than others. Try a different brand or go back to using old fashioned patches with vulcanizing fluid. 

Note that you have to carry a few different freewheel tools. Cassette tools are less varied. 

As for why derailleurs break on the road, I'd say wearing out, being out of adjustment, bent or taking an impact would be reasonable causes. One can avoid some of these by not putting the bike derailleur side down and avoiding impacts to the derailleur. That being said, on a square taper bottom bracket, you can install different square taper crank arms on the left and right (different sizes, different makes, etc). You can mix hollowtech 2 crankarms on the left and right as well. So on, so forth -- the compatibility is determined by what type of crankarm you're running. 

That's a very hard area to patch properly (if its even possible), and I'd recommend putting a new tube in instead of trying to patch it. . 

Note for most of these repairs, the shop guy has to come to your house with all the compatible parts. Also, they have to assume: