And please don't go on upvoting sprees. We need downvotes as much we we need upvotes. If you're going to spend a considerable amount of time on the evaluation of content, vote up as well as down on content that qualifies for either vote. Looking through your question history, I see why you might be somewhat confused. You have after all successfully asked this type of question before. And you've gotten answers and upvotes. I personally think that has sent the wrong message from the start. If you are however not looking to solve your own problems, writing your own code, then Stack Overflow might not be the place for it. So does that mean I can go around SO, grab an answer, and post it verbatim as my own if I just dump in some attribution? Technically perhaps. (IANAL) But the community will be pretty quick to kick my behind for doing so. Copy-paste answers are not appreciated and, even when correct, can expect their fair amount of downvotes. And exactly for the case where a user wrongly edits a question, we have a rollback. The problem with edits is that there's nobody really teaching us what good edits are and what are bad ones. There are no clear guidelines. There is no document outlining various scenarios and how to act upon them. Where your company might have a strictly adhered to code-style, there is no such thing for SO posts. (Nor do I see how that could be created really, besides some very basic rules. Don't format things as code when they are not, for example) Yes, we initially have the review system for newer users. But to some extent it seems to be flawed as a teaching tool when pretty poor edits are getting through. (Thereby validating the user in their edit). So we close, leave a comment or two and hope for the best. And even in those cases where we do go the extra mile, that does not always turn out to be appreciated. Surely you can't find any fault with that.... Any editing should be non-destructive. It should not fundamentally change the question/answer or make it something it's not. Especially with regards to the editing of code in a question, one should be careful to not alter the question or perhaps rather stay away from the code altogether. The problem with a question like this is that it's not an actual problem you face. "Now hold on" I hear you say, "This is a problem I'm facing, because I don't know how to solve it". Well, the way I see it, that's not exactly what that line means. No, reputation is not the site's currency. It is not a means of payment. It at most is a rough indication of the community's trust in your contributions over time. And we do try our best. We edit questions into shape where possible. We close content that really should not be here. We do all we can. But especially Stack Overflow is big. And with the high volume of questions coming in, we can't hold every user's hand and show them the error of their ways by diving into deep conversations. This makes this question only of value to the OP and not to the community at large. There are a couple of things at play here. First of all, if you think the answer in its current state is a bad answer, downvote it. It's as simple as that. If the community does the same, it will be pretty clear there are problems with the answer. You want something, sure. But that is not a question it itself. It can at most be translated into a request. And if that is what you're going for, you don't have a question. If that is your attitude, perhaps this is not the site for you. The best way to participate here is to enjoy learning, and to enjoy giving. Both are based on quality content. Learn by asking great questions (which is often more difficult than it might seem) and give by providing great answers. If anything, quality content is the currency of Stack Overflow. Guess what, we already have that role. And you know who has that role? YOU. Well, and me. And everybody else on the site. Welcome to Stack Exchange. A network of websites with community moderation. Websites which are collaboratively edited. Websites where increased reputation and implied trust leads to more available moderation tools for all of us.