You still have to play out the quests as if you have not done them before, even if the followers meet. They don't have any interactions in town either. Absolutely nothing really happens (outside some short dialogue) and it is pretty bizarre. Another thing you should know about equipping followers is that they receiver a 2.5x multiplier to any of the base stats (STR, VIT, INT, DEX), so it is advantageous to seek out gear for them that maximizes that. What enemies should I seek out for this purpose? In game, using just the friends list, they don't get this extended amount of info, however they will still see who you are playing as (name and class), what quest, and how many people. If you want one earlier, I suggest hitting the auction house. There are plenty available for very cheap. The community-wide assumption, is that several sided strike deals 999% damage, as the base seven sided strike does 777% in 7 strikes. And if so, what is the reach range of each weapon? When I go to download the Diablo III game client from Battle.net, I have a choice between three different clients if I intend to play in English: English (US), English (EU), and English (SG). I think that your decision should be made on a case-by-case basis, based on the specific items. I don't think it's possible to reach a general rule for 2-handed over 2 1-handed or vice versa, Monk or not. Of these +life and +mana are unique in the fact that they always work; the others only come in the form of "chance to" affixes. I've excluded life steal from this list because it isn't formally "per hit". I can't seem to find how to set a mouse button click to a regular attack. How is that done? Edit specifically regarding Monks, there is one important difference here - Spirit-generation from skills depends on attack speed only, not on damage done or any other affixes. Since dual-wielding means +15% attack speed, a dual-wielding Monk will generally generate Spirit faster than a Monk using only one weapon. This question is inspired by the behavior in Diablo II as well as the category header for polearms in Diablo III's official game guide: By the way, because of this, there is practically no reason to create two different characters of the same class if you just want to experiment with a different build - unless you want to experience the game again from the start as a new character, or want to play a different gender, or want to create a hardcore character. What act, quest, and area do you usually spot them? I know these areas are random, but a general idea or potential scripted event would be nice. You still have to play out the quests as if you have not done them before, even if the followers meet. They don't have any interactions in town either. Another thing you should know about equipping followers is that they receiver a 2.5x multiplier to any of the base stats (STR, VIT, INT, DEX), so it is advantageous to seek out gear for them that maximizes that. Absolutely nothing really happens (outside some short dialogue) and it is pretty bizarre. The Auction House seems to be having a lot of problems right now, so be wary that it may be awhile before they have a response for you. While it's important to realize the random nature of the game and it's drops, here are some general observations I have made in my playthroughs. Keep in mind, your experience may vary: