Here a quote for the calculation for 'isha and fajr timing from moonsighting.com Al-Mayathir: plural of Maythar, which is a kind of soft timber First of all congratulations and may Allah combine both of you in good deeds and bring goodness between you (sunan abi Dawod and Jami' at-Tirmdihi) and give her a certain time or try to gain her confidence and arouse her lust via foreplay, as some scholars interpret (2:223): As possible evidences he quotes the fact that according shari'a a woman shouldn't travel alone or receive any foreigner in her house without the presence of a mahram and ordered to veil her. (here an article in Arabic) One could add that leaving the house without the guardians permission is also not allowed. "And who knows what these "free driving" women will do and where they might go with a car"! This basically isn't bad, but maybe some people may say it is not sunnah or even declare it as bid'ah. On the whole it is pretty usual. So the best solution is to get time tables or chart which are based on (local) observations of astronomers, which mostly (or hopefully) could be found in mosques. An other possible solution is the use of applications which change/vary this angle with the change of time and season. One of those methods is that one of moonsighting.com and one could easily download a prayer schedule for the whole year from the site (see how they calculate here). And there seem to be an other app called Sky Prayers which uses the same method. UPDATE well I just read this article in Arabic which shows that -at least- in Germany fiqh scholars and astronomers are encouraged to work together on updated (corrected) prayer time tables for 2017! while reciting the du'a you should have your focus on the matter you need guidance for/about (for example think of it for by having in mind all benefits, all losses and possible results) so try to prepare yourself as good as you can to let this istikhara be a success, by being focused and aware of the fact that you are consulting or communicating with your Creator! Be aware that you can re-do istikhara. This was my major source in Arabic. Above 51.5° (e.g., Cambridge, UK), the sun does not go 15° below horizon on the longest day of the year. On other days, Isha calculated at 15° will give Isha time 2.5 hours after Maghrib. This becomes hardship. Note that both of you will be very exited as until this moment you were strangers so think well what the first impression of your wife about you as a husband will be! A short definition could be found in this well known hadith. So falling into ghaybah is very easy, as the grey zone between halal and haram here is very tiny and it's very hard to avoid it. And therefore the middle way -as described in the linked Fatwa- is not to wear clothes which are pure red but to wear clothes where the red color is mixed with other colors. And i want to give you some general rules as an Imam: I'm not sure if just listening to the du'a and saying amin/ameen would be considered as valid, that's why I would recommend reading or listening and repeating in case you don't want to read from a paper An-Nawawi added that ghaybah is allowed for shar'i goals if it wouldn't be possible to do something only using backbiting and quoted six reasons (all of them can be evidenced with ahadith) among them is: