In 2002, when the Angels defeated the Giants in the World Series, both teams were wildcards (and as there was only one wildcard, the bottom seed by default, though they were not the lowest win totals as Minnesota had 5 fewer wins than Anaheim, as Central Division champions). That is the only example in Baseball, though there really have only been two decades of history where it would be meaningful to say the two lowest seeds faced each other; prior to the wildcard, you only had one team from each division (so 4 total teams) in the playoffs, and with divisional play it's hard to say who would be seeded what in a larger playoff. As far as your questions at the end: the system works largely because it's a compromise between the players (who would like earlier free agency) and the owners (who would prefer six years of complete control). It probably benefits the clubs slightly, particularly as it's easy to identify certain players who are likely to receive 'bad' awards (closers in particular seem to get overly high awards - hence trades like the Addison Reed trade in the 2013/14 offseason) and cut them without cost; but it certainly is helpful to players as well compared to what it would be otherwise, and the owners are unlikely to agree to completely open free agency after 3 or 4 years. You cannot determine that with SLG, of course, as SLG does not measure proportion of at bats with hits. SLG measures total bases, though, so you can use that. Without it, both sides likely would make outraegous offers. Still happens sometimes (see: Eric Gagne) but in general clubs and players are within a million or so in most cases. This is fairly easy to see; you already calculated the joint probability of at least one hit (0.496), and the probability of both of them getting a hit is easy (0.3*0.28 = .084). Sum those two together and you get 0.58 again. If the question is what's the difference between then and now, you'll probably find that the major difference is in modern strength techniques allowing pitchers to throw that much harder; this both increases the number of pitchers who can competently pitch, and increases the benefit from rest - I'd rather have my starter hit 94 on most of his pitches every fifth day, rather than throw at 92 every fourth day. Second, as to why 'younger' players get less: Players and their agents are only allowed to compare themselves to other players in their service year or players with one year more service time. As much of the success of the arbitration is due to finding other players with the same stats, this significantly limits the argument that players may have compared to the market-inflated salaries. The arbitrator basically can only compare the player to other players in arbitration, until they are in their last year of arbitration; so Mike Trout cannot be compared to Albert Pujols, for example, despite the fact that any idiot would sign Trout for more than Pujols at this point. This can be argued to be waived in the case of 'special' players (see: Trout), but typically it does not yield nearly the 'market' salary nonetheless. In the NFL, there have never been a particularly low combination. Although 6 seeds have been successful, for example in 2005 PIT (6 seed) defeated SEA (1 seed), they've never had to face similarly low seeded teams; the lowest I see is 6 seed vs 2 seed (Packers/Steelers), which isn't exactly a low seeded combo either. The reason it is Final Offer Arbitration is because that is common in labor negotiations. See the wiki on Arbitration: Reading SABR's Origins of the Pitching Rotation by Frank Vaccaro, the 5 man rotation existed in the 1930s, and even in the 1930s was the most common kind of rotation. See the chart (unfortunately very low DPI) in that article; by 1935 more teams pitched with a five man rotation than a four man rotation. If I have some time (maybe on the train home) I'll download the retrosheet data he used and make a better chart.