What happens in reality is this: you copy your favorite writers, and then, gradually, their style starts merging with yours (that is to say, your own feelings, your own thoughts). 

English isn't my native tongue, but I've been writing novels in English for a while. Most of the time, I can be aware of what's grammatically correct and what's not. But making sure that a sentence sounds like one written by a native speaker is a harder task. 

So I'm confused. Maybe it's because the scene is too short? Or because I didn't prepare the reader in the previous chapters? Get used to this absurdity? Or maybe it just depends on the audience? 

Yet, my readers complained that the teacher sounded unrealistic, that no teacher would say stuff like that. I'm not sure if you have tried Scribophile. They not only have an inline editing form but also have a template form which is divided into plot, pacing, description, characters, etc. 

When I was unemployed I did way more writing than I do now. If you really want to write, you need to make solid time for it (which you had plenty of time for back then.) Set aside some time, even if it's only half an hour a day. The more you stick to this the easier it will get. I always fall back on a very useful piece of info I once received: many publishers, upon reading a first paragraph that is pure description, will simply discard the piece and move on. Just make sure you don't slip into the trap of using a need for a better environment/equipment as an excuse to not write. That one's caught me out many a time. 

Can I make the following suggestions: em dashes are usually used to denote an interruption or sudden change — whether in dialogue, thought or narrative — ellipses are for pauses, again in all respects. 

Again not the answer you're looking for, but it depends! For some people planning out the whole story helps them stay on track, but for others it stalls their creativity entirely. Spend some time figuring out what works best for you and then put it into place. In fact, I really like finding music that fits the theme of what I'm writing, to help carry on that inspiration. 

It's light cast her face in green and shadow, making her seem alien. The waitress came back with the bottle of Budweiser, opened it mechanically, and stalked away from the table as if on auto pilot. Honestly with this one I'm not sure. I think you're getting at a sense of separation from reality, but when I have to figure out exactly what this statement means I step out of the story; she's not sure if she's heavy or light, so how do I relate? You say you're polishing an old story. My approach when I do that is to print it off, and type it back up, that way you’re not slotting lines in, instead you're upgrading it as you write. Anyway, I hope this helps :-) 

But I don't know, maybe I'm wrong and authors write stuff like the first examples all the time? 

The professor nodded, though his expression said, Now what do I do with this misfit? “Yes, animal suicide has indeed a lot to do with animal behavior. You’re very smart, Mrs. Lin. And I believe me, I’m very moved by your curiosity and enthusiasm. In fact, these are the qualities we value most in our students.” He rubbed the balding spot on the top his head. “However, suicide—even if it only involves animals—is a very delicate subject, like war, racism, terrorism, genocide. And therefore, not very suitable for a classroom. I hope you can understand that.” 

I think this reads strange because the narrator can't see his or her own face (or wasn't able to back then). "What?" My eyes lifted and I raised my brows in shock. 

I used to be a coder, too (PHP, Ruby, Javascript, etc). But my main thing was design. And I used to have the same wish as you: I wanted to think of fiction writing as "designing" a story. But later on, I understood that, even though they share some similarities, they are different kind of thought processes. It was only when I accepted that that I figured out how to be a better writer. 

I was wondering if it is a bad practice to combine third-person narration with first-person narration without using he/she thought, she/he wondered, etc (and just using italics instead)? If, for example, you picture Mr Jones as always being immaculately dressed in a formal business suit and carrying a walking stick, I'd mention that, at least once up front. Or at the other extreme, if you picture him attending a very formal event, like a wedding or a reception for the governor, wearing beat-up blue jeans and a cowboy hat, I'd mention that. But if you picture him wearing a business suit to his job as a lawyer, or wearing blue jeans when he's working in the yard, well, that's pretty much what the reader would expect, so it probably doesn't need to be mentioned. 

A follow-up thought: If how a character is dressed is relevant to the story, you should convey this information as early in the scene as possible. If you do not reveal this early on, then when you DO reveal it, the reader has to backtrack in how he pictured the scene. Like is you say, "Sally arrived at the pig farm early in the morning and set to work cleaning out the manure from the pig stalls ...", the reader is going to immediately have an impression in his head of Sally wearing some grubby clothes suitable to such work. If five pages later you mention that Sally is wearing a formal ball gown which she has carefully managed to keep immaculately clean through this task, the reader is going to have to rethink his entire mental picture of the scene up to this point. That kind of backtracking is often the punch line of a joke, and it might work for a humor story, but anywhere else it would just be disconcerting and confusing.