However, none of this takes away from God’s (and hence the other Persons’) essentially non-corporeal—that is, spiritual—nature. Divine Fatherhood in the Scriptures. As the question says, the Scriptures—both the Old and the New Testament (the New more explicitly than the Old)—take great pains to reveal God as Father. How to square the unchangeability of God with His apparent emotions in the Bible There remains the question of how to square God’s simplicity and immutability with the apparent emotions that He displays in the Bible, especially (but not exclusively) in the Old Testament. In this technical sense, man is a spirit (albeit an incarnate spirit), because, although he cannot exist fittingly without a body, still the death of his body does not cause the dissolution of his being. (See Catechism of the Catholic Church [CCC] no. 362) Angels are also spirits—in this case, pure spirits that do not depend on a body at all. (See CCC 328.) And all the more is God pure spirit. (Although it is not Magiterium, a good treatment of this topic is Summa theologia [S.Th.], Ia. q. 3, a. 1.) and finally to a special inspiration or indwelling of God, as in Judges 6:34: In essence, these are to be taken metaphorically. (This answer is suggested, regarding a slightly different problem, in the answer to objection 3 of I, q. 9, a. 1.) When the Bible makes an metaphorical affirmation regarding God, it is revealing an aspect of God’s unfathomable richness that cannot be fully or adequately expressed in human language. The name “Holy Spirit” comes about in a similar way. The name “Father” is especially fitting for the First Person of the Trinity because of the similarity between human fatherhood and the Fatherhood of the Father. Likewise, the name “Son” is fitting for the Second Person, because of the similarity between His being begotten and the begetting of human offspring. However, the Procession of the Holy Spirit bears no such similarity to human reality; for us, the world of “spirit” is mystrious and hidden, in much the same way as the reality of the Procession of the Holy Spirit is hidden from our understanding. Hence, the name “Holy Spirt” is fitting for the Third Person. (See S.Th. Ia., q. 36, a. 1.) The reason comes from the very nature of the Holy Trinity. As the Catechism of the Catholic Church (CCC) puts it,