One exception to the rule was a "castle" called the Alamo. This was defended by less than 200 die-hard Texans determined to "never surrender or retreat, victory or death." It had more symbolic* than strategic value. The judge probably figured that the rehabilitative impact of the one would be as great as the other, but the Army offered the more productive outlet for both the convict and for society. As I understand it, the ratio of Soviet to Axis losses was something like 6 or 7 to 1 in 1941, perhaps 2 to 1 in 1942, and (close to) 1 to 1 in the latter part of the war. This includes not only German losses, but those of allies (principally Hungarians, Romanians, and Italians.) So Soviet to German totals would be higher. In the middle of the 100 years' War, France's Bertrand du Guesclin reportedly used "countermarch" tactics successfully against the English. Another example was General National Greene's "March to the Dan" through the Carolinas to Virginia (and ultimately back to Guilford Courthouse) against Cornwallis during the American Revolution, over somewhat larger distances. And the classic example, of course, was the Long March of the Communists in China away from the Nationalists to the northwest of China in the mid-1930s. In each case, a weaker force used the factors of time and distance to turn the tables against a stronger attacker. What caused them to succeed? Trench warfare, a defensive innovation, made its appearance in the American Civil War (and other late 19th century conflicts) as a result of the offensive Napoleonic campaigns of the early 19th century. Two late 19th century inventions sealed the predominance of trench warfare; barbed wire (to slow ground movement), and machine guns; local small arms fire that was "repeating." The Latin American countries that "projected" naval power were the ones that had naval power. Notably Argentina and Chile. At the battle of Falkirk in 1298, William Wallace (aka "Brave Heart") abandoned the guerrilla tactics that served him so well at Stirling Bridge, and adopted a strong, but "conventional" defensive position featuring formations of spearmen. The Scots were outnumbered two to one, and were badly beaten by the English "combined arms" of cavalry, archers, and pikemen.