What do you think the best option would be in this spot? 

Should you bluff? No, your hand is too strong. Should you valuebet? No, your hand is too weak. You have a clear check and if your opponent bets you have a decision to make. Luckily you didn't have too. Flop comes 5♥8♥6♣, BrynKenney checks the big blind and I like this play. Although there isn't really a pre-flop aggressor, BrynKenney will be checking it over to caecilius on most of the flops. Betting with Q7 doesn't really make a lot of sense. Q high has showdown value, you have the backdoor flush draw and an open-ended straight draw, so a lot of equity, but just not enough to get it all-in at this SPR. Getting raised after you bet the flop just really sucks and by checking BrynKenney avoids this situation. Q7 is for sure good enough to check call. 

I think both betting and check-raising the river are good with this hand. But mixing in both is definitely superior and only the best of the best are capable of actually implementing this. Caecilius check it back again, which is again pretty standard. He just has showdown value and is looking to check it back on the river. Overbetting only really makes sense when your opponent's range is capped, not yours. However, caecilius is a great player and I would love to hear his reasoning. Check-calling, the more conservative option, doesn't allow your opponent to outplay you, but I think you might lose some value. 

NastyMinder has an easy call. He has great equity, but he doesn't want to play a massive pot, because of ICM. However, you want raise here sometimes for value, so I think it is important to work in some bluffs too. But Tc7c has simply too much equity to bluff. I'd prefer a hand like 7h4h, since they can fold to a 4-bet. I went with the bet-fold option. I think it is reasonable to get value in this spot versus a good ace, a straight and perhaps a lower flush. I think folding to a raise is reasonable, since you can be betting with sets or Q8, K8 or A8. So you are for sure not at the top of your range. Besides it takes a lot of heart to check-raise bluff this river, after I check-raised the turn. 

I am planning on making a first deposit on partypoker to play tournaments. I live in the Netherlands, where the euro is used. Depositing and withdrawing from euro to dollar and back costs me a total of 6%. Let's look at the hand step by step, starting pre-flop. 

On the turn you can go either way. I don't mind to keep betting, since your hand is still pretty strong, but you should not bet full pot. Doing this will force your opponent out of the pot with the weak hands you want him to call with. At this point you can't really protect against draws other than straight draws. The board is less wet, so you should bet smaller. I don't understand the 3x open from 88maca88. I guess he is saying that he is not folding to calculer_, but with AK he should be inducing the shove. Plus Fedor Holz (CrownUpGuy) can put him in some difficult spots when he 3x opens. He definitely does not want to play a huge pot with AK against the chipleader here. Maybe it was a misclick. 

I was playing heads-up NLH $0.01/$0.02 against a relatively solid player. We were 200BB deep. See the action of the hand below: Now on the turn you can shove 33 and JT for value, that is it really. These hand are in my opinion even very unlikely, since they would generally raise the flop on such a wet board. My point is, if you raise on this turn, you don't have much value, so you should be very selective with your bluffs. 

I personally think 9s8s is a perfect hand to bluff with in this spot as a bluff, because the hand plays really well this way. When called against a set or one/two pair, you still have equity. But the most important part is you fold out hands that have you completely crushed like suited aces, kings, or queens with spades. Or perhaps UTG was trapping pre-flop with ace king. Your opponents simply have to fold these draws since they are not getting the right odds. If you'd just call you might get into trouble and run into a bigger flush or straight when you hit. Also, 98 does not block some weak hands your opponents might have that have to fold to a jam: AT, KT, QT, KQ, As5s etc. calculer_ definitely has to fold with JTo. I ran the calculations and he should only shove around 88+,AJs+,AQo+. 

Now you do decide to bet full pot here and get raised. Should you call? Now let's take a step back. You fired full pot on flop, turn and river. What could your opponent have here? Perhaps he could have AJ, KJ or J9 but would he really play a hand like this when you represent such a strong range? Since he limped on the button he has a bunch of flushes in his range. He can easily have you beat. Now let's look at your range. What hands would you play this way? Probably any set and a flush right? If you call with tens here you are calling with close to 100% of your range. This is very bad, since if your opponent figures this out, he will just never bluff you anymore. Additionally you don't have a diamond in your hand, so you don't block him from having a flush. You should definitely fold your hand here. Pretty standard at this point. NastyMinder has to check and like I pointed out 88maca88 just checks it back and takes it down. 

A♥. This is an interesting turn card. BrynKenney could decide to start bluffing here. But again, he really doesn't want to get check-raised, because he has so much equity. Caecilius has plenty of aces in his range that checked the flop and on a wet board like this, caecilius could definitely raise it up with most of them. Better bluff candidates would be hands BrynKenney doesn't mind folding to a large raise. Like any heart, preferably a low heart or 7x without a heart and/or without showdown value, and then every sort of single straight draw. Plenty of other bluffs BrynKenney can have in this spot. I like BrynKenney's play.