Dominus Iesus (a declaration of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith); the quotes cited are respectively from Lumen Gentium, a document of Vatican II, and Redemptoris Missio, an encyclical letter of Pope John Paul II (Catechism, paragraphs 1963, 1966) The charity of Christ is the source in us of all our merits before God. The site describes its belief framework with respect to OSAS: (Catechism, paragraph 2008, 2009, 2010; emphasis in bold added) It appears, then, that Pius IX was aware of these two aspects of Extra Ecclesia Nulla Salus, and did not feel they were contradictory. Nor does the Church now feel that they are contradictory: (Catechism of the Catholic Church, paragraph 1987, quoting Romans 3:22) One might argue that this represents the sort of conversion described above, which would result in the total purification of the thief. 1 Council of Trent, cited in Catechism of the Catholic Church paragraph 1989. But it, in itself, is not what saves. Rather, one's cooperation with God as a consequence of sanctifying grace, and with the help of further graces received as a consequence of baptism, is what God allows to save us: Since the initiative belongs to God in the order of grace, no one can merit the initial grace of forgiveness and justification, at the beginning of conversion. Moved by the Holy Spirit and by charity, we can then merit for ourselves and for others the graces needed for our sanctification, for the increase of grace and charity, and for the attainment of eternal life. The New Law is the grace of the Holy Spirit given to the faithful through faith in Christ. It works through charity; it uses the Sermon on the Mount to teach us what must be done and makes use of the sacraments to give us the grace to do it. Since the initiative belongs to God in the order of grace, no one can merit the initial grace of forgiveness and justification, at the beginning of conversion. Moved by the Holy Spirit and by charity, we can then merit for ourselves and for others the graces needed for our sanctification, for the increase of grace and charity, and for the attainment of eternal life. This is a re-translation of a quote from the Dogmatic Constitution Lumen Gentium: Many times there will be a special collection for missions or charities. Then you know you're giving will directly help the needy, by those who can help them best. If she were sinless, then it would be because God made her so, i.e. He saved her before or at the moment of her conception. 492 The "splendor of an entirely unique holiness" by which Mary is "enriched from the first instant of her conception" comes wholly from Christ: she is "redeemed, in a more exalted fashion, by reason of the merits of her Son". The Father blessed Mary more than any other created person "in Christ with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places" and chose her "in Christ before the foundation of the world, to be holy and blameless before him in love". (just in case you were wondering, the people on EWTN's forum are "Experts" not shmoe's like me) So, one would hope it is a learning process. Few are convinced overnight. If you read Orthodoxy, by G.K. Chesterton, you'll have read the auto-biography of a man who was utterly convinced, but remained outside the Catholic Church for another 12 years. He found the truths in the Catholic Church to be astonishing. He admired it because it is a "Truth telling thing". Everyone, with a soul, applauds whem seeing truth spoken to power; but it makes power nervous. When truth is spoken to everyone, everyone gets nervous - it's a natural consequence of our fallen nature. Chesterton has no more "Idea of becoming a Catholic than becoming a Cannibal" Assumption The other part, about her not dying, or at least not dying as we know it is the Catholic dogma of the Assumption of Mary. That dogma was never codified until the 1950's but is a very old tradition; older even than the apocryphal manuscript that corroborates it. The reason for her assumption is that she wouldn't feel the effects of sin (age, illness and death - or pain during childbirth). But, as a good Christian, the first Christian, she is thought to have desired to follow her Son in death. So, at the end of her earthly life, she was assumed into heaven and all this was done according to the will of God, because it was done in accord with the will of God and not against it. Since the initiative belongs to God in the order of grace, no one can merit the initial grace of forgiveness and justification, at the beginning of conversion. Moved by the Holy Spirit and by charity, we can then merit for ourselves and for others the graces needed for our sanctification, for the increase of grace and charity, and for the attainment of eternal life. This is a re-translation of a quote from the Dogmatic Constitution Lumen Gentium: Actually Catholics would have to assent to the statement that "once saved, [one is] always saved" (I'll refer to this belief as "OSAS" for short). The difference is in when Catholics believe one is saved. 1 Council of Trent, cited in Catechism of the Catholic Church paragraph 1989. The site describes its belief framework with respect to OSAS: This re-formulation is nowhere stated to supersede the "Outside the Church..." formulation. It is a rephrasing which the Catechism uses to explain the original formula. An obvious advantage of having two reformulations is that it allows one to understand a single truth in multiple ways. Thus, there is the original formulation which you state, which certainly brings to mind the last sentence of paragraph 846, to which you link: