Finally, I have not read Positive Discipline and it sounds as though it may conflict slightly with the other books I have listed here, but only slightly. It SOUNDS like it really goes over helping your kids feel a sense of self worth and how to let natural consequences help in teaching them the lessons they need to learn. @Christine Gordon recommends it frequently, and based on what I have read from her on this site, it is probably a resource you may find exceedingly helpful. I hope to read it myself soon. 

On the eye contact note, if Alice really had made a wrong decision I expected her not look at me (not that I ever told her this). It is an indication of a feeling of shame. Kind of like a dog tucking its tale between its legs. He is actually showing you that you are the boss and he knows it and he is feeling bad (whether he is feeling bad about the action that got him the time out or just feeling bad about the time out is anyone's guess, but he is feeling bad). I'd let the eye contact thing go personally. 

I started by explaining why this is a problem. 

The follow up discussion would include listening and empathy for whatever it is he is trying to express, an expression from you about how much it hurt not just the area that was hit, but your heart because it hurt your feelings too, as well as some instruction in more constructive ways to express himself. If he says he hit because it was fun. Simply state it wasn't fun for you and this is a game you do not like. Then move on. Highly emotional reactions are stimulating to some kids so express a mild disappointment over it rather than anger or heavy emotion of any kind. 

To Deal with the Cause Of course it is incredibly difficult to know what the root cause of such behavior is, but this really isn't "normal" two year old behavior. In all the twos I've met having taught at a preschool, I only had two or three who thought hurting others was funny or a game of any sort. Two of the Three were later diagnosed with behavioral/socio-emotional disorders. The third, "grew out of it", but he and his guardians and parent had some help from a psychiatrist too - there may have been more to it than I as the teacher was led to believe (he was bounced between homes a lot). It is normal for a child to try out such behavior once or twice, but not for it to become a repetitively occurring problem. 

My attitude with Alice (and with my former students) was - "The wrong others do doesn't make your wrongs less wrong." Alice knows she expected to stand out in the crowd as the leader who makes the right choice and sets the example for good behavior. I simply won't tolerate less. She also knows that she can come to me and ask for help, advice, feedback etc. without me being angry with her or judgemental about her not knowing what to do.