Summary The first of these four arguments is certainly the weakest, though some scholars who interact with the counterargument still maintain it with respect to at least John 16:13–14. Nonetheless, defenses of the personhood of the Spirit most safely rest on the biblical evidence of the Holy Spirit's relationship with other persons, his personal attributes and activities, and indications that he is not merely the "power of God." 

Humanity cannot make the required satisfaction Anselm next addresses the issue of man's attempts to repay God. Good works cannot repay the debt, because God created man "out of nothing" and is his Master, and a slave's obedience to his master is expected: 

Grudem also points to Christ's exclamations on the cross: "It is finished" (John 19:30) and "Father, into your hands I commit my spirit" (Luke 23:46). Both of these, Grudem argues, suggest that Christ expected that his suffering and estrangement from God would immediately end, and that he would be welcomed to the Father. Grudem also notes the similar words of Stephen in Acts 7:59. 

The word "another" in this verse, plus the application of the same Greek word for Helper (parakletos) to Jesus in 1 John 2:1, further establishes the personhood of the Holy Spirit by indicating that the Holy Spirit's role mirrors that of Jesus in this significant respect. 

Other examples of this are John 15:26 and especially 16:13–14. However, some trinitarian scholars reject this argument as specious, saying that the rules of Greek grammar are not controverted in these verses: the masculine pronoun, they argue, can legitimately refer to the masculine noun Helper, not Spirit, even though (particularly in John 16) they are not in close proximity.2 

But there are many, many passages in the Bible regarding the treatment of animals. Here are some examples from the Old Testament: 

This got me thinking: what else can have the Spirit of God in them? A country? An animal? An inanimate object? 

God has said that vengeance should belong to Him alone, but why? 

What is the biblical basis for God doing this? I understand why we shouldn't take vengeance--because our judgement would almost certainly be faulty and out of an unloving intent. But it seems like God would be acting on the vengeance in our hearts if he were to do it himself. 

Sorry, got distracted. I just googled "Francis Bacon two books quote": 

Community of Christ Their statement of note: 

Psalm 13:1-2 ESV How long, O Lord? Will you forget me forever? How long will you hide your face from me? How long must I take counsel in my soul and have sorrow in my heart all the day? How long shall my enemy be exalted over me? 

And an overwhelming percentage of Christians across all denominations view these passages as metaphorical. It's only the small, liberal, fringe-feminist Christian sects that choose to interpret these passages otherwise. 

The only biblical justification for calling God a mother would be to hyper-literalize passages like these: 

Elijah and Moses did return to visit Jesus and Jesus did return to visit Paul, but these people had already died and were permanent citizens of eternity visiting earth, not vice-versa. There's no account in scripture of a person entering heaven and returning to resume their previous life. 

Deuteronomy 32:35 ESV Vengeance is mine, and recompense, for the time when their foot shall slip; for the day of their calamity is at hand, and their doom comes swiftly.’ 

This Wikipedia page lays it out pretty well which Christian denominations accept same-sex marriage and just how much they accept it. Some denominations just kind of accept a little, while others split over it. 

A good answer can provide a couple non-obvious things or a comprehensive list of all things. Please note that this is not a "list/shopping question" because I'm asking the answers to be sourced from a closed set of data→the bible. 

The word "another" in this verse, plus the application of the same Greek word for Helper (parakletos) to Jesus in 1 John 2:1, further establishes the personhood of the Holy Spirit by indicating that the Holy Spirit's role mirrors that of Jesus in this significant respect. 

It is necessary that God brings to completion his purpose for humanity. Next, Anselm turns to the necessity of God completing his purpose for mankind. He argues that God's purpose for mankind includes filling heaven with a predetermined number of angels and men. The salvation of men, he says, does not depend on the Fall of angels, and there will be more elect men than fallen angels. He interacts with objections based on the "angels of God" reading found in the Septuagint of Deuteronomy 32:8 ("determined the limits of the peoples according to the number of the angels of God"), and argues that men can be considered "angels of God" in the same way that Judas was called a "devil" in John 6:70. (1.18) 

Citations, including all book/chapter numbers for Cur Deus Homo, refer to Anselm of Canterbury: The Major Works (Oxford World's Classics). 

Boso appeals to Galatians 5:6 ("faith which operates through love") and Ezekiel 18:27 ("if the wicked man turns from his wickedness and does what is right"), that faith is the means of obliterating wicked acts, but Anselm reminds him of the assumptions made so far in the argument: that, so far, Christ and the Christian faith do not exist. 

Anselm's argument takes the following form: 

However, he is forced to rely on it in a few places, and he also tangentially mentions it in others. For example, he assumes the existence of God, and accepts the historicity of the Fall of Man as described in Genesis 3. While arguing that sin makes mankind a debtor to God, he mentions several texts (I'm quoting the NABRE here):