Here, one can see a bill "To end membership of the United States in the United Nations." 

If this is the scenario, we may see a severe killing of citizens, e.g. US citizens or target country citizens (Accusing government about human rights,... ) ,... . 

US supplies Saudi-Arabia with weapons. Big trade: creating jobs, and Preserving the value of $. 

Salafists have branches. The worst of them (which include Al-Qaeda and Deash) are Takfiri Salafists, supported by Wahhabi king of Saudi Arabia. Takfiri Salafists know all people of the world (of course except themselves), including Shia Muslims and majority of Sunni Muslims as infidels and enemies. Another group of Salafists are Jihadists. The difference of Jihadists and Takfiries is that, Jihadists dont accept the idea of Takfiries that say Kill them all. But they believe at war with e.g. Israel. 

As you know and said, Iran and Israel have serious problems with each other. And in every conflict that Israel is at one side, US is also in the same side. 

If in this case or in other similar cases the president of the U.S.A. commits war crimes, is it fair to expect that he should be prosecuted? Or are prosecutions only for people in weak countries? 

Does the UN have an official stance on the same thing? 

After all, it is hard to fight with Daesh because they have not specific base and they use Medieval ways (Human shields,...) 

What do the proponents and opponents of the bill state to be advantages and disadvantages of approval of the bill for the US? 

Now approach of each group towards Daesh: 

Some celebrities and also Democrats have boycotted Donald Trump's inauguration. 

Increasing military spending doesn't contradict necessarily with Trump being an isolationist; He can reduce US aid spending to foreigners (Here are some of aid receivers and some are hidden), and increase US military budget. 

To know what objectives each group has against Daesh, we should know ideology of these terrorists. he ideology ISIS follows, stems from Wahhabism, which was established in Saudi Arabia and rules Saudi Arabia, right now. They are takfiri. They consider another people of the world as infidel! and say they would (must!) be killed (Similar to former US President Bush who said you're either with us, or against us)!! Till now we know that all people all around the world are their enemy. But, priority of fighting is determinative difference of Daesh with Al-Qaeda. Daesh says priority of fighting is with close enemy. So although they consider all people as enemy, but they fight mainly with Muslims, specially with Shia. 

It is because of differences in ideology. Based on Shia ideology: 

There are also many demonstrations held in the country and in other countries. Has there been such a vast opposition with a US president inauguration after American Civil War? 

Saudi and Israel dont have problems with each other, as mentioned here. Saudi fight with Yemen and Hezbollah not with Israel. Saudi action are in favor of US and Israel against Iran. Saudi dont draw any independent way of life. They obey US. Saudi supply US with oil, and in bad economic situations give the dollars they earn from oil to buy US arms and kill US enemies. 

Does the United States of America have an official stance on whether China is democratic or not? If so, what is it? 

How do you know this? Time calls Donald Trump "President of the Divided States of America". The situation is getting worse every day for Trump. A large-scale military action can lead to solidarity. 

Although it seems a spending at first glance, but it can cause grate incomes. Consider, for example, proxy wars in middle east, Consider selling weapon to Saudi Arabia to kill people in Yemen,... 

You can see unrest towards the new borders (e.g Kurdistan is a new country separate from Syria, Iraq, Turkey and Iran) 

Questions: 1- What profits Accrued by US from this alliance? 2- How US politicians Justify this alliance to people of America and world (what excuse)? 3- Is there a study about statistic of how many people are satisfied with this alliance? what about special groups of people like students? 

So US dont care about human right, democracy, and ... in Saudi Kingdom. 

Common friend: Saudi Arabia has a friendly relationship with Israel (e.g. see here.) 

Note: It is not the case that all Sunni Muslims accept terrorist attacks like what Daesh do. Even It is not the case that all Salafists accept terrorist attacks like what Daesh do. 

Still, there are fundamental problems with US-Iran relations. There are two policies based on Two ideologies which draw two different ways of life. (Prosper for Iran is a defeat for US. A successful Muslim country in the middle east become a new model for other countries that now bow to US. It has serious effects Even on non-Muslim countries like those in Latin America). Both want to fight terrorism. But For Iran, Israel is a terrorist state that occupy Palestine and kills people, specially kids, in their own land. Iran consider Hamas and Hezbollah as liberator groups that fight for freedom against an occupier. and For US, Hamas and Hezbollah are terrorists. They fight against US (civilized) ally. (and more other things that you know about US position towards Israel, via media). 

Does China's government consider itself to be democratic? 

As a result a Shia can not do a suicide bombing at a place that there are civilians, and consider this action as an Islamic action. If do, (s)he would go to hell in the hereafter. 

The votes in the Senate were 99 to 0 and the votes in the House were 419 to 1. 

U.S. dont intervene in Syria "only" ; but intervene in whole world because of "controlling the world". Now, about Syria case: