Talon is as I've said before a burst assassin. He bursts and then runs off. So if anyone ever tells you to built attack speed on him. DON'T. Build pure AD and armor pen on him. You shouldn't have to stay and autoattack because any tanky AD DPS can kill you in a toe to toe fight Ezreal is one of those champions that can be built several ways. As pure AD, as an AP caster, or as a hybrid. If somehow the ganker was very sneaky and comes undetected, Caitlyn's 90 Caliber Net is a great escape tool. It shoots a net at the enemy to slow them AND shoots Caitlyn backwards. This in addition to flash(if she has that as a summoner skill) will widen the gap between the ganker and Caitlyn. Now lets look at a champion that is normally considered tanky. Lets look at Udyr. Udyr's health is 427 + 99/level so he starts with 526. That is 50 less health! But Udyr has much higher health gained per level than Gangplank does. This means Gangplank has a stronger earlier game(in terms of health). You can take this thought process and apply it to the armor and magic resist and other statistics. Runes: When runing a champions there are two things to keep in mind. Do you normally have trouble early game and would like a early game advantage or do you do well early game and want to have runes that scale really well into late game. This depends a lot on how you are going to build your Ezreal and who you are laning against. Inevitably during a game you will be ganked at one point. Because a ranged AD carry is usually very squishy, having the ability to escape and avoid damage is almost a must on an effective ranged AD carry. When choosing a strong early game damage dealer, take a look at their base attack damage and their skills. A champion like Ganglank, has a strong early game because he has multiple sources of damage. His auto attacks can proc his passive that can not only deal additional damage but provide a slow, AND his Parrrley which has a relatively low cooldown can add a lot of additional damage. Besides all the points I have used above, the most important point is the fact that if the support is jungling, the utility of the support is not very well utilized. A support is generally there to provide vision and protect a carry through the use of auras and heals/shields. If you are jungling, noone but the support will benefit from these auras (think Taric's armor boost, Soraka's Magic Resist boost, and Sona's Armor and Magic Resist boost). I would say yes to all of those questions if I'm understanding the discussion on the wiki about it properly. The thing with Jayce is unlike most other character's set of 3 skills, he in fact has a 7-skill-long combo-chain, and each skill in the combo is a different ability. It's also important to note that each of his skills (except Transform) operates its cooldown seperatly for each mode (Melee or Ranged). To understand what he can do lets look at his skills: It is entirely possible that the persistance of the effect of a spell is determined by the mechanics of it's existence. It would seem that spells that are in some way actively tied to their champions such as Fiddlesticks' Crowstorm, Anivia's Blizzard, and Galio's Idol of Durand, immediately end upon death of the Champion. However spells that are in some way independant of their parent champion such as Thresh's The Box, Vicktor's Chaos Storm, or Vladimir's Hemoplague, continue to have persisting effects. Poppy and Alistar both have skills that can knock Jayce around the battlefield which can also inturrupt his chain of spells and throw him off-balance, effectively shutting him down. From time to time I see a MASSIVE (at least 800 range diameter) blue octagon (or hexagon, it's gone too quick to be sure) on champions. It's gone in about 2-3 seconds everytime, too quickly for me to screenshot it by the time I realize it's there. I'll keep trying though. Inevitably during a game you will be ganked at one point. Because a ranged AD carry is usually very squishy, having the ability to escape and avoid damage is almost a must on an effective ranged AD carry. Runes: When runing a champions there are two things to keep in mind. Do you normally have trouble early game and would like a early game advantage or do you do well early game and want to have runes that scale really well into late game. Several major factors play a big role in level 1 fights. Additional question: I noticed that when the theme first came out it was half off. Is this only a promotional sale when it first came off or will theme periodically have half off sales like non-legendary skins? This depends a lot on how you are going to build your Ezreal and who you are laning against. This I believe is the most important attribute of a good jungler. A good jungler needs to be able to gank well. This means the champions has to have a minimum of 1 crowd control OR have very high burst damage. Usually the crowd control and the damage from the support is not as effective as some of the common jungler. And for Quintessances, i would take Armour Pen. Caitlyn is notorious for her early game harass and farm. Caitlyn has the longest range (with the exception of Tristana once she reaches lvl 12) in the game at 650 and is excellent at poking at her enemy. If she utilizes her passive Headshot correctly, she can put unexpected bursts of damage on her enemy. In addition to that, her Piltover Peacemaker is a long range skillshot that does not require targeting. This results in a very one sided harass from Caitlyn.