So, as we don't know how FIFA will exactly conduct the draw and given that the way the pots are formed for WC2018 are completely different from the previous edition, I can guess that the draw will be conducted with the help of computer (like UEFA Champions League group stage draw - video) and computer will only allow such draws that it never gets stuck at some point given the constraints. 

Average attendance is higher (stats as of 2015/16 season): Higher salaries: (as of 2014) And finally, probably because France is a bigger player in European and World football as a winner of World Cup and two-time champion of European Championship whereas the others in question winning only European Championship once. (Although, national team strength does not necessarily imply the strength of its league, at some degree it can be the judging factor why French Ligue 1 is in the top Eureopean Five). Besides that, the only practical scenario when being in top 5 actually matters is when deciding the winner of prestigious Golden Shoe award: 

As you can see, none of the fouls have anything to do with the ball. Many fans will claim that if a player gets the ball they can do no wrong, but that is not part of the rules. Although a formation is not required by the rules, it is often possible to tell what a formation will look like by examining the players that will be on the field. Some players are generally attackers, some defenders, and some midfielders. You can also sometimes tell based on knowledge about the coach - what formations has s/he used in the past in different situations. http://www.fifa.com/mm/document/footballdevelopment/refereeing/81/42/36/log2013en_neutral.pdf 

As the wikipedia article says (at least now, Fillet's seems to say it was recently updated), a two-footed tackle is only penalized if it is careless, reckless or made with excessive force - the same language in the first rulebook citation above. 

First mention (Page 36, Law 12 - Fouls and Misconduct): Average attendance is higher (stats as of 2015/16 season): Higher salaries: (as of 2014) And finally, probably because France is a bigger player in European and World football as a winner of World Cup and two-time champion of European Championship whereas the others in question winning only European Championship once. (Although, national team strength does not necessarily imply the strength of its league, at some degree it can be the judging factor why French Ligue 1 is in the top Eureopean Five). Besides that, the only practical scenario when being in top 5 actually matters is when deciding the winner of prestigious Golden Shoe award: 

This question has been addressed in the paper by Lionel Page and Katie Page (2007) 'The second leg home advantage: Evidence from European football cup competitions', Journal of Sports Sciences, 25: 14, 1547 — 1556. 

Which implies that if someone got direct red card, he or she could've also been cautioned with a yellow card before. It's worth to mention that Real Madrid's 2013/14 CL campaign delivered an outstanding result with a whooping average goal difference of 2,38 per game, as compared to average 1,21. Moreover, with this run Real Madrid is the only CL-winner side that achieved an average goal difference greater than 2 per game.