Now, the result is that this 4 year old is a very patient, quite hard working kid - when she's with me. She doesn't pay too much attention to her father's words many times because he doesn't act, just talks, doesn't follow up regularly. Nearly zero tantrums. I have to tell her only once that she needs to keep all the blocks and toys that she threw around back in the box. She tells me to help which I do. She does her share of work very properly. She has empathy, says sorry when she needs to, helps to clean around the house when required, and has a great attention span too. What is the proper way to praise the hard work and patience of a child such that she doesn't start depending on my praises? 

Problem is that she mostly always behaves properly. Punishing her is rarely required. No bribes have been given till date. I am feeling that I am praising her too much because of the great amount of proper behavior from her side. 

Goes to washroom herself, never has had accidents. We use diapers on her at night only because we don't want to bother ourselves. I have heard about bullies in schools, haven't ever seen or faced them in real life though. 

Being a working person I may not be always near my kid. Also, it is a possibility that he may not tell me that he has been undergoing bullying somewhere because of fear or some other reasons. Since I have been on this site before she was born, I applied all the proper ways of talking and behaving with the child which are often advised here. 

Unless your new material is suitable for children (and you don't mind it being torn etc.) then don't give him your things. Instead, put them away and play with him. 

If we don't succeed, we know that the afternoon and evening will be a little tougher. One thing we are very clear about: No whining, no begging. He may choose to end his nap, but we won't accept any kind of blackmail (crying) because he wants movie/candy/whatever. He is allowed to play with his toys just like always, and he may ask us to play along just like always. But he is not allowed to set our agenda, or to demand unusual things (in our case, movies or candy are in the "unusual" category and is not on offer when he's grumpy). they climb so high just to see each other. (The hedge is dying and we're forced to put up a fence this year; we're contemplating making it really high.) they yell so loud that the whole neighborhood can hear them. I suspect several neighbors might be annoyed by that, and personally we don't feel that's an appropriate way to communicate. their yelling is senseless bragging or teasing, or promising to come over despite not having asked the parents first. they continue to disregard our commands to get down from there and stop yelling and they're upset when we lift them down onto the lawn and send them indoors. How would you handle this? Obviously the fence height isn't going to be a practical solution - we want to deal with this properly and personally.