Unless you constantly work harder, the value of your wages and savings decline Businesses have trouble investing in new ventures or even just staying stable against competition Interest rates rise, making it difficult to borrow money. (All of those assume that you don't have the opportunity to anticipate the inflation and shelter the value in foreign denominated currency, which the leaders do in the example you cite). 

Definition of terms We need to define democracy, capitalism and prosperity before we can proceed. 

(The following paragraph has been rewritten at the request of OP and others) I also question your assumption that the Founding Fathers would have leapt to emulate the British model. Remember that their first attempt (the Articles of Confederation) was very different; it was unicameral, very limited in scope and effectively included no executive. The discussions about the second attempt (the Constitution) included several different solutions. The Virginia Plan was bicameral, but the upper chamber may not have been directly elected (wikipdedia disagrees, and I don't have my other sources with me). The New Jersey Plan advocated a unicameral legislature. Hamilton advocated a government that was explicitly constructed on the British model - his plan was soundly rejected, partly because it called for a strong executive serving for life, and partly because the delegates feared Hamilton's affection for the British Model. 

Democracy (I’m going to ignore the distinction between democracy, republic, and a couple of others.) is difficult to define because North Korea, East Germany and the United States all claim to be democratic, yet all fall short of the ideal in different ways. For simplicity of argument, let us suppose a bipolar scale with some democratic ideal at one end, and some form of authoritarian regime at the other. I’ll use Linz’s criteria to distinguish – countries on the democratic end have (1) stronger/more effective constraints on political institutions, (2) legitimacy based on something other than emotion, (3) minimal constraints on political mobilization by the inhabitants and (4) formally defined and stable definitions of executive power. Countries on the authoritarian end of the axis have minimal constraints on political institutions, legitimacy based on emotional appeal, strong constraints on political mobilization and informal or unstable definitions of executive power. This is actually the easiest of the terms to define.