Folding bikes are quite useful for 'theft strategy'. You can easily pull quite a lot off the bike with the quick release levers, including the seat and post. However, in reality, this does not happen because the folding bike can be put under a desk, parked in a pub, left at reception or even pushed around a supermarket in the trolley. Only a simple £5 combination lock is needed to deter casual theft during quick visits to shops. 

Do you know what size seat post you need for your bike? Write it down so that you can order a replacement easy enough after it has been stolen. 

On my mountain bike I have the special five-sided allen-key with special undoing handle-thingy. This is great in principle and I have never had my wheels or seat stolen on that bike thanks to those bolts. However, there have been a couple of occasions when I have needed to get somewhere quickly and gone for the taxi/back of friend's car option only to find that I left the special key behind and cannot disassemble the bike. There is a lot to recommend in Sam's tip of a low-security 'standard' cable lock coupled with a D-lock. You can do better than that still if you can get the ABUS 'Partner Pack'. This is a D-lock and a cable lock that share the same key. On your trip to/from work where you have a safe place to park you can carry just the lighter cable lock and use that to secure your bike for the few minutes stopping off on the way back to pick up groceries. Then, if you go into the center of town and have to park where you really do not want to then the D-lock and cable can be brought to lock up as Sam describes. 

These days, many "hand built" wheels are really hand finished. The machine does the initial lacing and tensioning, the human does the final tension balancing. This could take less than five minutes of human time. Note that if your bike has a presta or dunlop valve, you'll need either an adapter or a different head. I did this with my 1975 Peugeot UO18 to turn it from a 2x5 into a 2x9 speed (actually 2x8, as the frame interferes with the smallest cog). Even losing the smallest cog, I expanded my rear cogs from 14-26 five speed to an effective 13-34 on the rear. Made going up hills so much easier! I wouldn't use any solvents because you have carbon rims. 

It's called an axle nut in bicycling parlance. In general terms, it's a type of flange nut. So I would say in terms of shop labor time, on the short side it'd be 0.5 hours of labor for a hub and rim that they're familiar with and have premeasured spokes for; to 2.0 hours for a hub and rim they've never seen and will have to do some research and maybe special ordering or fitting before they can start work on it. 

It depends. If an inexperienced person such as your regular consumer does it, it could take a few hours especially if you don't have the proper tools or preparation. Campagnolo advertises the Khamsin Asymmetric Wheel: 

At £459 or about US$600 retail, the Saracen is also not an inexpensive bike. It should be more than able to handle your weight unless you're doing very aggressive biking (such as hopping on and off curbs or doing wild jumps without the proper technique). Riding on rough roads is well within the design parameters of this "hybrid" bike. 

If an experienced person at the shop does it with their tools, it could take half an hour if all the spokes are the right length, it's a standard lacing, or they've done the same wheel before. For example, in this youtube video, a skilled wheelbuilder only takes 7:30 seconds to built a new 32-spoke wheel up from scratch using pre-measured spokes. Dishing and tensioning the wheel would take perhaps another five to ten minutes. It's just a standard schrader head. Locking heads are only needed for hand- or foot-pumps as you can't secure the head on while pumping the pump manually. 

Why not put a really big wheel on front and turn it into a rocking trike? 

Once you got that sorted out, changing the size of the front wheel in a delta or rear wheel in a tadpole depends on the frame. In most cases, you won't have enough frame or fork clearance to put in a larger wheel. Furthermore, you'll also run into problems with your brakes (unless you have disc brakes) as the brake bosses will be in the wrong place. Your rim and associated tires might be too thick for the frame. Finally, you'll also change the angle at which the seat sits in relation to the handlebars. So in general, thinking about changing wheel size is a Bad Idea® because it won't fit, let alone stability issues. 

What you want for road use is slick tires -- tread and knobs are bad for road use. You have 26" (ISO 559) rims, so you need 26 x (something) tires where (something) is a number in decimal form (e.g. 1.75). Note that even if it is intended to be used with rim brakes, it may not provide as good braking as a rim with brake tracks and you may want to clean the braking surface more often. 

Note that a decent number of wheels (especially cheaper ones) need some adjustment before they're ready for the road (even if they're brand new) -- you'll likely want to use a bike shop for this. 

To quote the road.cc article above: 

If you are interested in doing this still (instead of buying a bike which you essentially like, and tweaking it, or having a conversion of an old frame done by your LBS), I suggest you go to your LBS, talk to them about what you want to do, take a bike which is similar to what you want, and get them to help you select which parts work for you (and you can have them install things which you don't want to buy the tools for or don't have access to, and have them check the wheel tensioning and stuff). The amount of time it takes you depends generally on mechanical aptitude, access to tools and luck in how close you get to getting something close to right in the first place.