The Twin Earth argument undercuts functionalism because it undercuts the identification of the mental with the functional. But the problem is not with creating "meanings", but with capturing them faithfully. It is worth recalling that Putnam was a champion of computational functionalism back in 1960s, before he wasn't. According to functionalism human mind is represented by a finite automaton running instructions of the kind:"given input I in state S change state to S' and produce output O". States are symbolic codes, and like any syntactic system this one is multiply interpretable, so it can not pick out unique "meaning" of mental states, i.e. their "intentional objects" (this is the price of "implementation neutrality" of functionalism). Putnam originally sought to fix the interpretation by requiring physical specificity of input/output. What Gödelian arguments demonstrated so far is that their authors make presuppositions that imply their conclusions without any mediation from Gödel. We might as well say it straight: "history shows that humans can do what no computer can do in principle". Either you believe it or you don't, no theorem can prove or disprove it. Some materialists, and causal dualists, do reject causal completeness of the microphysical, e.g. the Stanford Disunity Mafia (this is a nickname for a group of analytic philosophers which includes Dupré, Hacking, Suppes and Nancy Cartwright). Dupré in Metaphysical Disorder and Scientific Disunity argues that it as a hasty generalization from toy examples in tightly controlled laboratory conditions, which are far removed from either brain’s environment or complexity. This blocks the causal exclusion argument, but a plausible account of top down causation has not yet been offered any more than a physical reduction. Penrose's speculations about quantum gravity causing collapse in the brain microtubules are quite fantastic, and Kauffman's explanation that "mind does not act causally on brain at all, rather it acausally decohers to classicity (for all practical purposes), hence has consequences for brain and body as matter" is rather obscure. In principle, top down causation might even be consistent with some future version of physicalism, but that would seem to require developments in physics far beyond our current state of the art. See also Top-down Causation without Top-down Causes by Bechtel and Carver for a deflationary view of top down causation consistent with traditional physicalism. Here is another version of the same fallacy with immateriality replaced by intentionality, which is due to Searle: Categorical intuition releases Husserl from the need to keep perhaps the most implausible part of Kantian picture, the forever immutable a priori categories and forms of intuition. But it is not the intellectual intuition of Spinoza and Fichte, it captures invariances of sensuous experience, not "glimpses" of things in themselves. But with it Husserl can be more generous on what is almost a vanishing point in Kant, the unknowable X. The transcendence, as Husserl calls it, is that content of consciousness that "points beyond" consciousness itself, given to it as not its own but foreign, subject to pre-cognitive awareness as the "raw matter" of sensuous experience. The limited creative ability to perceive wholes, however weak and partial, ability that Kant denied us completely as "intellectus archetypus", allowed Husserl to remove some of the other-worldliness surrounding Kantian "supersensible substrate of experience", although as for Kant it remains beyond the reach of knowledge. A unique recent case of conjoined twins having a neural bridge connecting their brains raises some philosophical questions concerning mind sharing and the mind-body problem. From the article by Dominus in NYT (she personally spent 5 days with the family): Part of the argument (if I understood it correctly, which is unlikely) hinges on the fact that in order to be a valid 'thought', an idea must be related to something in reality. Because the brain has a thought about itself, it must exist in reality. Do thoughts exist? (Yes, I know it depends what I mean by 'existence' but I want that to be included in any answer; another way to phrase my question would be, can you define 'existence' with a plausible definition that would clearly include or exclude thoughts) I found a summary of the argument here, in "Philosophers Explore The Matrix" (not that I'm recommending the book or the movie which is referenced in the title) but it appears similarly flawed: if I merely have an illusion of a hand, isn't my 'thought' or speech regarding my hand a valid reference to my illusory hand? The word 'hand' still is referencing something, even if it has no ontological existence. But, hey, maybe the entire scholarly community has gotten Chalmers and company wrong. Maybe Chalmers has simply been slighted by careless, slapdash slanders by wild eyed physicalists who cannot stand to hear their theories contradicted. So, let's look and see what Chalmers himself says about whether qualia have causal powers. The question about The Other, so far as I can tell, is ethical. "What should I do to/for/with the Other?" Of course, the complicating factor is that sometimes authors like Levinas tend to make (seemingly implausible) claims about The Other that look metaphysical, like, "You can't be a self until you encounter an Other." I am not qualified to speak to what the reasons for such claims might be, however. (2) But you can be a person without encountering the other. Somebody in the comment thread below says that Jaworski, a professional philosopher of mind who published a peer-reviewed book on the subject with a reputable publisher is just wrong about the definition of "qualia."