When she was two we still had the rocking chair in her room and she would lay in her bed while one of us sat inn the chair reading or working on a lap-top till she fell asleep when we'd tip-toe out of the room. She still shows up in our room in the middle of the night to snuggle from time-to-time at age seven, but those nights are so rare now, I'm almost glad for them when they do come. Sometimes I miss the snuggling now that she needs so much less of it. Most nights she sleeps really well, and she is very flexible about where she sleeps when we travel too (she can sleep pretty much anywhere). I have also known of them to ignore a screaming child for at least half-an-hour so they could "finish a show" and all the kid really wants is attention anyway - it can wait - "The baby's lungs are developing." In any case, we are done with trusting them to baby sit. Cook together. Let him do the mixing (and maybe even egg breaking), he can probably slice bananas with a butter knife when needed. Talk about what you are doing as you do it. Your child will learn all sorts of nouns and verbs from this activity. You can also expect her genitalia to be a little swollen and sometimes even see a tiny bit of blood in her diaper in those first days. That is because she has been exposed to mom's hormones while she was still in the womb so it isn't anything to worry about. List all the words you can think of that start with a favorite sound. A great way to get this started, is teach your child the first sound in his/her name. Then say what else starts with that sound. Offer a few examples and then brainstorm together. Do this when standing in line at the grocery, at the bank, wherever. Point is, do it often. There are also problems related to mouth shape and alignment as well as alignment of the teeth the American Academy of Pediatricians points out as possibilities when bottle use is continued after 18 months!! Again, why your doctor would encourage you to do away with the bottle at this point is strange unless there is some special circumstance about your baby with which we are not aware. Finally: One can find discussion about how use of bottles and pacifiers can cause misaligned adult teeth, but all of what I can find online refers to this as a problem for kids that continue use after 18 months at the earliest. Even the AAP doesn't specify what these problems actually are though. The most specific statement in this regard that I found was on the Colgate Page! and said: The quotes above are cut from this article. Your question only asks about nouns - "things" to name, but verbs, adjectives, whole other categories of words exist your child will need to know too. While I don't have personal experience with this one, I do have an in law that tried putting them together right away but seriously regretted it because child 1 was a light sleeper and woke every time child 2 cried. She split them up until child 2 was sleeping through the night and THEN moved them together - it seems to have worked well for them. I almost forgot this one - as she grows, give her a role to play in the family, and eventually, the community. Contributing is an important part of being a social creature and is linked in to our psyche as well. Make sure she knows her contributions are important and appreciated - chores (as much as they complain about them) are a significant part of this. When she is old enough, volunteerism can play a role (as well as offer her some great experiences). Make sure she knows what her contributions are - these are the places where genuine compliments can be meaningful: