I have not been able to reproduce this on SO, SU, SF, MO, StackApps, gaming.SE, academia.SE, ubuntu.SE, electronics.SE, math.SE, english.SE, webmasters.SE, workplace.SE, skeptics.SE, cooking.SE, scifi.SE, physics.SE, graphicsdesign.SE or tex.SE. So, here's one for you HTML guys (and girls) at SE: please fix this extra whitespace, and make our comments look less ugly! Comparing the JS code before and after the change (which I happened to have available, since I still had an old chat tab I hadn't refreshed), the following change looks related: Curiously, while the working popup in the animation does have a visible one-pixel gap above it, the broken one doesn't. In general, I have not noticed a strong correlation between this bug and the visible positioning of the popup relative to the tag, even if I'd logically expect one. Typically, on sites where this happens, about half the posts on the front page are affected. Please fix the login process on Careers so that return URLs are properly percent-decoded. The behavior also seems to be both browser- and site-dependent: I've observed it on Firefox 29.0 on Kubuntu Linux; it does not seem to happen with Chromium 34.0 on the same platform. As for sites this happens on, I've been able to reproduce this bug on: I don't try to click tag popups too often, so I have no idea how long this has been going on, but I recently observed some rather annoying behavior while trying to favorite a tag on a beta site. Since an animation speaks more than 210 words (or something like that), let me include a screencast: As of today, this is what I see on my accounts page: which just says "Sorry, that page doesn’t exist!". Admittedly, it's a minor problem, but the cause is pretty obvious if you look at the HTML source: I'm pretty sure I used to have accounts on more SE sites than only Area 51... ...makes the dash wrap correctly: So, I had a message sent to me on Careers 2.0 today. Since I didn't happen to be logged in there, clicking the inbox link took me to the following page: So far, so good. However, after logging in, I was redirected to the following page: The recent chat JS update (v=1843478e0f49) seems to have broken the "link my next chat message as a reply to this" arrow icon functionality. When clicked, the icon now does nothing but emit the following error to the browser JS console: This doesn't happen with all tags on a page: in the animation above, the tags on the topmost post work fine, while those on the second-topmost one are buggy. As far as I can tell, if the bug affects one of the tags on a given post, it affects all of them. Scrolling the page appears not to have any effect on the behavior (unless I scroll the tag so close to the bottom of the window that the popup opens above the tag instead). Given that I first noticed this on a beta site, it's not really a surprise that it happens on all of them, and on MSE, which shares essentially the same tag styling. The appearance on rpg.SE surprised me, just as I was ready to conclude that this issue was only restricted to beta sites and MSE. I have so far not found any other affected sites, although there might be some. And, indeed, removing the extra space, like this: Sometimes, when the username at the end of a comment wraps to a new line, the dash before it gets left dangling on the previous line: I have one Unicoin. Only, the sidebar keeps telling me I have "1 Unicoins". This is clearly a bug at archive.org — I can reproduce it by manually sending HTTP requests to their servers, without involving SE in any way. What appears to trigger it is the combination of: It appears that sometimes there's some kind of a narrow gap between the tag link and the popup, and if the mouse cursor happens to hit that gap while moving the mouse over the popup, the popup disappears. Moving the mouse fast enough sometimes allows the cursor to skip the gap.