If you do decide to take off the chain, you might consider wrapping a very long athletic sock or some pipe foam around the chain ring to protect you from it. You use a chain tool to push the pin into place after making sure the chain is the right length by shortening it (by removing links on the other side of the chain as the master pin). It's very painful -- both at the moment as well as later when trying to get the grease and grime out of the puncture wounds... However, whether buying a nicer bike is worth it depends on your business model: how much you expect to spend on maintenance and how long you amortize each bicycle given also abuse and theft levels. 1a) Bicycles with oil bath chaincases used to exist, that would drag the chain through oil - much like a wet sump on cars. This would cause constant lubrication, decreasing wear. However, I imagine that they would leak like crazy and that the oil - much like auto oil - would be black, dirty, and messy. The system would also be heavy. For these and many other reasons, they haven't been produced in almost 80 years. Bicycle chains accumulate gunk which tends to be composed of dirt from the environment (dirt kicked up from the front wheel as well as abraded rim material if you have rim brakes) and abraded material from the chain and the cogs/chainrings, all held in colloidal suspension with the lubricant grease from the chain. How can you measure -- or otherwise tell -- which Missing Link you should get? That being said, if you haven't bucked the trend of every other rental place and decided to get the absolute cheapest bikes possible, then you might want to look into belt-drive bicycles. You'll solve at least the problem of chain rusting and sprocket damage from the sand and salt. Your customers will also be impressed with belt-drives as they are silky smooth. 3) Single-speeds use thicker chains and because they don't have to cross-chain, there's less lateral wear on the chains from chain/cog abrasion. Less wear, less gunk. Since most chaincases/chainguards aren't derailleur compatible, you'd want to look into the next solution as an alternative. This doesn't solve the problem of salt+water+sand getting in other places (bottom bracket; headset) but the chain is the one part that customers will really notice poor maintenance on. Then you'd close the loop by pushing in the master pin. Here are a couple of images of chain tools putting in pins: Solutions: 1) Fully-encased chain guard will reduce the environmental source of gunk but you'd still get thick/black grease from the wear and tear on the chain itself. Furthermore, chain guards make maintenance and cleaning more difficult. On the positive side, you don't worry about what you can't see. 4) Internal-gear-hub has the advantage of single-speeds with the advantage of changing gears. If you want to remain with chain technology, a single speed or IGH with fully enclosed chain is the winner. The only difference appears to be the pin length, but it's unclear if you had a non-SRAM/KMC chain, what you'd measure to make sure you got the right chain. 6) Much rarer in the United States are shaft drive bicycles. Because these use a fully-enclosed drive mechanism (which still needs lubricating, by the way), there's no chain gunk. The problem with chain wear due to sand is that the chains themselves can look good (i.e., not rusty on the outside), but will in fact be considerably worn internally. This can lead to considerable chainring and sprocket wear before you catch it. As other commentators note, one option if you want to keep your current bikes is to buy a chain tool and chain in bulk, and replace the chains on a regular basis. tl;dr: In reality, people are in either: Camp A) ignore the chain gunk and rarely clean their chains; or Camp B) get obsessive about cleaning their chains and get all sorts of accoutrements to do so. Since you seem to not enjoy cleaning your chain, I'd just stick with Camp A, ignore the chain, and just replace your chain and cogs when time comes. Getting a chain guard means you won't have to look at your chain and won't worry.