Almost all references to it is from 2010 and later, which probably is because "cool" teenagers seldom go to watch Shakespeare in a theatre. So this handshake didn't become a "thing" until it popped up in TV and Movies. It seems it is the TV-series "Spartacus" we have to blame/thank for this. 

Ref: Stefi Weisburd, "A forest grows in Antarctica". Science News. 

Just some random things discovered with geophys: 

It is possible that it would have been reached by sailors in prehistory, but making a viable settlement in Antarctica is highly unlikely because of the forbidding climate. 

Since the earliest member of the Genus Homo is younger than that (c:a 2.3Ma) Humans can not have been living there at that point. So earlier hotter periods are not a possibility for human settlements. 

However, there are no Roman era depictions of this handshake that I can find, and there are plenty of depictions of ordinary handshakes from the Roman era, so we have to conclude that it's attribution as a roman handshake is a later invention. That probably goes for the handshake itself as well, although that's less certain. 

The earliest I could find as a state-wide political movement was 14th Century France (late Middle Ages). King Louis X in 1315 declared that "France signifies freedom", and ordered all slaves and serfs setting foot on French soil to be freed. It seems to be assumed that this was in a large part a financial move (the serfs were supposed to pay the crown for their freedom), but the principle was applied to foreign slaves imported into France thereafter, to no financial benefit to the crown. 

* - As an example, Turkic languages are agglutinative, Indo-European languages are not. It would be next to impossible to misclassify one as the other. 

Throughout its history the city lived mostly off of trade (or its empire), and quite well at that during certain points. However, it appears the location wasn't really that useful to an ancient society without that trade flowing into or through it. There is a strip on the coast of North(west) Africa suitable for growing Mediterranean Climate crops, but it doesn't extend very far south of Carthage. So without that existing trade route to service, there wouldn't have been much reason for a civilization to develop there on its own, and the Phoenicians essentially founded those trade routes. 

We can tell this happened today due to the fact that an author's vocabulary is like a fingerprint, and sections that have different "fingerprints" were clearly from different authors. You can even date vocabularies and themes to a certain extent. This is how we know that somewhere between 4 and 6 of Paul's Epistles were not written by Paul, and Arthashastra had at least 2 different authors (and likely many more). 

The Babylonian Exile of course was a time a great stress, when a tale about how they persevered as a coherent people through slavery and exile would have been very helpful, and Egyptians a very convenient bad guy that their Babylonian masters would not have complained about. 

Sometimes I'd even see a note arguing that a passage said the exact opposite of what it clearly seemed to be saying. The zen-ish bits about the best general being one who doesn't have to fight seemed to particularly cause the historical generals fits (some of them really liked fighting I guess). The conclusion I came away with was that the notes were actually way more enlightening about the minds of those other generals than they were about Sun Tzu. 

We can be fairly certain that humans did not live on Antarctica, the continent, before the 20th century. 

Ref: Trewby, Mary, ed. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia from Abbott Ice Shelf to Zooplankton. Firefly Books. ISBN 1-55297-590-8. 

Also, the cultures that colonized Greenland had a much less extreme climate to deal with than the antarctic climate, and perhaps more importantly, they could develop the technology for that gradually, while moving further north. A culture that settled Antarctica would have to go from at worst a climate where winters average around freezing, to a climate where winters average -10C to -30C. This a gradual development of tools to survive in that climate would not have been possible, which means settlements would not have been possible. 

Since the earliest member of the Genus Homo is younger than that (c:a 2.3Ma) Humans can not have been living there at that point. So earlier hotter periods are not a possibility for human settlements.