I'm assuming that the article you referred to is the first hit on Google under "Corbyn" and "run on the pound": Jeremy Corbyn: It's right to plan for run on pound 

Obviously, "ordinary people" is campaign rhethoric with no formal definition, but a rational approximation shows that what could be considered "ordinary" non-elite people did back UKIP's main point, exiting EU. 

No, it's an accurate model of reality, not a conspiracy theory. 

If so, who would get the majority? L+X or C+X? 

Specifically to address your "conspiracy theory" thing: Conspiracy theory is defined on Wikipedia thusly: 

So, even if you can blame Trump for that event on the general principle of "The Buck Stops Here", you can't possibly ask "why does Trump do it" as it was done in contradiction of Trump (or likely irrespective of him). 

The latter has nothing to do with US/UK relations and is directed at specific politician in exact way Trump attacked US politicians before. 

M45 SLBM (progressively retired); M51 SLBM (three variants : M51.1 from 2010; M51.2 from 2015; M51.3 projected from 2025 onwards); 

In UK, the leadership of both Labour and Conservatives, are more cosmopolitan and urban (see the political theory about cosmopolitanism/traditionalism later in the answer). 

I won't quote the entire thing (too long, and much of it relevant) but just the intro: 

Here's one expert opinion from "The Daily Signal": 

If you're genuinely interested (as opposed to just looking for an excuse to insult someone you disagree with politically), this article in RealClearPolitics explores the general idea, although on US side. 

Inactive: S2 IRBM; S3 IRBM; M4 SLBM 

It's not simple to answer, since "National Socialism" can encompass quite a bit of ground and definitions if varying strictness/broadness. But trying to restrict to most common denominator : 

I can also offer an anecdote related to all this. When I applied for my PhD in the Netherlands, someone from Turkey applied around the same time. At the end of the day, he was recruited before me but he started several months later than me because of all the time needed to get certified copies and translations of all the required documents and for the visa application to make its way through various government offices. 

Large companies, by contrast, have more flexibility. When comes the time to reorganise some department or to create a new one, a German or US company might decide to put its European operations in Ireland or the Netherlands instead of the UK. Even “British” companies (in terms of ownership or headquarters) might consider it. Like I said at the beginning, it's all quite speculative, but this risk to see the UK become a little bit less attractive for your employer and its competitors is what could have the most impact on you in my opinion. 

“Justice and Home Affairs” is an old name for what used to be called the third pillar of the EU, under which the Schengen regulations fall (hence the parenthesis). Schengen or open borders are not mentioned anywhere in the EFTA Convention, the Short Overview or Annexes either. 

(Extending my comment to a proper answer) Police custody is, in and of itself, a severe restriction on your freedom. It effectively prevents you from exercising many of your rights, including moving freely, worshipping, talking to whomever you like, etc. That's why, in many countries, it should in principle only happen when it cannot be avoided and only to the extent necessary to attain a limited number of goals explicitly named in statutes (like solving a crime that just happened). That's also why there are procedural rules to follow for the police. 

First note that being an EFTA member does not bring much in itself nowadays (only marginally easier trade with a handful of small countries). It used to be roughly equivalent in size to the EU (EC at the time) and thus position itself as an alternative at a times where external tariffs were much higher but nowadays trade with the EU is very open and the EFTA only includes Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Iceland and Norway… EFTA membership does not give a country access to the EU single/common/internal market. 

But then why make an exception for the Hoek-van-Holland-Harwich line while tightening controls everywhere else? I am speculating a bit here but I suspect it's simply that it hasn't yet been discovered by refugees (at least not in a big way) and/or the British tabloid press so everybody is happy with letting it continue as it always was. There are a few other loopholes (e.g. you could take a ferry to Ireland - with regular border controls on arrival – and from there ultimately cross the border to Northern Ireland) but as long as you don't have thousands of peoples at the gate as in Calais, it's not an issue. 

In this context, it's the fact that some countries (most famously France) did not allow succession through female lines under any circumstances that needs to be explained. And in the case of France, it can in fact readily be explained. Starting in the 14th Century, French lawyers revived and hardened the so-called “salic law” to fight English claims to the kingdom of France.