Remember, the word affection has to do with affect, or emotion. To be affected by someone is to have one's emotions stirred in some way, be it in a positive or negative way. Besides its use as a verb, the word affect can also be used as a noun: There are some indications in Scripture they do. 

We also need to pray for one another (and by the way, the "one anothers" of the New Testament are good to look up, and not only when researching communal prayer) in non-crisis mode, as when a brother or sister in Christ has an important decision to make, when they have committed a sin, when they are ill, when they are out of work, or when relatives are unsaved (see, for example, James 5:14, 16). The list goes on and on. Just as we are individually to 

In conclusion, when God's word is clear about a given action's rightness or wrongness, and the powers that be agree with God's word, Christians have an obligation before God both to obey and not to disobey. In the few cases in which to obey the government would be to disobey God, we should listen to our enlightened consciences, which are to be informed by God's word, and we should also seek advice from and follow the example of the Christian leaders among us, whether godly elders, deacons, pastors, ministers, priests, mentors, and so on. Remember, during the events recorded in the book of Acts, God had not yet given the various truths and teachings about the Holy Spirit in all their fullness to the writers of the New Testament canon of Scripture. We might think of the book of Acts as a transitional book, linking Jesus' promise of the coming Holy Spirit (again, John 14) prior to His ascension into heaven, to the authoritative doctrinal teaching on both the Holy Spirit's indwelling of all new believers and His gifting of all believers with one or more spiritual gifts (see 1 Corinthians 12; Romans 12; Ephesians 4; and 1 Peter 4). First John 4:4, quoted already in an answer, is a good starting place, but the verse needs to be unpacked a bit! We Christians are witnesses, to be sure. We are also ambassadors for Christ (see 2 Corinthians 5:20). When we think of witnesses today, we automatically think of witnesses in a court of law. Witnesses are to "tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help them God." Outside the context of a court of law, however, there is another way of witnessing to the truth, and that is by living a life which is worthy of Christ, being light and salt in a corrupt and dark world, shining forth as lights (see Philippians 2:15). 

In the Judeo-Christian tradition, the biblical basis for dietary restrictions (and let's not forget dietary permissions, too!) is spiritual in nature. Just as in the moral and ethical realms there are restrictions such as those outlined in the Ten Commandments, so also in the practical and day-to-day living out of one’s faith—whether Jew or Gentile, there are both biblical restrictions and biblical permissions. 

Having done these things, believers are then simply to "stand firm" (v.14), which means they are not in attack mode; rather, they are dependent on God and his armor to defend them.