If you do use them, be aware that they will give your writing a professorial tone. I also wouldn't personally use them in the examples you gave in the comments (you might want to edit those into your question), so I would say that your friend has given you good advice. 

(I had a previous question, closed as too opinion-based, about being a better editor than writer. I wasn't able to rescue that one, but I thought I'd take a try at a related question.) 

I would use caution, and be sparing. Keep in mind that slurs register very differently to the people they are directed against than to everyone else, so it can be hard to judge a slur if you aren't a member of the group being slurred. What reads to you, the author, as authenticity, might strike the informed reader as a transparent reflection of your own prejudices, especially if you aren't in a position to accurately judge your own authenticity. For instance, you say tranny hooker is "accurate to ghetto talk." But is it really? To me it sounds, if anything, old-fashioned and hopelessly outdated, even as a slur. But I'm not really in a position to judge, and, I suspect, neither are you. 

Something doesn't always need to be graphically described to be powerful, and sometimes less can be more. There's a scene, in the original novel version of the Godfather, relevant to today's headlines, where the mafia's lawyer goes to see a top Hollywood producer. While he is at the producer's office, he sees a stage mother and her young daughter go in to see him. When they emerge, the little girl's makeup is smudged, and she looks dazed and unsteady, while on the mother's face there is a savage look of triumph. 

With that said, it's your character, and if the concept is strong enough to attract the attention of one publisher, maybe you can find another one who is a better fit. You're the only one who can tell if this does irreparable damage to your artistic vision or not. 

Typically, books that appeal to a broad popular audience do so because their authors are naturally at home (or have found a way to make themselves at home) with a broadly popular idiom or genre, not because they have deliberately tried to "dumb down" their work. In other words, they are attuned to the broader audience, not chasing it (and certainly not condescending to it). 

If you really want the culture to feel fully realized, however, you might think about the entire range of differences that surround the different beauty standard. I would imagine a culture that celebrates thinness as being more ascetic and goal focused, and one that celebrates a heavier body type as being more sensual and pleasure focused. Compare these two real life quotes from different sub-cultures. "I hate her, she's so skinny!" (one woman envious of another in a thin-oriented culture). "Man, she thick as hell!" (a man boasting to a friend about the attractive heft of a woman in a buxom-oriented culture). 

The reader's own defense mechanisms may cause them to disengage from, or even just skip over anything too horrible or disturbing. But you can work with that instead of against it. Show the character's mental blocks about the incident, their reluctance to revisit it, the emotional damage they feel from it. Then, if you actually do describe it, do so plainly and simply and directly. A good example is Murakami's Wind Up Bird Chronicles which is arguably all about an assault, but where the assault itself is barely even mentioned --everything is about the psychological fallout. 

I am an excellent editor, well able to work with someone to bring out the best in another author's writing, and I'm also very good with overall plot and structure. However, when it comes to writing fiction, I'm weak. I'm very impatient with the process, and my writing tends to be thin, rushed and elliptical. 

The most natural way to do this is just to have characters from the culture, in the story, comment on the traits of someone they find beautiful. People often do this in real life, so it shouldn't be too hard to do this subtly. 

If you omit it entirely, and just throw the reader into the middle of the action, your story is likely to feel more episodic --it will be more difficult to bring it back around to a place that feels like an appropriate final stopping point. 

As far as gaining the trust of the reader, I think you'll just need to rely on suspension of disbelief --you want your reader to accept the reality of what you present even while knowing it to be a fiction. I remember reading William Goldman's Princess Bride, which is presented as an abridgement of a longer original text. Although his meta-fictional elements are in no way realistic, I nonetheless was drawn enough into his world, that I lost track of the fact that the "original text" didn't actually exist, and began to be annoyed at the author's choices in his "abridgment." (I have an essay on the topic here). 

If I were writing about someone in a historical/fantastic setting, and I wanted to indicate he was wearing a t-shirt, I'd call it a "tunic." It's a relatively well-understood word that sounds old-fashioned. 

As someone who both reads and writes philosophically, I've experienced this from both sides. I've seen my own theories paraphrased without attribution, out in the world. When I've followed up, however, people have generally been very gracious about correcting this. I also have plenty of theories bouncing around in my brain that I know aren't original, and some of them are easier to track down than others. The above Delany/Dickinson quote, for instance, is a strong concept, but I was only able to re-locate it because of how distinctively it was expressed.