In many ways Einstein's reception of empiricist and Kantian ideas (mainly through Mach and Poincaré) shaped subsequent theory building in physics, and as a result philosophizing about science in positivism and in post-positivism. Relativity as "the last classical theory" is a modern anachronism with a benefit of hindsight and relative privation to later issues in quantum mechanics. Lorentz, Poincaré, etc., saw it differently at the time. ...analytical philosophy passed, comparatively recently, through a destructive phase; a few, indeed, have not yet emerged from it. During that phase, it appeared as though demolition was the principal legitimate task of philosophy. Now most of us believe once more that philosophy has a constructive task... In recent years, a number of analytical philosophers, prominent among them the late Gareth Evans, have rejected the assumption of the priority of language over thought and have attempted to explain thought independently of its expression and then to found an account of language upon such a prior philosophical theory of thought". Pasnau gives some history in Form and Matter: First, let me make some general remarks not limited to Michel Foucault specifically. There is a balancing act in philosophy. On the one hand, it is not mathematics or hard science with clear standards of evidence and methodology, and there is vast ambiguity in most philosophically non-trivial notions and issues. To a lesser extent than poets, but philosophers are generally granted "poetic license". It covers high tolerance for the "sampling bias", to guess at patterns that are currently beyond reliable detection, speculation beyond what evidence might conceivably support, and subjectivity of approach. Philosophy could not play its well-known historical role as an incubator of sciences and generator of scientific hypotheses without such frivolities, and that is just one of its many roles. One person's bias is another person's interpretation. Just think about ancient atomists who certainly had to interpret and speculate a lot to motivate their theories, which nonetheless proved to be fruitful later. 

At the end of the day, I feel as though Hegel's work was too inaccessible to the average German for its use as propaganda. Propaganda lies at the center of Nazi ideology and I believe they would have been drawn more towards philosophers who would help them achieve that goal. Nietzsche's proclivity towards succinct aphorisms as well as his sister's motivation to promote German nationalism is what caused the Nazis to appropriate his work on a large scale. Hegel's work is absent of both of these factors. The other reason, I believe, lies in their different writing styles. Nietzsche loved aphorisms and his most famous quotes are widely known, even by people who have no familiarity with his work. On the other hand, Hegel wrote incredibly dense treaties that used a lot of philosophical terminology and grandiose sentences. While Nietzsche filled his books with sentences such as: However, there is an alternative. It should be pointed out that Socrates specifically refers to Apollo (Apollo is the specific God whom the oracle of Delphi communicated with) on multiple occasions. 

ὅμως τοῦτο μὲν ἴτω ὅπῃ τῷ θεῷ φίλον, τῷ δὲ νόμῳ πειστέον καὶ ἀπολογητέον. 19α (θεῷ - singular dative) 

συγχωρεῖς ἄρα, ἔφην, τοῦτον δεύτερον τύπον εἶναι ἐν ᾧ δεῖ περὶ θεῶν καὶ λέγειν καὶ ποιεῖν, ὡς μήτε αὐτοὺς γόητας ὄντας τῷ μεταβάλλειν ἑαυτοὺς μήτε ἡμᾶς ψεύδεσι παράγειν ἐν λόγῳ ἢ ἐν ἔργῳ; 383α (θεῶν - plural genitive) 

Whether Plato's character of Socrates or Plato himself believed in a God or many Gods is not perfectly clear. Additionally, we can't ascribe any sort of belief to the historical Socrates; we just don't know enough about his life that doesn't come from Plato or Xenophon. For the rest of this answer I'll say "Socrates" instead of "Plato's character of Socrates" for the sake of brevity. Finally, for further textual references, the dialogs in which Socrates discusses what the Gods are like in respect to this conversation are Euthyphro, Republic book II, Phaedrus, and of course the Apologia. It is certainly true that Hegel's philosophy could be used to support Nazi ideology (however dishonest of a reading you need to have). It is a matter of historical fact, however, that it wasn't. Or, at the very least, that it wasn't on as large of a scale as Nietzsche. Nietzsche's sister became his editor after his mental collapse and she edited a lot of his manuscripts to fit her own, as well as her German nationalist husband's, ideology. As Mauro and Joseph point out in the comments to your question, her editorial influence on his writings is integral to the Nazi's appropriate of his work. The timing for his work to be incorporated into the growing German nationalist movement coincided perfectly with his sister's ability to promote his work for her own ideology. Sure, a dishonest reading of Hegel might fit Nazi ideology just as well, but Hegel didn't have an editor publishing collections of his manuscripts whom also wanted to strengthen the German nationalist movement at that time. So now on to the question of whether Socrates believed in one God or many Gods. The generally accepted answer is that Socrates believed in an ambiguous monotheistic God. This view is similar to (and I hope I do not offend anyone by giving a simplistic view of) the Brahman in Hinduism. Socrates speaks amply of paying tributes to the Gods and that the Gods are virtuous, and yet he also speaks of God being the eternal source of everything that is good. Similarly to how Hindu Gods and Goddesses are aspects of the same singular deity, the Brahman, Socrates believes that the Gods and Goddesses are aspects of the same monotheistic deity. In the original text Plato uses both singular and plural forms of "Theos" much like ancient Hindu texts use the singular and plural form of "Deva" (Sanskrit word for God). Socrates believed that his inner daimonion was his, and all of our, means of communication with this deity. On a monotheistic view it is very similar to how Christian theology considers the Holy Spirit in relation to the Godhead.