The same logic of scientific method that emphasizes empirical testing at early stages of a science discounts it at more advanced stages, when theoretical unification of already available data becomes more important. Since unifying theories maintain contact with reality through already tested lower level theories their independent testing may no longer be a priority, shouldn't they be judged on fulfilling their theoretical goals instead. 

But much of Big Bang cosmology is based on extrapolating what we observe to the entire universe, in other words it is based not on the Copernican principle, but on its non-sequitur. The whole reasoning is uncomfortably reminiscent of Kant's antinomy of space and time, where one gets a contradiction by applying forms of experience to categories that go beyond any possible experience, such as 'universe as a whole'. Similar reasoning is also used when talking about the "wave function of the universe". 

Quine does not subscribe to scientism, i.e. the epistemological primacy of the scientific method, but he is often taken to because his repudiation of scientism is non-traditional. Quine does consign epistemology to a "chapter of psychology", which would be scientism if he also preserved the traditional understanding of epistemology, as scientism does. But naturalizing epistemology means that he does not. For Quine there is no ultimate grounding of knowledge, even in a predefined organon such as the scientific method. All parts of our knowledge are subject to testing and revision in view of contrary evidence, including methodological parts such as naturalized epistemology itself. There are no assumptions, the preference for scientific method is not a metaphysical claim, it is a provisional surmise of the current state of affairs. 

In many ways Einstein's reception of empiricist and Kantian ideas (mainly through Mach and Poincaré) shaped subsequent theory building in physics, and as a result philosophizing about science in positivism and in post-positivism. Relativity as "the last classical theory" is a modern anachronism with a benefit of hindsight and relative privation to later issues in quantum mechanics. Lorentz, Poincaré, etc., saw it differently at the time. 

According to the naturalized epistemology there is no a priori "first philosophy" of science, methodology is subject to the "tribunal of experience" and revision, just as the science itself. Should it apply to non-empirical experience? Sense empiricism has served science well for centuries, and was fully embraced by Quine. Zammito takes him to task for it:"Cognitive science is an empirical science working to unearth the mechanisms through which natural language constitutes itself. That account has had to recognize the indispensability of mental states, of beliefs, if it is ever to become adequate to the problem... There is still too much "first philosophy" in Quine. We must rescue naturalized epistemology from its own founder". Note the use of "empirical" together with "mental states". 

This caused his much greater departures from the correspondence truth since for Peirce "objective knowledge", being an abstraction, is not of a kind with reality itself, a living acting entity interacted with by a living acting subject. This is the core of Peirce's pragmatism, which is absent in Popper and is somewhat subdued in Quine. Peirce builds an additional epistemological superstructure of habits of action and concepts as conditional forks in them, a pragmatist semantics, and an elaborate theory of signs, his semiotic, to connect abstractions to reality through action and reaction and account for what is now called the problem of intentionality. This is absent in positivists, but then they were not realists, but it is also absent in Popper, whose attempt to cash in "convergence to truth" via formal measures was not very successful. In fairness, many find Peirce's justification of mind independence and convergence to the truth to also be a stretch, but at least he paints a more plausible picture of cognitive processes and epistemic growth. 

EDIT: Isn't there common ground even on methodology? Creative side of science, that is creation of new conjectures, models and theories by a scientist, is still very poorly understood. It is commonly referred to as "more art than science". Proofs in mathematics rarely reveal how they are arrived at, and Einstein did not deduce relativity from experiments alone. In mathematics there was some work on heuristics by Polya elaborated on philosophically by Lakatos, but there isn't much of that. Continental philosophy, on the other hand, naturally focuses on creation and discovery, but after Husserl there was little willingness to cross over, or even to make yourself understandable to the other side (Derrida for example). Why? Similarly, there are analytic and empirical aspects to the work of an artist, and especially a writer, that are more science than art. The intellectual processes at work seem to have the same underlying structure, but with different emphases on different aspects. Isn't that a natural subject for philosophy?