As a consequence, Kant does not normally speak of intuitive knowledge. Intuitiveness is for him in the first place an attribute of representations (Vorstellungen), not of items or kinds of knowledge. For him, intuitions in the minimal sense of the word are nothing but singular representations in contradistinction to general concepts. Intuition was not a source of truths or insights, but merely the medium of representing particulars, and intuitive knowledge was for him, not knowledge proclaimed to me by a special oracle called intuition, but simply knowledge obtained by means of such representations, especially by the method of exhibiting general concepts by means of their particular representatives... There was for Kant no definitory link between intuition and sense-perception or imagination. Purely symbolic algebraic symbols could be "intuitive" merely because they represent particular numbers." 

It is not hard to give a Kantian argument for homogeneity as a condition of the possibility of a unified knowledge of nature, but one should not overestimate the absoluteness of such principles as Kant did. While they may be a priori relative to empirical laws, they too are ultimately empirical and revisable under the weight of evidence accumulated over long time. Friedman worked out a theory of such evolving relativized a priori in Dynamics of Reason based on the ideas of Marburg neo-Kantians, logical positivists Reichenbach and Carnap, and Kuhn. 

Husserl considers the notion of Kant's "thing in itself", and of unperceivable things generally, to be "countersensical" or "materially nonsensical" (Widersinn, as opposed to Unsinn, logically nonsensical). While logically coherent it involves a vain attempt to imagine perceiving what is at the same time is asserted to be in principle unable to ever enter the imagined situation. Here is from Ideas I: 

See Brown's Philosophy of Mathematics for more details. 

Kant did not address poverty, etc., specifically, but given his justification of copyright in terms of public use of reason one can imagine a Kantian defense of the practice when it is a precondition for including individuals into this use. One could perhaps even invoke Kant's "formula of humanity", a second formulation of the categorical imperative: 

Like all of Kant's "transcendental arguments" this one is not a deductive argument, but an analysis of an apparent problem followed by a clever suggestion on how to solve it. But no matter how clever the resolution, there is no way to establish that it is the only one possible (something Fichte will vehemently deny later for his transcendental arguments, explaining the alternatives arrived at by others by their lack of "philosophical genius"). Here is Kitcher's summary of why the argument falls short of Kant's goals: 

If we do have such a faculty how does it work? 

In his mind Kant reasoned from characteristics of knowledge (of the kind available to us) to functional elements that must be in place to make it possible, these are his signature "transcendental arguments". These elements included sensibility, productive and reproductive imagination, understanding, reason, the cryptic "transcendental unity of apperception", and of course the a priori forms of intuition. Characterizations like "highly momentary un-reflected state of passive receptivity", or anything else like that, would sound insufferably psychologistic to Kant. "Spontaneity" is not anything psychologistic either, it refers to the fact that concepts are not read off from empirical input, or seen through intellectual mindsight, as most philosophers thought before him, but rather are produced by the subject herself, as part of those functions necessary for having knowledge. Kant does mention in Critique of Pure Reason (A78/B103) that productive imagination is a "blind but indispensable function of the soul, without which we should have no knowledge whatsoever, but of which we are scarcely ever conscious" (A78/B103), but he is far from concerning himself with whether it is controlled, transitory, etc. 

The elimination of sensibility as independent faculty by Cassirer (in response to relativity and other developments in physics) ultimately led to impossibility of maintaining the observation/theory distinction. And along with taking relativization of a priori to the extreme (of discarding them) it paved the way for Quine's holism. Kuhn's culturalization and historicization of philosophy of science somewhat paralleled Hegel's revision of Kant's philosophy with inspiration delivered through Marx. More specifically, through Soviet Marxist Hessen, the Hessen thesis injected social context into Western historiography of science in 1930s. Interestingly enough, Carnap saw affinities between his linguistic frameworks and Kuhn's paradigms, and even published Scientific Revolutions in his book series. It took Kuhn some time but he saw the reciprocal light as well. Moreover, both Quine and Kuhn walked back the more radical formulations of holism and cultural relativism, and Friedman, a contemporary neo-Kantian, showed how their more moderate versions can be accomodated in a scheme of historically evolving paradigms structured by relativized a priori in Dynamics of Reason.