According to Donald Featherstone's "The Bowmen of England" the longbow probably did arrive in England from Wales. 

So it's a modified FV432 as you guessed. Apparently, some of them had a scorpion tank turret fitted (with dummy gun) as part of OPFOR exercises, presumably to look a bit like a Russian BMP. Others, as the quote suggests, used a turret taken from the Fox armoured cars (which had a 30mm Rarden cannon) and were deployed in Berlin in the 1960s. The PRP256D registration on the vehicle was issued in 1966, so could be original. 

Therefore, if you wanted to have a full crew per gun, you'd almost double the crew. Not only would you have to find accommodation for those extra men, and carry extra supplies of food and water, you'd also have to find jobs for them to do for the long periods when they weren't in battle or drilling on the guns. The benefit of the extra men would only be felt in a battle when both sides of the ship were engaged. 

Although a "total moblization" was carried out in the spring of 1943, after Stalingrad, it became necessary by the end of the year to lower the physical classification standards drastically and register men up to 60 years of age for military service. Even men with severe stomach ailments were drafted into special-diet battalions. During the summer of 1944, civilian occupations were reduced to an absolutely necessary minimum. Finally, the remaining male civilians from 16 to 60 were made liable for home defense combat service in the "Volkssturm" and even Hitler Youth boys and girls were called up as auxiliaries. 

ref: Shipboard Life and Organisation 1731-1815, NRS vol 178 (1998), ed. B. Lavery. pg 276-287 

ref: Shipboard Life and Organisation 1731-1815, NRS vol 178 (1998), ed. B. Lavery. pg 274 

According to this video from The Fifth Gear TV programme, this vehicle is actually two FV432s welded together (Listen at the two minute mark). The 30mm cannon has been removed leaving just the shortened barrel housing. 

For British ships of war, the usual practise was to have a single gun crew allocated to the guns on both sides of the ship. If the ship was fighting on a single side then the whole gun crew worked the gun on that side. For the great guns this was between 10-14 men depending on the size of the cannon. 

By 1944 Germany was on the defensive and needed every man that was available. General conscription had been introduced in 1935, at which time it was a fairly accomodating system that allowed people some flexibility in when they did their service, but towards the end of the war this became "all hands on deck". 

[1]King Henry III's Assize of Arms, 1251. 

In the 1991 Gulf War, while the coalition forces had the Abrams and Challenger MBTs (which were best-of-breed at the time), the Iraqi army was largely equiped with previous generation Chinese type-69 and Soviet T-55 and T-62 tanks. These export-market tanks also lacked the more sophisticated night-fighting and range-finding equipment found on the Soviet Army machines. The small numbers of newer T-72 tanks, which were in the possession of the Republican Guard, were also export models that lacked the explosive reactive armor of the Soviet models. Had they possessed this, they might have faired better. 

As a consequence, the Iraqis had to get lucky to get a kill, whereas the coalition tanks could destroy an opponent with almost any clean hit. Add to that the ability of the better trained coalitions crews to fire faster (and on the move) and the low morale of the Iraqi crews (who often abandoned their vehicles prior to being engaged) and the results don't seem so strange. 

According to the page you linked to, it was made by the company that hire it out. 

What advantage was there to the longbow? 

As casualties were expected in battle, the best trained gun crews rotated their positions so that each man, if not expert, was capable of performing in any position in the crew. That way the loss of any single man would not cripple the gun. 

It was also Edward's skill as a soldier, with his understanding of the science of war, that allowed him to see how the longbow could be a vital weapon on the battlefield by combining his bowmen with dismounted knights and men-at-arms.