The EU commission makes proposals for new EU legislations (EU regulations, directives and decisions). But any of these need to be accepted by the parliament, so their votes are definitely binding and meaningful. In many cases the council of ministers also needs to accept legislative proposals. 

Part of Belgium is french-speaking, but the French do not consider Belgium part of their culture. 

The EU legislative process has a direct-democratic tool called the European Citizens' Initiative. The tool is described in Article 11, Paragraph 4 of the Treaty on European Union and Article 24, paragraph 1 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. 

However, assuming it is possible, there is a plethora of practical problems to solve. For example, the country might be unable to ratify certain EU directives because it lacks the autonomy to do so. When Schengen applies, you would have a Schengen outer border right through a sovereign country. When the Euro agreement applies, you would have parts of countries which use different currencies. 

The Article 2 of the Treaty on European Union (consolidated version) says: 

For the purposes of paragraphs 2 and 3, the member of the European Council or of the Council representing the withdrawing Member State shall not participate in the discussions of the European Council or Council or in decisions concerning it. 

There is even a small chance that this situation might escalate into a full-blown civil war in Poland, which would - needless to say - be quite a catastrophe for the European Union. And this time there is no excuse for not taking refugees: EU citizens have complete freedom of movement in the EU. 

The European Parliament (the parties elected by EU citizens directly) nominates candidates. While not strictly codified in European law, it is common practice that each party group of the parliament nominates one person (this process is just described with the sentence "Taking into account the elections to the European Parliament and after having held the appropriate consultations" in 17.7. The practice of party group appointment grew historically). The European Council (heads of governments of EU states) picks among those proposed by the parliament. They have to agree on a candidate with qualified majority. They can theoretically also pick someone not proposed by the Parliament, but that's likely to fail, because... The candidate must be approved by majority of the European parliament. When the parliament vetoes a candidate, the Council has to agree on someone else within a month. After the President of the Commission is elected, each government (except the one where the President is from) appoints one commissioner. How they make that decision is up to each government. However, they would be well-advised to pick someone the President can work with, because the President can fire request the resignation of commissioners at will. 

Both Liechtenstein and Luxembourg are small city-states, with Luxembourg being considerably larger, but still tiny compared to other EU states. It might also be a reference to "Luxembourg" sounding a bit like a kind of cheese. 

The EU does not "stop members from electing democratically representative candidates". EU members are free to vote for whoever they want. But when they vote for people who do not respect the basic values of the European Union, then there might be consequences in form of losing privileges.