Already in his notes for Anti-Oedipus, Guattari senses that Peirce's diagram is somehow special, that it unleashes "deterritorialized polyvocity," that it must be understood as distinct from the image because the diagram is a site of production (AOP 72, 214, 243-255/97, 308, 346-349). He continues reflecting on the powerful, productive diagram in Revolution moleculaire [Molecular Revolution] and L'inconscient Machinique [The Machinic Unconscious], concluding that diagrams "are no longer, strictly speaking, semiotic entities." Their "purpose is not to denote or to image the morphemes of an already-constituted referent, but to produce them" (IM 223, 224). In other words, diagrams do not represent thought; rather, they generate thought. Diagrams abound in experimental science, he says, because it is "a sphere where signs have a direct effect on things," involving "both material technology and a complex manipulation of sign machines" (MR 166/RM 303). The diagrammatic consists precisely in this conjunction between deterritorialized signs and deterritorialized objects. Now, if we are granting that we are in someone's ancestor simulation, it is certainly possible that we may run into certain limits "hardcoded" by various parameters of the simulation -- an example might be that there could be clauses in the simulation programming designed to identify civilizations that begin to develop the ability to simulate, and take some in-simulation action based on those events (which could include just about anything up to and including triggering the termination of the simulation, etc.) The question does seem to assume an anthropomorphic God, at least in some respects. Yet after all, who is to say our desires are analogous to whatever moves/motivates God himself? And why should we suppose we would have any chance of understanding the mind of God in this or any respect? For the 30 years after Passmore's report metaphysics became ever more visible in philosophy. It was a diverse development, but in the self-conceptions of many of its most prominent practitioners there was no attempt to shun science or logic or to think that metaphysics had access to facts that were deeper than or beyond those that a proper science could reach. So the metaphysics that blossomed was not necessarily of the sort that Carnap and others combated. Most recently there are some in meta-ontology that want to reconsider and reconnect with Carnap's ontological caution. Their are some who even hold to a completely overlapping magisteria (Coma) like Richard Dawkins for example. He believes erroneously (to me at least) that the God hypothesis is a scientific hypothesis (As he explains in his books) and you should use the scientific method to ascertain it's validity. If a claim is not backed up by some sort of evidence how would people ever convince others that what they say is true? What constitute evidence may differ from one discipline to the other. If I may illustrate my point with a example. A chemist may consider the observation of a chemical reaction as pretty trustworthy source of knowledge in his field and then base his conclusions on this I would posit that a person personal convictions rarely has a influence on whether a proposition is true or not. It is entirely possible that for any given proposition that can be true their could be many people who for instance have the view it is... It to me is incredible how atheism can deny just about anything in defense of its claims. It does look like it is given more leeway than any other worldview. If this is true then they and Thomas Aquinas did and are doing the same thing. As witty as such a quote surely is does he really think people who believe in God do so without any explanation or evidence as to why it is so? He may think the evidence unconvincing but that does not make it disappear for those who have beliefs contrary to his own. Hence, the only time which is not illusory, and which he regards as real, is the heterogeneous time, or succession, which accompanies the development of our conscious states. Such development is purely qualitative, and its parts can only be qualitatively, never quantitatively, distinguished, so that they are absolutely heterogeneous; for it is clear that all our psychic acts are unextended — it is impossible to have a yard of thought — and so if distinct their distinction can be qualitative only. The question of the division of the sciences has a long history. Where does Aristotle's Posterior Analytics disagree with modern philosophy of science? Is his conception of "science" (certain knowledge through causes) different than the modern conception of science, which is more dialectical? The laws of physics are symbolic relations. His definition of physical law (ibid. p. 168): "A physical law is a symbolic relation whose application to concrete reality requires that a whole group of laws be known and accepted." A law of physics is, properly speaking, neither true nor false but approximate. Every law of physics is provisional and relative because it is approximate. Every physical law is provisional because it is symbolic. The laws of physics are more detailed than the laws of common sense. cf. also ch. 10 "Physical Laws" of The Physical System of St. Thomas by G.M. Cornoldi, S.J.