I learned this the hard way - parked up overnight outside a friend's flat, someone came along and took my seat + post. I was annoyed and I did not find it so easy to quickly get a replacement. If I could have just phoned around the local shops I would have located a 26.8 mm seat post that bit quicker. (As it was I paid over the odds for a smaller seatpost and shim, plus I had to ride seat-less). On my mountain bike I have the special five-sided allen-key with special undoing handle-thingy. This is great in principle and I have never had my wheels or seat stolen on that bike thanks to those bolts. However, there have been a couple of occasions when I have needed to get somewhere quickly and gone for the taxi/back of friend's car option only to find that I left the special key behind and cannot disassemble the bike. Do you know what size seat post you need for your bike? Write it down so that you can order a replacement easy enough after it has been stolen. Folding bikes are quite useful for 'theft strategy'. You can easily pull quite a lot off the bike with the quick release levers, including the seat and post. However, in reality, this does not happen because the folding bike can be put under a desk, parked in a pub, left at reception or even pushed around a supermarket in the trolley. Only a simple £5 combination lock is needed to deter casual theft during quick visits to shops. I've carried a lot of heavier things and built a few load bikes and trailers over the years. Especially with a trailer, 30kg is not a particularly heavy load. For the rider, loads under half your body weight should be easy for anyone who rides regularly. Your main issue is likely to be lateral forces on the rear wheel, and the way to reduce those is riding style. I would leave buying a better rear wheel until after you have problems with your current one. Largely because you probably won't have problems with it. Unless it's a low spoke count wheel, in which case I suggest getting a second hand steel frame MTB and never using your racing bike for lowing a trailer if you can avoid it. SJS in the USA also stock 305 rims and I found quite a lot of hits just using google so decent rims in that size seem to be fairly widely available. Also, the QR lever should always point backwards as shown. That makes it less likely to catch on anything and be pulled open (or throw you off the bike). Note that the centre of drag/centre of the wheel is forward of the pivot axis. Thus, wind force from the side will tend to turn the wheel downwind, in the same direction that the wind is pushing the bike. So the rider will tend to stay upright, unless the turn makes them crash into something. Start with the lever open, and facing back as shown in the picture Wind the nut on the other side back 2 or 3 turns. Close the lever. It should be very easy, and the wheel is not properly attached. Wind the nut in until it is tight (finger tight, do not use tools!) Open the lever. Wind the nut in half a turn. Close the lever. It should be firm, but not impossible. If it's too hard to close, back the nut off a small amount and try again. It it's too loose, tighten the nut up a small amount and try again. Unless you're unusually weak, not being able to open it means it is on too tight. Even if you are somewhat weak, unless you have disk brakes "as tight as you can" should be ok.