In the Battle of Savo Island the Japanese cruisers repeatedly hit US and Australian ships with torpedoes. There was only 1 destroyer present versus 7 cruisers, and it is likely that most if not all of the torpedo hits that sunk 3 cruisers and led to another being scuttled were from the cruisers. Certainly the US Navy credited to them. Also: The British heavy cruiser Dorsetshire is credited with torpedo hits on the German battleship Bismarck that provided the final damage that sunk the vessel. The long-term discord between the Imperial Japanese Army and Imperial Japanese Navy was one of the most notorious examples of interservice rivalry. The situation, with its origin traced back to Meiji period, came with geo-political consequences leading to Japan's involvement in World War II. The IJA/IJN rivalry expressed itself in the early 1930s as the “strike north” and “strike south” factions. The strike north faction advocated the conquest of China a scenario in which the prime role would be taken by the Army, the strike south faction advocated the taking of Indonesia a scenario in which the Navy would predominate. In order to further their own faction relatively junior officers resorted to the assassinations of members of the rival faction and their supporters in government. Initially the strike north plan was deemed the more prudent course leading first to the occupation of Manchuria and then the fullscale invasion of China, however, a number of the powerful industrial Zaibatsus were convinced that their interests would be best served fulfilling the needs of the Navy and with their the support the Pacific War was initiated. The Relief Operation By the time the German Relief operation got started, it was essentially a 2 Pz division attack. When the Soviets noticed this concentration, they diverted forces earmarked for a further offensive (Operation Saturn) to the area between Kotelnovko and Stalingrad. The offensive, now dubbed "Little Saturn" jumped off right around the time of this counterattack and destroyed the Italian 8th Army, threatening to cut off the relief forces and the forces in the Caucasus by taking Rostov. When the Germans met this reinforcement, they were stopped cold and quickly the alarming breakthrough of Little Saturn led to an abandonment of the relief. Even with additional force near Stalingrad, this still would have been the case. Another issue was that the China War was run by the Japanese Army. The war against America was run by the Japanese Navy. These two groups did not cooperate much if at all with each other during the war. So what about Torch?? Torch doomed the Afrika Korps in Cyrenacia, no matter what the result of El Alamein. That's pretty good. It also enticed the Axis to send at least 250,000 additional forces to Tunisia, all of which were eventually captured in by May. It also gave a secure launching pad for the subsequent invasions of Sicily, Italy, and South France. That's a pretty good haul for one operation. It doesn't need Stalingrad added to it. Early reinforcements to Tunisia were a German armored division (10 Panzer) and an Italian (Superga) and infantry. Hitler promised more, and the retirement of Afrika Corps to Tunisia in February would add those forces to the mix, but these aren't relevant to Stalingrad Relief. Other examples of this rivalry include, it is said, the Japanese Navy taking several weeks to inform the Army of the disastrous results of the Battle of Midway. Source: Wikipedia on "Interservice Rivalries". Virtually any history of the development of the IJN will also give some information Also, historically the moves to Tunisia happened before Stalingrad was attacked. So you can't cast it as a choice. And if you don't send those forces to Tunisia, the Afrika corps is lost by January rather than May 1943. So it seems that in theory the Axis might have sent 1 German and 1 Italian armored division to partake in the relief, if they could have carried the forces to the far steppes in time, which is questionable. Certainly these forces would have had trouble with the difference in climate between the Mediterranean and USSR. It doesn't seem like this made a lot of difference here. In his 1991 statement Shōwa Tennō dokuhakuroku (昭和天皇独白録), Emperor Shōwa (Hirohito) made a connection between the Army-Navy rivalry and the defeat of Japan.