So it is in first place an invitation to strengthen the rows of the Muslim army and also a kind of prophecy that farmers would be humiliated by landlords etc. 

Simply said the answer is because he deserves it (even if he might not need these prayers): Sending prayers and blessings to the Prophet () is a honorific act and a way to pay respect to him! So it means honoring him, as Allah honored him out of all HIS Messengers, Prophets, Angels and all HIS Creation by the known verse from surat al-Ahzab (33-56). 

(My own translation, take it with the necessary care!) - - - 

which is a (to some extent bad) translation for -in our case- the most important word in this Hadith 

And therefore the middle way -as described in the linked Fatwa- is not to wear clothes which are pure red but to wear clothes where the red color is mixed with other colors. 

So the hadith already showed that what is prohibited is the one-to-one situation of a man alone with a woman: 

And a hadith statment which has been quoted by a couple of his wives for example in al-Muwatta' (~on the authority of Umm Salamah), in jami' at-Tirmidhi (on the authority of 'Aishah), in sahih al-Bukhari, sunan ibn Majah and sahih Muslim (on the authority of Zaynab bint Jahsh) all of them asking the Prophet () the same question: 

The whole story (according to the narration quoted in tarykh at-Tabari) has heavy weaknesses, so most scholars consider it as fabricated. 

So scholars tend to say the hadith is da'if because hadith of ibn Ishaq isn't reliable if there's no similar narration of any other on the matter, which is the case here all the scholars who compiled this hadith have ibn Ishaq in the narrator chain. 

By his submission to Allah he was a Muslim as were according to the Understanding of Muslims all the Prophets before (read for example 3:19, 3:67 and 6:162-163). 

In fact at-Tirmidhi quoted in both his shamaa'il and his Jami' ahadith which clearly go ahead with the meaning of (31:19) and (25:63) which describe the pace of the Prophet () the most common statement is most on the authority of 'Ali ibn Abi Talib(): 

Here just some examples of the ahadith: 

So when the Messenger of Allah (peace be upon him) died the Quran was not compiled in a book but memorized in first place by many hufadh/hufaz (memorizers) among the sahaba (May allah be pleased with them) (see for example this hadith narrated by Hammam, Qatada and also by Anas (May Allah be pleased with them)! 

The hadith is quoted in both sahihs (al-Bukari and Muslim) 

One could say the story of the verse shows that our Messenger practiced this, as he wanted to treat his wives with some kind of kindness, when declaring that something they dislike is prohibited to him! 

Well not only the seerah books but also the hadith compilations quote two major occupations: 

'Othman (May Allah be pleased with him) ordered the collection for the 2nd time of the know Quran into a book to maintain the knowledge in written format as well. And to help those from non Arab origins, who joined Islam recently, to be able to read and learn (See for example here). The difference between the 2 version is the quality of the writing and the materials used for the book but the content was the same as they were collected by the same person (Zaid Ibn Thabet). 

And here are some other ahadith showing that his title was the most used in conversations with his wives: From sunan abi Dawod (Again a conversation with 'Aishah): 

And al-Qadi 'iyad said: this is special for the Prophet (Allahs prayers and blessings be upon him) in contrary to others, as he asked us to create a distinction between men and women, and it was his custom to do so, so that his Ummah may follow him. He further said: and the special for him () here was that she was the daughter of abu Bakr, the sister of 'Aishah and the wife of az-Zubair, so she was as one of his family or wives, plus the special about him () that he had most control of his desires (see for example sunan abi Dawod). When it comes to seat a mahram this is permissible without any opposite view in any case. 

He also pointed ta the fact that Asma' didn't hide herself or use a hijab or something similar, before commenting that this might have happened before the order for hijab!