By the way, demanding a new general election because people are unhappy with the prime minister does not make much sense, because the prime minister is not elected by the general public. The general public vote the members of the parliament and then the parliament decides who becomes prime minister (technically the monarch decides, but practically they always pick the one the parliament wants). So when the UK public wants a new prime minister, they should petition the parliament to ask the queen to appoint someone else. A reelection does not necessarily reach that goal because the new parliament could just pick the same prime minister again. Insulting, slander and defamation of a single person are forbidden by ยง185 - ยง187 of the criminal code. Also, when lobbyists have access to lots of funding, lobbying can sometimes become dangerously close to bribery. For example when companies promise hefty donations to the parties of politicians in exchange for favorable decisions. 

Yes, all of this would be very illegal. 

However, a final judgment in this matter would be up to the US Supreme Court, just like they did in many other matters where it was questionable if a company enjoys the same constitutional rights as a natural person. For example, the SCOTUS ruled that the 1st amendment applies, but the 5th amendment does not. So if HyperMegaCorp Ltd. would insist that they as a company (as opposed to their current CEO as a person) can run for sheriff of Someplace County, a court would have to decide in that matter. 

But when they tell tragic stories like those about the deaths of Michael Brown or Laquan McDonald, they humanize the victim as a stand-in for all the other victims. They give a face to the grander issue. This leaves a far greater emotional impact. It doesn't really matter for a civil rights movement which cases to single out as an emotional lever. Important is just that the cases represent the issue well. 

Note that this only applies to public authorities and judicial decision, not to the private media. Press codices usually say that media should not refer to people as guilty until convicted. But press codices are usually voluntary guidelines, not strict laws. It also doesn't mean that media can not publish comments like "[Minister] must step down until the allegations of corruption against him were proven wrong". That's within their freedom of speech rights. In fact section 19 of the directive makes clear that the freedom of media should not be restricted in order to implement this directive: 

But a good(!) politician wouldn't base their decisions on the opinion of just a single organization. Before proposing a law, yet alone cast their vote, they would also want to listen to contrary viewpoints. In this example they will certainly want to listen to what the representative of the local industry think about this. Some might provide further arguments for it (like the tourism industry), others will be vehemently against it (like any polluting industry which would then need to shut down). 

(Also, resigning from a post is, by definition, something the incumbent does willingly. The only way to force someone to resign is if you have some kind of leverage. Usually officials are asked to resign because the regular process to get rid of them would be more complicated for everyone and more humiliating for them.) 

ยง188 deals specifically with slander or defamation against a politician. The punishment is slightly harder when used to infer with their political work, but the definition isn't extended beyond that which also applies to private people. No. Although there is a petition system in the United Kingdom, where such a petition is already being made, it is not binding. 

However, the reason why lobbying has such a bad reputation, is because those lobbyists who represent businesses are usually far better funded than those who represent NGOs. While NGOs are often underfunded and rely on volunteers who work in their free-time, industry lobbyists can afford whole teams of full-time employees who do nothing all day except figuring out the best way to convince politicians to do exactly what their employers want. This often leads to a perceived over-representation of economic interests in the decision-making process of politicians.