At the moment the only feedback we can give is in a custom decline reason on the flag - which may well not get read - or a mod message to the user, which can be overkill if this is only the first or second time this happens. Both of these can be effectively ignored and the user can carry on abusing the offensive flag. While it's sometimes useful for moderators to be aware when someone hits the delete limit it's more useful to know if they've hit it for the second or third time in as many days. A more reliable metric might be that the days visited count is greater than (say) 30 or that they'd get the association bonus were they to create an account. Either way, it's an indication that the user knows what they're about. A mobile might be a good idea for those who can't access the web version for some reason. Implementing this would change the relationship users have with Stack Exchange for the worse. As it is the people you want to see your question probably already have the sql tag marked as "interesting" so they'll be more likely to see the question on the "interesting" tab or they'll be actively searching for SQL questions to answer anyway. It would be better if we could prevent the user from using the flag for a short period - a couple of hours or so, maybe a day at most. This means that we are addressing the specific behaviour we want to correct, but allowing the user to carry on using the site for other reasons. Call the moderators from the other sites and let them know so that they can destroy their accounts too. Find a community team member to let them know so that the account can be destroyed everywhere in one go. in addition to flagging any posts on the other sites as spam to help remove them from the home page as quickly as possible. The moderators can then decide whether it's really that important that the close reason is "corrected". If the question can be salvaged then it may help by having an appropriate close reason - but if the question can be salvaged then you (well maybe not you personally, but someone) should have done the necessary edits anyway and at that point the question will appear in the re-open queue. I see this option as being available to moderators where we see the flag - perhaps a new option "decline with suspension" on the "decline" dialog. We could then either pick one of the standard decline reasons or add a custom message as now, plus the length of the suspension. If it's not possible (or in fact desirable) for specific flags to be blocked then a general flag ban would be the best solution. In fact this might be better as it would stop them using the "other" flag to tell us something was "offensive" to them.