(Note that the Church does not take a firm position as to whether using contraceptives in an extramarital situation adds additional gravity to, say, sins of fornication or adultery.) In this context the “saints” (hagioi) are actually the members of the Church living on earth. In this passage, St. John (the author of Revelation) takes for granted those who are before the throne of the Lamb (i.e., God the Son) have the task of presenting the prayers (incense) of those on earth. This is intercession on the part of heavenly creatures on behalf of those still living on earth. (The 24 elders probably represent the 12 patriarchs of Israel and the 12 Apostles; hence John is most likely referring here to human, not angelic, intercessors.) TR;DR So long as the persons have not rendered themselves impotent, there is nothing preventing two transgender persons from marrying one another. The reason comes from the very nature of the Holy Trinity. As the Catechism of the Catholic Church (CCC) puts it, There are two facets to the answer, one regarding the nature of the sin offering itself, and one regarding Mary’s motivations for making the offering. Divine Fatherhood in the Scriptures. As the question says, the Scriptures—both the Old and the New Testament (the New more explicitly than the Old)—take great pains to reveal God as Father. (I will also observe that Ignacio’s attempt at baptism would have been invalid, even if it were not against Steven’s will, because the Trinitarian formula is necessary for validity. See the Catechism of the Catholic Church 1239-1240.) Since it is through their vision of God that the saints acquire their knowledge, they have no problem hearing our prayers, even if those prayers are numerous. That is the precise meaning that Aquinas gives when he says (in the passage I quoted above) §2. The non-baptized party is considered to depart if he or she does not wish to cohabit with the baptized party or to cohabit peacefully without affront to the Creator unless the baptized party, after baptism was received, has given the other a just cause for departing. However, it is a logical fallacy—a classic non sequitur—to deduce from this fact that therefore opposition to same-sex marriage is based on prejudices similar to those of the Jim Crow era. The relation proper to the Father is called generation (see CCC No. 254) or Fatherhood. This type of fatherhood is, of course, the very first in the order of being, and all creaturely fatherhood partakes in this one. Latae sententiae excommunications, in particularly grave and public circumstances, can be declared—as happened in the case of Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre and Bishop Antônio de Castro Mayer, and the four bishops consecrated by them, in 1988.