Instead, it's something that raises a far more complex problem. Specifically, to know what is most excellent is something that is limited to the man of practical wisdom (phronemos), and those who are not phronemos are not going to be able to find the exact mean of excellence for action). A practical example might help here. On a merely quantitative approach, the answer to the following type of thought experiment is crystal clear: By definition, the master moral outlook that cannot be "the way for humanity to go." Instead, it requires individuals to break from "the herd" and cease to get their moral bearings externally. In this respect, it doesn't seem like we can all go there -- or at a minimum if we all go there, we don't go there together as a group. Instead, we each go there. There are several different views (or parts of views at work here). First, there's an aspect of moral non-cognitivism (see SEP metaethics, a further article, and the article on cognitivism vs. non-cognitivism ) in the claim that moral claims are psychological statement. There's also a dash of moral relativist if the main point is that ethical questions are decided by majorities in cultures. Example #1 - It's fine utilitarianism. If you're trying to maximize pleasure and don't value consent at all, then you are in the clear as long as the research is likely to increase pleasure for the most in the long run. All of that to identify people working on each point of what you're saying. But all of the points together are hard to find in one place because the anti-theory tendency doesn't jive well with the social foundations of morality claim or the ethics is psychology claim -- at least when these are taken to be theories about morality. I would probably formulate this type of argument as follows: (bears some weakness on dubitability but ...) Views that think there are inviolable principles usually do so on qualitative grounds rather than quantitative ones. The conflict of principles problem is a common objection but not identical to a proof that there aren't multiple things we value. addendum To clarify based on the OPs addition to their question, philosophical accounts that have absolute principles use these to create absolute prohibitions on certain actions. Approaches to ethics that assert absolute values reject the idea that all ethical goods can be quantified. Instead, they take it as prima facie that some ethical goods cannot be sacrificed regardless of other consequences. The planet is a big place, there is a tremendous amount investment in the current energy regime; there is also a political, economic & social cost associated with both preventative and adaptive technology. Victoria Finlay mentions that the Sikhs measure time in periods of three hundred years - the last one being that of the Sword which came to a close recently; the next three hundred years is dedicated to the environment - its on these kinds of time-scales that these kinds of forces operates, which is one reason that they remain invisible (apart from media reporting). Nietschze criticised Christianity for espousing slave morality. How true is this? Given that Christianity became the religion of the ruling classes, isn't it more correct to say that slave morality is espoused by the ruling classes, not for themselves, but for the ruled? Given, that we know of no aliens; its an absurd fallacy to declare that aliens will be pure rational beings. Looking around the this world given how the life-sphere (I mean animals as well humans) is dominated by the emotional, passionate & irrational as well as reason. As this is the only grounds from which we can concieve of aliens - its likely that they will have both these drives - reason & emotion.