Yes we do. It's called being civically responsible by being informed, engaged and participating by speaking about the issues, and, most importantly, voting. 

No one ever envisioned that any system built would be perfect, so they tried to limit the amount of damage that could be done by splitting the powers up and limiting what any branch could do. They clearly felt that the danger from an unchecked branch of government was much greater than having to live with the results of a flaw in the system for a period of time. 

I would have to say "no," for the specific reason that the actual, binding vote that determines the president is the vote taken by the Electoral College (more accurately, per Mark in comments, Congress voting to accept the Electoral College vote), as you noted. 

The fact that, in Bush v Gore, SCOTUS stopped a statewide count in Florida because they felt it would not finish in time for Florida to meet their deadline for choosing electors for the Electoral College would set precedent (even though they said it was such a special ruling that no one could claim precedent in subsequent cases based on it) of the Electoral College logistics and normal process taking priority over having a confirmed, most accurate result of popular vote tallies, if those counts could not be done expeditiously enough to meet the normal timelines. 

In general, SCOTUS tends to hand down more modest rulings that might look like, if there was evidence that the elections, overall, were tainted - "The results of the election are completely suspect and undermine fundamental confidence in the basis of our democracy. However, there is no mechanism for extending the Electoral College deadline, so the voters have to suck it." (see Herrera v. Collins where SCOTUS ruled that proof of innocence is not reason enough to overturn a death penalty sentence, if correct procedure was properly followed throughout the process). 

Our usual voting rate is around 50% for presidential races, and in this election I heard we had 18 million less votes cast than in the previous cycle. NOTE: Brythan pointed out in the comments that the 18 million number is completely wrong. I'm leaving it there so as not to "whitewash" my original answer, but it is wrong. 

It would have the added side benefit of the GOP being able to claim that they took the almost unheard of (for either party) step of putting aside partisan considerations to do what's right by expelling one of their own who just won an election. This would greatly enhance their reputation and standing with independent and younger voters, even if there were accusations of more cynical motives (which could easily be turned around on accusers, who would be painted as complaining that they did the right thing). 

But, what to do? They're stuck with him, if the voters choose, right? Well, with these revelations, not so much. If these allegations are true, most people generally consider that to be behavior not meeting the standards of a public servant, so they would have an opening to expel him if they want. By advertising that he'd think Moore is unfit, and that they'd probably expel him, it sends a message to Alabama Republican voters (the strong majority in that state) who might find the accusations against Moore credible. That message is (not an actual quote, BTW)- 

That, of course, assumes a hand recount. In many states, their "recount" process consists of feeding the same ballots through the same machine readers, or, with electronic voting machines, looking at the tapes and verifying totals. Both of those, but especially the second, are a complete farce and will only repeat any problems, and should not technically be considered a "recount." 

So, we have that duty, and we blew it, collectively, if you feel that the outcome is one where an unfit person is going to take office. Too late for buyers remorse after the fact. We had about 15 months to send any unfit candidates packing. That should be plenty of time to figure it out. 

I think McConnell and the establishment wing of the party always felt like Moore would not be a great fit for what they want to do. He's a bit of a loose cannon, might chafe at following marching orders, and generally behaves like the kind of a caricature that liberals might draw to try and defame conservatives, which reflects poorly on the party when they want to court the ever-growing independent voting bloc. He also defeated the primary opponent they all wanted.