I hope i covered your questions if i missed any feel free to remind me I'll edit my answer! 

the other mahrams could be find in (4:23) so except for those any other women are halal to marry (assuming that slavery is void) as quoted in (4:24): 

Note that the prohibition of adoption means: one is allowed to adopt or care for a child as long as one doesn't give it his name and it wouldn't have any rights when it comes to inheritance like an own or real child and an adopted boy is not a mahram for the females in the household as he is a foreigner end the same applies for an adopted girl she shouldn't be seen by the real sons without hijab once she is mature. 

Well I'm answering your Question here based on the following assumption: Your husband has given you talaq at least 3 times and he wasn't in anger in any of them he is denying it. And you shouldn't have any doubt about any time he gave you talaq! 

We can also find the following Hadith: 

this needs a conversation between the spouses without any violence, but maybe by a good remainder of some verses of the Qur'an, some good words of the Prophet () etc. 

According to the Verse of Surat al Hajj (22:40) Muslims shouldn't destroy houses of worship or religious places of other Religions (Ahl-Al-Kitab to be correct). But what if for some reasons in an Islamic state a house of prayer needs to be restored or even destroyed, i.e. let's say there's a danger of collapse for a church? 

This is so far an answer for the fiqh source and views. 

This again is a workaround that I usually practice: the 'aqiqah for my children doesn't take place in our presence but at the house of either my parents or my in-laws, so for example my father in law buys a cheap and performs the 'Aqiah in our name (he could be refunded but usually doesn't accept it, but we also leave some money with him). One can buy a cheap for odhiya via a Muslim organization who spends the whole odhiya in a poor Muslim country or to people who would be in need. But as said above I also ordered at a Muslim grocery here a cheap for 'Id and asked them to slaughter it in my name and got it from them on the day of 'Id or a day later. So in any case if you don't perform the slaughtering yourself you would be dependent on the person who performs it and you either have to trust them or don't in that case there's no way out expect buying an animal and slaughtering it yourself or as stated let others do it for you in a Muslim country as agents. 

So if you are convinced of what you pretended: then normally after the 3rd talaq you should refuse him, separate and leave him -if possible- and try to seek talaq (if you have at least 2 witnesses) or khula' as he became mahram for you as he is -from a shari'a point of view- no more your husband, so he shouldn't see you uncovered neither have intercourse or any kind of relationship which is haram with a mahram! 

more than a male: the husband with his two daughters (he would only inherit a quarter, while they would inherit two thirds, one third each of course if there will be a son this would change) 

This amount might even differ (increase) in some cases as quoted in the Qur'an, but is this a kind of injustice towards women? 

Note also that many supermarkets in Europe sell meat which has a sign saying it is halal. So one can buy the meat there also many Muslim supermarkets have their own slaughterhouse or for example in Germany used to buy or import some kinds of meat from countries where it is/was allowed to slaughter the Muslim way (Austria was one of them a few years ago). So there are options to buy.