When a player helps someone up that they have just tackled, it is acknowledgement that they are both professionals doing a job, and that there are no hard feelings. Most professional players understand that, although they play on different teams, they are all coworkers, in a sense, and that your opponent this year might be your teammate next year. 

For each game, the home team decides whether they want to wear colors or white, and the visiting team wears the opposite. The majority of teams wear colors at home, which means that the visiting teams wear white. However, Dallas traditionally wears white at home, which means that usually teams that go to Dallas to play wear their color uniforms. As a result, Dallas wears white uniforms in almost every game they play, both home and away. 

The NFL has similar language. From the Official Playing Rules of the NFL 2012, Rule 15, Section 9 (Instant Replay): In the early 2000s, the NFL felt that touchdown celebrations had gotten out of control, delaying the game and promoting unsportsmanlike behavior. Some of the top "offenders" included Steve Smith (who "diapered and wiped" the football), Randy Moss (who mooned Packers fans at Lambeau) and Chad Johnson (who put on a hall of fame jacket and proposed to a cheerleader). So in 2006, the NFL outlawed "excessive celebration." Specifically, players were prohibited from any prolonged, excessive, or premeditated celebration, from using any type of prop while celebrating, from going to the ground during a celebration, and from engaging in a group celebration. The reasons why both teams struggled financially are debatable. One reason could be that there aren't enough football fans to support two teams. (They both left the same year, so this is hard to disprove.) Another reason could be that, with 6 other major league sports teams in the area, the sports market is already saturated. 

Update 1/2016: The Rams, Chargers, and Raiders all applied to move to LA this year. The NFL has approved the move for the Rams, who will start playing in LA this year (2016) at the Coliseum while their new stadium in Inglewood is built, which is scheduled for completion in time for the 2019 season. The stadium is designed to support two teams; the Chargers will be given an opportunity to move, and if they decide against it, the Raiders will be allowed to move. Source: LA Times 

The clock doesn't stop a play; if the clock runs to 0, the half ends when the play is over. So if the clock runs out before the third-down play begins, then no third-down attempt has occurred. If the clock runs to 0 while the third-down play is taking place, then it will count as an attempt, and it will be a successful attempt if it ends in a first down or a touchdown, and a failure if it does not. 

Teams like Seattle and Minnesota have a reputation for having very loud stadiums. Seattle believes in the advantage that their crowd gives them so much that they refer to the fans as the "12th Man" and have retired jersey number 12 in honor of the fans. Minnesota and other stadiums have been accused of pumping amplified crowd noise through stadium loudspeakers to gain an advantage. 

The 2006 celebration ban was not popular with the players or fans. And many players and fans were upset that the Packers were the only ones with a celebration that was still allowed, while their players were prohibited from celebrating. For this tiebreaker, what is compared is the percentage record. For example, let's say two teams in different divisions are tied for a wildcard spot. When looking at games against common opponents, one team has a record of 3-1, and the other team has a record of 3-2, having played one of the common teams twice. The 3-1 team would win the tiebreaker, having a better percentage. 

From the NCAA Football 2013 and 2014 Rules and Interpretations, Rule 12 (Instant Replay), Section 1, Article 2 (Philosophy): 

The picture on the sweater is probably based on a 1934 Detroit Lions team photo (perhaps just part of the photo, since it does not appear to be a complete team), but so far I have been unable to find the photo on the internet. Normally, the back foot at the point of the catch is the starting location for the return measurement. If the ball is caught in the end zone, the goal line is the starting point for the measurement. As a result, 100 yards is the maximum length of a kick return in college. In the last few years that the Rams and the Raiders were in LA, both teams were struggling, both on the field and financially. They both played in aging stadiums, and neither were successful in obtaining a new stadium in the area. A sound effect played by the stadium before a third down is simply a cue to the crowd that the visiting team is in a third down situation and that they should be loud to help their team. Different stadiums have different traditions for these sound effects: Denver has a bronco neighing, Minnesota has a Viking horn, Jacksonville has a jaguar roaring. They usually play these after a good play by the home team, but they can also be used to alert the crowd to a third down situation. 

If you require a home Super Bowl to be one that takes place at the home stadium of the team, then Miami and Houston have gotten the closest: they have each lost in the playoffs only two games away from a home Super Bowl. 

Update 1/2017: The Chargers opted to move to LA, and will begin playing at StubHub Center in Carson until the Inglewood stadium, which is now named City of Champions Stadium, is completed in 2019. 

A third-down conversion attempt occurs when a team runs a third-down play and either succeeds in getting the first down (or a touchdown), or fails and goes to fourth down.