When it comes to the Islamic ruling, the murdered gets punished by death, regardless of gender, slavery, etc. This is what the seera tells us was practiced during the time of the Prophet ﷺ and his companions and is also declared through this hadith: ... as a mercy from your Lord. And I did it not of my own accord. That is the interpretation of that about which you could not have patience. Al-Ma'idah 5:44 clearly stipulates that Allah is referring to the Torah that Allah has sent down, not the one that has been corrupted; only the one revealed by Allah. Ibn Qayyim al-Jawziyya said in his book Bada'i' Al-Fawa-id (my own translation, so treat with care): The writing style used in the Holy Qur'an is that acts of charity, mercy and generosity are attributed to Allah, may He be exalted, and said acts would not be mentioned without attribution. Whereas, when it comes to acts of justice, retribution, or punishment, the attribution is omitted as a form of proper etiquette. Yes, the word hajr can also mean to bind, but it has nothing to do with forced sexual relationship, neither was this the view adopted by al-Tabari (in terms of forced sexual relationship). Since, we've heard only about Prophet Isa(peace be upon him) as the chronological Prophet after Prophet Moosa(peace be upon him) and before Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) does not mean there weren't other prophets in this time gap. Who knows some prophet(peace be upon him) was sent to one of the dense forests of South America, but we do not know or are not notified about. All we know for sure is the fact that Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) was the last and a seal. We can take help of Muhsin Khan's translation to understand. But to attain other aspects of Al-Islam, yes not everyone will be aware of things in the very beginning. So, it is the job of fellow Muslims near them to remind them about the Islamic ways. Muslim: = "One who follows Al-Islam" The death is referring to in common any person of the people of scripture. Well from the above definition, along side not having Iman, it seems you can successfully pretend to be a Muslim. Here's a list of some commentaries on specific books: Then there have been a 2nd period of silence as stated in sahih hadiths like in al-Bukahri and this, I've lately passed by strange and less reliable similar narrations whom even named the woman who addressed our Messenger, some even pretended it was his wife Khadija (but that seems to me a very weird and untrustworthy statement). And in this article the Autor (a Sudanese Philosophy teacher) is criticizing the political interpretation of the Quran in his tafsir, discussing these three points, which seem to be the major views of al-Maududi: First of all this verse shows the three kinds or ways the revelation of Allahs words reach a (human) Messenger or Prophet (not any person in general). Or how a Prophet or Messenger will receive Allahs words. (My own translation of the quote take it with care) - - - The black thread is a symbolic formulation of the darkness of the night (light) and the white thread is a symbolic formulation of the brightness of the day (fajr).