I'm limited to a phone right now, and as I am a dinosaur, constructing this answer is not easy. I will end it here, hoping that the case for baby talk has been made. So, enjoy the little guy for who he is: an intelligent, sweet, helpful little guy. Don't worry about putting him into preschool; it's fine if you do. The first is putting a bug in their ear, showing empathy for the concern you might be causing them, and is in keeping with your respective roles. And you can occasionally feed the bug if at first you don't succeed. Social aspects of baby talk should be self-evident. When a baby says, "aahgooo" to a parent, the usual response is a delighted "Aahgooo" (IDS) back, not, "What are you trying to tell me, Jennifer? Are you hungry? What makes you say aahgooo?" The former is social interaction the baby can appreciate; the latter is confusing gobbledygook to the baby. Please see this PDF called the Denver Developmental II. It represents normal milestones in development and is used around the world. The white area in each rectangle are the normals; the blue areas are the "late but not off the chart yet". Off the chart indicates a need to probe further. Baby’s First Year: How Infants Develop I think you're being wise here. Acknowledge your son's true feelings of love and admiration for his playmate. But to have him express these feelings might cause some discomfort in someone in whom the feelings aren't reciprocated. As he has asked what he should do, you are giving him good advice. I would explain the consequences you mention in a gentle and straightforward manner, without being overly fearful of the negative possibilities. If he chooses to tell her anyway, he might be in for a pleasant surprise, or he will have been warned. The PDF will show if he's on target for other milestones. Without asking you specifically (you can look at the chart yourself), I would guess from the bit that you say, that he's just fine! 1 Infants' Listening Preferences: Baby Talk or Happy Talk? 2 Sadness in mothers’ ‘baby-talk’ predicts affective disorder in adolescent offspring 3 (Baby)Talk to Me: The Social Context of Infant-Directed Speech and Its Effects on Early Language Acquisition, Roberta Michnick Golinkoff, Dilara Deniz Can, Melanie Soderstrom, and Kathy Hirsh-Pasek, School of Education, University of Delaware; Institute for Learning and Brain Sciences, University of Washington; Department of Psychology, University of Manitoba; and Department of Psychology, Temple University, PDF People believe in all kinds of myths. I don't know where this one came from, but you don't have to worry about your grandson damaging his hips be doing what comes naturally to him. Unasked-for advice is tricky. No one can see what you see and know the parents like you do. Children who never see or hear about boundaries don't learn how to set them well themselves. So while that proved to be a painful outcome, it was a valuable lesson nonetheless. Some of this depends on the culture you (or the other child) are in. One of my children had a steadfast, reciprocated "love" (and I have no doubt it was love) for a playmate for years. Both sets of parents were fine with it. As @user25972 pointed out, it's not necessarily "baby talk" that babies prefer, but in one study (cited in the answer) it was positive emotion rather than the higher pitch of baby talk (or infant directed speech/IDS) that matters. However, there is a wealth of information on the preference of babies for baby talk over adult-directed talk (normal speech): If anything, your grandson is showing good strength in his legs, good balance (he's not falling over with movement), and good large-motor skills in his lower extremities. *Having said this, children's bones and joints are different than those of adults. The most common unintentional injury inflicted on a child by overeager parents is a condition called nursemaid's elbow or radial head subluxation. This is not uncommon when a child is yanked by their arm when unwilling to follow an adult (hence the name nursemaid's elbow). It's often also caused in an attempt by a parent to save a child from falling by holding onto the child's hand (an understandable maneuver and usually done reflexively), less commonly by rough play and swinging a child by their arms. Gentle traction doesn't cause this. Lifting a very young child by the hands or arms might. It is good to note that there is no similar injury to the knee, hip, or shoulder. Bones do break more easily in young children. Falling on an outstretched arm can result in collar bone fractures. These are usually not readily preventable. Children love to run.