As for good and evil, Hegel was extremely obscure on the issue, and Marx of course dismissed them as metaphysical abstractions detached from reality. One place where Hegel discusses their dialectic is Conscience: the Beautiful Soul, Evil and its Forgiveness chapter in Phenomenology of the Spirit (morality is also discussed in the second and third chapters of the Philosophy of Right). According to Rockmore's commentary to Phenomenology of the Spirit: The Kantian criterion of ethical is whether one would wish such behavior to become generally practiced (there are delicate differences between "wish" and "will", which I leave out). But this argument seems odd to me. It can just as easily be turned around to argue that the apparent scarcity of personal and cultural biases in mathematical controversies makes it more credible that their subject matter has at least some claim to objectivity. If cultural dependence of "linguistic intuitions" is taken to go against the objectivity of their substrate why should it be different for ethical ones? The same is confirmed by what even Clarke-Doane himself points out in another context: EDIT: I am not sure that it came through but by immoral I did not mean morally deficient or evil. Rather at the God's plane of being morality becomes meaningless, like tastes or smells are meaningless when applied to elementary particles. You already had the opportunity to take your idea to someone else who would make that investment in a way that would benefit you, instead of them. If you did not recognize the value of your own idea, they deserve the benefit of that realization, which you did not have. States don't participate in duty-based ethics. They offer or impose social contracts. So the result of trying to adopt a consistent personal ethics based upon abstract duty within a state context ultimately results in a sort of 'theory sandwich', a layered approach to ethics where the layers clearly conflict, and one or the other is taken to be primary in different contexts. By sheer evasion. Moral realism does not demand that derived moral facts are correct, stable, or universal, only that there really are basic moral facts that are real. Species naturally advance their own genes. By the standards of many biological theories, that is what makes a species a species. And one of the most logical ways to advance them is to preserve them. So any non-domesticated animal would choose to save the members of its own species before those of another. To some degree we can look around us and see this happening. But in other ways, things are reversing dramatically. Christianity is dying as an institution and culture is becoming more aggressive even as it becomes more guilty. But thwarting one argument against something does very little toward showing it is actually false. If that is true, then to the degree that they are partially observations of your body's internal condition, its contents are not really learned from other people. What we tend to learn instead is how to name and channel them, not how to feel them. According to studies of adoption, (Not the greatest reference, but -- http://adoptionvoicesmagazine.com/my-second-mama/do-adoptees-have-more-problems/#.VIXXBTHF-So) if your own emotional landscape is significantly different from your parents' you tend to grow up undercontrolled, rather than underemotional. So your theory seems backward.