For primitive terms, there are implicit definitions, which are actually a set of axioms where the terms are used. It's a kind of definition through usage. Take for example Newtonian physics: "mass" and "force" are never defined, they are primitive terms. However the axioms of Newtonian physics relate masses and forces in such a way that we can grasp what they are, even if they were not strictly defined. 

There could be ways to accommodate a notion of approximate truth within a correspondence theory of truth, though. Two aspects of theories must be taken into account: the structural aspects (equations, models) and the referential aspects (the linguistic meaning of physical properties, the fact that they correspond to natural kinds). It's probably more easy to have approximate truth for structural aspect: there could be mathematical resemblance relations. The structure of theories would more and more resemble the structure of the world. The case of reference is more problematic. Is it "approximately true" that there are gravitational forces in the universe, now that we talk about curvature of space time instead? Or is it plain false? Saying that talk of newtonian forces is really disguised talk of space time curvatures seems a bit far fetched and one could be tempted to say that there really are no Newtonian forces in the world... 

Another option is to view it as a realist theory with regards to classical states and an instrumentalism with regards to quantum theory ( which indeed has kantian flavours). The idea is this: quantum theory is a tool for predicting classically described outcomes, given classicaly described initial state, but it is not in any sense a description of reality. Bohr emphasised the fact that you need a "classical" vocabulary to interpret a wave-function and the observables. It has been claimed that it assumes an arbitrary microscopic-macroscopic dichotomy (and a collpase) but this is probably a realist misreading of Bohr's view. 

In your question, what you call emergence is simply composition. Sometimes scientists use it as such, but philosophers usually mean irreducibility by emergence. 

The best expression of how quantum mechanics conflicts with realism is the so-called measurement problem. Assuming scientific realism (that the theory describes an independent reality), one faces the following trilemma: 

Emergence is the opposite of reduction. Holism is the opposite of separability. 

I will answer for the "physical" aspect (other answers have addressed the "existence" aspect but it seems to me that what you're after is a distinction between physical and unphysical existence, not a definition of existence itself? Even if not my answer will complement the others). 

In the case of charges, the relevant magnitude is charge per mass unit. Same in the case of cross sections: it is cross-section per mass unit. These magnitudes are intensive. When attaching two objects, you double the resistance of the air, but you also double inertial mass, so the two objects will not fall slowlier or faster than each separately (contrarily to what you are saying). Galileo's argument remains valid in this case. Idem in the case of charges attracted by a magnet: two charges won't be attracted faster when tied together, because inertial mass adds up as well as charge. 

Creationism asserts something about the world that would explain our observations (it explains animal species by the hypothesis that God created animals as they are now some time ago). Similarly, string theory asserts something about the world that would explain our observations (that everything is constituted of strings at a fundamental level, which would explain all physical phenomena). This is a feature of scientific theories more generally: newtonian physics asserts that there are forces and masses to explain the movement of objects. The point of the demarcation problem is finding a criteria to sort out the assertions of this kind that can be called scientific or not. 

EDIT: perhaps the argument is even more general and does not depend on continuous change. Consider a composite system S1+S2. The extensive magnitudes of S1 and S2 will add up while the speeds of S1 and S2 won't (you'll take average speed for the composite system). Insofar as nature's behaviour does not depend on how you name and group things, extensive magnitudes cannot be directly relevant for movement. 

The same goes for euclidean geometry: lines, points segments and angles are the primitive terms and they are not strictly defined, but implicitly through axioms which say how points and lines behave relatively to each other. 

Following the general understanding of what a theory is in philosophy of science, this is quite the contrary actually: a simpler theory is more easy to falsify, and this is precisely why, if confirmed, it is more likely to be true (if one think parcimony is an indicator of truth, which is controversial).