I used to do 2-3 times Start-Stop-Continue activity on the retrospective and intersperse it with some new format. Lean Coffee is another, quite universal approach you can use. 

The issue. Product Owner selects most valuable pieces of feedback and turns it into the PBIs. As a result, there are lots of small PBIs (between 10 to 40). That in turn makes the Backlog hard to maintain. if UAT take 1 week to complete think about extending Sprint length by 1 week and include them into Sprint. BUT don't wait with UAT do the last week of the sprint. Don't treat this as an opportunity for Dev Team to do even more new features, because it'll strike back with double force. Gains? Less Work in Progress and task switching. (I assume that currently Sprint is being often interrupted by those end-users' requests) 

If I were you, I would make sure the team understands purpose of this meeting and ask what format they'd like to try in order to make those points fulfilled. Dedicate a retrospective to figure out the way your team wants to do it. As you said - you shouldn't force the team to use a specific format. Use your knowledge to guide the team and help them to come with one. You've already showed possible variations so they have some idea around it. How can people change knowing that in the end you will be the one that decides about salaries? What to do to avoid unwanted consequences? How to prepare for it? How to take advantage of it? Fun formats are a way to go time to time, in my opinion. The frequency needs to be suited for the team. After couple of raw discussions you'll sense that introducing some fun would be beneficial. Nevertheless, mind that people don't like changes too often. Once you pick a format for the meeting, stick to it and give it a try at least 3 times. First of all it's a good sign that the team gave you feedback about it. It means they care. 

Once the team tried various of plans you can ask them (preferably before the meeting) what kind of format they'd like to go with. 

For the first time with new format people learn how it works. They should have an opportunity to explore it further to make most of it. 

Second. As a Scrum Master your job is to make sure things required in the Scrum Guide happen: 

coach Product Owner to represent the end-users' view at the highest possible level Estimation can happen anytime throughout the Sprint. Scrum Guide only requires Sprint Planning as mandatory before the next Sprint begins. That's the last chance to estimate any new Product Backlog Items. It doesn't say you're not allowed to have additional planning sessions. Backlog Grooming or Refinement, as it's called, is a very popular and recommended practice. 

Background. There is a web platform as a product. There are few teams contributing to it. Usually a team works on a feature, delivers the feature and maintains it. There are millions of end users and the adoption of features takes weeks. During this period new users share their feedback. Let’s say there are about 3 features on average being actively supported. This setup generates dozens of tiny improvements gathered throughout the time. Very often, when team is already focused on a new feature, end-users feedback is still being provided. DT (Development Team) works in Scrum. Jira Agile is used as a PjM tool.