Increasing crafting skills increases the potency of the product created. More powerful potions/enchants, and better smithing upgrades at a workbench. Most of the weapon/armor skills manifest as direct damage/damage reduction increases that you'll see when you attempt to equip the related items. . Increasing lock picking increases the size of the 'Sweet Spot' when picking locks and increases the number of failed attempts before breaking a pick. When dual wielding, is there any penalty to the offhand weapon, whether of damage or attack speed? What about a spell equipped on that slot? Or is the dragonborn ambidextrous? Yes it's possible. Rather than trying to use the physics object grab or spamming Fus Ro Dah however, a better choice is to use one of the 'raise dead' spells from the Conjuration school. This will allow your Skeever Suitcase (or Bandit Backpack, Draugr Drawer, Vampire Valise, Necromancer Knapsack, Stormcloak Satchel, or even Legionairre Luggage - whatever is handy really) to follow you through cave, town, building, and zone entrances, offering much more versatility. Enemies in Skyrim are, within certain bounds, adjusted to your own level. So the first dragons you meet will likely be pretty low level, as you're probably still at a very early level yourself. I wasn't fast enough to get a screenshot of this loading screen I had the same issue, it automatically picky my Gamepad as input on first starting Skyrim. There was an option called "360 Controller" in the System->Settings menu, after disabling it Skyrim defaults to mouse and keyboard on every start. To activate the spell or block with your shield the mouse buttons are reversed from assigning, you activate your right hand with a left lick and your left hand with a right click. It should look like this, where both the shield and the spell are marked in the inventory and favorite list: This is possible from the beginning, I'm running around electrocuting enemies with my right hand and blocking with a shield on my left hand pretty much since the beginning of the game. Increasing Speechcraft and Sneak, and Pickpocket improves your chance of success when using those skills, and, in the case of Speechcraft, improves the prices you'll get from merchants. Experience bonus: This is hinted at with the idea of Spouse Management, but the experience bonus from being 'Well-Rested' is doubled when you sleep in a bed you own (from 5 to 10 percent), and tripled (to 15%) if you do so in an owned bed shared with your spouse. This is a huge help to grinding up the last few points of many hard to level skills, and the ability to have convenient crafting stations nearby makes it very easy to use this bonus to level those skills. There are two bullets missing from yx.'s excellent answer: When dual wielding, is there any penalty to the offhand weapon, whether of damage or attack speed? What about a spell equipped on that slot? Or is the dragonborn ambidextrous? In the case of the various schools of magic, it comes in the form of reducing the Magicka cost of higher level spells, allowing you to cast more powerful alternatives to your earlier weaker ones. Most of the weapon/armor skills manifest as direct damage/damage reduction increases that you'll see when you attempt to equip the related items. . Increasing lock picking increases the size of the 'Sweet Spot' when picking locks and increases the number of failed attempts before breaking a pick. The dragons are part of the main quest, they are more closely adjusted to your level as the developers also had to expect some people directly starting with the main quest, not earning levels before that with side quests. The giants are passive, you can avoid them pretty easily. So having them far above your level doesn't stop your progress at all. It should look like this, where both the shield and the spell are marked in the inventory and favorite list: The first giant I met killed me with one hit, flinging me high up in the air. Now at around level 40 I can kill a giant with 2-4 hits of my daedric mace. I wasn't fast enough to get a screenshot of this loading screen This is possible from the beginning, I'm running around electrocuting enemies with my right hand and blocking with a shield on my left hand pretty much since the beginning of the game. There is also a loading screen tip saying To activate the spell or block with your shield the mouse buttons are reversed from assigning, you activate your right hand with a left lick and your left hand with a right click.