It is well known that every Boolean algebra can be represented as the set-algebra of clopen sets of its associated Stone space. You might want to consider some potential commitments related to strong forms of mathematical idealism: Foundations of mathematics are neither necessary nor possible. Axioms have to be intuitively true, like Euclid's axioms for geometry. Mathematical object are at least as real as any object in the physical world. The question of whether objects like zero, infinity, square root of two, or square root of minus one actually exist is non-trivial and must be answered for each of these objects separately. Edit I used Banach-Tarski paradox and Gentzen's consistency proof as examples for the unclear relationship between mathematical "conjectures" and real world "relevance", even so the actual examples I personally care about are much simpler and probably even "solvable", at least in theory. I did this, because these are well known and well investigated examples. The drawbacks are that there are unsettled controversies over them (like the criticism of Voevodsky's position regarding consistency), and that I'm not at all an expert on their details. I now read some of the original publications and parts of the controversy, and I have to admit that at least the historical account in my answer was misleading and unfair to Gödel. The least controversial modern "answer" to the consistency problem is probably given by the reverse mathematics program, which shows that Voevodsky's position is really quite questionable. The truth values of classical propositional logic form a Boolean algebra. The only subdirectly irreducible Boolean algebra has cardinality 2 (True & False). Hence the equational theory of classical propositional logic is completely determined by the two element Boolean algebra. The label conjecture is only used for proposition that might one day be decided to be true, false or undecidable. The proposition P≠NP is considered to be a conjecture, but the consistency of ZFC is not considered to be a conjecture. The reason why we believe that both propositions are true is that we haven't found efficient algorithms for NP complete problems, despite intense efforts, and we haven't found a contradiction in ZFC, despite making heavy use of it. We found unpleasant properties of ZFC like the Banach-Tarski paradox, but being an unsuitable model of physical reality is different from a mathematical inconsistency. Russell was well aware of at least some of these difficulties. To solve them he formulated his theory of systematic ambiguity. This is most easily understood with respect to an example. Take the statement of the Axiom of Reducibility. According to Russell, this has to be understood (for fixed i) as indicating not a single proposition, but an infinitude of propositions: one for each order that f might be. Russell, himself, explains the point with respect to a similar example as follows): "Or, closer to home, consider the Axiom of Reducibility itself. This is supposed to hold for all functions, f. Russell's very statement of it (above) therefore violates the theory of orders." - How exactly does Russell's statement of Axioms of Reducibility violates the theory of orders? For example, in philosophical arguments the method of reasoning is not always formal and I think that it is more natural to use this kind of reasoning method. Surprisingly enough when we discuss the proofs, we in fact use this kind of informal reasoning but still our professors insist on being able to write formal proofs. There was a revolution in mathematics because of Descartes, back in the 1600's. He invented the method of using the mapping from geometric objects to coordinates and algebraic equations, where a quicker rote symbolic proof was possible in comparison to many synthetic proofs (like those in Euclid). Carvalho says Cantor is 'confusing numbers with their mere signs'. I think Carvalho is misunderstanding how labeling of mathematical objects works; he is confounding the proof of cardinality with the construction of the objects at hand. The ordinal nature of the naturals (and the evens) is irrelevant to the proof. The distinction that Fresnel is trying to draw is not clear. I take it that he means that a method is a clever general way of doing a great many things with little thought versus an idea which is a clever specific idea for a very specific difficult problem (that probably doesn't generalize). If that is the appropriate interpretation of Fresnel's statement, then I disagree with Fresnel; the examples in La Geometrie, may or may not be specific instances of the application of the genera method (I vaguely remember those instances only tangentially being an application of analytic geometry, that is they each had their own idiosyncratic problems and solutions). But even where the distinction works, I think the 'method' is the revolutionary thing rather than the specific solutions to the specfic problems in La Géométrie.