Following this thesis, the Canadian Liberals would have been pushed by specific (more progressive) capitals, and by labour to modify capitalism to meet this urge for quality labour. The question specific to Canada, in this frame, would be why it took until, or was achieved so early, in 1960. In societies similar to Canadian society, the 40 hour week was achieved between 20 years earlier and 20 years later than 1960. Employers in specific wanted higher quality and stable labour supplies, and so voluntarily offered permanent work; and, generally wanted educated and healthy workers. But they wouldn't use pay signals to get these. 

A strong state is one which then fulfills the core requirements of maintaining a body of armed men in its circumstances. Stronger states will maintain a body of armed men in a way which makes the dissolution of that capacity less likely. This isn't just numbers or quality, but also the soft power that results in population growth, legitimacy and capacity to mobilise, the ability to bind outlying semi-governed polities beneath a central or networked will. Less strong states will be susceptible to invasion, successful or unsuccessful revolution or revolt, mass resistance to basic policies (tax, land, family structure) or esoteric policies (customing of luxury goods, public nuisance, courtesy within a single class). I know 3 of them (not including Kennedy that you have already identified): 

There is a book called "The Nazi Seizure of Power" by William Allen which describes what happened through the lens of single town. If you want to understand the political forces involved I suggest starting with that book. Later, after the English civil war especially, life became unpleasant for the Quakers (the Society of Friends) and large numbers of them immigrated for example in the 1660s. All of these people were quite well off, if not wealthy, due the huge cost of transport and the needs of paying for it themselves, without the assistance of the government or investors. The following paper is a pretty detailed treatment: First of all, criminals were not allowed to immigrate normally. You had to be of good character to get sponsored to go to the colonies. Liberties and Customs of the Port of London 

You are conflating immigrants from different time periods. The North American colonies were established over a period of 150 years from approximately 1620 to 1770. During that time many different kinds of immigration occurred. 

Now, therefore, be it known that I, Andrew Johnson President of the United States, by virtue of the power and authority in me vested by the Constitution and in the name of the sovereign people of the United States, do hereby proclaim and declare unconditionally and without reservation, to all and to every person who, directly or indirectly, participated in the late insurrection or rebellion a full pardon and amnesty for the offense of treason against the United States or of adhering to their enemies during the late civil war, with restoration of all rights, privileges, and immunities under the Constitution and the laws which have been made in pursuance thereof. 

The President could dismiss the Chancellor (Hitler) at any time. To answer your question: of course there were "legal" mechanisms to do anything. The President could have dismissed Hitler at any time. The Reichstag could have passed laws to do anything they wanted, including having BOTH Hindenberg and Hitler removed. The "legal" means are always there. The important thing however is the will of the people. 

The dynamics of the situation were that Hitler actually had a minority of support, but those who did support him were near-fanatical; that is why he was able to take over. At the time many people, typically upper middle class wage earners were dismayed at the rise of the National Socialists, but they were drowned out by the parades, celebrations and esprit of that party. So, it was legally within the power of the Reichstag to block or remove Hitler even after he was elected. Even after he was president, the Reichstag could have not only blocked his emergency decree, they could have voted him down in no confidence and forced him to withstand a plebiscite, and even if he passed this plebiscite, the Reichstag had power over both the purse of the Reich and had the power to remove ANY minister, so legally speaking they could have rendered even President Hitler powerless, if they so chose. 

If you remember what it was like when Obama was elected, how there were large cheering crowds, and Oprah crying, and the news casters enthusiastically declaring a new age. Imagine that and multiply it times 100 and you will have some idea what it was like. In every town Nazis were parading up and down through the streets carry banners. They were firing old corrupt bureaucrats and replacing them with new "modern", "efficient" officials. They were re-arranging water works, charity systems, road building, you name it. The old conservatives that opposed this were in the majority, but they basically just stood by with their mouths open while this hurricane passed by them.