The second mindset adjustment is correlated with that, and it's to think of the late stages of the tournament as the real "beginning". It can certainly be a drain to your energy getting to the later stages, but you should feel energized that the "boring" part is out of the way--here is where it gets interesting and you should be focusing in and making your moves. If you focus on building a stack and taking advantage of those players who are just struggling to make it to the money, you'll set yourself up for more impactful chances of success when you do run good late. Take a couple risks to get a big stack and pick out spots where you can bully to get more chips. Focus in on the other players who are now shaping up to be the ones you'll have to make big decisions against late. It may help to try and adjust your mindset in a couple ways. For one, simply cashing in the tournament shouldn't be a goal in itself as long as you're playing within your bankroll. One time finishing with a top spot is worth quite a few times of sneaking into the money and can turn someone from a breakeven tournament player to a profitable one. For this you'll need to keep a constant attitude that first place is everything and make your decisions accordingly. TL;DR: Late stages of the tourney are where things get exciting, and ramping up your aggression will keep your head in the game while increasing your chances of winning. Basically, instead of a mindset of survival or of hoping to run good, you should be aggressively seeking any and every spot where you can accumulate more chips--that attitude in itself should heighten your senses and keep you focused in the game. You'll definitely end up busting earlier more often but when the mentality is all or nothing, that's acceptable-- when you don't bust around the bubble you'll go much further and have a better chance of winning. If you start to feel tired, try to remember that you'd much rather be in the position you're currently in than to be at the beginning of the next tourney after you'd blown your chance on this one. It really depends. Under 15BB is almost always a push or a fold. In early position you can shove up to around 18BB. In late position you can shove up to around 20BB. Blind versus blind you can shove up to around 25BB. But these are just general guidelines. You certainly shouldn't shove your entire range for example blind versus blind when you have 25BB, but you could do it with a part of it. It all really depends on the other stacksizes, the payouts, how comfortable you are playing post-flop with certain hands. If you have an insane edge over your opponent it makes sense to not shove sometimes. Great hands should sometimes be trapped, etc. In the end, I don't think there is a huge difference in your hourly rate, but pokerstars has my slight preference. 888's structure is 4-handed as opposed to pokerstars' 3-handed games. This increases variance. To conclude, I think pokerstars is your better pick. However, I don't know the skill level of the players. If you are going to play buy-ins larger than 30 I think 888's playerpool will be softer. There is more content available for 3-handed shortstack games, therefore studying will be easier and with more options to choose from. And also, plenty of other sites have 3-handed structures, so your studying can also be applied elsewhere. Before you sit down at the table you should have developed a reasonable strategy against the expected player pool. This should be a balanced strategy so that you are a winning player against every player in the pool (this is of course very hard). Then you can make notes against certain players and adjust your strategy accordingly. It is wrong to assume you are never supposed to bluff in a certain spot, because of the bad player pool, since they will always call you down. This is not an assumption you can correctly make. It is a good shove. Never fold KK pre-flop. The second point, KK pre-flop is the second best possible hand in Texas Hold'em. Think about it: would you fold a nut full house on a board thinking your opponent got quads? If you do - that is bad. You should never fold those kind of hands. Every street has its own nuts, and KK is the second nuts pre-flop. Even if you are unlucky to be against AA you will get lucky sometimes (18%) to hit the set. UPDATE: More details. First of all, the math. The probability for getting AA is 1/221 = 0.005 ~ 0.5%. This is the same for getting KK. The odds you are up against AA when you have KK vs 8 players is 0.0391 ~ 4%, and it is only in a full 9 handed table. The probability is even further down with BU vs SB vs BB. And lastly, coming to these opponents, if that guy could do it with even 88 then it was a no-brainer shove.