In terms of determining specifically whether any individual child is ready for any particular book or not Rather than always trying to change the child, what are some techniques for ways to help a "wiggly kid" function in the classroom better without it just being about "sitting still"? When we are out and about, or leaving a friend's house, I don't want to make a huge issue of it "publicly" or call a spade a spade and indicate she isn't really interested in what a business accountant does at work all day - she is just avoiding leaving (that would just make the other adult know they've been duped by a seven year old). I Do NOT WANT ideas for PUNISHMENTS please - no suggestions of spanking or smacking . . . Honestly, I wouldn't require the apology for coming out. I'd give him a hug or some loving remark about being glad he decided to rejoin you. Be glad to see him now that he is calm. At the same time, whatever it is he misses out on while he was calming down - he misses out on. If he is in his room while you are eating and misses dinner, he goes hungry for the evening. Don't pause favorite shows or games, just calmly move on with life. When he does come back out, you can say, "I'm so glad you've rejoined us, we are. . . " The key is that you cannot get emotional about it. When he finds you've turned off the game, or allowed the show he was watching to play through or that he has missed dinner or whatever, "I know, it is so sad your choices meant you had to miss out on _, maybe next time you'll find a constructive way to express your frustration." If you respond with emotion it is working for him. I think your question really has three parts to it (so my answer is quite long - sorry, but I really hope it helps), the most obvious question is, should I make him apologize? but there are two other key ingredients here too: Will my coldness when he doesn't apologize be harmful to him ultimately? and How do I get the tantrums to stop without being cold with or without a forced apology? She also understands through conversations about it, my modeling and enforced consequences, that the apology is only the first step. An apology without congruent follow-up actions becomes meaningless, just like promises broken multiple times makes future promises meaningless. It is up to her in a given situation to figure out what the follow up action would be. As an example, she once dropped my camera and it broke. It was completely an accident, but she offered to buy me a new one - that is a congruent follow up action. Of course I thanked her for her offer and didn't take any money from her since it was purely an accident but the thought was there. She understands that I feel, when a person makes a mistake that causes some one else a problem or hurt, we have to do our best to make up for it or some how make it right. Often, the first step in doing this, is communicating to that other person who was affected that you would like to make it right. This can come out as an, "I'm sorry" but there are other ways to communicate the feeling too. "I wish I had not acted that way," or "I regret my actions made you feel. . . " are two others. After this first experience, don't give him a hug every time, but if he starts in on a tantrum you might try, "I know you are frustrated that you can't have (said thing)." When used in combo with the "win-win" approach I am about to describe, you will teach your son the alternative way of communicating he needs. First, I want to express that I know this is hard but as parents there are certain times when taking a deep breath and taking a little time off isn't a luxury but a requirement. Get some time away from it all to decompress a little.