The debate over the nature of Avicenna's argument is reviewed by Mayer in Ibn Sina's ‘Burhan Al-Siddiqin’. Given its heterogeneous nature taxonomic disagreement among scholars is to be expected. For example, Davidson writes in Proofs for Eternity: 

As for the role of "nonsense" in accomplishing Tractatus's goals, there are two major competing readings. They are surveyed in Kuusela's Nonsense and Clarification in the Tractatus – Resolute and Ineffability Readings: 

Newton and Leibniz were more circumspect, however. Leibniz did contemplate actual infinity of existents, see Leibniz’s Actual Infinite by Arthur, but he was sufficiently impressed by Aristotelian arguments not to collect them into totalities like Cantor. Recent scholarship shows that Leibniz (as Fermat before him) treated infinitesimals as "useful fictions" (his wording), like Cardano's imaginary numbers, but not as purely nominal fictions of today, see Leibniz's Infinitesimals by Katz and Sherry: 

4) Time itself cannot serve as this permanent entity by reference to which I can determine the temporal order of my experiences. (premise) By the way, Quine was also closely associated with the circle in 1930s, and boy did he and Gödel break logical positivism. 

I think there is a correlation basis, although I am hesitant to call it philosophical. Let me reframe the issue: there is no doubt that social/cultural and fiscal liberalism are logically independent, so the question is why they are correlated in populations statistically. The reason can be psychological, or historical, or philosophical, or all three combined. It is well known that what is called "economic liberalism" in Europe corresponds to "fiscal conservatism" in the US, and the US "liberalism" is known there as "social democracy". This reflects an older alignment, cultural laissez-faire used to go with economic one, so the current alignment is not permanent. He explicitly rejected and mocked the dominant version of materialism of his day, atomism. As Nietzsche writes in Beyond Good and Evil:"As regards materialistic atomism, it is one of the best-refuted theories that have been advanced, and in Europe there is now perhaps no one in the learned world so unscholarly as to attach serious signification to it, except for convenient everyday use (as an abbreviation of the means of expression)". Moreover, he joined Hume in deflating the categories of substance and causality, along with the logical laws of identity and contradiction, all of which he saw as crutches of intellect clinging to the ephemeral stability of Being, and inadequate for capturing the Becoming of life, which only truly manifests itself in willings and urges:"Psychologists should bethink themselves before putting down the instinct of self-preservation as the cardinal instinct of an organic being. A living thing seeks above all to DISCHARGE its strength — life itself is WILL TO POWER". 

"Cultural Marxism" is a derogatory term coined by known conspiracy theorists, so I would not take their word seriously: 

Still, Nietzsche's mockery of "external world is the product of our organs" exaggerates even him. What British empiricists actually claimed, contrary to rationalists like Descartes and Leibniz, was that mind has no "innate ideas" or "rational intuition", and that all its content is the product of processing sensations. Apparently, Nietzsche's did not take kindly to the idea, but his "reductio" of sensualism does not work of course, and he suggests it half in jest. Technically, he equivocates on the word "product", sensualists use it epistemologically, while Nietzsche needs ontological meaning for his "reductio". 

The idea predates Stoics and is rooted in Greek mythology, the three Moirai ("apportioners"), goddesses of Fate, weave everybody's thread of life, and cut it, so that the nature may take its course without obstruction. Historians link beliefs in fate in many early societies to a largely helpless position of people who felt themselves like playthings at the mercy of external forces driven towards preordained ends. Heraclitus says for example that "eon [time] is like a child rolling dice, sometimes winning, sometimes losing". Of course he did. But I can not think of a justification available to Aristotle that wouldn't equally justify that Sun revolves around the Earth. Yet "Aristotle knew that Sun revolves around the Earth" would be seen as a misuse of "knew". Did Aristotle know that water is heavier than air? Sure, but to him it meant that the natural place of air is above the natural place of water. Are we still answering "yes"? Did he know that the universe is finite? Did Newton know the law of inertia? Keep in mind that to him inertial motion happened relative to the absolute space, and means of formulating the law without it weren't worked out until late 19th century. Did Eistein know about the dark energy? Cosmological constant was introduced to stabilize the universe, not to accelerate its expansion.