Listen and play music -- Not only can you dance, you can bang and clap and sing along. Kids love our singing and they don't care how good we are as long as we have fun. My students told me to make a CD -- and trust me -- no! There are tons of musical games. LINK Copy each other, musical chairs... "Head and Shoulders, Knees and Toes", "Hokey Pokey". Dance -- Dancing is patterning and rhythm making. These are important for language and coordination. It is also a heck of a lot of fun. Children develop at different rates. There are things you can do to encourage language. Finally, children also like to play with adults. This can be one to one or in a group. It is important that parents spend time playing with their children. It is fun. Let the kids set the pace and become a part of their world. No need to teach or preach, just enjoy the experience. Redirection is a parental behaviour management technique that helps to prevent injuries, and promotes desired behaviours. It furthers learning and exploration while reducing punishment and negativity. No one was forced to join us, and using a positive and welcoming manner, all my little 'flies came to the honey'. If you truly feel there is something else going on, then I suggest a trip to the doctor. It never hurts to get an opinion and usually they can calm your fears very quickly. All parents worry! Babies usually like to spend much of their time playing on their own. They are exploring all aspects of their environment from the sound of their own voice and the feel of their own body parts to those of others. They want to gaze upon, grab, suck and rattle any object that comes their way. Reading and making up stories -- Once upon a time there was a boy named X. He liked to go to the park, just like you. As his language increases let him choose the things or places in the story Let him point to pictures in the books you read. Solitary play – During this stage of play, children will often play alone, with toys different from those of others, and be uninterested or unaware of what others around them are doing. This stage of play is most commonly seen in young toddlers between the ages of 2 and 3, but it is important for children of all age groups to participate in from time to time. Solitary play is common at a young age because cognitive, physical and social skills have yet to fully develop. This type of play is important because it teaches children how to entertain themselves. on edit: This comment would depend on the maturity level of your 15 month old. In our home TV, and electronics are earned. We do what we need to do for ourselves and our family and then we can fill our free time with the things we like to do. This doesn't mean we work all day without breaks, but that we have certain things we do before those breaks occur. TV is a privilege, and not a right. I think your daughter could possibly understand that she has lost or earned TV by her own actions. Note: It is OK for kids to frequently engage in solitary play. However, the need to develop social and communication skills requires a balance. If a child ONLY plays by himself, it may indicate a problem. Don’t hesitate to talk to an expert such as your child’s pediatrician or teacher if you have concerns. 3 months to 6 months Babies are more likely to initiate social interaction. They begin to: Play peek-a-boo Pay attention to own name Smile spontaneously Laugh aloud You decide how much TV your child watches per day. If you allow an hour -- then make 3 green tokens and 3 red tokens. This show uses red tokens, that show uses green. You are the parent and you do control this aspect of your child's life. Day to day will depend of how organised you are and the well-being of your children. (My niece did not sleep through the night until she was six, though by five she could entertain herself and not disturb her parents. Now she's a teacher, so they do grow up and become independent.) You'll have to feed everyone and get them to school or daycare. You need to make arrangements for them being ill or school holidays. They have to be picked up after school and they'll need some free time activities or sports and homework time. There's bathing, reading and TV that is suitable for kids. There's watching them when they are on social media. Your free time is when they are safely asleep or in the care of another trusted adult. Weekends are about family activities. You and your wife might take turns sleeping late, but kids do not often sleep late. I loved these weekends, but if it isn't for you -- decide that ahead of time. If he has not met other age-appropriate milestones (crawling, sitting without support, standing, "cruising"), take your son to a pediatrician and be specific about why you are worried. A doctor has more information and expertise, and can take additional factors into account. Their experience wasn't traumatizing because of the alcoholism directly, but instead because of his incredibly bad parenting style. I have a good friend whose mother was an alcoholic, and her experience was different: her parent was rather distant and inattentive when drunk instead of being aggressive and frightening. I'd also suggest looking over Impact of Substance Abuse on Families (Chapter 2 of Substance Abuse Treatment and Family Therapy). I wouldn't perceive this as a lack of trust, necessarily. Rather, he is checking that you fulfill his request. I imagine that there are times you refuse unreasonable requests (such as too many sweets or staying up late), and so he's trying to learn what you will and won't do for him. Edited to add: I'm also realizing (from other comments and from considering my toddler's behavior) that part of it is imitating parenting. For example, if you tell him, "Let's go into this room," do you look to see that he's following? He's decided that's an expected part of the process, and therefore watches you! Earlier this afternoon I was filling a sippy cup for my son, and he said "Oh, good job, mommy," (the same inflection I use towards him!) and patted me on the shoulder when I handed him the cup.