The statement about the amount of sheeps is based on ahadith of different sahaba and tabi'in like Umm Kurz in sunan abi Dawod and sunan ibn Majah, Yusuf ibn Mahek in Jami' at-Tirmidhi, 'Aisha in Bulugh al-Maram where it says it was qualified as sahih by at-Tirmidhi and 'Amr ibn Suhaib in sunan abi Dawod. The ‘aqeeqah is a Sunnah mu’akkadah (confirmed Sunnah), two sheep on behalf of a boy, each of which should be acceptable as an udhiyah, and one sheep on behalf of a girl. It should be slaughtered on the seventh day, and if it is delayed until after the seventh day it is permissible to slaughter it at any time. There is no sin in delaying it, although it is preferable to do it sooner if possible. The Imams of the 4 Madhabs used to change their opinion fatwa/mdahab if they found a better proof from quran sunna etc.. Imam Shafi'a had two madhabs the old more likely to be like the madhab of his Teacher Imam Malik and the new adapted to the new Situation in Egypt which he had chosen as home which included some of the madhab of Imam al-Layth ibn Sa'ad. Imam Malik revised his Mowatta' many times. Imam abu Hanifa even paid or rewarded his students if they disagreed with him and could proof their point of view. Also note that if this hadith was sahih? Why did the Prophet () offer a cow as a sacrifice? (See for example sahih al-Bukhari and sahih Muslim). This is by far not the only contradiction to this hadith showing that the Prophet() ate cow meat (see for example in sahih al-Bukhari and sahih Muslim when he came close to Medina during his hijra, again in sahih al-Bukhari and sahih Muslim where he accepted it as sadaqa) some conclude from it that qiraan is recommended for those who come from far away! Umar ibn al-Khattab said, "A woman is only married with the consent of her guardian, someone of her family with sound judgement or the Sultan. (Muwatta' - Al Imam Malik) This article might also be relevant. Also note that these rules of the EU apply only in case of a regular slaughtering that means for slaughtering for further sale! In this case usually a veterinary is present in would control everything so the chance of an animal dying for the quoted reasons isn't high! I know that many Muslims buy animals directly from farmers and perform the slaughtering on site (without consulting a veterinary, this would be halal slaughtering, but is it safe?)! Muhammad ibn Idriss al-Shafi'i As far as I know the Islamic state has mostly developed in the time of the caliphs and the later dynasties. But surely there must be some sources that might have guided and inspired what we now may call an Islamic state or government. A state always relies on a taxation system to pay clerks etc. so what other sources for state finance are there in Islam except for jizya (based on 9:29) and zakat (based on 9:60)? An important advice in talaq matters you should in any case consult a scholar! The evidences for those who said it is only morally najis. There is a rule saying: any najis is haram, but not everything which is haram is najis" so alcohol is haram and not najis until there's a strong evidence for that. They also used the fact that Muslims have spilled it on the roads and markets when it was prohibited (see for example here) without cleaning the Jars etc. afterwards, so if it was najis they wouldn't have spilled it on the roads as one could conclude from this hadith. And they also added some comments on the evidences of their "opponents" saying that in verse (5:90) the defilement is a practical one not as this Of course if one doesn't trust all of this we can eat and buy fish or become a vegetarian ;) This is based on this two fatwas in Arabic: Sistani even says that alcohol of less then 2% can be drunk (in context of medicine I guess). Al-Haeri on page 88, Question 40: says that beer without alcohol is halal to drink if it didn't have contact to alcohol. In Question 39 (same page) he allows cleaning lesions with alcohol! In 5:4-5 you can read what is allowed for us and more exactly in 5:5 you'll find: Here the point is that logic says that the bones of the arms rest properly when they are at the sides, note that among those sahaba whom witnessed this was abu Qatadah one of the narrators of the putting right hand over left hand! Ibn Hajjar al-'Asqalani could quote the names of 6 out of these 10 sahaba, among them was abu Hurairah,sahl ibn Sa'ad and Muhammad ibn Maslamah! Also note that abu Dawod heard the hadith from Ahmad ibn Hanbal himself!