So ultimately, we say, Allah knows best. As to your exact question, why would there be an issue in questioning this? Scholars have written tomes on benefits of different 'ibaadat. In fact, rasulullah (salallahu alayhi wa sallam) said in one hadith: Birthdays are something many people in many cultures celebrate individually. If there isn't a shari'ee prohibition on it, then it becomes a question of culture. Therefore, if it's part of your culture to celebrate it, you have no reason preventing you from celebrating it. The word Islam comes from the root letters seen, laam, meem. Islam does not mean peace, but it means submission. That is, a Muslim (Arabic equivalent of "Islam-er", or one who does Islam) is someone who submits their will and desires, their actions and beliefs, everything, to almighty Allah. From Usool ul-Fiqh, we learn that "all actions (which are not acts of worship) are halal until proven haram." The default ruling would apply here: you would assume that it's okay, unless shari'ah puts some conditions or exclusions on it. So again, sometimes we know, and sometimes we don't know, the reasons and benefits. We only need to submit; we can definitely investigate and find out if we are able to. Some exclusions do exist. Consider this hadith: This is precisely what Prophet Ibrahim said in the Qur'an: An additional ruling that would apply here would be the ruling of mixed gatherings. Islam in general does not permit mixing of genders without a very solid reason. This is pretty well-known; you can find an extensive list of proofs in this IslamQA fatwa. Their introduction says: As for "ahlul kitab" and people of the book, they are a brand of non-Muslims who have special favour in Islamic law -- we can eat their meat, marry their women, etc. Note that these are all personal actions. Question: If a wife marries an already married man knowing he cannot do justice between his wives, is she blameworthy? Behaviour that is likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress to other users contrary to the Public Order Act 1986 And it seems reasonable to believe that Muslims are expected to obey the law even if they are 100% guaranteed to get away with disobeying the law. Question: Does telling people you have an academic credential amount to arrogance? Vegetarian foods relating to other religions, such as hot cross buns, easter eggs, communion wafers, may be considered haram to eat; see e.g. AskImam. A food/drink being vegetarian eliminates the extra preclusions when consuming meat and animal products (Qur'an 2:173, 5:3, 6:121, 6:145). A food/drink being vegetarian makes is much easier for it to be halal, although there's some exceptions: The Qur'an verse relating to polygyny is: Some brands of soy sauce contain sufficient alcohol to render it haram. In fact, Allah the Exalted affirms this in Qur'an. This rule therefore applies to the Jews and the Christians about whom we don’t know whether or not they have mentioned Allah’s name or not because their slaughtered meat is halal [permissible] to us. More: Elaborate rulings on Insurance Narrated by al-Tirmidhi (2664). He said: It is hasan ghareeb with this isnaad. It was classed as hasan by al-Albaani in al-Silsilah al-Saheehah (2870) Shaykh ‘Abd-Allaah ibn Jibreen was asked what if the commercial insurance is compulsory and cannot be avoided. As far as the methodology of the slaughtering we do not inquire about the method because if an action has occurred min ahlihi [at the hands of those suited to perform such an act] the conditions surrounding that act are not asked about. Allah also says in the same chapter: “Today I have made permissible for you that which is good and wholesome and the food of those who were sent the Scripture is permissible to you and your food is permissible to them.”