Say, "this is not going to help you get what you want. When you are ready to calm down come see me". Then walk away. A child should not get ANYTHING for their tantrums, attention included. If you are in a public space and can't walk away, simply pick up the child and go to a safe place where you can sit and read or something while the child finishes his/her fit. If you are consistent and the tantrums stop working for your child, the tantrums will stop. Has anyone else experienced this? what did you do? Play games like "down by the bay" where you have to come up with sets of words that rhyme to make it funny. There are tons of "games" you can play with words that encourage rhyme like this. Do this in the car or while waiting for an appointment. Do it often. The first thing I would consider would be a discussion if you haven't had one with him already. This discussion should take place at any time when you can take your time with him and when it is not inspired by finding him in the act of humping your brother's legs. The fact that he is changing the subject is a sign he is embarassed and/or confused. He may not fully understand what he is doing and why. I spend a lot of time caring for a three-year-old that is a pretty picky eater. However, the stuff he does eat is generally fairly healthy stuff. Lately he has started gagging on food he isn't sure about before he tries them. Normally, I'd just continue with the "you need to try it" thing (as would his mother - her parenting style is actually quite similar to mine which is REALLY nice!) However, the thing about this one is that they are honest gags followed by coughing and sometimes even a little throw-up. I think he just gets himself so worked up in his head about how it will be awful that then when he tries the thing it really is that awful. Trust is a tough concept for kids too, but if, after a discussion like that, he still doesn't want to apologize, he'll have to suffer the consequences of lost trust. Maybe it will mean you don't want to wrestle or rough house anymore - until he shows that he can learn where the boundaries between fun rough-housing and hurtful rough-housing are. He'll have to answer the question, "how do I get dad's trust back?" He can answer it through an apology or maybe he'll come up with another good alternative, but this is a more true-to-life consequence that will teach him a lot about interpersonal intelligence in the end. It is probably one he will learn in multiple ways at multiple times throughout his growing. He is taking the diaper off because he is uncomfortable. BIG SIGNAL that is time to potty train and a really good reason not to force him to stay in it. How well do you sleep if you are uncomfortable anyway? Ask him to sit on the potty about 15 minutes before naptime. While he sits, read stories, play clapping games, sing songs etc so that it is fun to be there. He may not poop, but he might and he'll most likely at least pee if he is relaxed enough. Don't sit so long waiting that he becomes uncomfortable, but at least give him the chance to "get it out" before nap so that he isn't laying in a mess during nap. This may help temendously with potty training as well anyway. Leave enough time to still do your regular nap time routine after the potty part. Put him in pull ups (during naps only, regular pants the rest of the time so he can still feel the wetness) and let him get up during nap to use the potty if he "feels the need". Let him know he should come get you. That way you can help clean him up without a huge mess if he is waking up dirty. I know it means an interruption to nap and that sucks, but if he gets the hang of potty training relatively quickly this will only go on for a month or two. You may be concerned he will begin to use this as an excuse not to take a nap and the reality is that MIGHT happen, if it does you can cross that bridge when it comes. Even if you waited, this issue will arise eventually anyway. In a classroom of 20 "2's" we always had 1 or 2 kids for whom this became an issue (true in the threes as well). It is just one of the realities of toddlerhood some parents must find a way to deal with. Once he is fully potty trained you can say things like, "you should only need to get up to go potty once". . . Expect him to sleep later and alter his sleep schedule if needed to help avoid bowel movements during sleep. It is a tough transition that affects sleep, your entire schedule really and means messes and accidents for awhile, but think about this: once you bite the bullet and make the transition, you won't be buying diapers anymore, (although you'll still be lugging around a big bag of kid stuff), having to find places to stop and change the diaper will be in the past and although you will still need to find potties, you can plan ahead by asking him to go when you ARE near a potty. This will reduce accidents, rushing around in a panic, and is an introduction to teaching him about "planning ahead" for other things in life too.