A - Depends on who you ask and your organization may have guidance on this. Personally I never do this because it tends to hide tasks that may be on the critical path. 

A - It's the longest path of tasks to either a deadline or the last task in the project. 

Hope that helps! (please mark whichever answer you find the most suitable as the answer) 

Hopefully these questions stimulate a conversation & some reflection on the tool. As you know MS Project is very rich and thus very complex. There is almost always more than one way to do anything. 

Q - Have you used resource leveling? What are the pitfalls? 

Q - How does MS Project determine a task is on the critical path? 

Almost at the bottom of that menu, next row to the last, should be a selection for Display AutoFilter. 

Then look for the Filter drop down. It's about in the middle and has a little funnel next to it. 

Second is the idea of "natural" -vs- "workable" days. I would call those calendar days and working days. These kinds of restrictions are set up by creating different calendars or just putting different periods of working days or non-working days in whatever calendar you are using. 

Please mark this as answered if it at least tells you what you needed to know. 

Then ... you can assign one calendar to a task. MS Project does not support calendar assignments to predecessor / successor links. That would be pretty complex and would require additional settings for which calendar to honor if the tasks and the links had calendars assigned. I digress. 

A - Usually the answer is to set up a custom text field with a pick list, assign the team names to the tasks, filter on that field and either print to PDF or export to Excel. A more advanced solution is to create a custom view. 

Q - Do you prefer auto schedule or manual & why? 

Q - Tell me two ways to filter in Project. 

Based on the use case my solution would be to put a tasks in for pouring, allowing the concrete to set, and installing the pipe for each section. (I assume set time is the reason for the 5 day wait) 

A - If total slack is <= 0 it's on the critical path. Depending on the version this can be configured. 

Q - How do you make MS Project information available and understandable for non PM team members? 

A - Again more of a discussion point. The biggest pitfall can be that leveling can push tasks around time wise if it's not set correctly. Most folks don't like that. 

A - Typically this will involve views printed to PDF, exports to Excel, sometimes people have experienced Project Server and the answer will involve web based reports. 

To do this with the menus do this. 

A - "Small" projects. To me that means not more than 50 tasks and not more than a month or two in duration. An exception here is if it's a program that is made up of many small projects that all need to be linked to show critical path or reporting across the program (or portfolio) 

Q - Say someone wants a custom view for their team, how might you do that? 

Click on that and the auto filter arrows should get turned back on. 

A - One is with the Auto Filters. Two is to create a custom filter. 

The advantage of the 2nd way is you can copy/paste at the summary task level to more easily replicate many pipe sections. 

The short answer is no. You are asking about two concepts neither of which works in MS Project. I want to be sure I address each. 

A - Again, more of a discussion point. There are reasons that both make sense. I use auto and sometimes set constraints on a tasks by task basis. Small schedules sometimes are better off with manual scheduling. The more experienced someone is with MS Project the more likely, I believe, they are to use automatic scheduling.