I read it as follows: a) There may occur ‘controversial social issues’. b) These issues may raise or reveal issues in the social customs/habits, i.e. in ethics. c) When these issues are addressed ‘in a reflective and responsible way’ (probably: abstract/general considerations?), we speak about morals, i.e. a field in that ethics is reflected upon. TL;DR No, moral acts are definitely not beautiful for Kant. They are objects of respect (as consistent through all works on practical philosophy by Kant), which is to some extend similar, but actually more a kind of the sublime. By virtue of judging it as a case of morality, you exclude the mere reflection on the intuition that is kantian beauty simply because of the alteration of the object of reflection. In some sense, tolerance is a direct outcome of respect. Respect in the kantian (and most philosophical) meaning(s) is not to be confused with the feeling of sympathy. You do not have to like a person in order to respect her. For Kant, respect is due to the dignity every moral agent (i.e. person) has. And you do not have to think that there is a God to act respectful towards religious persons and their religious sentiments. See more modern approaches like Rawls or Axel Honneth's Theory of Acknowledgement which are also working with respect. It is not disrespectful to say that you think that their belief is wrong, it is disrespectful to say that your truth is objective and they are talking nonsense. But when, completing his analysis, and cruel labour of vivisection, Machiavelli proceeds to draw his conclusions, then at last the practical side and real aim of his work are clearly seen. It is a question of achieving the unity of his Italian motherland and of delivering it from foreign rule. This was certainly the holiest of objects; but Machiavelli well knew that in the conditions in which Italy and Europe were then involved it would be impossible to achieve that object without recurring to the immoral means practiced by the statesmen of his time. Pursued by this idea, and dominated by this theme, Machiavelli did not pause to disentangle the scientific, general and permanent aim of his book from the practical aim and transitory means, apparently and, it may be, really essential to its achievement at that moment. It is needful, he said in the conclusion, to dare all things, and in view of the grandeur and sacredness of the end, to yield to no scruples. Solely by the formation of a united, powerful, and independent nation can Italy acquire liberty, virtue and true morality. This is an enterprise only to be undertaken by a Prince–reformer, and by means suggested and imposed by history and experience. The people must afterwards complete and consolidate it by liberty, by national arms, by public and private virtue. (pp. 176-7 note 38, citing Pasquale Villari, Niccolò Machiavelli e i suoi tempi; English translation by Madame Linda Villari, The Life and Times of Niccolò Machiavelli, London, T. Fisher Unwin, 1892, vol. I, p. 196) That is sublime which pleases immediately through its resistance to the interest of the senses. As we speak here of an inadequacy ('unsuitability' in the quote above) of our capacity, respect clearly is a case of the sublime. Beware: Point 3) in the examination of the analogy speaks of "accordance" rather than inadequacy and rightfully so. Because while we are definately inadequate in our capacity to match the foundational moral law (as we are not able to fully act in accordance to it everytime and categorically), we are able to imagine an accordance in particular cases (which is the reason for our moral feeling). There is no contradiction here! [moral] literally "pertaining to manners," coined by Cicero ("De Fato," II.i) to translate Greek ethikos (see ethics) from Latin mos (genitive moris) "one's disposition," in plural, "mores, customs, manners, morals," a word of uncertain origin. Source What does Kant actually write in the mentioned section? In German, the text can be found here. The question may be reformulated as "Should I be dogmatic?". The objective principle (after which the subject ought to act by virtue of being rational) may therefore become the subjective principle of a given subject simply by the subject itself, in choosing it as its principle of acting. In this way there arises the idea of a twofold metaphysics, a metaphysics of nature and a metaphysics of morals. Physics will thus have its empirical, but also a rational part; so too will ethics, though here the empirical part might in particular be called practical anthropology, the rational part actually moral science. (GMM, 4:388) As I have no translation in English at hand, I will paraphrase the main point: Conclusion That means that 'respect' has some aspects of beauty (also see first point), but does not express the feeling of an accordance with our capacities, but a shortfalling (as finite beings), and is therefore some kind of the sublime. But the main difference to both of them is the objectiveness of the (grounds of the) judgement, as the object of beauty as well as the sublime is different (intuitions/representations vs. morality as a concept, see 1) in the remarks on the analogy). They are therefore destinct, but purposive, as they each acquaint with one of what is both part of the moral feeling, i.e. respect. Subjective principle in the Groundwork Let me quote the footnote that actually defines what subjective principle actually means for Kant: