The Magna Carta was reaffirmed, if modified, during the reign of his infant son Henry III, and it is this "modified" form that has remained in force. King John started his family late in life, which may have offered another important advantage to the nobles. 

Admittedly, the examples below are with muskets, not archery, but you'll get the idea. 

Much later, the heads of Brandenburg and Saxony also called themselves "kings." That is, the Elector of Brandenburg became "king of Prussia" after that domain merged with Prussia, while the Elector of Saxony also became King of Poland in a "personal union." But there were no "second" kingdoms totally within the Holy Roman Empire itself. And in the 17th century, Bohemia became part of the Austro-Hungarian empire, part of which was not in the Holy Roman Empire. 

Ironically, King John championed the cause of (free) "common" men against the nobles. Some of his policies against the nobles were a milder version of the "Reductions" (of noble land and power) undertaken successfully by Swedish kings in the 17th and 18th centuries. John also made it possible for "freemen" to sue the nobles and win, setting important precedents in "case" law from cases that he personally decided. ("The enemy of my enemy is my friend.") Thus, he offered common people a measure of protection from nobles (unlike the case in e.g. France) even as his signature on the Magna Carta put limits on his own royal power vis-a-vis the nobles. 

Originally, there were seven electors of the Holy Roman Emperor, three ecclesiastical, and four temporal. These were called "prince-electors," and were the highest ranking dignitaries of the Holy Roman Empire other than the Emperor himself. 

This is the story of Harald Fairhair in the late 9th century. Harald inherited one of a number of petty kingdoms west of modern Oslo. He proposed marriage to Gyda, the daughter of King Erik of a nearby kingdom of similar size. She wanted to be queen of Norway, so she refused to marry anyone who was not king of "all" Norway. 

Modern "walkers" would include author James Michener, and I believe, Ernest Hemingway. 

In one unusual circumstance, when the Count von Bohlen married Bertha Krupp (of the Krupp arms house), the man (von Bohlen) was asked by the Kaiser to add his wife's surname, Krupp, to his own. They became the Krupp von Bohlens. 

The Magna Carta went far beyond e.g. the 14th century Golden Bull of the Holy Roman Empire (which guaranteed noble and church representation in government). The Magna Carta protected nobles personally, not just governmentally, against arbitrary taxation and feudal levies, and illegal imprisonment and sentencing without trial by jury. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Normans 

Merchants weren't particularly well respected, but they were tolerated, and were allowed to live a bit outside the usual rules because they performed an essential (trading) service. 

This Jewish source characterizes Muslim rule in Spain during the Middle Ages as being "kind" by contemporary standards, but not by modern standards. Jews and Christians in Spain lived in a "second class citizenship," denied certain prvileges, but also free of "ghettoes," forced conversions, and outright persecution. Their fate in Moslem Spain was much better than under the Reconquista and Inquisition of the "Catholic" Ferdinand and Isabella. In fact, after the Jews were expelled from Spain in 1492, many of them fled to North Africa. 

A manor was a basic feudal unit of land, granted by the king to an underling and to his successors in perpetuity. Once it was granted by the king, it did not need to be re-granted every time it changed hands. 

As "Vikings," the Normans were good SHIP builders. Once they reached land, it wasn't much of a stretch for them to transfer their skills to building churches and other buildings. 

This example is "European" although not "Middle Ages." Nero executed (or murdered) his mother. He was widely regarded as "mad," and was considered in history as a negative example. 

Some of his men elected to return home (to Mongolia), using the longer route around the western shore of the Caspian Sea. That brought them into further conflict with the Cumans (a Turkish people in South Russia), who were allied with the Khwarezemids. While fighting the Cumans near the Volga, the Mongols incurred the wrath of the Kievan Rus. (The Cuman king was the father in law of one of the Ukrainian princes.) So the Kievans began fighting the Mongols, who had offered them peace.