Everyone should be considered: You should determine whether there are people whose state you are ignoring, or whose autonomy you are infringing. Duties should not conflict: You should always see if some competing rule is more likely to be universalized. All good wills should agree: When you have refined the thought you should try to imagine an arbitrary person of good will and see if they would be harmed in any way. The intention should be simple (not easy): At the same time, you should make the maxim itself as broad as possible, and exclude accidental conditions. (Accidental conditions render the maxim not 'categorical' enough.) The statement should be forthright: This is less important, but to my mind, it implies avoiding negation (especially negation of negative terms) and using simple terms and minimal grammar. If you can make changes on any of these fronts, you should modify the maxim and try again. 

From a Kuhnian point of view, a group of definitions, statistics, and laws holds together into an organized whole, that he calls a paradigm. Paradigms shift, when the paradigm starts failing to cover known data, or begins to have odd limitations on its explanations. 

The retained narratives become what you are modeling as intuition, as only retained material can incorporate parts of itself into the contending narratives currently in play. 

The proposed maxim is naturally universal, once you state it completely, specifying the role of the person who is to do the action. If you do it the other way, you are simply doing a different dance. In fact simple definitions and logical tautologies are always immediately universal. So they basically lack ethical content. 

But it needs enough specificity to be generalized. You are not obligated to help people. There are situations in which you do not need help, would not appreciate it, and it might make you dependent or less efficient. You are not obligated not to hurt people. There are situations when hurting people is necessary -- Kant would not refuse to perform surgery. Whatever rules should guide you in these situations are going to rely more on what kind of help or harm is in question. 

But 'beauty' does qualify. Doing something with others well is a form of beauty, even if that thing is competition. So it is probably universalizable to say that if you join in a communal endeavor, you should intend to do as well as possible. Everyone can apply that to their own behavior. So to the degree that choosing beauty is done competitively, we are all still fine with most forms of competition. 

(Warning, this is a very idiosyncratic answer, and my favorite topic...) 

So as given, the statement is not expressed in a form we can reasonably make any a priori deduction about, for pretty much the reason we have ultimately given it up (since gravity in general relativity is an aspect of space, and not a force per se). 

This answer feels too abstract; so could someone please concretise or reify it? 

I agree, and so do not challenge here, that 3 is analytic; as the etymology of 'analytic' suggests, the meaning of the sentence must be 'loosened up' from the sentence that itself must be 'loosened up' by examining each word. 

How do you achieve or realise 1 (this new method of thought and perception for daily life)? The above translation and Blackburn do not exemplify or advise how to try it in practice. 

I am conjecturing that a) is incorrect because they can be performed by humans and so are Phenomenal. 

This is the element that Kant calls "transcendental idealism". He is very keen that it is not the "subjective idealism" of Berkeley. And obviously, it cannot be the "transcendental realism" of Locke. So what is it? 

[1.] A similar experiment can be tried in metaphysics, as regards the intuition of objects. If intuition must conform to the constitution of the objects, I do not see how we could know anything of the latter a priori; but if the object (as object of the senses) must conform to the constitution of our faculty of intuition, I have no difficulty in conceiving such a possibility. 

But as 1 and 2 appear to contradict each other, I question whether 3 is a posteriori. Why need I any visual experience of reudh, or any colour, to understand 3? If, never having seen reudh, I am told that 'rouge' means the exact same thing as 'red', then I will have understood the equivalence of the nouns 'red' and 'rouge' (though I still will not know how reubh appears).