I don't think that it is possible to generalise. 

The legions were increasingly being recruited from the provinces, rather than consisting of men from Rome. Even by the 2nd century BC, many of these provinces were beginning to demand full Roman political status commensurate with their role in maintaining the empire. This would result in the the Social War in 91-88 BC. In the Islamic world, alcohol was (and is) prohibited under Sharia law. This is often interpreted as prohibiting all intoxicants (not only alcohol). Despite that, the practice of hashish smoking seems to have continued throughout the history of Islam (against varying degrees of resistance at different times and in different places). 

Presumably Durusha spent whatever daylight remained redeploying his forces in preparation for an attack on Thutmose's position the following day. Furthermore, in his trial against Verres in 70 BC, Cicero called several women as witnesses. In his speech, he shamed Verres for having forced him to compel respectable women to appear in court to testify against him. Cicero's objection here is clearly against disturbing women of station, and not against trusting their testimony, otherwise why would he have called them as witnesses? While translations like the ones in Breasted (pp 175-192) and Lichtheim (pp 29-35) are excellent resources for the study of the Battle of Megiddo (not to mention the study of ancient Egypt in general), they can sometimes create the impression that we know far more detail than is actually the case. In addition to the image of the coffin included in the dissertation, a quick Google search found this image which clearly shows the winged sun disk inlayed on the end of the coffin. 

What do we know about how events transpired? 

So, for now (in the absence of contradictory evidence from other sites), it seems that we can say with some confidence that the ancestors of the Tarim mummies originated in the steppes of southern Siberia. 

As the inscription states, the Egyptian army could use the time to prepare for the battle the following day, which they did. Obviously we can't know for certain, but it seems likely that any garrison left in Megiddo would have been relatively small. King Durusha needed his forces in numbers in the field, ready to attack Thutmose. Any garrison remaining in the town would probably have been far too small to offer any effective resistance to the Egyptian army. The final part of your question, asked whether any ancient kingdoms (not including the Chinese opium wars) had problems with the citizens abusing drugs? Other towns are explicitly named in the texts. If Thutmose had stayed in Jerusalem, why wouldn't the scribes have simply said so? Why would they just describe it as a "fort"? Besides, Jerusalem is far to the south of Megiddo. The text states explicitly that the fort was to the east. There is nothing to say whether the fort was one captured before the siege, or built by the Egyptians themselves as part of their siege-works. Personally, I suspect the latter, but once again, the texts are not explicit. However, the following year, Shapur I suffered a massive defeat at the hands of Odaenathus of Palmyra and his forces were driven out of Mesopotamia. 

Breasted, James Henry: Ancient Records of Egypt Volume 2: The Eighteenth Dynasty, University of Illinois, 1906 Most pre-Roman languages of the Western Empire weren't written languages (neither were the languages of the 'barbarian invaders' that replaced Rome in the West), so we have less evidence of how well they survived alongside vulgar Latin. That they did continue in use through the Roman period, however, is shown by the survival of the Welsh and Cornish languages for example. The earliest use of opiates that I'm aware of in Europe dates to the Bronze Age. On Crete, excavations of what appear to be "shrines" dating to the Minoan Post-Palace period (1,400 - 1,100BCE) have discovered figurines that Professor Spyridon Marinatos described as the "Poppy Goddess". A careful examination of the poppies confirms that they were the shape and colour of the opium poppy [S. Marinatos, 'The Minoan goddesses of Gazi', Journal of Archaeology (Greece) 1937, Vol. I, pp. 278-291].