The player being replaced is not injured, and doesn't time get added on to make up for the time lost for the substitution to take place? Indeed, these provides the stats/data that was asked for in the question, but as for reasons why, I'll leave others to answer! Motivating his fellow players (although I'm not sure how important this is; I'm unsure how a captain that is a goalkeeper can motivate his players.) Keeping a cool head. Calming down fellow players when things get a little heated (obviously this is something all players can do, but it's something you expect the captain to lead). Furthermore (and perhaps most importantly in the current day) they act as a medium between fellow players and the officials. Gone (or going) are the days where an entire team of players surround the officials to try influence a decision. Instead you tend to see the (outfield) captain making his point of view heard to the referee. Similarly, you often see the captain being a medium between a referee and a player in the event a player gets pulled up... ensuring the player keeps a cool head and a fair conversation takes place (from his point of view :P). Off the field their most important role is that they are one of the most recognised people of the team; the manager, then the captain. They are the leaders of the team, and (rightly or wrongly) the teams public image can be strongly affected based on the image and actions of these people. The other players in the squad inevitably fall behind these two people. Of course, all members of the squad are public facing, and should act as such, but this is even more so for the captain. Being extremely interested in this myself, I used data taken from the English 2010-2011 season in the Premier League, Championship and divisions 1 and 2, to compile the following statistics; I often see the manager of a winning team making substitutions as the end of the game nears (sometimes as late as during injury time). So, what are the tactics behind this? Is it related to giving the player another cap? (perhaps pay related for an appearance?) Is it a mind-game to try and break up a run of play which may have been in the opponents favour? Of course like any big organisation, they have running expenses as well which include; However, football-related expenses includes; The referee tosses a coin and the team whose captain wins the toss decides whether to take the ﬁ rst or the second kick [In the event of a penalty shootout...] If one team has a greater number of players than its opponents, it must reduce its numbers to equate with that of its opponents and the team captain must inform the referee of the name and number of each player excluded. Any player thus excluded may not participate in kicks from the penalty mark. [On the subject of dissent...] The captain of a team has no special status or privileges under the Laws of the Game but he has a degree of responsibility for the behaviour of his team. However, outside of the laws, it is often expected the captain has the responsibility of...