"Exactly as God knew I would before the ages," replied the saint. "He foreordained the circumstances of my life, which is guarded by providence." The saint said, "He foreknew our thoughts, words, and deeds, which nevertheless remain within our power to control; and He foreordained what befalls us. The latter is not subject to our control, but to the divine will." New Revelation - this group believes that the KJV translation was a new revelation from God. This view is often called "Ruckmanism", after it's primary adherent, Peter Ruckman It should be noted that there is a corresponding online version of the Greek for the New Testament, but I prefer the Apostolic Bible for the NT. Then there's 1 Corinthians 6:9-11 and 1 Timothy 1:8–10, which refer to sexual sin on a more general basis. Those previous three are pretty solid references, though. Received text only - this belief states that the original manuscripts used by the KJV translation were supernaturally better than the ones we have today. If you want "hard-core", you might want to look into the Apostolic Bible: Ezekiel even talks about this event here: Did God know that Adam and Eve would fall? Yes, he knew but Adam and Even weren't perfect. God allowed them to suffer the consequences of their choices. If he prevented them from suffering for their choices, they would not have free will! Also related to this is the regulations regarding the passover lamb: There's an entire Wikipedia post regarding this subject. (Thus it's my source as it's easily referenced.) 2 Genesis 18-19 has the story of Sodom and Gomorrah, where homosexuality was a big part of their culture. The town was destroyed for their wickedness. It's a solid resource for the New Testament. For the Old Testament, I like to use the Online Hebrew Interlinear Bible The King James Only movement are people and churches that believe that the King James version is the only one to use. They have various reasons for this. Looking at the account of Sodom and Gomorrah, we have to either conclude it was homosexuality that was detestable, or something that was not written about. But why would Moses have included homosexuality in Genesis if it weren't the "detestable thing" for which God was destroying the city? In fact, if it wasn't one of the primary reasons for God destroying the cities, why write about it at all? It simply becomes another attribute of the city. 1 Leviticus 20:13 is the first: God allowed Abraham to go up to the point of sacrificing his child, but not to actually do it. It was a test of Abraham's. And Abraham was better because of the test. "My lord, you know all this," answered Saint Maximus. "You only ask to try your servant." The textual argument - people who believe that the KJV translation is more accurate because it's based on better manuscripts "Explain more exactly what is in our power, and what is not," requested Bishop Theodosius. It's hard (if not impossible) to separate the destruction of Sodom from the concept of homosexuality. Ultimately, it's not a denominational thing, but either a doctrinal issue (that extends beyond denominational decrees) or a preference. Inspired Translation - this group believes that there was inspiration behind the translation and that it was, therefore, inspired by God whereas other translations are not.