The key word is "airborne". Once the kick has bounced, it is no longer considered airborne. If the onside attempt is a "pooch" (short high kick), then even if no one signals for a fair catch the kicking team would be penalized if they interfered. By Section 1, Article 1, item 2: Note that "airborne" and "in flight" are not explicitly clarified anywhere in the NFL rules that I can find. A high bouncing kick could be construed as airborne by the dictionary definition; in fact, the NCAA has recently made exactly this decision: According to NFL.com's Freakonomics series, no. The NFL Official Casebook clarifies the issue. The NFL has banned calling two or more consecutive timeouts; I don't know if that would be more effective or not, but it would certainly be annoying to fans. So spiking is legal only if the snap was not fumbled, unlike the NFL. Let me quote from the rule you have cited. Rule 10, Section 2, Article 1 of the NFL Rules: The NFL has no such rule, though. The rules make a special exception for the case of a kick holder, or else place kicks would be nearly impossible to execute. The NCAA has a similar rule (rule 7, section 3, article 2 of the NCAA rules): A recent Grantland article suggests that the only reason coaches still try icing is that from their standpoint, it's low-risk and high-reward. Everybody "knows" icing the kicker is what to do, so if they try and fail, it's no big deal, while if they try and succeed, they're "geniuses" – even though the data points more towards luck. Take a look at this fake extra point Oregon executed for a 2 point conversion in the 2011 BCS championship game. Note how the holder comes out of his crouch and does not have his knee touching the ground when he receives the football. There have been two men in recent history who have managed to play both professional baseball and professional football at the same time. Deon Sanders and Bo Jackson. These lists are compiled, and posted on major sports websites. Until this year, these polls were factored into the computer rankings that determined which two teams would compete for the national championship. This year, four teams will be selected to compete, and these polls may or may not factor into the decision making process. A 4-2-5 is mostly regularly played in college where spread offenses are very common and you need more defensive backs to combat the prolific passing game. However, on long third down situations, this is also a fairly common defense in pro football. For instance, one version of this formation is the one you will hear referred to as the "Nickel Package.", in which you have 3 corner backs and 2 safeties. However, there are other version of this defense played in the NFL where you will have 3 safeties and 2 corners. Anyone can put together a power rankings. Generally the major ones are a single, or small set of journalists ranking the best teams. There are a number of factors here, but let's examine what the two are, so we can make sure we know how apples to oranges this comparison really is. Additionally, there is a specific excpetion for the holder on a scrimmage kick These are official polls done by major new organizations. The two major polls are the AP poll and the USA Today poll. Rule 8, section 2, article 1 of the NFL Rules: Because it's specifically permitted by the intentional grounding rule. The NFL Official Casebook clarifies the issue. The NCAA has a similar rule (rule 7, section 3, article 2 of the NCAA rules): e. The passer to conserve time throws the ball directly to the ground (1) after the ball has already touched the ground; or (2) not immediately after controlling the ball. The key word is "airborne". Once the kick has bounced, it is no longer considered airborne. If the onside attempt is a "pooch" (short high kick), then even if no one signals for a fair catch the kicking team would be penalized if they interfered. By Section 1, Article 1, item 2: The NFL has no such rule, though. The NFL has banned calling two or more consecutive timeouts; I don't know if that would be more effective or not, but it would certainly be annoying to fans. According to NFL.com's Freakonomics series, no. So spiking is legal only if the snap was not fumbled, unlike the NFL. Again, note the qualification "in flight". This is why most onside kickers attempt to either roll the ball along the ground or kick it down hard so that it bounces high. A high bouncing kick is ideal, since the bouncing is likely to slow it down enough that the kicking team can get into position and block the receivers. A recent Grantland article suggests that the only reason coaches still try icing is that from their standpoint, it's low-risk and high-reward. Everybody "knows" icing the kicker is what to do, so if they try and fail, it's no big deal, while if they try and succeed, they're "geniuses" – even though the data points more towards luck. Note that "airborne" and "in flight" are not explicitly clarified anywhere in the NFL rules that I can find. A high bouncing kick could be construed as airborne by the dictionary definition; in fact, the NCAA has recently made exactly this decision: