The attack itself was conducted first by Airplanes, one of which reportedly identified the ship to be American. Then by patrol boat at close quarters. And finally, by helicopter. 

In December 1901, partly as a result of the death toll in the camps, and partly in response to political pressure resulting from the outcry against the camps back in the UK, Kitchener stopped placing women and children in the camps and issued orders that they should be left with the Boer guerrilla fighters. Obviously, this policy had the additional strategic benefit of further hampering the enemy in the field. 

Immediately after the Dunkirk evacuation was completed, Lt. Col. G P Orde compiled a list of all the vessels involved, using all available sources (remember that some of the 'Little Ships' were privately owned vessels that were not officially requisitioned, but which had had just "followed the fleet" to help out with the rescue). Even so, he acknowledged that there may still have been omissions. 

I do know that Yugoslavia was one of the countries that provided financial and materiel assistance to the MPLA before the civil war actually broke out in 1975. They may even have provided military training before 1975 (although I thought that training was provided by the USSR). On page 519 of Into the Storm: American Covert Involvement in the Angolan Civil War, Shannon Butler observes: 

You mentioned the example of the war between the monasteries of Taghmon and Ferns in 817. In that case, Cathal mac Dúnlainge, a king of the Uí Cheinnselaig of South Leinster, allied with the monastery of Taghmon in an attempt to strengthen his position against other kings of Leinster. 

The paper British Concentration Camps of the Second South African War by John L. Scott examines the question of the concentration camp in South Africa in some detail. It is rather long, but is well worth reading. 

Please support your answers and take into account the following US and Israeli government statements on the attacks. http://www.gtr5.com/quotes.htm 

The history of early medieval Ireland appears to have been one of endemic internecine conflict, as illustrated by the annals and legend of Conn of the Hundred Battles. The Irish monasteries were also a part of that culture. They were often allied (frequently by ties of blood) with other local kings. To the best of my knowledge, the chronicles do not make it clear whether it was monks, or lay brothers, or the local population who owed service to the monastery who actually did the fighting. 

Not surprisingly, the influx of civilians to the camps grew dramatically as a result of these operations. It was at this point, that the British began to refer to the camps as "concentration camps", which might be the first use of the term. A total of 45 tented camps were built for Boer internees (and a further 64 for black Africans).