Once the bodies had been looted, they would be left to rot. There is a famous passage in Herodotus concerning the Battle of Pelusium which had occurred about 75 years previously: I am not going to comment on alleged pre-historic precursors to Zeus etc, other than to say such theories are highly conjectural. 

Another beast of burden was the ass, appropriate only for (light) women and children and only for limited amounts of time. A boy might get a ride on an ass from a stranger who had no load. Other than that, you are hoofing it. 

Before 1000 BC meteoric iron or occasionally small native iron deposits were worked. These sources are pure iron and can easily be turned into weapons. In Tutankhamun's tomb was found a meteoric iron dagger. Only tiny quantities of such sources are available. 

Many similar accounts of old battlefields could be listed. (This answer-comment was originally posted as a comment when the post was locked and no open for questions.) 

This being said, fire can be used against any exposed door or wooden structure in a siege. You make a large ball of rags and dry wood, set it on fire, then push it against the structure. As long as the fire ball is big enough you will burn down the target structure. This exact procedure was commonly followed in sieges throughout history. For example, in the American frontier Indians would often try to burn down block houses by gathering a big bundle of brush, piling it against a door or wall, and setting it on fire. The blockhouses had to keep water on hand to prevent this. They also had to have special ports for water and guns in the walls to make such an operation very dangerous for the attackers. When I heard this, and saw what sorrow the people were in, I was moved to compassion to them, and thought it became me to undergo the most manifest hazards for the sake of so great a multitude. So I let them know I would stay with them. And when I had given order that five thousand of them should come to me armed, and with provisions for their maintenance, I sent the rest away to their own homes. And when those five thousand were come, I took them, together with three thousand of the soldiers that were with me before, and eighty horsemen, and marched to the village of Chabolo ; situate in the confines of Ptolemais ; and there kept my forces together, pretending to get ready to fight with Placidus, who was to come with two cohorts of footmen, and one troop of horsemen, and was sent thither by Cestius Gallus, to burn those villages of Galilee that were near Ptolemais. 

The word Priskou is effaced in both the Greek and Palmyrene inscriptions. The likely reason for this was that Priscus ruled Syria very harshly and became widely hated during the reign of his brother. Approximately five years into this reign, Marcus Jotiapanus led a rebellion in Syria and overthrew Priscus. The name was probably erased at that time.