Absolutely! If you would flag a 4-second-old post for an issue, there is no reason you shouldn't flag a 4-year-old post. Also, does anyone have suggestions on what else could be looked at for classification through Parsey? Was the algorithm changed? In what way? Add the 10k suggested-edits-pending indicator back in! I just noticed that 10kers don't get the nice little pending suggested edit indicator anymore... can we have it back? Also, what's in it for you? We couldn't reward rep for such an action - you could get 5-10 rep for every post, be it good or bad, which would destroy the reputation system. Great! I don't know when I would ever need to use it, but that's beside the point. When I click the button, this dialog comes up. My reasoning is that both are indexed by Google - old posts don't get thrown down a black hole. If there are issues in a post, people will see them - and it reflects badly on the site. Therefore, these issues should be taken care of, just like any other, newer, post. I would say that it would immediately be closed as primarily opinion-based. Yay, we finally split mSO and mSE. However, in browsing the new mSE I'm noticing questions that are strictly about Stack Overflow. As a room owner of a chat.SE room, I recently noticed a button that I can use: Since we wouldn't be able to award rep for it, all that would come of it is a new zero score: one. (and potentially a loophole for tag badges) By doing this, you move the thought process from: The main reason is that it would kind of destroy the system. When a post is first posted, the system doesn't know if it is bad or good, which is why we have voting. Voting is the system's primary way of finding the quality of a post. The system tends to lean on the side of assuming a post is good - it trusts you to some extent, and assumes that you would vote it up if you could - you obviously thought it would be a worthwhile post, right? The guardian unicorn of Meta Stack Overflow That'd let us get meaningful numbers on how useful auto flags are - right now I tend to dismiss them as helpful whether they are or not, just because it's two clicks vs. four clicks. I've recently noticed that the hot questions list is now different almost every time I look at it. It used to be static - I.e. I could browse around for half an hour and the items on it would be minimally changed. Some mockups, in order of what I think looks best first: Here's the description for that close reason: To do this right, I need data. Specifically, here's what I'd like: I would say that there are no hard facts, references, or specific expertise about variable name length, etc*. Does it look good to edit a question you have just answered? I have a question about editing practices: I'm doing some experimentation with SyntaxNet (aka Parsey McParseface). You can follow my musings and results in Charcoal HQ if you so desire. I'm tempted to flag these for migration to the new Meta Stack Overflow, but I wanted to ask first. Do we flag questions that are about SO to request migration? Please? It's one of those little things that really bug me! This would let staff look for / verify patterns on a deeper, more objective level than we currently can. I don't know what, exactly, we'll find from this... but I know we'd find something. There are plenty of auto flags that aren't really necessary, and mod time wasted on those can't be used in other (more valuable) places. Another problem: Unless these self-votes weren't counted, it would be a way to cheat your way to tag badges - badges awarded for having a certain number of upvotes in a tag. Because you lose nothing, and gain a lot People on beta sites tend to lose interest after a while - there seems to be a natural drive to get the 'beta' label off the site. It almost feels like a bad thing, and people start asking what they need to do to get rid of it. More importantly, they were promised that if they do everything right the label will go away... and it hasn't. Give moderators one-click declines on auto flags I mentioned this a few days ago in SO's mod room: