Summary: Evangelical commentators don't take the "making himself equal with God" phrase as a referring only to Jesus's claim that God is his Father, but to his claim that he acts like his Father. Christ in the state of humiliation Among Protestant commentators who clearly prefer one of these positions, this one is the most widely held. These commentators point to the surrounding context, like the New Bible Commentary does: First of all, we know that "Abraham's offspring" cannot refer to all the descendants of Abraham: John Calvin points out that in Genesis 21:12, the offspring is limited to Isaac, and then later again Esau is excluded. Thus, Paul is arguing here that "offspring" cannot refer to all Abraham's biological descendants, but only those who are called by God. Calvin writes (using seed as a synonym for offspring): And now, Father, glorify me in your own presence with the glory that I had with you before the world existed. [ESV] 1. Ancient Christian Commentary, page 31 In John 20, Jesus is resurrected and is showing Thomas the wounds in his hands, to prove that he is risen. In John 20:28–29, we see Thomas's response: Christ as Mediator This view is perhaps best summarized by the Geneva Study Bible: Similarly, under the governmental theory, Christ suffers to show that a penalty must be paid for lawlessness, but he does not pay the penalty for all the sins of the elect, so again, full payment is not required. More on these and other theories of the atonement can be found on the corresponding Wikipedia articles, and analysis of them is found in both works of Grudem's and Berkhof's that I've quoted. A similar episode occurs in Daniel 8:15-17. I don't have a church father quote, but John Calvin says: So is the message of Gospel compared to works of other great thinkers and philosophers. It is in simple words and parables yet it is a goldmine full of wisdom and is understandable even to unlearned and lowly. It has the power to change the face of the world and it did. It has the power to win the wisest and make their wisdom appear to be foolish. Finally, if we assume for the argument sake that He came to India and studied some things about India then one would wonder why he ignored and not mentioned any Indian names while mentioning all the prophets of one true God. And she immediately asked a similar question as yours:  Also others in Gospels are never referred as sons of Mary, not even when they are called Jesus’ brothers, which is strange in case they were indeed his brothers. This word "sleep" has been used several times, in reference to the first death or the natural death that all have to face in this sinful world. (See Job 14:10-12, 1 Thessalonians 4:15, 16). All the people who ever died on planet earth died only the natural death or the first death; and first death is the consequence (natural result) of sin-because of Adam's fall-and not the wages (punishment) of sin. If Jesus went to India prior to His three-year ministry, then one would expect there to be a distinct Indian flavour to His teaching. However, Jesus' displays vast knowledge of the Torah. Jesus quotes the Hebrew Scriptures all throughout His earthly ministry to the point of correcting even the learned scholars of His day. His teaching style was consistent with the Jewish itinerant teachers of His day. Satan had no power over Christ, as Christ did not yield to temptation. He had to lay His life down as a voluntary act for our salvation, and He did it. He was paying the penalty of the human race on the cruel Cross. He was dying the death that we deserved. Paul wrote: ...so that by God’s grace he would experience death on behalf of everyone. (Hebrew 2:9)