Is there a place to find homeschooling requirements on a state-by-state basis in the United States (or a listing for other countries as well)? I am most interested in the requirement for entering a certain grade or skipping between grades, as homeschooled students often can complete curricula ahead of time, but may still not meet state requirements for being in the next grade up. I'd suggest "starting over." for a little while. Often, when kids express themselves through tantrums it is because they haven't learned an alternative way to express themselves constructively. Although a tantrum isn't getting your son what he wants, it does allow him to be certain you know he is unahppy with you and the limits or decisions you made. Therefore, it is working for him on some level. 

We will be staying in a cabin leading up to Christmas where baths are pretty tough and then she has an aunt getting married just after Christmas and we will be in a hotel for half a week and super busy (and wanting her to shower - because it is a lot quicker). How do I help her get through this fear? If you want to go with a sillier idea, but one that will probably be well remembered into his adulthood, I suggest [Mrs. Piggle Wiggle][1]. Have you tried letting him stay up all night for a night or two? I know it isn't the healthiest thing in the short run, but what if he is allowed to build with legos, read, etc. in the family room - no TV, nothing loud. Then, when everyone else has been allowed to sleep and yet he feels horrible, you can ask him if he knows why he isn't getting along with his friends and brothers anymore. You can ask him if he can figure out why he feels awful and then swoop in as the heroes that really do know what is best for him that create the rules in order to help him stay healthy? 

I've consistently and patiently reminded her - and don't clean it up for her. 

However, I'm wondering about how to go about teaching her how rude this is without giving her the impression we are hiding anything (we aren't) or that there are things her grandparents, aunts and uncles, or others we spend time with might be hiding things. 

Of course, she is still feeling horrible, left out and judged harshly. 

I am absolutely comfortable with having them at my house and with my daughter bicycling with these kids when I am in earshot, but as we are in a neighborhood where there have been wild dog attacks not too far away, I prefer that my daughter stay in view of the house and that she report to me whenever changing households (going inside) just so I know which house she is visiting. 

Advanced Readers Delving into Adult Literature 

She is still pretty slow and "counting it out" but hasn't crossed that threshold of really understanding how to reorder problems and Use symmetrical problems (also referred to as, fact families). I'm hoping for "fun" ideas to have her practice these while she builds familiarity and makes these critical connections. She is just starting to get the idea of rounding up to the nearest ten from nines and then calculating back as needed, she hasn't made the same connection for eights yet. I think she sees it as boring because at this time it is mostly just counting for her, not because she is quick and totally gets the ins and outs of it. If it takes him three hours to clean his room. So be it. If taking so long means he can't go on an outing with you, be sad about it, "Wow, what a bummer you'll miss out. We really want you to come. I'm so sad you didn't get your room cleaned". It sounds like you are already applying a "first things first" approach to this, but instead of it being a "punishment" that he doesn't get xbox, tv . . . simply make it a, "you can play when" kind of a statement along with your empathy. "I know this is really hard for you. I'm feeling (insert emotion, sad, disappointed, frustrated. . . ) about it too. You can play video games when you show me you can also clean up after yourself." 

Perhaps he misses out on something cool (a play-date with a friend for example) so he can to do some chores that other members of the house would normally do to allow his family members to "catch up on sleep" that has been missed because of his loudness and activity at night. Whatever you decide to do in this regard, I suggest making sure it is purely a consequence for having awaken every one else, and not for not sleeping.