That is beautiful which pleases in the mere judging (thus not by means of the sensation of sense nor in accordance with a concept of the understanding). From this it follows of itself that it must please without any interest. 

But it's not like you will ever find an utilitarian saying "Oh well life preserving 10 points, preserving from torture...err...6,8734 and helping grannies like 3,2!". 

Another possible (but possibly confusing) way to put it would be the following: 

Perhaps it helps to keep in mind that behind the veil of ignorance, you never know what position in the society you may get. 

Edit regarding the dogmatism/respect dichotomy 

Because you can never now if your actions provide the desired outcome, i.e. if the alternative would really have been worse. You produce facts and exclude the possibility of probably better alternatives by this. Do you know that the torture will make him speak? Do you know it does help anything because the victim is not already dead? Do you know that the men and women on this plane will not decide themselves for sacrificing their lives or can overcome the terrorists? No, you do not. You only claim to have this knowledge you cannot possibly have. => Kantian point against consequentialistic reasoning, e.g. in his On a supposed right to lie from philanthropy 

The main problem behind the categorical imperative is understanding the notion of maxims. 

Now this, taken as general law, would mean that it depends on the subjective percievings of a situation (and possible consequences) and helpfulness wether a lie was wrong or right. In his essay On a supposed right to lie because of philantropic concerns he therefore argues that, as no human being can ever be sure of the future and the helpfulness for others, this maxim can never be a general law as it does not really say how to act morally, which for him is linked with certainty. 

That means that for Kant, everything that can be enforced by society through law belongs to morals, whereas all other duties (of a fair and just life that fullfils the full notion of a finite rational being that humans are) belong to ethics.