The game revolves around Joseph gathering magic rings that can be used to control the demons. Gathering a ragtag team, following guidance of a mysterious King's advisor Jago, Joseph is to gather the rings and destroy them in Gods' Forge, in order to banish the demons. There's a side-thread of a hostile neighbor kingdom preparing for a war, world torn by conflicting forces, armies gathering, and in this climate we face the situation: gather the rings or face doom. Both can create a choice, or become no-choice, but while one goes with the flow of the story, the other changes the flow. The protagonist, Joseph, is a commoner in a medieval country, who has a tattoo on his hand, that grants his unique talent - or curse, depending how you look at it. He is able to summon demons. Which may, or may not do his bidding. In his childhood that led to a demon burning his home village. The demons now released threaten the realm. 

Ralph can still refuse to write that will, but that's merely a denial, that doesn't change the outcome. Since we know the wife will die, no matter what Ralph does, the ultimate end will be the same. We can see the struggle, we can see small victories or even deeper loss, but the end will be just as the situation dictates it. As soon as you leave the arena of "Something" happening, or being satisfied that what you are describing is "something" or a series of "somethings" happening you instantly wander into an area of some permutational difficulty. Equilibrium > Disturbance > Equilibrium. 

http://www.christiemystery.co.uk/plot.html A chapter is the page repeated a few times. 

Finally, to clarify one point I've now made twice. If you decide to write your own version of Snow White someone else may also write theirs with the same sequence of events and even the same character names as long as they don't steal any original elements that you added to the story (like Red Riding Hood's utility belt and addition of her sidekick "Sparrow" the girl wonder). Even then it gets a bit complicated and nothing is certain no matter what Disney's legal team will tell you. 

A page is just the paragraph process three to four times. And while I was writing that paragraph I remembered one other thing. Technically if what you have written is deemed "satire" in some areas that gives it special protection under "freedom of speech" a court ruling once set a precedent that zombies were a satirical device therefore adding zombies to anything instantly protects it as satire. This is, of course, a broad interpretation but it does serve as an example that all I have written is suspect and you never can be sure. 

Finally for a psychological aspect I read many of the behavioural profiling memoirs of FBI Behavioural Profiler John Douglas. His books with Mark Olshaker give Douglas a chance to discuss the psychology of the criminal in depth that is more than sufficient for an author to know their criminal. He mostly talks about serial killers obviously but also about particular single murders and even a few "nuisances" like the profile of the kind of guy who would add a urine kicker to the office coffee pot (similar psychological make up to the unabomber for the record). Unfortunately Rick Riordan's lawyers would nail you to the wall for ripping off his "Percy Jackson" series. 

But never forget Rule of Cool warning! TV Tropes link!. In short: you don't need much explanation, much exposition or generally going to great lengths with your coincidence if its effects are awesome. Bigger gaps are allowed but mark them as such. Four months in a coma shouldn't be a three-asterisk break. It should be a start of another volume. 

No rules. But some guidelines: 

The protagonist, Joseph, is a commoner in a medieval country, who has a tattoo on his hand, that grants his unique talent - or curse, depending how you look at it. He is able to summon demons. Which may, or may not do his bidding. In his childhood that led to a demon burning his home village. The demons now released threaten the realm. 

Don't be afraid to go in opposite direction. One of chapters of "Sum of All Fears" by Tom Clancy, not really short too, describes a complex chain of events over a span of three nanoseconds. 

Both can create a choice, or become no-choice, but while one goes with the flow of the story, the other changes the flow. 

The game revolves around Joseph gathering magic rings that can be used to control the demons. Gathering a ragtag team, following guidance of a mysterious King's advisor Jago, Joseph is to gather the rings and destroy them in Gods' Forge, in order to banish the demons. There's a side-thread of a hostile neighbor kingdom preparing for a war, world torn by conflicting forces, armies gathering, and in this climate we face the situation: gather the rings or face doom. I've seen J. Michael Straczynski credited with: John Rogers, mastermind of the late and much lamented Leverage, is greatly fond of pulp, in the classic sense — those dime-a-dozen novels which were churned out in the '50s and '60s, with formulaic but rat-a-tat-tat action and snappy banter. You can consume a whole book in one train ride (but you can't eat just one). He recommends the Lester Dent Pulp Paper Master Fiction Plot. I cannot recommend this personally, but I pass it on because it certainly sounds like you could mine it for resources. 

Go back to your character sheets, or cook up a few secondaries, and see what their backstories tell you. 

Oldest narrative hook in the business. If you can't find even a minor plot bunny in there somewhere, your story needs more help than we can give you. There's even a book if you need it. See also Joseph Campbell's Hero With a Thousand Faces, but that's becoming procrastination more than research. 3) Pulp fiction. No, bear with me. On the other hand, you can't edit a blank page. If you pants the entire thing, you will have a book to wrangle into shape.