There can be no dispute that Syria used banned chemical weapons, violated its obligations under the Chemical Weapons Convention, and ignored the urging of the U.N. Security Council. Medicaid Medicaid is a whole different ball of wax. Medicaid is not as popular, but that's because it operates under strict constraints. Medicaid is administrated by the states themselves and does not do full reimbursement to providers like Medicare does. As a result, far fewer physicians accept Medicaid The real question, then, is this: Why now? (edited) However, there have been questions about if that includes military ships and aircraft. The best explanation that fits now? This is Trump being Trump. Consider the ill-fated travel-ban, which was hastily implemented and caused mass chaos. I don't think Trump thought this through (it's pretty rare that a President outright fires anyone, they typically ask for, and receive, a resignation, for reasons this firing has made obvious). Politico has this note There's a pretty big difference in the two Beyond that, it’s nearly impossible even to evaluate or compare them. Developing countries actually blocked a requirement that the plans use a common format and metrics, so an INDC need not even mention emissions levels. Or a country can propose to reduce emissions off a self-defined “business-as-usual” trajectory, essentially deciding how much it wants to emit and then declaring it an “improvement” from the alternative. To prevent such submissions from being challenged, a group of developing countries led by China and India has rejected “any obligatory review mechanism for increasing individual efforts of developing countries.” And lest pressure nevertheless build on the intransigent, no developing country except Mexico submitted an INDC by the initial deadline of March 31 — and most either submitted no plan or submitted one only as the final September 30 cut-off approached. On top of that, states have their own arcane rules The original narrative was that Rosenstein was the main driving force behind Comey's firing. Details released today make it clear it was Trump's idea, which means there's no clear answer at all as to why he picked now to do it. The largest reason is likely the growing saber rattling of China over the South China Sea, where they have built several military support bases and continue to be aggressive with their military With the names being similar, and the programs being poorly understood, it's not hard to see why some would sell "Medicare for all". In reality, Medicaid for all would be the more likely program. Medicaid, which already has mechanisms to control costs, would simply expand to cover all people without private insurance. That's what state efforts like Nevada are trying to do. Now, it turns out it was an empty threat, but it's noteworthy that he felt that he needed to do this over chemical weapons. As has been noted, this doesn't affect the ability of Assad to kill people with other means It was a way to deny the New York Times a scoop. When a news outlet gets a story like this you have to do a lot of investigative journalism to validate and verify your sources. If you've managed to keep it quiet, your paper stands to make a lot of money because you are now the source for all of this information. The simple fact is that this is equally a cheap and easy political victory for Trump. Most Republicans dislike the accords and Trump can take the focus off his other political woes. Like Kyoto before it, Paris was more of an agreement to agree on something so photos could be taken and people made to look good. The root problem is that, in order to reach the goals talked about, you have to do one important thing: make energy expensive, or ban certain forms outright. That is not a politically popular position. “Every year that providers continue to raise their rates, all they’re doing is bumping up that 80th percentile. There’s nothing holding them back, in other words,” he says. 50 markets, with 50 sets of rules. This is the Republican issue, more or less. There's no way for me to buy health insurance outside the market I live in. Even if I did, my remote insurance would not have the same discounts local insurers do, thus ensuring it's more expensive. Obamacare actually made this worse, by helping to drive some carriers out of some markets. For instance, Obama noted that some states had few choices. Not only did Obamacare not address it, but it drove some lesser insurers out of those markets, so there really is only one insurer now in 5 states. So this bill was given a special number for the purposes of recording. The work is opposed by the other claimants to the atolls and the United States. They're wary of restrictions on ship movements in a key waterway for world trade. Moore is thus seen by his supporters as a religious martyr with deep convictions. These actions are in sharp contrast with that, if true. Trump, by contrast, is not seen as a deeply religious person at all.