Equipment is a loss leader--many people prefer to go to the same hospital for all services. So going to a hospital for an MRI may mean that you continue to go to the same hospital for other things. Worse, even if the US adopted the UK system tomorrow, many of those expenditures have already been made. They can't really send back the MRI machine. 

No universal coverage Obamacare does not actually offer universal coverage. It made certain kinds of coverage more expensive while using subsidies to pay for Medicaid expansion and subsidies for individual health plans. Also, because its subsidies were only available to individual purchasers, some employers (e.g. Wal-Mart) canceled their employer-based plans so that their employees could access the subsidies of the individual health plans. Increased deductibles and copays One of the ways that Obamacare makes the numbers work is that it made insurance cover less. It effectively increased the minimum amount below which people pay all their health care costs (the deductible) and increased the shared fees for services (copays). Thus for many people, insurance is more expensive under Obamacare than it was prior to that. 

Some believe that negative rights are appropriate, as they are limitations on government power, while positive rights are not, as they require government action. Others disagree. Ignoring who is correct, this is the distinction that is being made. 

Same thing with a public trial. It's not that the trial has to be provided. But if tried, it must be public. 

The right to a speedy trial just means that the prosecutor may not delay the trial unreasonably. The prosecutor is not actually required to provide a trial. The trial is a requirement to keep the defendant incarcerated or otherwise limited, e.g. by a bail agreement. So a speedy trial is a limitation on the prosecutorial power. If tried, the trial must be speedy. May be exacerbated by general trends. I.e. people may be blaming Obamacare for something that would be happening anyway. Transfer Obamacare charges some people more money without providing those people with more benefits that they wanted. It subsidizes other people. Unsurprisingly, the people who pay more either in taxes or in increased deductibles/copays don't like Obamacare. Absent action by the Senate in the remainder of Obama's term, Trump will control any ratification activity in his term. The Senate can't approve a ratification request unless he sends it. The treaty has no legal impact on the US unless it is ratified. It is conceivable that the Senate could approve a request for ratification from Obama before Trump takes office. However, they do not have enough votes in favor to do that in either the current or the 2017 Senate. Once Trump takes office, he can withdraw any ratification request that Obama may have sent. And then Trump is free not to participate in the agreement. Increased deficit impact Obamacare took several steps to make its deficit impact look lower than it was. 

And it expands certain tax credits for Health Savings Accounts and individual purchases of insurance. Contrast that with a healthcare right. Healthcare must be provided unless ... There's no end to that sentence. It's not a limitation on government power but a requirement. This is what is called a positive right. A speedy and public trial clause is a negative right. The government cannot try someone unless the trial is speedy and public. It is prevented from trying people slowly and in secret. 

Obamacare relies on insurance companies registering for the exchanges, but it doesn't actually fund them adequately. The result is that in some counties only one insurer participates, and there have been more and more threats for the last insurer to drop out. It was in response to these reports that Donald Trump was promising to repeal Obamacare shortly before the election. Note that one might argue that universal coverage in other places also transfers from some groups to pay for others. But it's not as explicit. With Obamacare, the people who pay the most now already had coverage. They didn't gain anything from Obamacare. In fact, they may have less coverage now. The people who get subsidized now mostly did not have coverage previously.