The saints are “dead” in the sense that they are no longer physically present on earth, but they are, in fact, very much alive in Heaven, in perfect union with their Creator. Jesus himself makes this very point when answering the Sadduccees: Hence, that external agent (whatever it is: another person, a situation, even the weather) is acting upon the person who experiences it, effectively changing his emotional state. * Health agencies other than the CDC, such as Chief Medical Officer of the United Kingdom, have made the claim that there is no safe level of alcohol consumption. However, if one consumes alcohol at the rate recommended by the CDC (a maximum of two drinks per day for men, and one drink per day for women) or less, then the long-term health risks are vanishingly small. In any case, a small health risk does not make an action immoral; skiing, for example, poses a risk of significant injury or even death, and yet that risk is still relatively small. Only a grave risk to health makes an action immoral. It is possible for us to change our emotional state to some degree, but even that entails a change from one state to another. It is clear, therefore, that God is Father by nature, and calling Him so does not depend on merely cultural considerations. This condition places both the intoxicated person and others in grave danger of life and health. A drunk person can easily do or say things that he would never do if he were sober—even to the point of violence. The particular kind of intoxication produced by a given drug may vary, but the very fact of losing self-control poses a grave danger to self and others. [UPDATED, substantially revised, and corrected] The short answer is, “anger” in this context refers to two distinct, but related things. (One difference, for instance, between marijuana and alcohol, is that plenty of people take alcohol for the taste; no one takes marijuana for the taste, but principally for its systemic effects.) The Bishop of Rome The Bishop of Rome (i.e., the Pope), being the universal pastor of the Catholic Church, may celebrate in any rite he wishes at any moment. They also cause terrible long-term effects. Of old you [the LORD] laid the foundation of the earth, and the heavens are the work of your hands. They will perish, but you will remain; they will all wear out like a garment. You will change them like a robe, and they will pass away, but you are the same, and your years have no end (Ps. 102:25-27). Children become subject to Canon Law as soon as they are baptized: Canon 96 of the Code of Canon Law [CIC] says, A passion, however, is not sinful, in and of itself; and (as Jesus shows) the passion of anger is very much appropriate when we are faced with an injustice. It should be noted that since the time of Humanae vitae, there have been great advances in gynecology, which make it possible to use NFP with extremely high efficacy—for example with the Billings Ovulation Method or the Creighton Model. (When the health of the woman is in danger, then extra care should, naturally, be exercised to avoid pregnancy—and when that is done, the chance of pregnancy is very small.) Counting declared latae sententiae and all ferendae sententiae excommunications together, there is only a small number each year, especially considering the sheer size of the Church—some 1.3 billion according to CARA. Catholics (and Orthodox) would emphatically reply in the affirmative. Not only can we pray to Jesus directly, we should do so, and doing so should be the main focus of our prayer. They would say that intercessory prayer (including asking saints for their prayers) is simply one of the ways that God wishes to involve all members of the Church in the work of redemption: after all, if we ask the saints to pray for us, it is so that they they (as well as we) pray to Jesus.