Is there any specific liquid/water for it? Apostolic See decides what is to be done with the relics. 

[2417] God entrusted animals to the stewardship of those whom he created in his own image. Hence it is legitimate to use animals for food and clothing. They may be domesticated to help man in his work and leisure. Medical and scientific experimentation on animals is a morally acceptable practice if it remains within reasonable limits and contributes to caring for or saving human lives. What are the uses of Holy Water? The angel of the Lord asked him, “Why have you beaten your donkey these three times? I have come here to oppose you because your path is a reckless one before me. (Numbers 22:32, NIV) First class relics are the physical remains of a saint (a bone, a hair, skull, a limb, etc.) We can also find some verses from the Bible which seem to indicate that we should show kindness to animals. 

Many Protestant churches observe the Lord's Supper once a month and some do it very rarely. If I'm not mistaken, the Catholics celebrate Eucharist every Sunday. 

Do not slaughter a cow or a sheep and its young on the same day. (Leviticus 22:28, NIV) The body of Saint Bernadette covered in wax, believed to be incorruptible by the Catholic church, after she was exhumed three times. 

Do not cook a young goat in its mother's milk. (Deuteronomy 14:21, NIV) A wooden piece from the True Cross, safeguarded inside an ornamented cross. Lucifer: The Devil in the Middle Ages - "The parallels between Loki and Satan are striking but are for the most part Christian coloring of paganism rather than the opposite." The Trickster, the Devil, and an Ambiguous World - The Anthropik Network [Web Archive] - "It’s fairly easy to divide stories about Loki into two historical categories: pre-Christianity, and post-Christianity." A Brief History of the Vikings - "By the [10th century], Loki had perhaps been influenced by several centuries of Christian lore, and was now seen as a far more devilish figure that he may originally have been." Archetypes and Motifs in Folklore and Literature - "Tales of Loki's evil and binding are clearly influenced by the later Christian identification of Loki and the Devil (tricksters, perhaps because of their profane character, are often equated with the Devil if their original culture is converted to Christianity)." Völuspá - New Advent - "Balder, the innocent god, is treacherously slain through the machinations of the wicked Loki." and "Christian influence is not only possible, but certain." Viking Religion - BBC History NOTES When they capture Loki, he is held in a prison until Ragnarok (the Norse apocalypse that was also likely influenced by Christianity) and tortured by having a perpetual stream of snake venom drip into is face. 

The definition of transubstantiation: Seemingly, then, the consecration must be finished despite any circumstances. This bit of cannon law also implies that it is possible to consecrate the bread but not the wine, however serious a sin it might be. 

Loki's evil nature and jealousy (of a Christ like image especially) and his ultimate tortuous imprisonment was undoubtedly influenced by Christian perceptions of Satan. In Christian mythology, Satan is evil. And the eschatology (apocalyptic theology) revolving around him involves an eternity of torment, which is undoubtedly because of his heinous misdeeds against God, humanity, and the rest of creation. 

There is very likely some level of influence, however, it is Christianity that influenced myths about Loki. 

This progression for trickster gods to take on a darker persona as the centuries pass is actually quite common (Satan in Job, for example, is not necessarily evil, but is certainly an accuser and adversary, but by Revelation he is patently evil). It is therefore expected that Loki would become more like Satan as Christianity influenced the Norse mythos, because Satan had already progressed into a personification of evil centuries earlier. Without Christian influence, Loki still likely would have become more evil and less trickster, so the rising influence of Christianity in Norse areas and Loki's conversion to an evil character may have been coincidental, however it does seem likely that Christianity at least hastened the process. Transubstantiation occurs during the consecratory thanksgiving during the single act of worship called the liturgy of the Eucharist. 

A New Place for Loki, Part II on Polytheist.com states that "since Loki was a deity who I believe was originally responsible for carrying burnt sacrifices to the gods and freeing the souls of the dead via cremation, it is only natural that the Catholic Church would have found him particularly deplorable." There are many sources for the article, but I have not looked through them. There is a certain level of sense to the claim, but without vetting it, the source finds itself in the notes section instead. Christmas in Germany: A Cultural History states "The Norse God Loki [et al.] ... contributed to Elm's syncretic descriptions of Christmas custom." A different topic, but interesting. The body of Saint Bernadette covered in wax, believed to be incorruptible by the Catholic church, after she was exhumed three times. How are first class relics prepared? They are preserved in special containers, after carefully cleaning them, perfuming them and repairing them if required. 

Do not cook a young goat in its mother's milk. (Deuteronomy 14:21, NIV) What are the uses of Holy Water? 

Apostolic See decides what is to be done with the relics. 

Do not muzzle an ox while it is treading out the grain. (Deuteronomy 25:4, NIV) 

[2417] God entrusted animals to the stewardship of those whom he created in his own image. Hence it is legitimate to use animals for food and clothing. They may be domesticated to help man in his work and leisure. Medical and scientific experimentation on animals is a morally acceptable practice if it remains within reasonable limits and contributes to caring for or saving human lives. 

[2418] It is contrary to human dignity to cause animals to suffer or die needlessly. It is likewise unworthy to spend money on them that should as a priority go to the relief of human misery. One can love animals; one should not direct to them the affection due only to persons. The sale of relics is strictly forbidden by the Church. The Code of Canon Law states: 

Is there any specific liquid/water for it? 

The angel of the Lord asked him, “Why have you beaten your donkey these three times? I have come here to oppose you because your path is a reckless one before me. (Numbers 22:32, NIV)