There was also a lot of events where a step (whether by marriage or de facto) parent would harm (even murder) their step child. Obviously this is rare, but it would make the news headlines here and I would get really paranoid. I have always been extremely careful about taking precautions to prevent my children from ever walking in on me when engaging in sexual activity. I've had a relationship with my next door neighbor (an old school friend, not just any neighbor) and he would frequently visit after my children had gone to sleep and be gone before they woke up. Now these are my thoughts and may not be helpful, as I have raised my children alone, rather than risk introducing someone. One obvious thing is to get a lock on the bedroom door, I did put a screen up, to hide the bed from the door. It's a more sophisticated version of knowing a small child is lying about eating the chocolate cake and their face is covered in chocolate cake, but in this case the evidence is intangible, it is the knowledge I have of his knowledge ! (that sounds wrong ! lol) 

Start doing something she can help you with near her. Or do it in another room, but make sure she will hear you doing it and come to you out of curiosity. Or just shout at her and *come and see something". Remember that it all depends on the child's age and his character. If school is very important to him, then maybe he won't stay late. In general, however, use common sense and your intuition to decide whether to enforce something or to let the kid experience the effects. Choosing only one option puts the child in actual danger. What should you do? Everything works on my daughter (literally everything I or my wife do is interesting), but you may have to make a few attempts on your own. A few things my daughter enjoys: This particular scenario of yours is very real, but I think is a very bad example of letting children experience the effects of their decisions. I do support learning by experience. Don't touch the over - the child touches it anyway - gets burned (a bit). The cat will bite you if you pull his tail. And so on. 

One obvious thing is to get a lock on the bedroom door, I did put a screen up, to hide the bed from the door. Now these are my thoughts and may not be helpful, as I have raised my children alone, rather than risk introducing someone. 

I have always been extremely careful about taking precautions to prevent my children from ever walking in on me when engaging in sexual activity. I've had a relationship with my next door neighbor (an old school friend, not just any neighbor) and he would frequently visit after my children had gone to sleep and be gone before they woke up. There was also a lot of events where a step (whether by marriage or de facto) parent would harm (even murder) their step child. Obviously this is rare, but it would make the news headlines here and I would get really paranoid. It's a more sophisticated version of knowing a small child is lying about eating the chocolate cake and their face is covered in chocolate cake, but in this case the evidence is intangible, it is the knowledge I have of his knowledge ! (that sounds wrong ! lol)