The 25-30 ft lbs torque you quote is for the external Bottom Bracket bearings, seen in the picture. You probably don't have to touch them. The torque setting you're looking for will be on the crank arm that fell off. Your crank arm and / or bottom bracket spline could be damaged. You can check for signs of any burring on the splines of the crank and BB, or your LBS can check. Get them to point out any damage to you if they think it needs replacing. Worst case scenario for over-tightening is you will strip the threads on both bolt and crank or BB, and / or shear off or burr the bolt. This will obviously damage those parts requiring replacement and it may be difficult to remove the parts. This could involve drilling out the bolts and various other hacks and so cost a fair bit of labour and parts in a shop - much more than just tightening the crank arm for you which should be very cheap. Thus if you're not confident, $10 or so at the LBS to re-attach your crank is probably money well spent. I'd say your bike is what we kindly refer to as a said "donor bike." It's brain dead and its best use is to give up its vital organs to a bike that might be able to use them. Given that it looks BSO quality, the parts aren't that valuable but if your next bike is a BSO, you might want a spare drive set, seat, brakes, or rear wheel. Shouldn't a glued patch be essentially so welded to the inner-tube that it's unable to come off through any normal means? Otherwise, you could yourself sew it back together with Kevlar thread and a large sewing needle or awl, with perhaps some ballistic nylon as backing. Since the tear is at a corner, you may have to dismantle the pack a bit. If this paragraph makes no sense, don't attempt it. 1a) Maybe the discs were just scoured? It is possible that the discs were just scoured - especially as we don't have photos. Damaged or badly worn pads could have scoured the rotors - as well as a general lack of cleaning and maintenance. That would explain the black streaks you saw. You should have also been able to feel the scouring with your fingernail. In fact, given that your bike is a hybrid and not likely to have done aggressive downhilling, scouring is a more likely explanation of what happened even though the words "burned" and "blue" that you used are indicative of blue-ing. You can even make your patches from leather (still using Pliobond) or canvas (ditto). I've bonded leather and rubber to steel/aluminum using Pliobond.