Nietzsche mocked German idealists at length, but I think calling him a materialist is a bridge too far, same as for all his anti-Christianity it is not clear that he was an atheist. He inherited his metaphysics from Schopenhauer, transforming his World Will into will to power, who can be seen as irrationalizing Hegel's Absolute Geist with a side of that "intellectual intuition" that Kant kept rejecting but couldn't let go of. Nietzsche's is a highly personalized and individualistic philosophy focused on human condition and action, like existentialism, barely a realism but hardly materialism, and with panpsychic overtones perhaps. 

The OP information probably comes from Wikipedia's article on Characteristica Universalis 

Quine's indeterminacy of translation fed into Kuhn's incommensurability of paradigms, that introduced history and social context into philosophy of science; Davidson gave one of the most penetrating analyses of mental vs. physical in recent times; Brandom launched an ambitious project of detailed grounding of semantics in communal practices. Dummett calls his project in Logical Basis of Metaphysics (1991) "anti-Wittgensteinian", and outlines the contours of post-linguistic analytic philosophy that directly addresses Unger's concerns: 

Permanence is required as a baseline for establishing temporal order among past experiences. Conscious states can not play this role, "this permanent something cannot be something in me, for the very reason that my existence in time is itself determined by this permanent something". The empirical "soul", or self, is a collection of appearances arranged in time, the metaphysical soul, along with the immateriality arguments, is dispatched in the Second Paralogism, see What are the problems with the argument for the mind-body dualism from immateriality of thoughts? The noumenal self is moot to the kind of "metaphysical" idealism that Kant is dealing with here. The entire argument concerns the realm of appearances, in space and time, we are talking about realism vs idealism about appearances, the noumena are out of the picture. Time itself can not supply the permanence either, for "time by itself is not perceived... Hence it follows that consciousness in time is necessarily connected also with the existence of things without me". 

Philosophies of mind and science remain vibrant. Sure, we do not live in the time of Kant and Hegel, but Unger's charge of "emptiness" targets Lewis, Putnam and Kripke. What about late Wittgenstein, Quine, Kuhn, Davidson, Dummett and Brandom, what about the Stanford Disunity Mafia (Nancy Cartwright, Hacking, Dupre, Suppes), the structuralist school in philosophy of science (Sellars, Sneed), or free will libertarians like Kane. In the wake of the linguistic turn there even emerged a new movement of duly humbled logical neo-neo-positivists, see their manifesto volume Logic, Epistemology, and the Unity of Science. 

2) I can be aware of having experiences that occur in a specific temporal order only if I perceive something permanent by reference to which I can determine their temporal order. (premise) 

The organs are the sense organs mentioned at the top of the passage. Nietzsche mocks sensualists, who insisted since antiquity that "every thought comes from sense-perception" (Sextus Empiricus), "there is not anything in mind, which hasn't been in the sensations" is even sometimes attributed to Aristotle. Closer to Nietzsche's time the torch was carried by British empiricists like Locke, Hume and Mill, but especially Berkeley, who declared that esse est percipi, to be is to be perceived. 

Kant credited Hume for helping him so see the light, "it was my recollection of David Hume that broke into my dogmatic slumber", and he characterized his critical philosophy as a "Copernican revolution", writing "let us once try whether we do not get farther with the problems of metaphysics by assuming that the objects must conform to our cognition, which would agree better with the requested possibility of an a priori cognition of them, which is to establish something about objects before they are given to us. This would be just like the first thoughts of Copernicus, who, when he did not make good progress in the explanation of the celestial motions if he assumed that the entire celestial host revolves around the observer, tried to see if he might not have greater success if he made the observer revolve and left the stars at rest".