According to your Question you regard "that the Holy Quran is the single most important source of information" as you said. Here just some examples of the ahadith: Hadith commentaries are the equivalent of tafsir books when it comes to hadith sciences. And here I quote the partial question which I'd like to have answered: There must be a clear contradiction between two narrations (ahadith), which can't be cleared off by finding a midway or a constructive solution to explain the existing differences, for example combining them (for example there are ahadith saying the sunnah after jumu'ah is two raka'at and others saying four raka'at some scholars combined them to say the best is to pray six!). So if a combination between both is possible we can't pretend that one of the evidences is obsolete or abrogated, as this would mean excluding one evidence, while it is still valid! Having knowledge about the nasikh and mansoukh and this needs knowledge about a few things such as: In his commentary on the 40 ahadith ibn Daqiq al-'Id commented the weak hadith about forty ahadith in imam an-Nawawi's introduction, explaining that 40 is the first number which has a "full number" (natural number) as the result of the fraction (for Zakat on capital assets) of the quarter of the tenth (1/40) and from the hadith -he didn't mention which exactly- one can conclude that the quarter of the tenth cleans the rest of the wealth. And this applies for those whom apply any (one) of these ahadith in their lifes. Ibn Daqiq al-'Id didn't comment on the fact that the collection includes 42 instead of 40 ahadith, as if this was something unimportant, which seems to emphasize the statement from above, that it was "business as usual" or "usual practice" to speak about 40 ahadith while they wgere 42. Sources islamweb #162959 and alukhah. sayings something like: Be honorable towards women, as by Allah only a honorable man would treat woman with honer and none but a mean man would humilate them. I'm certainly not a scholar nor do I have deep knowledge in 'ulum al-Hadith. But I suppose that the conditions of al-Bukhari and Muslim must either have been quoted by both in some of their books (not necessary in the books known as the sahihs ... the correct full title of what is known as sahih al-Bukhai is quoted in my answer here Is Sahih al-Bukhari considered as 100% authentic by Sunni scholars?). Or later scholars have deduced them I strongly believe they were quoted by al-Bukhari and Muslim themselves. Here's a list of some commentaries on specific books: He also pointed out a couple of ahadith the 4 Imams of sunni schools knew but refused, as they contradicted to better known ahadith or in cases to the Quran! So some of his statements were not new but well known! In fact at-Tirmidhi quoted in both his shamaa'il and his Jami' ahadith which clearly go ahead with the meaning of (31:19) and (25:63) which describe the pace of the Prophet () the most common statement is most on the authority of 'Ali ibn Abi Talib(): It is said that earlier scholars from al-Maghrib and al-Andalus considered sahih Muslim to be more authentic than sahih al-Bukhari. Other scholars from other schools also wrote commentaries on sahih Muslim like 'Ali al-Qari. And also this statement is often quoted: The -apparently contradicting- quote from 13:14 and 40:50 saying: which adds (put in bolt letters): Only a honorable man would treat woman with honer and none but a mean man would humilate them. , al-Istidkar (which is more on comparativ fiqh based on al-Muwatta' discussing the view of the other fiqh schools primarily hanafi and shafi'i), beside a summary of at-Tamhid. Many scholars in connection to this verse quote this hadith A fast review on the quoted ahadith The hadith of 'Abdullah ibn 'Awfa has been qualified as da'if even if it differs slightly of other sahih ahdith like your second quoted hadith which you may find in sahih Muslim, sunan abi Dawod, Jami' at-Tirmdihi and in both the sahih and al-adab al-mufrad of al-Bukahri.