Wikipedia says, "In the event of forfeiture, the score is recorded as "9 to 0", as per rule 2.00 of the Major League Baseball Rules Book." 

In the case of Callaspo it's more than just the low strikeout rate - he's also a switch hitter which gives him a good righty/lefty matchup at the plate. Grant Green is/was not a switch hitter. The A's love having switch hitting batters in their lineup. They also have switch hitters in Coco Crisp, Jed Lowrie and Nick Punto as well as right and left handed batting platoon spots at catcher with John Jaso (LH) and Derrick Norris (RH) and options in the outfield (Reddick) and at DH (Brandon Moss/Darric Barton). So the A's starting lineup will change depending on whether a right or left handed pitcher is starting. 

The major league rules (page 16) state, "A FORFEITED GAME is a game declared ended by the umpire-in-chief in favor of the offended team by the score of 9 to 0, for violation of the rules." 

It wasn't allowed for some players. It was a rule that used a cut off date. If you were pre-1920 and threw spitballs before, you can throw them after. 

The section below is included in the definition of a catch in the MLB rulebook: 

Also I want to note that there is a rule that explicitly states that a pitcher may only rub the ball with his bare hands. As an umpire I probably would wait to let the other coach complain if the kids were under 16 - but it has been 15 years since I umped that age. If over I would ask pitcher to remove during warm-ups and do it all the time. Most of the time they just left it on from hitting and don't care at all. 

training, training, training. It all starts at the youth level. Most kids only pick up a baseball at practices. They play video games for fun, not catch. The fact that kids aren't out playing catch 5-7 days a week probably has a lot of long-term effects on their arm strength, ability to recover, flexibility and so on. I personally pitched from 5 years-old on. I can't ever remember my arm being sore until I started lifting. We played catch every day, lots of long toss. I pitched at least 3 games a week. Basically I started every game and did the max innings (4 at the time) and would start the next game if league let you (leagues/tournaments only limited pitching limits so you couldn't ride one kid to a championship not because of injury risk). Could the training be changed? Yes. But it would probably take a few years of development under new routine to see results and often young players aren't anywhere or even in the same organization for a few years. A few major league teams have their own special sauce (Cardinals focus on a lot of long toss on off days) but they are fighting with "stars" who are making millions and already have their routine. 

Scenario 2 is no different than what pitchers do to prepare before games and perhaps between innings; but it allows for a much finer control on a pitch by pitch basis - and for some reason feels like it should be illegal. 

This is anecdotal, so keep that in mind, but as a young pitcher, I threw out my shoulder (some undiagnosed rotator cuff issue probably) by throwing overhand. 

Scenario 3 is legal and practiced. 

So with that as background; my question expanded is: 

Though I'm curious about this in all sports, I'll limit my question to the scope of MLB for the moment. My question is what (if any) are the rules regarding electronic assistance in baseball games? 

Gradually I switched first to sidearm and then to full submarine. Two things happened: 

Are there any rules governing this? 

The pain virtually stopped. I could pitch 3 innings easy (which is what I was pitching at the time) 

I'd check out what the experts say, but for what it's worth, it worked for me.