And it may be that this nut is a cone nut for internal bearings, such that the nut cannot be reached for adjustment with a regular wrench (even a thin one). In that case you'd have to figure out something. This one has a sheet metal dust shield fastened to the outer diameter -- the nut itself is inside of the inner flange of the shield. On the back side is a regular (though fairly thin) hex nut or (more often) a cylindrical body with two flats, sized to take a thin open-end wrench. If you hold the rear brake and push forward, the weight of the bike is lifted off the rear wheel, to a degree, and so the tire will slip on the ground. By pushing the bike backwards to test the rear brake you are using the same technique used to test the front brake -- all the weight of the bike is on the rear wheel. I've always used both. Among other things, if you apply both brakes you're in much better shape should one of the brakes fail suddenly (eg, broken cable, unanticipated wet rim, etc). The mounting arms are meant to be bent. Bend them as needed to fit your bike. If they can't be made to fit then likely a visit to a local hardware store (especially if staffed by some reasonably clever salesperson) will yield a solution. Or your local bike shop folks may find a suitable bracket in their junk parts box. It's remarkably hard to find a good image of a cone nut. Here is the best I could find: I've also seen, internal to some coaster hubs, various plates and nuts with slots or teeth, intended to engage mirror-image features of the hub or an internal rotating piece. These would be quite specific to the particular hub. The term "cone nut", on a bike, generally refers to the nuts that comprise the outer half of a bearing race (the inner half being formed into the wheel hub or whatever). The "cone" side, which faces inward, has a concave profile so that the balls will roll smoothly in it. But then, I've never pretended to be a racer. The front brake is actuated by force generated from the forward motion of the rear wheel. If the rear wheel stops moving then the front brake is released. The effect would be very much like ABS braking on an automobile, and the classical panic stop head-over accident would be essentially impossible. (Of course, one could still hit something or fall into a hole and go head-over, but such a scenario has nothing to do with brakes.) When one brakes hard with the front wheel the momentum of the rider will tend to tip the bike forward, lifting the rear wheel. Even before the rear wheel lifts completely, it will lose traction and begin to skid. The rear wheel stops turning and the front brake is released (or at least moderated, in situations where traction is not completely lost). It's hard to tell what you have from your description. I do vaguely recall some cases of nuts on coaster brakes with slots like that, apparently intended to be operated by a "spanner wrench" (which is a redundant expression in the UK, but means a wrench with pins rather than flats in the US). Presumably this allowed the nut to be more readily adjusted while everything was assembled. (Current bikes require a thin "cone wrench" for the same adjustment.) If this is all it is then a hex-sided/flat-sided nut (with similar thread/profile) should work just fine. When you hold the front brake and push forward, the weight of the bike is shifted forward onto the front wheel. On solid pavement you should be able to cause the rear wheel to lift from the ground before the brake slips. (But I get the impression that the real intent of the question, or at least of the responses, is to beat up on this idea rather than attempt to understand it.) The question of HOW the system works to prevent head-over accidents is quite simply answered: Added: It should be noted that, unless you're riding like a maniac (or at least like a BMX rider), 95% (at least) of your braking will occur in situations where there will be no chance at all of a wheel lockup. In such situations either brake is equally effective, and, if you use both, you spread the wear evenly between them. This means you can go twice as far before having to worry about replacing a brake pad or a worn-through rim. Skid-outs are a hair more complicated, and likely the effect would only be significant in certain scenarios -- mainly those on dry pavement where the problem was over-braking on the front, vs scenarios where the pavement condition was a large factor. On most bikes the front and rear brakes have essentially the same amount of braking power, in terms of their ability to "grab" the wheel and stop it from turning. But the effect of "locking up" the two wheels is different. If, while actually riding the bike, you totally stop the front wheel from turning the result is a (very quick and dangerous) "head-over" crash (because all the bike and rider weight is transferred to the front wheel, and hence friction between tire and pavement is maximized). (This is one big reason why it's ill-advised to brake only with front brakes.) If you totally stop the rear wheel from turning, however, the rear wheel simply skids, since the weight is transferred off the wheel and thus there is less friction between wheel and ground.