I would say, in order of priority, you should consider the following steps, if you are not doing so already: "You don't decide to refactor, you refactor because you want to do something else, and refactoring helps you do that other thing." Add the task number of whatever task you are trying to accomplish. Send some of your key people for Scrum training. Team size: Looks like you have 18 people. This is too large a team for good communication and collaboration. Try to split this into two teams. While splitting the teams, make them into feature teams, not component teams. Ideally, designate a Scrum Master and a Product Owner for each team. However, you may be able to work with a common Scrum Master for both teams as well as a common Product Owner. Avoid having sub-teams. Individual Development Team members may have specialized skills and areas of focus, but accountability belongs to the Development Team as a whole. This may be a slow process. But work towards this. Now to answer your specific question: Steps for moving from waterfall to agile Looks like you have made the two most important decisions for transforming your software development process: Refactoring should be done during the sprint. As @Sklivvz pointed out, it is not a separate task. You do refactoring in order to accomplish a task for the story that you are working on. Yes, you should include Graphic specialists and Business Analysts to the Scrum team. Development Teams are cross-functional, with all of the skills as a team necessary to create a product Increment. And split into two Scrum teams, as described above. First of all, I hope you have unit tests written for your code. "If you don't have unit tests, think long and hard before refactoring. Without tests, you can't know you didn't break anything. Write unit tests first if necessary." Maximize the contribution margin from your constrained resource To grow such a business you want to maximize the contribution margin. Contribution margin is the selling price minus the variable cost per unit. In a job shop business of this type your key decision point is the desired product mix you shoot for. For example, if you would like to get more orders for Product A, you can create promotional materials for it, give better incentive to your sales team and so on.