Many old catalogs have been digitized and can be found in a similar way. 

With the thumbs only on the hoods, palms vertical, wrists high, two fingers wrapped under the hoods, similar to sprinting on the hoods. You can operate brakes from this position, but not so easily. 

When my daughter was riding the trailer-bike I had to tell her to stop pedaling, otherwise I could not stop at traffic lights :-) 

When the kids were reaching the weight limit of the seat (18 kg IIRC) they were big enough to ride on a trailer-bike such as (Set it up properly with the seat at the correct height and angle). 

Sitting up more, with hands on the tops. Your hands can be close to the middle or wider to the corners. You'll find each position puts your wrist in a slightly different position. 

We don't usually supply lists of resources here, because they don't really fit with the general SE question-with-one-best-answer approach. 

Once you find such a person, find a second. Sometimes you just don't get along with them. For me, I have to feel I can trust the person, and get honest discussion of the options and the pros and cons. 

If you're looking at buying a frame, first make sure it's designed to be built up the way you want (most importantly for you does it have horizontal dropouts). Then measure it and make sure it will fit. Best done by finding a bike that does fit you and comparing the measurements, since building up the frame will cost money. 

If you're expecting to do this, IMO you're better off learning to dive roll properly. Either through a martial art like aikido or ninjitsu, or through gymnastics. That skill will help you in a much wider range of situations than "if I have a couple of seconds to get organised I can bunny hop". Also, the most likely result of trying this is that you end up hitting the curb with the bike, then the pavement with your body. So rolling will be useful either way... 

You're talking about a "bunny hop" and it can be done at speed on a loaded bike but it's high risk. You'd almost certainly be better off jumping off the bike and rolling. US Bike Trials call it a "side hop", but in anglonesia I've mostly heard it called a bunny hop. 

I suggest reading random cycle touring sites and travelogues to get an idea of what people do and how they travel, in the area where you're likely to be riding. You have everything from the Paris-Best-Paris style randonneur "carry nothing" tourists to four wheel "bicycle campervan"travellers in the low countries of Europe, so there's a lot of different options you can choose. But the easy one is definitely how you're starting - get a bike, pack a change of clothes, and ride. 

If you are inclined to speed up, I suggest overtaking on the motorist's left, which is likely to be legal as well as safer. A motorist behind this one is probably going to slow down rather than hit the turning car, so even if the main road you're on has a higher speed than you can normally maintain, you might find you can make it through that gap and around the turning car safely. 

Pictures: (click for bigger view. And yes, it's the wrong hand but it was easier to take photos that way. ) 

"On the hoods", "Hoods" Hands on the brake hoods. The brake hood is that rubbery thing that the brake lever comes out of and on a modern road bike likely also contains the shifter. There's different ways to put your hands on the hoods, I'm showing two I use. 

† "Urban" or maybe "City" or "Street" or something that means "road" without actually saying road. Sort of a silly term that their marketing departments came up with. 

Most road-bike riders primarily use the hoods, and that's generally what's currently encouraged. It's the most comfortable position that you can brake and shift from and gives you good leverage. The drops are your fastest position and also give you good leverage. Middle is most comfortable for your hands, but gives you the least control. 

Try to stick with something close to the same width and they'll work fine with your existing rims. Mountain (off-road) tires with their knobs can require more clearance at the same size. 

In other words: yes, a 29" tire should work fine, as long as it's not too wide. 

Here's a few I found (starting with brands my 3 favorite LBSs carry, then some stuff I've randomly run into elsewhere): 

There's a bunch of different cycling clubs in or near SF, but I think many of their organized rides go outside of SF. (SF is only 7 miles across). If you just want to ride around on your own, you can probably find out the routes for some of these rides. 

But my hands don't really fit forward in the drops where I can reach the brakes. Unless I rotate out and/or squish my hand up a bit; neither of which isn't comfortable: