Replace the chain for a new one. Always replace chain first. Never replace anything else before putting a new chain. Chain must be new. There's no need to remove the "glue" it comes with, neither add another lube (this is objectionable, but I think a bit of initial wear and settling - if any - of the new components is more good than harm). If the chain skips in the rear, you can take the following approaches, in that order: Ride slowly at first, and wait for the said settling down of components. This means the old cog should wear a bit and regain its proper shape. This requires a lot of patience, sometimes. If you have a not-so-worn-out chain (read below), you can install it and ride with it for a while. Then you can install the new one. If not number 1 or 2, replace the cogs and rest your mind. Disregarding the rear cogs, if the front chainrings skip, first and foremost REGRET A LOT, then do one of the following approaches, in that order: Flip the ring inside out if possible, or if you don't want to perform the (preferrable) next step. Disassemble the ring, take a round file, and remove a bit of the base of each tooth, yelding the proper round base and vertical tooth end (and not the ugly sawtooth shape it has now it's worn-to-the-core). This sounds odd, but works like a charm, is easy to do. The same approach might help for the rear cogs, but requires Heavy Wizardry on Metal Handcrafting (I saved a lot of expensive clusters this way, but my last attempts were not successful. I gave up buying expensive clusters anyway, but my old failed clusters are hidden here, waiting for advances in technology to appear). Spend the bucks and sigh in relief. Not to say everything on the subject hasn't been said, let's suppose you finally reached the dynamic equilibrium of replacing a chain each time it stretches by X per cent (it's not good measuring on KM ridden. It is always adviseable to measure distance between pins. The distance between 24 pins should be 12 inches.) 

The suspension wears out while it works, due to friction; The suspension, when locked, suffers from impacts and vibration, both of which mechanically stress the whole structure, and specially the lockout mechanism. I think the first reason might not be right on good-quality suspensions which have good washers/O-rings to auto-clean the mud and dust away, and in these cases keeping it locked for too long might actually make the dust build-up even greater than a free-moving suspension. 

(Unfortunately, this is normal.) 

So, it seems to me the worst thing you could do to decrease the life of your fork is to use it locked when it should be actually open, that is, everywhere except very very smooth asphalt roads, or during long climbings, or during sprints. 

This happens because a worn chain, having a greater distance between pins, touches "higher" on the teeth and creates a ramp (sharktooth) profile, causing a new chain to skip. A new chain, in the other hand, always touches the bottom of the teeth, then wearing them out by "thinning", instead of "ramping" 

Regarding the "last longer" part, there would be two approaches: 

EDIT: The answer posted by Daniel Hicks and the comment by user973810 are better. Just in case, the following method works. 

The bikes themselves - in this case, the frame - are pretty much standard on all the modern mountain bikes. 

I would do the following: buy a new chain and try. If it works, it works. If it skips, I put back the old chain and keep the new one at home. When the time arrives, I change the cassette and then install the new chain. 

Front and rear are already "functionally different" on two-wheeled vehicles, to the point that we have different tread patterns and even wheel sizes (at least in motorcycles this is common-practice). 

Of course, if the process is made with more chains, you get each time more kilometers per buck, with not so much work or patience required. Only an unusual dose of discipline. 

The fork is "right" if it has the right "sag", that is, if it lowers a bit when you get on the bike. The right sag is no less than 10%, no more than 25% of total travel, for a regular bike (non-downhill, non-special-purpose); Basically three "areas" must be addressed on maintenance: Cleaning the inside, for removal of old oil/grease, water, mud, grime, rust, etc. Caring for the damping elements, which could be elastomer, coil, air chamber, open oil bath, etc. That would vary a lot depending on the type; Lubing the telescopic parts, which are responsible for the movement of the fork. Depending on the type (open oil bath, for example) the damping oil and the stanchion-lubing oil is the same, so it is serviced together. This is called "preload", and probably increases or decreases the compression of a coil spring or elastomer. That is for the adjustment of "sag" according to your weight, being equivalent to say that it lets the fork "harder" or "softer". As far as I know, the brand of your fork is on the cheap end of the quality spectrum, so it's possible that it doesn't work perfectly, or at least not as perfectly as higher-end models. I'd say that, if it "works", meaning if it saves your body (hands mostly) from shaking over bumps, then keep it, even if it has too much sag, or some play, or is not so light. But if it "gives up" working too soon (say, you go over bumps and it barely moves, or you feel the bumps hard on your hands), than it is well worth to change it for a better model.