Joining the game for the first time. Case 1: The new player takes seat 6. The next hand he can post the BB and be dealt a hand. Nothing changes. What is the minimum raise the next player can make? As i am coding a poker game at the moment, i am facing with the problem of a new player joining or rejoining a hand already in progress. That being said i have drawn an image to better illustrate what i'm asking for. You say that i should't code a special case when a third player joins and that is exactly what i am trying to figure it out, the general rule. But to me this seems to be a special case especially when the third hand the dealer will have to stay on the same seat while the blinds accommodate. It's as if the big blind always moves instead of the button. Example of missing only the big blind: You sit out in UTG position and miss the big blind the next hand. Then, the hand after, the small blind leaves allowing for the dealer button to jump over you therefore skipping the small blind instead of missing it. Case #3: Player is on seat 4. The next hand he is not allowed to play it but only after the dealer. The hand after is case #2 all over again. After reading Jon's answer and a bit of testing on pokerstars play money i realized that i have overcomplicated things in my previous cases. The only difference between a new player at the table and a returning one is that the latter might have missed some blinds while being away. With this in mind i think there are only three cases in total. Case #1: Player is on seat 6. The next hand he will naturally be the big blind so regardless of being a new player or a returning player he will post only the big blind. The things get complicated and i do not understand what happens when there are two players playing head-to-head and a third player joins. Depending on the blinds positioning system, i've seen situations when a player can miss either the small or the big blind alone or both. Pokerstars (and not only), due to it's forward button system, it allows for players to skip blinds the next hand if one of the blinds leaves. Case 2: The new player takes seat 4. The next hand he is not allowed to play until the dealer has passed him. The dealer will be seat 3, SB will be seat 5 and BB will be seat 6. Example of missing both blinds: You sit out in UTG position and wait for the dealer to pass over you before joining again. Game: Texas Holdem No Limit, blinds 5/10. Example of missing only the small blind: You play the big blind and sit out the next hand, therefore missing the small blind.