Don't forget to tell your son when you are happy with him and to tell him that you love him even when you aren't happy with his choices. You aren't walling him off -- you are just not fighting with him. verb 1. train (someone) to obey rules or a code of behavior, using punishment to correct disobedience. 

We sit down as a family after we've eaten the dinner we prepared together and done the dishes, to do homework, pay bills, and read or write. We also have what we jokingly call "State of the Union" talks. What is working? Is something needed, not needed? 

For the future -- you want every visit to start with a clean slate. 

Okay when a parent breaks their child's trust by overreacting to a problem or destroying property, or mistakenly disciplines one child for something they did not do or someone else did: 

My 'cure for a dirty room' is to remove things. My kid hated having no sheets, blankets or pillows and lasted one night without them. She did the laundry and started looking after that stuff. I've asked her for ideas she felt would help her remember (she didn't offer up anything other than, "I just need to remember, Mommy - I'll try harder." 

In the past, things like this (toilet flushing, hand washing, turning off lights, etc. have come and gone and this method works and by the time a few weeks to a month has passed she has either outgrown the "forgetfulness" or learned what she needed to and we've moved on. For some reason, this particular habit has had a staying power the others have not. An example I used recently went something like this, "well, Will it be fair for them when they move out of their house and don't know how to do chores to keep it clean and cared for? - Ok, now go pick up your toys. and then come back and you'll need to do one household chore with me. That one was critical of the other, but it is really the truth. 

I am absolutely comfortable with having them at my house and with my daughter bicycling with these kids when I am in earshot, but as we are in a neighborhood where there have been wild dog attacks not too far away, I prefer that my daughter stay in view of the house and that she report to me whenever changing households (going inside) just so I know which house she is visiting.