Hence, as a sense of awareness and general perception, put the above information in light, it can be inferred that if you're helped say, here in this site then you either make efforts to know the address of the one who helped by teaching you something and then send him a gift or do the like which is useful for him .........or......... simply make Du'a for the person if he deserves it as simply asking Allah "O Allah! Grant him something good." or in other words tell him "Jazakallah Khair" meaning/specifying, you already wished/prayed in your heart for his welfare. It doesn't matter whether you use the word "Jazakallah Khair" or "Shukran" or "thanks", unless you do something useful to the person who helped you. So, instead the one who helped you prefers something useful in return from you. So, simply using the modern "thanks" to please him would do him no good to please him in reality unless you specify, that you did something useful for him, i.e. by specifying that you prayed for him, i.e. by saying "Jazakallah Khair" (May Allah reward you with good things). After listening, to this, a person / believer / who is aware of what "Jazakallah Khair" means and it's importance would be glad to hear this than a modern "thanks". Actual (and rather useful) thanks: do something useful to the one who helped you. While often used as a form of long-term Islamic financing, murabaha can just as easily be used in a more immediate sense (e.g. having someone acquire a particular product for you if you can't leave the house). The "services provided" — be they for the long-term or the immediate transaction — would be the willingness and ability of the third party (e.g. the bank) to serve as an intermediary. What is important to note is that the first trade needs to be completed in full: The involved good is fully and completely owned by the bank after they purchase it before it can then be resold to the end buyer. Until such time as the final sale is transacted with the end buyer, the bank legally owns the property (and is responsible for any risks and/or costs that may entail). Is this provided service worth the profit margin involved? That's up to the end buyer (and basic supply and demand) to decide. The literal word used in the Qur'an for "Thank" is "Ashkur" nothing but "Shukran" or the like. The above actual "thanks" is what that can be inferred from Qur'an 31:14 and also from the Hadith in the article i.e. thanking, can be either done by doing something useful to the one who helped you, or simply making Du'a (may Allah grant you good things) for the person who helped you. (Still even in this way you're doing something useful to the one who helped you). I don't see how today's definition of simply writing the word or saying "Thanks" would even come closer to the actual "Thanks". I think it is pretty clear in the article pointed by Mr. Dinar the actual meaning of the word "Shukr" or the actual "thank". Hence, as a sense of awareness and general perception, put the above information in light, it can be inferred that if you're helped say, here in this site then you either make efforts to know the address of the one who helped by teaching you something and then send him a gift or do the like which is useful for him .........or......... simply make Du'a for the person if he deserves it as simply asking Allah "O Allah! Grant him something good." or in other words tell him "Jazakallah Khair" meaning/specifying, you already wished/prayed in your heart for his welfare. While often used as a form of long-term Islamic financing, murabaha can just as easily be used in a more immediate sense (e.g. having someone acquire a particular product for you if you can't leave the house). The "services provided" — be they for the long-term or the immediate transaction — would be the willingness and ability of the third party (e.g. the bank) to serve as an intermediary. Is this provided service worth the profit margin involved? That's up to the end buyer (and basic supply and demand) to decide. What is important to note is that the first trade needs to be completed in full: The involved good is fully and completely owned by the bank after they purchase it before it can then be resold to the end buyer. Until such time as the final sale is transacted with the end buyer, the bank legally owns the property (and is responsible for any risks and/or costs that may entail). Murabaha is, in its essence, just a pair of shari'ah-compliant trades: Adding a profit when reselling a good is rather fundamental to trade, and can hardly be considered riba; God has clearly permitted one and forbidden the other. The only difference between a regular trade and a murabaha agreement is that the end buyer and price profit margin are agreed to in advance.