Now, therefore, be it known that I, Andrew Johnson President of the United States, by virtue of the power and authority in me vested by the Constitution and in the name of the sovereign people of the United States, do hereby proclaim and declare unconditionally and without reservation, to all and to every person who, directly or indirectly, participated in the late insurrection or rebellion a full pardon and amnesty for the offense of treason against the United States or of adhering to their enemies during the late civil war, with restoration of all rights, privileges, and immunities under the Constitution and the laws which have been made in pursuance thereof. 

The incident, which captured the nation's imagination for one day, is described by this report from the Grizzly Bear Magazine, April 1914: 

In this description I have simplified things because I have neglected freight and exchange discounts, which make the transaction much more complicated, but this is the essential skeleton of what happens. 

The exclusion of, for example, women to polling places was a matter of decorum, not right to vote, and woman, indians, minors and other such people not allowed into a polling place, had every right to vote so long as they paid taxes. In such cases the property owner (ie tax payer) would send an agent or representative to vote for them and execute their will. For example, to quote the laws of New Jersey in 1800: 

Aeronautics Magazine February 1912 

The "white plague" refers to tuberculosis. 

The shift from 21 to 18 as the age of majority happened around 1970. For example, in Massachusetts it occurred in 1974. 

Note that under ancient Saxon law the "age of discretion" was 14 for a male and 12 for a female and this prevailed for a long time in English Common Law, but this is only the age at which they may marry and become liable to committing felonies. Under English Common Law, to enter into a contract and be recognized fully as an adult you must be 21 and this was always the case. Here is a quote: 

Traditionally the age of majority has always been 21 for males and 18 or 21 for females, depending on the state. A female always gains majority on marrying, thus oddly you could have a situation where the husband is older than his wife, yet is a minor, but his wife is an adult. 

From the above law, you can see only single women were not allowed into the polling place and required an agent. A married woman or widow who owned property would presumably have been allowed to enter and vote herself.