Historically, Pakistan had similar arrangements on a much larger geographic scale in its Northwest Frontier provinces, although as I understand it this is no longer the case, and English gentry similar had law enforcement authority ex officio (and at their own expense) in the vicinity of their estates through the 19th century. 

The FDA was organized in 1927. Prohibition was in place from 1920 to 1933, so at the time the agency was created, giving it jurisdiction over alcohol would have been like giving it jurisdiction over cocaine or marijuana. Alcohol was considered contraband and wasn't in the same category as ordinary food and drugs. And, when prohibition ended, the regulation of alcohol, tainted by its prohibition history, was not seen as something in the same category of the technocratic health regulation of food and drugs. It was a job for an agency that could keep former mobsters in check, not one for chemists in the agriculture department. 

For example, a statement that gun control saves lives (or does not save lives) involves cause and effect determinations in highly complex social science contexts where there could be hidden causes or misunderstood relationships. Given that the courts and government don't necessarily have a superior ability to sort of the truth of statements like these, these kinds of statements are given special protections from legal liability for being false. 

In General There is no uniform definition or process involved in a federal investigation, a catch-all term that encompasses a multitude of activities. A very significant share of all federal government activity involves conducting investigations and similar tasks such as "studies", "inspections", "inquests" and "audits". Similarly, to be called "wine" a product must be derived from fermented grapes, and to be called "brandy" a product must be derived from the distillation of wine. Another defined term is "malt liquor" (which is a form of beer with added alcohol). "Gin" must be derived according to regulatory specifications from juniper berries. (5) Mr. Padilla represents a continuing, present and grave danger to the national security of the United States, and detention of Mr. Padilla is necessary to prevent him from aiding al Qaeda in its efforts to attack the United States or its armed forces, other governmental personnel, or citizens; To Clarify The Legal Effect Of Language In Other Laws Or Contracts Or Of Particular Kinds Of Conduct Many laws are also passed that instead of having a "penalty" per se are used to interpret other laws or agreements or situations. Saira Blair, an eighteen year old Republican West Virginia state legislator (who was just seventeen when she won the primary election to put her on a November ballot at which time she was eighteen) certainly is an example that there can indeed be an eighteen year elected official who actually campaigns on her own and legitimately serves. As the other answer noted, few countries allow people who aren't old enough to vote to run for office, and few countries allow someone under the age of eighteen to vote. Several U.S. states have kept laws establishing religious tests in their state constitutions, even though those provisions have been held to be unconstitutional and unenforceable, as a symbolic way to show support for the religious majority. In Congress or in committees with investigative powers, the decision to investigate is usually made either by the committee chair or by a vote of the committee, or by legislation, all of which require majority support to initiate. 

They were considered for repeal by a Law Commission report in 2012, but were found to still be relevant. 

It reveals that the bill's passage through Parliament looked like this: 

There is a website for searching the Official Report of debates in Parliament (Hansard). In particular, there is an index of bills which have been mentioned in Parliament, including an entry for references to the Freedom of Information Bill (and other bills of that name). 

Alongside that, what is the oldest law still in force which has been shown to still be relevant? 

Chapters 1, 4, 15 and 23 of the Statute of Marlborough 1267, an Act of the English Parliament, are still in force in the UK. 

UPDATE, Jan 2016: A subsequent Law Commission report found that chapter 15, and part of chapter 4, have now been superseded and can be repealed (though at the time of writing, this has not yet happened). Chapters 1 and 23 "appear to have continuing value". 

(1) Whenever, between the time of the final judgment in a criminal case and the time the sentence is fully served, a law is enacted that stipulates a lighter penalty, the original sentencing shall be reduced to the special maximum of the new sentencing if the previous one exceeded that special maximum. not really justified - number of murders by shooting within European Union is quite small (about 1,000 homicides per year at about 700M population, as opposed to about 30K in USA at about 300M population. So, there is small justification for need of such items This means that any favorable criminal laws changes cannot be reversed, even if the Parliament rejects the ordinance (of course, this applies to those having trials or serving time between the ordinance being issued and its rejection in the Parliament). 

I think this restriction is also related to the following: 

At the end of January 2017, Romanian Government The trick is that some of these changes affected the Criminal Laws where "the more favorable criminal law" applies. According to this source: