Finally, I recommend you pay attention to your child's wants and tendencies more. Rather than having some idea and asking why she won't do something, see what she does like and does do, and do that. Responsive parenting is key, especially in the first few years; when I stopped pushing an agenda with my older son and started rolling with what he enjoyed, my life got a lot easier, and it's worked very well with my younger child. I'm still making sure he has lots of opportunities to learn - but I'm going to the science and industry museum instead of the aquarium, because that's what he enjoys. 

You teach a toddler to draw pretty much the same way you teach any activity. 

If you want to read more, there are support groups like Laura's Playground, or you can talk to a trained child psychologist. 

I can't tell you what to do with your child's father, either, although if it were me I would let him know that such language is inappropriate, and that if he wants to be involved in his son's life, he should read some parenting books, particularly ones that explain how children develop socially and emotionally. That kind of attitude is very unfortunate, and not something I'd be particularly interested in having around my child. Perhaps you have a religious figure or someone in the community who can help. 

Few toddlers at 2 will have the hand-eye coordination to do much more than scribble, I know my 2 year old is what I'd consider "good" at coloring and it's just a bunch of scribbles on the picture (but it shows good contact and is mostly centered over the picture!). But that's how you get her started, by giving her the chance to do it and showing her how. Kids at that age pick up a lot just by watching and copying/imitating. 

Are there other things we can do to try and increase our toddler's iron intake? He eats 'normal' food (whatever we're having), and mostly has fresh fruit or cheese/yogurt for snacks. He is a good (non-picky) eater, and rarely has to be encouraged to eat more of anything. 

Fifteen months is early even for 100% picture books. It's far too early for understanding a storyline - it's too early for the level of imagination capable of understanding that there could be such a thing as a story. 

If your daughter's last three measurements were in the 25%-50% range, as her current one looks to be (Assuming 35" was her measurement at 30 months), then it looks like she's likely to hit 41" between 4.5 and 5. However, if she actually measured more consistently between 50th and 75th percentiles (as you don't list any other measurements), she might be more likely to hit between 4 and 4.5. And again, remember these are not predictions, just standards; my youngest was in the 75th-85th percentile for his first year, regressing towards the mean slowly over the second year. This might, however, be enough for your current task (guessing how long a toy will be useful for). 

Orthotics: There is no evidence that wearing orthotics are effective treatments to correct flatfeet. However, orthotics may be useful in preventing the ankles from rolling inward and reduce the strain on muscles and the associated pain. 

I agree that negative attention may be just as rewarding for your little one as positive attention. Therein lies the challenge. 

For extra protein, offer more of these foods: eggs, milk, cheese, peanut butter, cottage cheese, puddings, legumes, ricotta cheese, meats, & yogurt. 

According to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gifted intellectual giftedness is different from a skill. Skills are learned or acquired behaviors while intellectual giftedness is usually believed to be an innate, personal aptitude for intellectual activities that cannot be acquired through personal effort. 

Giftedness requires challenging curriculum and the diligence necessary to acquire and execute many learned skills in order to produce academic success. Giftedness includes intellectual, bodily-kinesthetic, interpersonal, and emotional intelligence as well as artistic or creative giftedness. 

A really cute book that kids enjoy about pacifier weaning is "The Last Noo-Noo." Parents find this helpful with the pacifier rite of passage. 

Wrapping: Properly wrapping ankles with elastic bandages to support them during sports activities may be beneficial. 

Non-complaint behavior may or may not be related to one's ability to listen. Sometimes, a child listens and clearly understands the "rules" or expectations, yet chooses to not conform. The term "not minding" is a better description than "not listening" for these children. 

Add extra margarine or butter to: cooked cereal, rice, pasta dishes, sandwiches, potatoes, and vegetables. 

Therefore, gifted children need a WIDE variety of stimulating activities repeatedly in order to gain various skills. These activities should stimulate: 

Include supplements, such as:Boost® Pediasure®, Carnation Instant Sport shakes® & Breakfast®, and Yo-J®. 

When those first pearly whites emerge (or even before) begin using an Infadent brush. This soft sleeve with fine bristles fits over the tip of an adults finger. It is dense enough to protect from bites and feels good to gums. And, it comes with an "infant" toothpaste and is easily cleaned. 

Perhaps, focusing on listening skills in a positive atmosphere will generalize to "remembering" behavior rules too! 

Spread cream cheese or peanut butter (watch for allergies) on: crackers, muffins, fruit slices, pancakes, graham crackers, and pretzels. 

Most children with flexible flatfeet are asymptomatic. However, some children complain of discomfort when wearing footwear with arch supports. Other children are clumsy or walk oddly to compensate for pain and discomfort. Very active children or ones who participate in sports requiring running or jumping sometimes complain of foot and leg pain or limp and fatigue on long walks. Sometimes, the ankles roll inward as a child walks or runs and creates uneven wear patterns on shoes and causes stress and associated pain in knees and hips.