Hopefully others can add answers which cover other recreational drugs in other geographic regions in the ancient and medieval world. Unfortunately, the archaeological evidence was inconclusive. The extremely arid conditions resulted in unusually good preservation of organic remains, so we really do have a lot of evidence. In cases like this we usually rely on similarities between the archaeological evidence from different sites to suggest links between ancient peoples. This might include burial practices, the types of animals being farmed, or even (where it survives) clothing. In this case, we have all of the above, but the evidence was inconclusive. Some evidence supported one theory, and other evidence (from the same site) supported the other. 

To begin with Aristotle's Metaphysics, it's worth noting that the word "metaphysics" doesn't actually appear in any of Aristotle's texts as they have come down to us today. A Google search for "Deir el Medina primary sources" will give you plenty of web-sites documenting the kind of primary sources you are looking for. 

The first theory suggested that the earliest settlers in this region were nomadic herders who had migrated from the steppes of Russia, Siberia and Kazakhstan. The other theory suggested that people first travelled to the region from Bactria (roughly, modern Uzbekistan, Afghanistan, and Turkmenistan). 

Another example (BGU 4.1105), from a case in Alexandria in 10 BC, records the testimony of a woman who testified in court against her husband for divorce on a charge of wife-beating and squandering her dowry. Ancient battles were almost never fought at night. Even moving large forces at night was unusual. The Egyptian army had just endured a long march and would have been tired, while Darusha's forces were fresh, but out of position. Your medallion is probably cast, rather than hammered, although I can't make out enough of the edge detail from your photograph to be certain. I've seen medallions like that sold online from time-to-time. They usually sell for a few pounds Sterling. 

Rome established a single empire with a single language, currency and laws. This doesn't mean that other languages didn't survive - and even thrive - alongside the official Latin of the Romans. In the Eastern Empire particularly, we know that Greek and (albeit to a lesser degree) the Egyptian and Aramaic languages continued to be in use. As Matt has pointed out in the comments above, the traditional answer to the question of "Who gave the title "Metaphysics" to Aristotle's work?" is Andronicus of Rhodes. According to the tradition, he was the Greek philosopher and scholar who, as Scholarch of the Peripatetic school in the first century AD, catalogued and named Aristotle's works. 

Details in the original texts are often difficult to interpret. There can be a number of reasons for this. Firstly, descriptions of the battle and subsequent siege are much less complete than we would like. They frequently give us just the highlights where we would prefer to know more detail. 

A slightly later inscription (dated c271 AD) includes the title "Sebaste", the Greek equivalent of "Empress" (the Latin would be "Augusta"). Another, with a dedication stating that the statue was raised by two senior army commanders, describes her as the "most illustrious and pious queen". We know that the "xtm" (probably a "fort" rather than a "fortress") in which Thutmose stayed during the Siege of Megiddo was on the east ("iAbty") of the town. That much is made explicit in the inscription: An inscription on one of Zenobia's statues recorded her name as "Septimia Bat-Zabbai, daughter of Antiochus". "Zenobia" is the feminine form of Zabbai when written in Greek.