Of course, God is said to be the Father of spirits (Hebrews 12:9, D&C 76:24). How does that fit into the picture? 

Lehi told his sons that God wanted them to retrieve records (Old Testament scriptures and geology) from Laban. Nephi's two oldest brothers (somewhat understandably) doubted that such a thing was possible 

...because of these things which are taken away out of the gospel of the Lamb, an exceedingly great many do stumble... Place of the righteous, post-judgement 

Doctrinally, they believe they live in the last times (latter days), which are promised to be so tough that even the righteous barely survive. In fact, almost anytime Lord appears in the KJV Bible (or in the Book of Mormon), it is a translation for יהוה. 

He said there was a book deposited, written upon gold plates, giving an account of the former inhabitants of this continent, and the source from whence they sprang. He also said that the fulness of the everlasting Gospel was contained in it, as delivered by the Savior to the ancient inhabitants; 

"Little children" do not need to be baptized (Moroni 8), but until D&C 68 there wasn't a particular age at which someone became not a "little child". 

And after these plain and precious things were taken away it goeth forth unto all the nations of the Gentiles...because of the many plain and precious things which have been taken out of the book, which were plain unto the understanding of the children of men, according to the plainness which is in the Lamb of God — because of these things which are taken away out of the gospel of the Lamb, an exceedingly great many do stumble, yea, insomuch that Satan hath great power over them. 

Last month, the president of the Church said (and similar quotes can be found many places): 

Similarly, the answer to "What is the source of God's power?" is probably "God". God has God's power. Perhaps that isn't really satisfying, but it's accurate. If anything, this verse seems to imply that the Father and Son are separate. 

Ordinances for the deceased -- the living perform essential ordinances in proxy for the dead As in the Bible, tithes in the LDS Church were once commonly paid in-kind, that is in livestock, crops, land, etc. In fact, in the very same King Follett discourse you quoted -- which is probably the most detailed description on God's exaltation -- Joseph Smith says: 

There has never been any record of revelation to restrict the priesthood from blacks. It could have been a divine mandate, or a human custom. But we don't know. For after it hath filled the measure of its creation, it shall be crowned with glory, even with the presence of God the Father; Had it not been for a living oracle, Israel would not have been lead out of Egyptian captivity. There was nothing wrong with what God had said to his people before that time, but what he said then to Moses was necessarily tailored to the Israelites' current predicament. Joseph Fielding Smith elaborated And ye will also know that ye are a remnant of the seed of Jacob; therefore ye are numbered among the people of the first covenant... 

This isn't speculation as much as just a lack of further specification. I realize that's not very citable, other than to say Moroni 8 was simply the most detailed instruction available for those 18 months. 

To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne. 

Employment The LDS church runs employments centers, open to members and the public to help people get job skills and find employment. Members are taught to get as much education as possible, and the Church has the Perpetual Education Fund. 

(1) Out of reverence, Jews never pronounced יהוה when reading scripture. 

"What is heaven like?" is one of the great mysteries. It probably has a similar answer to "What is being alive like?": you'd have to be there to know.