Matthew 26 begins the story of Jesus' arrest (26:47), beatings (26:67), handing over to the mob and further beatings (27:26, 27:30) and crucifixion (27:35). 

The Purpose of Slavery The Southern Argument for Slavery ibid. ? Bible - New International Version Bethany Veney, A Slave Woman (1889) Slave Marriages Bible - New International Version 

The Book of Acts was written to cover the events immediately after the Resurrection to show how Christianity came to be such a large movement then, which continues today. 

Like most claims of authorship, dating, and syncretism, this comes down to which bits of evidence you find more convincing. My impression is that most scholars find the evidence suggesting that The Legend of Sargon influenced Exodus the most convincing. So if you want to "prove" that the stories of Moses influenced the stories of Sargon, you need to convince the other party that Exodus was written earlier than the 7th Century BC and that there is little reason to think that the tablets we have of The Legend of Sargon is not a copy of earlier writings. 

Wikipedia on crucifixion covers much that supports what I have said above including prolonging death and desecration of the body after death. 

Specifically, a story of Sargon's birth places him in a basket and has him sent down the river, much like Moses' birth as detailed in Exodus. 

Ex 21:7-11 was also not likely to be discussed because sex with slaves was almost always illegitimate and certainly taboo.citation needed (although I consider common knowledge) 

But one should ask this question: what was the dominant Christian denomination in the South at that time? I will not answer the implications but that group was the relatively new Southern Baptist.citation The Southern Baptist is still the largest denomination in the South today. 

Most theologians would say that it is was this point that Christianity split from Judaism. There were still many Jews who would not believe the resurrection, therefore, there was nothing miraculous about Jesus, but many others did believe, therefore, He became known as the Messiah and the Christ, the One who fulfilled prophecy. Secular historians must neglect the resurrection as fact, however, they do not neglect that Christianity was recognized as from Judaism but different and distinct from Judaism quite early; most estimate that Christianity was well established as a separate religion before AD 200. 

Later, however, Jesus' disciples and a few other persons began claiming to have seen Jesus alive. Not alive in that He actually survived execution, but alive in that God had raised Him from the dead and glorified Him. Over the course of a short time many more claim to have seen the resurrected Jesus until He ascended into heaven 40 days (I think) after His resurrection. This too is detailed in the Gospels. 

The American slave holder may have used this verse, but likely only to show that ancient Hebrew law allowed slavery so long as it was not part of your own kinship. 

First, I will note a common misconception that the curse was on Ham. It was actually on Canaan, one of Ham's sons of about 30, which is later shown in Genesis. What is also shown later in Genesis is that Ham and his family moved south to settle the southern region of the Earth, which happens to be predominately populated by black skinned persons today. 

Crucifixion was somewhat common in that time, as your question points out. The issue I think you are hinting at is maybe Christ's beatings by the Sanhedrin and Romans before His crucifixion. The first is that the Sanhedrin heard Him blaspheme right in front of them and would have stoned him on the spot according to their laws, but it is apparent they were not allowed to execute. The other beatings occurred after he was handed over to the Romans. Pilate had Him beaten and lashed before handing Him over to the mob for execution. There is an old and common argument that Pilate did not want to execute Christ because he was under the impression that His followers may revolt, so instead he had Him beaten, hoping the punishment would be enough to appease the mob. Obviously it was not. So it might be possible that severe beating before being crucified was uncommon, so perhaps Christ did suffer more in this respect. However, according to Matthew, Jesus was flogged after Pilate agreed to hand Him over to the mob knowing full well what they were going to do to Him. Perhaps then a flogging before execution was common. Other beatings occurred when He was under the care of the cruel guards. They mocked him and put thorns on his head. I would think this kind of treatment was common, but I have no source.