At issue, in part, is the question of why mathematics is effective in physics. Does mathematics have in some meaningful sense a metaphysical role in the way that the world works — is there a 'music of the spheres' whose sheet music is written in mathematical notation? Or is it that mathematics is a sufficiently versatile tool that we find it capable of describing many things, including in particular the relationships we see in the universe (in particular because these relationships prompt the development of mathematics)? The reason why this is important is that it may have ramifications for how many different approximate descriptions there are for the laws of nature using mathematics. The point of the analogies above is to give some idea of the range of possibilities (and there are likely more possibilities than those I have mentioned above) for how the physical world may be like. If you accept the analogy, then you may try to consider your question by considering giving several numerically gifted thirteen-year-olds a single digit string 0.x1x2x3... , and asking yourself: under what conditions are they likely to arrive at the same expression or approximation for the number x which it represents? Causality & Locality — the principle that the world is intelligible in terms of a network of causes and effects; and subsequent to Einstein's qualitative contemplation of the relativity of simultaneity, the principle that causal influences can only be due to spatio-temporally nearby objects, i.e. that despite the success of Newton's theory of gravity, his critics were right to intuit that spatial mediation/separation of interactions are significant. In this regard, you can be an atheist simply because you see no particular reason to believe in god; you "have no need for that hypothesis". This doesn't necessarily entail that you reject all possible god-notions out of hand — although you may feel justified in being skeptical of them, just as you would be justified in skepticism of whether time-travel is possible based on awareness of the sorts of paradoxes it might give rise to. But this leads to position #2. Please note that one doesn't need to swallow the whole verificationist framework in order to find this analysis pertinent for the question at hand. The distinction between metaphysical and mythological meaning isn't necessarily based on any strict verificationist assumption. We can certainly enlarge our understanding of empirical existence to include theoretical concepts (electrons, strings) and social facts (the existence of five dollar bills, being married to someone). We can even enlarge our understanding of existence to the non empirical domain to include fantastical concepts (unicorns, etc.), such that e.g. in "some sense" we can say true things about Sherlock Holmes. The nature of "non empirical claims" in science is a thorny matter. It was only in the 19th century that philosophically inclined scientists and mathematicians started to appreciate the role that analytic statements play in science.1 Science, Feyerabend concedes, is useful at times to society. The scientific worldview may be a conception that scientists need in order to do science, but it is "a disaster" if taken as a conception for society as a whole. He uses Japan (rightly or wrongly) to demonstrate a case where a society has adopted science as a tool to develop technologically, but has not taken up its ideology to replace previous world views in society. Put this way, I think the answer becomes more clear. If we adopt Jamesian/pragmatic terminology, we can say that the "cash value" of a scientific hypothesis resides in its testability (and the reproducibility of the results of that test); without those, it remains merely a thought experiment. I fear I may not have made my point clearly enough, so let me try again. In Nyāya (classical Indian) epistemology, there are recognized four types of epistemological warrants (Pramāṇa-s): In the case of "energy", we have very clear formulas that predict the effects of this occult cause, and the formulas work regardless of whether you believe in the cause or not. It doesn't matter if "energy" as a force actually exists, as long as it is adequate to the phenomena. I think a better way to frame the question is "Is a theory that is not falsifiable (in practice) useful?" If you can come up with a more parsimonious explanation for physical effects which does not require recourse to the concept of "energy", physicists will rejoice-- as long as the formulas still operate correctly. I leave the religious analogy as an exercise to the reader. Feyerabend's more in-depth political considerations are contained in his book Science in a Free Society (1978). There he explains the concepts of democratic relativism and free society in more detail. The book contains an illuminating analogy to exemplify his proposal of a free society and the role of experts therein: the system of courts of law in which citizens are judged by a jury of peers. While experts may be called to testify, they do not necessarily have an exceptional standing and are one factor among many leading to the final verdict, which is deliberated and agreed upon by a group of citizens. what is amenable to empirical testing what is (actually) part of science A lot of hypotheses which are scientific in the sense of (1) are not therefore part of (2). Science, Feyerabend concedes, is useful at times to society. The scientific worldview may be a conception that scientists need in order to do science, but it is "a disaster" if taken as a conception for society as a whole. He uses Japan (rightly or wrongly) to demonstrate a case where a society has adopted science as a tool to develop technologically, but has not taken up its ideology to replace previous world views in society.