The predictions of political and historical theories can be tested. The fact that failure does not dissuade anyone, is human psychology dismissing uncomfortable logic, rather than some magical difference between a fact and an opinion. Other weak disciplines like social psychology are still required to beat the odds, and they manage to do so by checking themselves against the odds in artificially statistical inquiries. So whenever you are addressing a prediction, wrong is wrong and weak theories should give way to more successful ones, but they can only do so when better ones actually exist. 

Our eyes seek certain colors and isolate them, but not for some philosophical or hard-physics reason. We have a three-primary color wheel because it is inborn. By certain theories, we evolved from apes that ate fruit, so we have sensors primarily for water and unripe and ripe fruit. We would not have this model of color if we did not impose it. 

It might make sense to back off from something as basic as space and time to color. Clearly, we do not perceive color in a way that clearly maps to any thing other than our own evolved senses. Outside of the realm of human beings, the primary colors are not the same, and there are not always three of them. 

Science has values. Not just that the people of the scientific community have values, but rather the enterprise of doing science imposes/requires a minimal set of values, i.e. things that are deemed "of value". These include things like: complete, transparent, and accurate reporting of findings; reproducibility of the processes used to derive the results; dispassionate reporting et al. When you interpret scientific results you can (or at least should be able to) assume that these results are being reported in accordance with these values. These are the values of science, as an ideal, and in my estimation/view the values that shape the actual practice of science as we know it. You can go down a rabbit hole of the hows/whys/wheres of deviations from these ideals do occur within science and/or when enough of them are violated we are no longer dealing with "True" (Scotsman) science etc. But for the purposes of this discussion, it makes sense to accept that science (or with more detail: sepcific communities with science) has some intrinsic/essential values. 

The transition from the common use of "materialism" to "physicalism" represents a recognition that the boundaries of the former are too narrow to accommodate what is now accepted about the nature of the world. I don't see a good reason to think that it is impossible that we cannot have a similar transition from physicalism to some x-alism if we were to conclude that there are some non-physical things that are none the less real (I don't know of any such things, but 17th century scientists/philosophers didn't now about quantum fields either). 

Another relevant mental faculty is the ability to feel pain; at the very least it's pretty generally accepted that we should avoid inflicting gratuitous pain on entities that can experience it. So it is almost certain that answering this would need to account for multiple features and their potential interactions in terms of "overall value". 

Observations can rule out entire classes of scientific ideas. If you get enough observations rule out a bunch of other ideas, such that for everything that is left as a possibility is still in the class of TENS; then you've "proven it"; again, I've seen this more in physics (more mathematically rigorous) where experiments rule out enough different possibilities that what is left is some variation on one kind of idea. 

In conventional medicine, the relevant definition is clinically effective -- basically that there is a statistically significant effect in a suitably controlled (and randomized) test sample. This includes accounting for the placebo effect. If a treatment is clinically effective, that should satisfy the logical positivists. It is not impossible for alternative medical practices to satisfy this requirement in principle (to my knowledge homeopathy specifically does not, but acupuncture has for some forms of pain management). Note that there is no problem of induction in applying the criterion of "clinically effective" to proposed medical treatments.