Ibn Hajar al 'Asqalani did some criticism about some narrators in about 110 ahadiths (32 of them are also in Sahih Muslim) he himself qualified them to be weak etc. but he also said as they were teachers of imam al-Bukhari he knows them best and he said that the weaknesses in those ahadith are not of the kind one have to reject them (to be found in al-Kholi's book Miftah as-Sunna which gives a great overview about the hadith sciences and their early history)! 

Jamal al-Bana or Gamal al-Bana wasn't a scholar but one could say an author and a Muslim thinker or better less a scholar than a liberal Muslim thinker! He was the younger brother of Hassan al-Bana the founder of the Muslim Brotherhood! 

The ten things quoted are: spread knowledge, prayers of an offspring, planting a palm (for waqf), waqf in general, a moshaf which is inherited, staying and defending a weak port of Muslims, drill a well (leaving it as waqf), leave a river run (for example which runs through his estate, and leave it for the estate of his neighbors too), building a house (where guests or travelers can seek refuge or knowledge is spread or for worship and dhikr), and finally teaching qur'an. See also this hadith in sunan ibn Majah: 

So we may conclude that "the forty" is based on the understanding of Arabs of what the amount "forty" may refer two in the colloquial language or the use of language. 

Anas was a young man when the Messenger of Allah passed away and a child of ten years when Muhammad came to Medina, so he couldn't have exactly witnessed how long the Prophet lived in Mekka, but he heard it from others, so here I wouldn't give much for the amount quoted in his hadith this means you can clearly delete or forget about all the quotes about 60 years. As his statement is less exact. 

Al-Bayhaqi also quoted a similar narration in his as-Sunan al-Kubra (also on the authority of abu Musa al-Ash'ari): 

Note that in the Arabic original neither the hadith nor the Verse you refer to use the word good as @Sayyid mentioned in his answer. Both only speak about deeds or work, without a qualification of it, this can only be concluded to some extent from the context, but maybe exactly this conclusion could lead to misunderstandings. As we are dealing with a translation (or interpretation) and interpreting based on it, so our we have doubled our multiplied our Error-Sources! 

Note that al-Kabir means the big (the great) in Arabic, while al-Awsat means the middle and as-Saghir means the little or the small. 

And addressing the wives or women: 

Most major sunni hadith (sahih al-Bukhari, sahin Muslim, Muwatt'a Malik, sunan abi Dawod, sunan ibn Majah, sunan an-Nasa'i, Jami' at-Tirmdihi) collections have such commentaries, bu there are also books that don't specify on a single collection for example al-Qadi 'Iyad's "mashariq al-Anwar" is a collection of rather ambiguous ahadith from the two sahihs and al-Muwatta'. There are also Mula 'Ali al-Qari's merqat al-Mafateeh which is a commentary on a hadith collection called meskhat al-Masabeeh ... 

What I can say so far is that the wording of the two ahadith you quoted is as is not to be considered as authentic. But the meaning or content is going ahead with the teachings of the Quran in first place and also with the sunnah as our Prophet practiced it. So maybe these are words of wisdom of a scholar or a wise man or maybe even the Prophet (as the fact that I couldn't find them in any book isn't a proof of it not being a saying of our Prophet). Also note that it is allowed to quote da'if ahadith in some cases. And in this case it wouldn't harm anybody to say it and it is as stated in line with Quran which clearly allows us to use or cite it, but one should give a hint about the qualification or authenticity. 

This hadith is considered as the abrogation of an other hadith mentioned in sunan abi Dawod and on which ibn Hajar commented in his bulugh al-Maram: 

Note that the 'Asr prayer is mentioned (or at least interpreted) in the Qur'an in two places: 

I hope now i made things clear! 

Of course there's one restriction which is also a general rule from the qur'an: we shouldn't eat in excess, and always try to find and follow the middle way! 

So Lesbianism is set equal to adultery, but without the same shari'a punishment (in this life)! 

Maybe i should add this: Is 'Aqida higher placed then Iman: If so, when am i a m'umin (a believer) then? 

Al-Qassy: are clothes mixed with silk lines