This time Chiang held a high level meeting of the Chinese government, which concluded that, with no demand for reparations or recognition of Manchukuo, the terms were actually acceptable. Chinese acceptance was transmitted to Trauntmann on 2 December for relaying to Japan - by which point, Japanese forces were on the verge of capturing Nanking. While it was in practice an American unit, the Devil's Brigade actually started as a British proposal. It originated from an ambitious British initiative for invading Norway called Operation Plough, a brainchild of the eccentric inventor Geoffrey Pyke. The katana style swords remained the standard into and till the end of the Second World War, with another version coming out in 1943. The Chinese Communist military force at the end of the Sino-Japanese War was ten times the size of the Communist Army mobilized immediately following the Japanese invasion. Hence, it appears that Chiang meant Great Britain and Churchill here. These terms were considered beyond the pale by the Chinese government. With Japanese doves cowed and open talk of using the truce to rearm by Chinese notables, the peace effort fell apart. The communications between national leaders are normally conducted through the embassies. I.e., Churchill would send a Typex-encrypted telegram to the British Embassy in Washington, DC, it is decrypted there, and delivered in person to the White House. Similarly, Roosevelt would send a SIGABA-encrypted message to the US Embassy in London, it is decrypted there and delivered in person to Number 10. (Cold War required faster decision making, necessitating Moscow-Washington hotline). The main reason for the status of France after the WW2 was Churchill's position. Conclusion I think one has to look at this episode in context: a horrible war just ended and the leaders set to the task of resolving the tensions which led to the war. The major source of tensions was people of one nationality living on the territory controlled by another (e.g., Germans in Sudetenland). So, to prevent those issues from re-appearing, massive population exchanges were undertaken, to ensure countries' ethnic homogeneity. Yes, but the rumors are so persistent! My guess is that it all started with oil drums. USSR swiped in Germany everything if could carry. They probably took the fuel drums and brought them to Tiksi (and many other places). Some of them might have been stolen by the locals, who then, quite naturally, claim to have fished them out of the river. Then the rumor mill takes over - someone would claim to have seen Nazi coins or uniforms or submarine pens...