According to these criteria, the electromagnetic field is concrete: it exists in space and time, enter causal relations, is construed as mind-independent and it is a particular. 

Concerning the second, empiricism is not an empirical hypothesis in the same way scientific hypothesis are, but a meta-hypothesis about how (scientific) hypothesis can be justified, that is, an epistemology, so there's no question of whether it's different from science because it does not pretend to be empirical itself. However some view this as an inherent self-contradiction: how could we know that empiricism is true if it is not itself testable? To this, Carnap and later van Fraassen answer that empiricism should be considered a stance rather than a real hypothesis, and that it should be judged on pragmatist grounds (this is a fruitful or useful stance, it is a good way to extend our knowledge to adopt it, etc). More radically, Quine suggested that epistemology could be just a "chapter of psychology": the idea is that philosophy and science form a web and cannot really be distinguished, so that science informs us on how we acquire knowledge and what we experience. This has come to be called naturalised epistemology. Only in this radical reading is empiricism just science, but even though philosophers accept that science is informative on epistemological issues, few go as far as Quine. 

Edit: also note that your formulation does not do justice to kantian philosophy. The idea is not that laws are inserted into the phenomena but that laws are a way for us to categorize the phenomena and have cognitive access to them. For the kantian it is no miracle that phenomena obey to laws, because if they did not they would not be intelligible to us. It should be noted in this respect that the Schrödinger equation in quantum mechanics can be fully derived from a priori invariance principles alone (unitary invariance by spatial rotation, temporal translation...). The same goes for conservation laws in general, as Noether's theorem shows. Indeed a law which vary in space and time or a system whose state evolution depends on the choice of a coordinate system seems hardly intelligible. There is certainly some a priori in laws.