Logical pragmatics, tacit and context dependent aspects of arguments, is a big part of modern argumentation theory. The language of "inside and outside the argument" was used on the Less Wrong blog recently. The more traditional term is "begging the question against the opponent", a move where one of the parties argues from, or presupposes, a premise she knows (or should know) the opponent would reject (or rejects a premise he accepts). In your example Bob begs the question against Jim, he is "outside" the argument. 

But we know of at least one type of processes, where the Hobbesian split can not be accomplished, quantum evolutions. I am not suggesting quantum mechanics as a physical model of volition (but such suggestions were made, by Compton using macroscopic amplification of quantum effects, and Penrose using hypothetical "quantum gravity"), or even saying that it is a "complete" description of reality. But it is a model where the wave function "is all there is" by definition, and it is self-consistent if set theory is. 

The circularity that is alleged against any attempt to justify deduction, viz. to justify a whole system of deductive inference, is not of the usual kind. The validity of a particular form of inference is not a premiss for the semantic proof of its soundness; at worst, that form of inference is employed in the course of the proof. Now, clearly, a circularity of this form would be fatal if our task were to convince someone, who hesitates to accept inferences of this form, that it is in order to do so. But to conceive the problem of justification in this way is to misrepresent the position that we are in. Our problem is not to persuade anyone, not even ourselves, to employ deductive arguments: it is to find a satisfactory explanation of the role of such arguments in our use of language. 

Robinson gave an example similar to the OP's:"God has all the virtues. Therefore, God is benevolent". On the traditional account the argument begs the question by assuming its conclusion. But as long as the premise is "acceptable to the person to whom the argument was directed" it is contextually valid nonetheless. The objection is "outside" the argument. On the other hand, if the purpose of a debate is a "search for truth" then the strictures of the elenchus may not apply, as Robinson himself argued. This may reflect a pragmatic pact among the participants to keep their assumptions open to external evidence. For instance, Rips in Argumentative Thinking describes an approach of Hahn, Harris, and Corner: 

Similarly, we can look at Russell's paradox, which seems to point at problems concerning the nature of sets, or the Burali-Forti paradox. 

Let's begin with a trivial paradox. We know, of course, that there are integers that are not prime numbers. In fact, there seem to be a good number of them. And yet, we also know that there exactly as many prime numbers as there are integers. We have here a simple paradox; two contradictory statements which are both true. 

To summarize: "if and only if" is always a biconditional, both in mathematical/logical usage and plain English usage; "if" can be a biconditional in plain English usage, depending on context, but not in mathematical/logical usage. 

EDIT: I found an SEP article that specifically treats of Fictionalism in Mathematics; it is a nice reference for the more specific case. 

And, as Tarski has pointed out, any language which has a truth-function is going to be subject to the Liar paradox. The fact that the questioner chooses to consider this as "non-signifying" is interesting, as it raises the question of by what rigorous criteria one could choose to exclude it (and other similar propositions). 

These are historical examples of the Gettier problem of knowledge as justified true belief (JTB), when a person is justified in her belief, and the belief is true, but the justification relies on elements that are false. To put it plainly, a person believes the right stuff for the wrong reasons, but this "wrongness" is external to justification. Officially, Gettier knowledge is not knowledge, but "X knew that p" is colloquially interpreted as "X believed that q, which is translated into modern terms as p, and comes out as true", otherwise if X still believed that q then "X mistakenly believed that p". 

The negation in ¬A ∨ B now prevents one from moving ∃y out. 

Argumentation theorists concur, with similar reservations, see Kelley's Art of Reasoning: 

"Hesperus (the evening star) is Phosphorus (the morning star)" is one of Kripke's examples of necessary aposteriori, statements that are true necessarily if true at all, even if their truth can only be established empirically. Since this is a path from is to ought there is a catch. According to Kripke (in Soames's phrasing), "being non-identical is a relation that holds essentially of any pair it relates. So, we know apriori that if any objects... stand in this relation, then they have, or stand in, them in any genuinely possible circumstance in which they exist". "Water is H20" necessarily for the same reason, although here identity is applied not to singular objects but to "natural kind" of objects.