Nevertheless, Peter's exclamation in John 13 became the basis for Jesus distinguishing between two types of cleansing, both of which I (and many others) take to be synonymous with forgiveness, for to be "cleansed from all unrighteousness" is to be forgiven by God (see 1 John 1:9). Moreover, the existential reality of God's forgiveness for any repentant sinner is to know that God will never again bring up the confessed- and repented-of sin to rub in our faces. When God forgives, He forgets (an anthropomorphism which means simply that God's forgiveness has no strings attached--but more on that later. See Isaiah 43:25). Yes, Christians need to fear the devil because he is powerful, hateful, and well organized. His "world system" exerts a powerful influence on earth, and believers need only to read the headlines of today's newspapers to realize he is indeed very active in wreaking havoc in people's lives and in society at large. The first cleansing is the cleansing of the entire body, which Jesus referred to as being "bathed" (13:10). This cleansing is symbolic of the cleansing of conversion, or the new birth. Once we are born again, our standing in Christ is assured. Paul calls this cleansing There may be some people who are tempted to say, "Well, it's easy for God to forgive; that's his job after all." To them I would say, "Forgiveness may be God's job, but Jesus proved beyond doubt that forgiveness was anything but easy. He sweat great drops of blood as he agonized in prayer in the Garden of Gethsemane (literally, olive press), knowing fully what was about to befall him a few short hours hence on a hill outside Jerusalem called Golgotha. There, on a Roman cross, he would suffer, bleed, and die for the sins of the world. Here is how biblestudytools summarizes the meanings of bore or bear: Or in the KJV, which my grandfather read exclusively, Are not two sparrows sold for a penny? and not one of them shall fall on the ground without your Father: but the very hairs of your head are all numbered. Fear not therefore: ye are of more value than many sparrows (Matthew 10:29-31 ASV). Frankly, according to the Bible Christians are NOT stronger than Satan, and that is not because he is a spiritual being and they are physical/spiritual beings. If anything, having bodies makes Christians more vulnerable to his attacks, not less. As the apostle Paul observed, our bodies have "members," and since our members war against each other (Romans 7:23) Christians must allow "the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus to set . . . [them] free from the law of sin and death" (Romans 8:2). No one can see the kingdom of God, Jesus warned Nicodemus (John 3:3), without that regeneration, or new birth. Put differently, Jesus said, Moved with compassion, Jesus touched their eyes; and immediately they regained their sight and followed Him (Matthew 20:34 NAS). In other less-obvious ways, we must not be dogmatic. For example, to one Christian the seemingly insignificant act of putting money into an expired parking meter as a "random act of kindness" is clearly wrong (particularly if there is a local ordinance making the act a misdemeanor!), whereas to another Christian, it is quite permissible. In such situations, I suggest each Christian must listen to his or her conscience. If the latter believer is doing the good deed deliberately to flaunt the law, then perhaps s/he should re-examine his or her motives! If the former, seemingly "overly sensitive" believer does not feed the meter, does that therefore mean the latter Christian is right and the former, wrong? No, before God each one is right.