The assimilation of Kant by scientists proceeded through Herbart, a talented popularizer who succeeded him at Königsberg, and to a lesser extent Fichte, who spelled out what Kant's "transcendental method" was. Dissatisfied with speculations of German idealism Helmholtz issued the "back to Kant" call in his 1855 lecture. The original interest was in Kant's theory of sensibility in relation to the emerging physiology of senses, especially vision and touch (early studies of vision motivated Kant's model of sensibility, productive imagination and understanding), and the related subject of empirical geometry (Riemann names Gauss and Herbart as the only influences in his famous lecture, see Which school of philosophy motivated thinking about spaces of higher dimension?). The approach was to discard idealist elements in Kant and relax his synthetic a priori to make room for more empirical input, e.g. a priori did not strictly dictate Euclidean geometry, only some locally Euclidean one, to be determined empirically. Poincare went further in accepting the creative role of mental faculties in science, and postulated that empirical theories only reflect certain structures of experience (Kant would say those brought under the categories of understanding), e.g. experience only specifies geometry + physics but not each part separately, that is decided by convention. Conventional aspects are determined by pragmatic reasons and may be discarded in new theories. Current structural realists (Worrall, Tegmark) trace their lineage to Poincare. 

(Warning, this is a very idiosyncratic answer, and my favorite topic...) 

As I read it, your question is about the middle ground, where the conscious memory is asserting itself, and cultivating narratives. At this level, an individual, in my interpretation of this process, is focused consciously on coping how much of himself is embedded into thinking that may be transmitted consciously beyond himself. Too much, and it is merely an anecdote, a little less, and it becomes a theory with leverage, to much less, and it becomes stereotyped or vague maundering. At the risk of just going on forever. I think it is also a marker of Kant's clarity that in each case there is a physically real underlying thing, of which our evolved model is a loose wrapper, in echo of the idea that behind he 'real underlying thing' there is theoretically another 'underlying thing' that is real in a different sense. And he reached this conclusion before we realized our actual inborn model of space or time had any difficulties at all. Evidence is definitely language-dependent. If I want to do statistical analysis on the genome of rabbits, I need to know what is and what is not a rabbit, so I can go to my taxonomy and get the definition of a rabbit, and then go find some. Twenty years ago I could also do that for dinosaurs, and find that they were all extinct. But now, if I do the same, I find that birds fit the definition given for dinosaurs. 

So it is not deeply damaging to the theory as a whole. But since geometry is the most compelling example, it robs the theory of one main 'hook' that makes us pay attention to it. And people on either side are just going on doing what they think is right. Eventually some new data will make one or the other position better, but how much better it has to look, before you buy in, depends on who you are, and how you are positioned in the 'politics' of this issue. There is a Kantian argument against eating as much meat as we want. At some scale, mass consumption of meat requires factory farming which involves cruelty to the animals being witnessed by human beings. This can degrade the empathic ability of those who must witness this. We are treating them as mere means in degrading the faculty necessary for them to be full moral agents. So there is a cap on the volume of meat we can consume as long as our culture has limited technology and resources to care for the animals, and slaughter cannot be fully automated. The volume must be limited to the level where we can handle the animals appropriately and dispatch them respectfully, so as not degrade the moral sensitivity of the workers involved. But it needs enough specificity to be generalized. You are not obligated to help people. There are situations in which you do not need help, would not appreciate it, and it might make you dependent or less efficient. You are not obligated not to hurt people. There are situations when hurting people is necessary -- Kant would not refuse to perform surgery. Whatever rules should guide you in these situations are going to rely more on what kind of help or harm is in question. We obviously only find things proportional when we measure them. And measurement is subject to the shape of space, whether you take that to mean the space that is an aspect of humanity in Kant, or you take that to mean space as currently understood by General Relativity. 

The reason math has to be a priori is that we assume that all humans will agree ultimately upon the same mathematical truths. 

I would suggest that what we perceive as quantum indeterminacy is, in fact, time flowing backward often, but by a very small amount, in an way constrained locally by the wave 'shapes' of the particles involved. If this happened too much, we would perceive way-too-much of the universe as random, so we must inhabit a 'timeline' where time progresses forward in general, away from some point of very low entropy. But the pressure that makes it do so could be imperfect, and allow for temporal eddies to arise constantly. (This model is basically Boltzmann's theory of the universe as a deep entropy well, favoring the second law of thermodynamics as a trend rather than a rule.)