If you've got everything weighted properly and you're lucky, the back will cut before the front does, at which point you've got a fraction of a second to stand the bike back up, or you crash. If the front goes first, you crash. A lot of knowing the limits of road bike tire traction comes from experience, and crashing. 

There's a lot more movement of your body on and over the bike on a trail than on the road. The more technical the trail, the more this is true. The "lean the bike, not the body" advice is a good rule of thumb, but it is not a one size fits all solution for mountain biking. There are so many different types of turns in mountain biking- fast, slow, bermed, off-camber, uphill, downhill, steep, flat, loose, rocky hardpacked, etc, and nearly infinite combinations of each. Many categories of turns deserve their own questions for cornering technique. 

Do a search for mountain bike cornering and a search for road bike cornering. Notice how centered the road riders are compared to the mountain bikers. One of the big reasons for the "lean the bike" advice is to engage the more aggressive side knobs on a mountain bike tire. On a road bike this is not necessary. With a mountain bike you spend a lot of time skirting the line of traction. You lose it and regain it often. Many of the techniques for cornering on a mountain bike are to keep you on the traction side of that line and to recover without crashing when you cross it. Many of these techniques aren't applicable on a road bike, where in most cases you either have traction or you've just crashed. 

Find such a sports medicine specialist, and work with them as they evaluate your options and manage your progress. 

technique. Perhaps pulling up more would reduce the load on that knee. 

Firstly, to answer you question - no, it's not practical for me. 

There are many factors involved in working this out, which is why many people would say this is opinion based, and others say 

I get the impression that both incidents occurred in the same corner. If that is the case then I would strongly suspect oil on the road. 

When my daughter was riding the trailer-bike I had to tell her to stop pedaling, otherwise I could not stop at traffic lights :-) 

The Vittoria Rubino tires you are using have similar wet grip to what I use (dry grip will be the same). The pressures you quote are good. 

And finally, if you're really into relaxed positions and don't mind a little less control, rest your wrists on the tops, with hands dangling. There are obvious dangers in this position. 

The lack of ventilation also means that your head and brain could be subject to higher than normal temperatures. The evidence is clear that when the human brain is too hot it does not function as well, especially in decision making. My recollection is that it leads to riskier decisions. 

On a road bike, typically only for slow speed maneuvers. There are probably exceptions but I can't think of them at the moment. 

Typically not during the turn. I've seen it done it the wet sometimes, but taking your foot out/off of the pedal during a turn will affect up your balance, especially on a road bike. Getting your foot out of pedal at the last minute is really hard, especially with road pedals. 

There's a lot more movement of your body on and over the bike on a trail than on the road. The more technical the trail, the more this is true. The "lean the bike, not the body" advice is a good rule of thumb, but it is not a one size fits all solution for mountain biking. There are so many different types of turns in mountain biking- fast, slow, bermed, off-camber, uphill, downhill, steep, flat, loose, rocky hardpacked, etc, and nearly infinite combinations of each. Many categories of turns deserve their own questions for cornering technique. 

In a turn, whether you're leaning the bike, or your body, or both, that "local gravity" line is what's keeping you from highsiding or lowsiding. The center of gravity and that center line just moves depending on what you're leaning and how low you're getting.