70 A.D. / 1,944 Years Old: This is the traditional date, and tracks Christianity's separation from Judaism to the destruction of the Second Temple. Up until this point, the Classical World at large (including the Roman government, Jews, and the proto-Christians themselves) still considered Christianity to be a sect of Judaism. In the aftermath of the Second Temple Period's end, however, Rome instituted the Jewish Tax. This led to the early Christians began petitioning Rome for legal recognition as a separate religion from Judaism. This is a persuasive marker for the start of Christianity as distinct from Judaism, although the two remained interlocked and linked for centuries to come. - Cline, Eric, and David O'Connor. "The Mystery of the Sea Peoples." Mysterious Lands. London: UCL, 2003. It is not necessarily be problematic if the censors disagreed. Scholars have generally thought that only one censor was chosen by lot to nominate the Princeps Senatus alone. If correct, then in the event of disagreements between the censors, the chosen one would have the final say. Much support for this theory is inferred from the 209 dispute (see below), where one censor was reported to have the choice "by lot". Indeed, an Indian presence was attested to in Alexandria, a major cultural and commercial crossroad. The orator Dio Chrysostom, for instance, remarked that: Eaton, Jonathan Mark. An Archaeological History of Britain: Continuity and Change from Prehistory to the Present. Pen and Sword, 2014. In Judaism, God alone is not only politically powerful, but by himself almighty. That is the claim of most absolute monarchy. That the emperor is chosen by the almighty and need only to answer to him. That emperor will still be emperor no mater how many rebels are fighting him as long as the supreme God still favor him. There are other gods/spirits. They all work for Shang Ti. He's a boss of boss sort of. Emperor above. God most high. Shang Ti (supposedly) pick only one emperor and that one emperor is emperor of everything under heaven. That's what chinese used to believe. How can chinese believed that? Because chinese emperor said so. How can chinese emperor make that claim? That's because he's an emperor of a very big country. I think men created God in their own image. In China, Shang Ti is the God/emperor of all and chinese emperor is emperor of everything under heaven. So all this time, according to my ancestors, all of you are chinese. You just don't know it. It's not until the Qing dinasty that the chinese start seeing that they are just a nation among nation. One hypothesis for their origins is the similarly elusive Homeric Pelasgian. The Philistines are said to have originated in Caphtor, which in turn has been theorised to be Cyprus or Crete. Incidentally, in Homer's epic Odyssey, the Greek protagonist Odysseus says that: Cities typically fall in one of three ways: being starved into submission, being taken by force, or outright surrendering. Rome was adamantly against peace, as evidenced by their rejection of Hannibal's terms (and probably, due to knowing their own strength). A successful siege was similarly unlikely; despite her devastating defeats, Rome remained very populous with plenty of manpower. While Roman allies in Italy remained loyal, Hannibal's army was too isolated and small to take on Rome on its own. England was by no means "much" further away from France. The Strait of Dover is only 33.3km away from France at the closest. You can see Calais atop the White Cliffs, and vice versa. So even if it was appreciably more dangerous to sail across the North Sea, such a journey could be avoided by simply taking a short hop from France. This is actually not true. Even in antiquity several Germanic tribes are thought to have moved out of Denmark into the rest of Europe. For example, the Teutones, the Cimbri, and the Ambrones were said to be neighbouring tribes from what is now Denmark. Their arrival in the territories of the Roman Republic sparked the Cimbrian War. It is probable that shorter distance migrations into Germany would've been more common in the same period. I'm not sure why the Oxford Companion to Archaeology chose to credit Meyer over Lepsius here. In this year, the first recorded instance of the censors disagreeing on who to nominate as the princeps occurred. M. Cornelius Cethegus argued in support of the tradition of appointing the senior ex-censor, whereas his colleague P. Sempronius Tuditanus supported Q. Fabius Maximus, who was censor in 230. T. Manlius Torquatus, the traditionalist candidate, was senior to Fabius by one year. - Warmington, Eric Herbert. The Commerce Between the Roman Empire and India. Cambridge University Press, 2014. Probably some of the Indians went on to Rome, though the evidence is lacking. As a side note, Indian was one of the nationalities the poet Martial mentioned in his lampooning of a certain (fictitious) Caelia: If there was no censors when the position of princeps became vacant, then it appears that no replacement was appointed until the censorship was filled again. Han and Wei cannot hold Qin back on their own, but the rest of the world could shield behind them. Thus the best course of action was to aid them against Qin ... The four states at peace should have supported Han and Wei on the front lines. Give them no reason to fear their eastern borders, so that they may fight Qin's armies for the whole world. In Judaism, God alone is not only politically powerful, but by himself almighty. That is the claim of most absolute monarchy. That the emperor is chosen by the almighty and need only to answer to him. That emperor will still be emperor no mater how many rebels are fighting him as long as the supreme God still favor him. If I am just a leader of a small kingdom, it's not toward my best interest to say, my God is almighty all of you have to bow before Him and pay me tribute and give your daughter as my sex slaves. Saying that would provoke a bigger country to just smash me and said, "where's your God?" Happened to jews a lot. I was surprised when I found that finding part of the tanach that support unambiguous monotheism before babylonian exiles is not easy. Do you know any? In monotheist, God is the boss and even if everything unite against him, He prevails.