This book, The Papers of Woodrow Wilson, vol 53 in a footnote on page 308 states that on Dec 3, the resolution (S Con Res. 26) was introduced by Senator Sherman to declare the office of President as vacant. So you have another source, with date and resolution number. All I find is a snippet view so can't give you much more. recruitment or recruitment advertising We can make an assumption here, with information from NOAA: So concerning the 'purely military' nature of the target. The target was the military facility at Hiroshima; the expectation was its destruction; and they understood there would be collateral damage(I hate that term),but not its vast extent . This was the 'purely military' aspect of the selection of this target. If he did not desire a military target, Kyoto with its population of 1,000,000 would have likely been selected (the other AA rated target),to not minimize but to maximize civilian casualties, and the horror of this moment in history would have been (if possible) greater yet. So most were relocated by the Russian American Company. Again according to Bancroft: Concerning the possibility of Truman being deceived concerning the nature of this target let's take a look at this quote from the page on the target selection: The book The Modern American Pistol and Revolver, published in 1888, lists several loads for 41s: As to refit time, I have found little complete information yet. Most of the ships guns had been thrown overboard, so salvage dives had to be performed to retrieve them. The foremast had been cut away as well. The ship reappears anchored in Tripoli harbor at the time of the Decatur action. Some entries mention that she was is, never. It was destroyed before ever leaving Tripoli Harbor again. and selection for training, including apprenticeship So the military effect is established. There were military casualties. The military base existed. You basically answered your own question: Although aspects of economics have been discussed in the far past, according to the wiki entry: This population of Russians were part of the Russian American Company, which was mainly invested in gathering furs. The treaty of the transfer allowed for any Russian who wished to remain to to so. implying repairs may have not been completed to the point of making the ship fully seaworthy. The same source which mentions the several day delay, indicates the raid was taken to destroy the Philiadelphia because Michigan had already created one which would be the model: I find some of the information required to answer this question is covered in the inquiry into the loss of the Philadelphia , which can be read in the Naval documents related to the United States wars with the Barbary powers This court was held on June 29, 1805 and the record contains testimony of many of the crew as well as Bainbridge himself. letter from Admiral Edwards to Admiral Leahy, 6 Aug So the Philadelphia was grounded at 11:30 A.M., according to Bainbridge. So when was the Philadelphia refloated, answers seem to range from 'the next high tide' to "several days later". The several days later source seems to have better detail, I lean towards it. So after the grounding of 5 hours by Bainbridges testimony, the next high tide could have been as little as an an hour away. (But we don't know if, without the ability to place a kedge anchor, or get a tow, that the Philadelphia could have cleared herself even then.) As pointed out by @Peter Diehr in comments, tides in the Mediterranean are generally less pronounced than those in ocean regions (measured in centimeters, according to this source) We can assume then that the grounding lasted at least 6 hours before the pirates were able to free the ship.