Also, for all practical purposes, US was already at war: Constraints on FDR As an extended reply to a comment From the List of unidentified murder victims in the United States: Stalin pretended not to understand the importance of the news: he rightly judged that so soon after the war the Western public will not accept an open confrontation with the erstwhile ally, and, indeed, the Western leaders did not press him. The even more important issue were the people. FDR understood that the war will be a hard fought all-out effort. He had to make sure that the people will keep morale high and not think "we provoked the war ourselves, it's our own fault, let's settle". The reason they were unable to prevent it is manifold. PS. The pardon was controversial: while putting an end to a multi-year chain of scandals, it shielded a crook from jail. Nevertheless, it was a legally unimpeachable move, so nothing could have been done about it. making it impossible to prosecute Nixon in an ordinary court. Political parties inevitably appear for one simple mathematical reason: Shapley value is superadditive. IOW, the power of a coalition is more than the sum of powers of its members. You must also remember the international situation: what if the SU would land in Japan and occupy it? By mid-1945 is was already a fact that, despite numerous agreements and promises of free elections, SU was turning Poland into its communist satellite. What if US troops would be required elsewhere? This is the same answer to the common question: why did SU fought to eliminate the surrounded 6th Army instead of waiting for it to collapse. I would love to see an answer to the "guiding questions" too. If you think this "side topic" has no place here, I will delete the answer. History When it became clear and certain that Nixon will be impeached, the latter resigned. This made the impeachment unnecessary to prosecute him - an ordinary prosecutor could open a case and he could be tried in an ordinary court. Presidential Elections: this is interesting because the Shapley value is super-additive! This means that the total power of the two new states will be smaller that that of the original state. This implies that the other states will benefit from the secession. Given that USSR exploited every sympathiser for its nefarious purposes (cf. Atomic spies, communists in the state department &c), and given that Hoover, as the FBI Director, was acutely aware of that (much more than the general public!), it is hardly surprising that he viewed everyone leaning to the Left as suspect and wished to undermine them. When Hitler declared war on the US, he mentioned that "they are already fighting us anyway". A woman between 17 and 21 died on 10 July 1991 in El Dorado, Arkansas. The decedent used multiple names, including Cheryl Ann Wick (which she used from a stolen identification card), Kelly Carr and Shannon Wiley. She was known to have lived in various states prior to her death, including Texas, where she apparently worked as a prostitute. Other reports explain she had been arrested in the past, using several of her aliases and had possibly been involved in a bank robbery on the East Coast.[4] She had been shot by her boyfriend who was convicted of the murder but she remains unidentified. However, after Nixon resigned, his successor Ford pardoned him: Political Constraints FDR could not afford to give more ammo to the isolationists, who already were outraged by the aforementioned actions. His political opponents were many and varied - from Nazis and Communists (although the latter switched sides on 1941-06-22) to traditionalists who love to mention Washington/Jefferson's "entangling alliances". US was in no position to do anything it was not already doing.