When you don't include a physical description, you're also dependent on your reader's own cultural context to fill in the blanks. Right now, in America, I'd guess (unscientifically) that the typical "generic" narrator would be a white male in his twenties or thirties, probably dark-haired. If your character doesn't match that description, or if you're expecting to be read outside that cultural context, you might want to make sure you call that out. The thing to do with any writing rule is to consider its functional utility. One good reason to start with the protagonist is that otherwise the reader may become invested in the the initial characters and narrative and may resist transferring that interest to the main protagonist and storyline. For me, both Salman Rushdie's Enchantress of Florence and Samuel Delaney's Stars in My Pocket Like Grains of Sand committed this mistake by following up a captivating prologue with a much duller main narrative and protagonist. If your writing is good enough, and if you are true enough to your own personal vision, you are likely to gain at least a niche audience of passionate fans, which has been enough to keep many a book alive for centuries. When we find characters relatable, we generally either aspire to be like them (in their best moments) or fear we are like them (in their worst moments) or both. Therefore characters who are either too perfect for us to think we could be like them, or too flawed for us to fear we are like them, are not relatable; but someone who walks the line between those two extremes is. Many writers have a weakness for wordplay and puns, which are typically inoffensive (although they don't have to be). Whether or not these are tiring is very individual to the reader. I do well writing non-fiction, and I take a lot of enjoyment out of working with other people's writing, but fiction is a passion of mine, and I have some concepts of my own that I think are very strong. Are there any avenues for finding someone who wants to write to fit someone else's plot outline? It's not an arrangement I've ever really heard of (except when a famous author tires of working on a series and brings someone else in --usually to very mixed results). (I had a previous question, closed as too opinion-based, about being a better editor than writer. I wasn't able to rescue that one, but I thought I'd take a try at a related question.) They are different mediums, as different as books and movies, but there is some obvious overlap in skills and talents. And in general, being an excellent storyteller is an advantage, not only as a writer but across a wide variety of human endeavors. Here are a few comparisons and contrasts: A book is "permanent", a story disappears as it is told. A book is a one-way form of communication, a story allows for interaction with the audience. A book requires publication, a story just needs someone to listen. A book is almost always heavily edited and rewritten, stories are most often improvised, at least in part. I would use caution, and be sparing. Keep in mind that slurs register very differently to the people they are directed against than to everyone else, so it can be hard to judge a slur if you aren't a member of the group being slurred. What reads to you, the author, as authenticity, might strike the informed reader as a transparent reflection of your own prejudices, especially if you aren't in a position to accurately judge your own authenticity. For instance, you say tranny hooker is "accurate to ghetto talk." But is it really? To me it sounds, if anything, old-fashioned and hopelessly outdated, even as a slur. But I'm not really in a position to judge, and, I suspect, neither are you.