For the third issue, if the third baseman was also charging the ball, then he would not have been in position to receive the throw at third and thus get the out. The first baseman would have been moving towards first as soon as the ball was hit and he recognized it wasn't coming his way, so he is going to be there, ready for the ball. The pitcher should check third if he has time, but if there's a fast runner or the ball was a slow roller, he may be concerned about missing both outs if the third baseman isn't there. 

There are a few things you're correct about: The runner on second had a lead, and likely started running the moment contact was made (perhaps started running earlier, if the hit and run was on). The batter has to pivot before he starts moving towards first, and doesn't get a lead. The position of the other infielders matters. The third baseman may not have been in position while the first baseman was. The first two points above combine to mean that when the pitcher gets the ball, the runner on second is much closer to third than the batter is to first. Thus, if he throws to third the runner may be safe anyway. Throwing to first is almost a guaranteed out - although the risk of a wild throw is higher, it's still pretty low for most infielders and pitchers. They practice this a lot. You'd also need a very fast runner to beat out a throw to first in most infield grounder situations. 

Major League Baseball has begun collecting a set of physics data under the name "Statcast", including such information as the exit velocity of notable home runs. I would like to know if this data is permanently archived somewhere, so that I can give stable references to it (e.g. in a paper). 

I believe that for many years, MLB managers would always wear the same uniform as their players during games. However, I've been watching more games on TV this year, and it seems that many managers now wear other clothing. Is there such a "permanent home" for this data, provided either by MLB or someone else? 

For example, in this photo from May 9, 2015 (credit David Richard of USA Today), we see Cleveland manager Terry Francona making a visit to the mound. The shirt he's wearing is completely different from his player's uniforms, and it doesn't look like he has a uniform jersey underneath. Why the break with tradition? Was there a rule change, or simply managers deciding to dress differently for some reason? Scenario 2 is no different than what pitchers do to prepare before games and perhaps between innings; but it allows for a much finer control on a pitch by pitch basis - and for some reason feels like it should be illegal. 

Scenario 3 is legal and practiced. 

I'd check out what the experts say, but for what it's worth, it worked for me. 

The pain virtually stopped. I could pitch 3 innings easy (which is what I was pitching at the time) 

Gradually I switched first to sidearm and then to full submarine. Two things happened: 

This is anecdotal, so keep that in mind, but as a young pitcher, I threw out my shoulder (some undiagnosed rotator cuff issue probably) by throwing overhand. 

Scenario 1 seems like it is obviously illegal, and should be. Long term - I have a rotator cuff injury now (but it's from co-sleeping with my son, not sports related) - and I'm 38 and still play softball. All I wanted to do in the world was pitch, and my coaches were idiots, so they let me keep pitching even though I was in pain.