In the UK, this is regulated by the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act. Under the act an applicant does not need to disclose any spent convictions for most roles. 

On a scale in which 2010 is 100, Chilean productivity increased from 43 to 47 between 1986 and 1990. This is typical productivity growth for most countries at the time. There is no particular evidence in these data that Pinochet had much effect on productivity. However, Chilean productivity grew sharply between 1994 and 1997. Which could be seen as a delayed response to his downfall in 1990 or could be unrelated/cyclical changes. 

While it was widely reported in Western media, there has been little discussion of a decline in sexual activity among young adults in Japan. It is not considered a problem, as it does not exist and has not been reported to exist. And therefore no strategic steps have been planned or implemented to fight the syndrome. 

Convictions become "spent" depending on the sentence given. Cautions and non-custodial convictions become spent most quickly. Custodial sentences of over 2½ years never become spent. The age at which a crime was committed also affects when a conviction becomes spent. Some roles, such as "teacher" are exempt and all convictions and cautions must be disclosed. — source 

The OECD has productivity data (GDP per hour worked) going back to 1986, so it has data for the last 4 years of Pinochet's rule. In each of those years, productivity increased. 

While "celibacy syndrome" is a fantasy, there is a real problem of a declining birth-rate, low levels of immigration and an aging population. 

"Celibacy syndrome" was a term coined by a journalist for a 2013 article the article combined two popular "click-bait" topics: "Sex" and "Weird Japan". The data used to support the existence of such a "syndrome" was poorly sourced. There is little evidence that such a syndrome exists and no evidence that it is a major contributor to the birth rate. Indeed there is evidence that over a longer timescale, sexual activity among young adults has increased. 

It is illegal, under the act, for a potential employer to ask about spent convictions, or to treat an applicant with spent convictions differently. 

Getting comparable statistics is difficult as the statistics for different countries may use different samples (including or not those who receive lesser sentences or various forms of caution), measure different outcomes (re-arrest, re-conviction or re-imprisonment). And over different time-spans. Attempting to compare the UK with the USA directly suggests that re-offending rates are lower in the UK than in the USA. Re-offending rates in the UK are at about 25% within 12 months (source). Using the wider measure of "re-arrest" suggests that about 50% of prisoners are re-arrested, though not all are subsequently convicted or imprisoned. This compares with about 60% in the USA. 

So the cost of a strike is more than just the sum of hours of productivity lost. 

No, they can't. Replacing your entire workforce is a very complicated process. First you need to find replacement workers on the market who are cheap, qualified and trustworthy. That means you will have to read a lot of applications and do a lot of interviews. And then you need to train them until they are as productive as those you had before. 

What most economy textbooks forget to mention is that all the mathematical theory usually doesn't apply very accurately to real world markets, because there are just too many variables. 

This, however, assumes that there actually is a competitive market for internet access in a given region. If a region is only served by one provider, this is not an option. Also, a neutral internet provider will likely be more expensive, because they do not make any income through preferential treatment fees from content providers. 

It is unconstitutional to make a law which is explicitly against a specific entity ("Citibank must not operate in our state") but they could make a more general law which applies to all entities which fulfill certain criteria ("Banks with an international business volume of more than X and any of their subsidiaries must not operate in our state"). An actual law would of course need to be a lot more complex to close any of the bookkeeping loopholes big banks would find and exploit immediately, but you get the idea. 

When you have a 100% unregulated market, then monopolies can occur under certain conditions. That's usually the case when you have a fungible product which also gets cheaper to produce the more you produce of it. When the product is fungible, companies can only compete by price, which means small competitors have no way to compete with larger ones, which means only the largest competitor can prevail. 

However, for all of these people, the consumer is the one who suffers the least. When the strike doesn't end, it destroys the existence of both the workers and the company. The consumers, however, only suffer when the company has a monopoly on their goods. Otherwise they can just buy from another company. It might be more expensive or they might like the products less, but this is usually rather an inconvenience than a threat to their existence.