You can simply prune some out. If the dialog conveys the action then it's redundant and you should prune one or the other out anyway (current trend is more dialog, less narration). 

You can change the structure. Instead of pronoun-action in every instance, you can mix it up. 

Pre/post apocalypse is beside the point. You are focusing on the setting instead of the tension and characters and motivation. 

The only caveat I'd add here is to avoid using fancy words if you don't need them. 

Guilt comes out in odd ways. I think his behavior should change as a result of his guilt. 

Edit: I have the first draft of the novel done. I am halfway through the first revision. I have asked writing groups to read the beginning, since this is what must pop, for readers. 

This one is murky to me, not sure how you'd build it out. 

Now, look up synonyms for 'lake.' (Same exercise as above.) I see a word I haven't used before - 'tarn.' It means a small mountain lake (defined on google.). 

Is through dialogue. But this does not mean that all dialogue is showing. In fact, telling in dialogue (is easy to spot when you are on your game and) perhaps hits more of a flat note than telling in narrative. 

This might be a normal exchange that you overhear in real life. You might guess where it takes place and what’s going on, without any of that explicitly ‘told’ to you. But, it’s rather dull. You can do more with 26 words. 

Dialogue that is less of a progression, more of a scene, is often thought to be more powerful. 

You can pick up on a little more action in this. You still know it is a place of business, the word count is the same, but there’s a little more packed into it. More is shown, even though you were never told many details. The dialogue is not a simple progression; none of the lines follow from the others. 

Should I just give it time and trust my heart and save the other? 

After attending a different/second writers' critique group, I was sufficiently motivated to try to write chapter 1 with multiple characters (instead of one guy on a mountain) and with the use of dialog, and I introduced 'court intrigue." I groaned the whole time, but I did it. (I resisted adding any explosions.) 

From that exercise, let's use 'motored.' 

What appeals to me most, as a method of showing, is the idea of the literary iceberg, where a few words are well-used, but what is unsaid is what is most evocative. Hemingway’s five word story: "For sale: baby shoes, unused” is the classic example. This is telling you that you can buy a pair of new baby shoes. But what it is showing you is that someone expected a baby, and that expectation was not met. Presumably the baby died, which is much sadder than a shoe sale. Finding a way to use words in this way seems to me to be a powerful means of showing.