Sometimes the group effect can be helpful. Could you take her swimming with her cousins and explain beforehand that you are willing to hold on to her in the water the. entire. time.? Often they have so much fun splashing each other they forget to be afraid. When in the water, I hold them tightly so they feel safe and that helps. And they know they can always grab on to me at any time, any place they can reach (often around my neck!) when they get scared. I then move them around so they're on my hip or hanging off my shoulder instead! Ask for a hotel room with a tub since you're running out of time? 

Of course, since you say he is waking up his brothers, do exactly what @balanced mama said and include him in the process. Just telling a child what to do, doesn't actually allow them to practice problem-solving skills or prepare them for independent adulthood. I don't understand the problem? This is not defiance. You can't make him go to sleep any more than you can make yourself go to sleep sometimes. All you can do is request that he stay in his room quietly so as to not bother anyone else or endanger himself. To this day I read agatha christie books when I can't sleep and it helps. Once we turn on a switch, or plug in the fan, the energy is converted into light or motion until we turn the switch or fan off. Parental snooping Others have addressed this, and so I feel like I should as well. You have energy - your body converts food into energy, and stores it as sugars and fats. Then, when you want to move your arm or legs, your body uses those sugars and fats to make the muscles work. Conclusion Go re-read the summary. You love her, and you merely want to help her avoid the pitfalls of life in this world that will hurt her, or prevent her from reaching her capacity as an adult. This time provides a breather before she becomes a full teenager, and launches herself into the world. Use it to gently guide her thoughts and feelings, and she will develop the relationship skills you value. There is no need to punish her for what she's written in a private journal, but now that you've awoken to the reality of your little girl growing up and changing, put careful thought into how you can best guide her into paths of growth and happiness. 

I don't understand the problem? This is not defiance. You can't make him go to sleep any more than you can make yourself go to sleep sometimes. All you can do is request that he stay in his room quietly so as to not bother anyone else or endanger himself. To this day I read agatha christie books when I can't sleep and it helps. 

Ask for a hotel room with a tub since you're running out of time? In general, this is a time to cash in on some of that trust you've been storing up :) Tell her repeatedly, "I keep you safe. When you say stop, we stop. But I also know how much you like learning new things and how proud you will be." 

Of course, since you say he is waking up his brothers, do exactly what @balanced mama said and include him in the process. Just telling a child what to do, doesn't actually allow them to practice problem-solving skills or prepare them for independent adulthood. Sometimes the group effect can be helpful. Could you take her swimming with her cousins and explain beforehand that you are willing to hold on to her in the water the. entire. time.? Often they have so much fun splashing each other they forget to be afraid. When in the water, I hold them tightly so they feel safe and that helps. And they know they can always grab on to me at any time, any place they can reach (often around my neck!) when they get scared. I then move them around so they're on my hip or hanging off my shoulder instead! 

Parental snooping Others have addressed this, and so I feel like I should as well. So there's no real need to snoop. If you felt she was in specific danger, and she's already completely lost your trust and respect, then you might have a compelling need to discover information she may be hiding. The reality is, though, that if you spent an hour with her every week, one on one, you'd probably gain much more information about her and her life than she writes in her journal. 

Once we turn on a switch, or plug in the fan, the energy is converted into light or motion until we turn the switch or fan off. You have energy - your body converts food into energy, and stores it as sugars and fats. Then, when you want to move your arm or legs, your body uses those sugars and fats to make the muscles work. Conclusion Go re-read the summary. You love her, and you merely want to help her avoid the pitfalls of life in this world that will hurt her, or prevent her from reaching her capacity as an adult. This time provides a breather before she becomes a full teenager, and launches herself into the world. Use it to gently guide her thoughts and feelings, and she will develop the relationship skills you value. There is no need to punish her for what she's written in a private journal, but now that you've awoken to the reality of your little girl growing up and changing, put careful thought into how you can best guide her into paths of growth and happiness.