See this overview on Examiner.com, and individual user experiences. It's a pay-per-click site - it's not going to earn you fame, fortune, or even a respectable line for your CV. If you want to write such content anyway, then the platform and pocket money might be nice; if you think you can leverage or promote your writing into some sort of success elsewhere, I suppose that's about as feasible as doing so on Blogger. I'm not clear on whether you see this is a pitch session (i.e., with the explicit goal of interesting the publisher in your novel), or simply an opportunity for a one-on-one conversation. Either way, though, I think the best way to go here (and to get through your nervousness) is to take this excellent advice from Janet Reid, classily entitled: Pitch Sessions Are Spawn of Satan. Whether or not you're actually pitching, Reid's article makes clear what she considers the greatest benefit of a one-on-one session: the opportunity for the pro to share their expertise, attention, and assistance. So that's what you want to ask for. For most independent, self-publishing authors, I think publicity is the biggest concern. If you're popular enough that pirated copies are really costing you, that probably means you're doing astoundingly well. Whereas finding readers is tough; you don't want to turn anybody off because of incompatible readers or annoying registration processes - they might easily skip your book entirely. So by default, I'd lean towards DRM free. But here are some additional considerations: When you're submitting an MS for a picture book, do not submit illustrations unless you yourself are the illustrator. The article goes into this in detail, but the basic thrust is: In a nutshell, Reid contends that the most productive thing a pro can do is to give detailed feedback on the sample or pitch. If you're a debut novelist, and I'm an established publishing gatekeeper, the best thing I can do is give you a "run-through" of how I'd react to your work, and why. And then there's this: This is basically a question of marketing strategy. The major pro of DRM is that it helps avoid pirating; the major con is that it limits accessibility and portability, and can annoy readers and users. My own advice is to find blogs by agents and editors, read them through, and learn what works and what doesn't. If there's something that seems to tick agents off, then really try to avoid doing that thing. I've found Janet Reid to be helpful, as well as the sadly-defunct (yet delightfully archived!) Editorial Ass (aka Moonrat) and Miss Snark. But in your case, I'd take special interest in children's publishing, which has quirks of its own. I don't have anything specific to recommend, but I'm sure you can find great stuff online. The first article I linked, on illustration, finishes off with some links that might be a big help for you. Do not call an agent This advice is repeated over and over throughout the web. Janet Reid is really quite emphatic on the subject (also snarky). With the strategy you suggest, you're running smack into two common guidelines. And even if your case, for whatever reason, is so exceptional that you think those guidelines don't apply, it's a safe bet that people considering your query will find these violations annoying and unprofessional, and be dead set against your submission from the start. Because, believe me, they get a lot of people who think they're exceptions. The other thing is that accepting open calls just makes agents and editors too exposed to too many people, some of them real weirdos (see Moonrat's full essay for more on that). So this is pretty much verboten, and it's not a line you want to toe. There are some more in-depth considerations of the cons and pros of content mills at Writer Beware: It sounds like you're not very familiar with industry standards, guidelines, and processes. I strongly recommend you get familiar with them before you start submitting anywhere. You've got a book you poured sweat and blood into, a book you're proud of, a book that's fantastic - you don't want to mess up querying, because that's just learning how these things are done, and then doing them. Submit your manuscript, not illustrations How to Find an Illustrator for your Picture Book says it all clearly and concisely. In a nutshell: you don't. Here's the thing: in your situation, the publisher is the expert. You shouldn't be required to guess what questions you should be asking. Heck, if you know what questions to ask, you'd probably be able to find the answers on your own! No: the publisher knows all kinds of interesting stuff, and will probably be a better judge than you of what might be the most helpful. (Particularly if you feel, to begin with, that you don't have specific questions or problems that are bothering you.) And the sample you're providing gives this publisher plenty to work with, to gauge where you are and what advice will be appropriate. Sorry to be discouraging, but I really hope this will be helpful. Better to do this right than to take a quick stab in the wrong direction. :) Why is this? Moonrat touches on why cold-calling is so bad: So your basic approach can be this: But you're asking about prestige of the venue, selectivity, about inherent career potential? They have none. Follow the Guidelines I'm kind of dismayed that your reaction to hearing "publishers prefer X" is "well, I'll do X anyway." Well, if was just a preference ("We also prefer that your book be about vampires!), I could see that, but we're talking about an established industry standard. That's not the type of thing you want to mess with without an enormously good reason. Particularly as an unpublished author.