"Extortion" in this case is political hyperbole and not necessarily meant as a statement of fact - ie North Korea was literally extorting money from the US. 

CNN connects this aid to the North Korea nuclear program: 

Trump’s surprise rise to become the GOP presidential nominee, built largely on a willingness to openly criticize minority groups and tap into long-simmering racial divisions, has reenergized white supremacist groups and drawn them into mainstream American politics like nothing seen in decades. [...] White supremacists are active on social media and their websites report a sharp rise in traffic and visitors, particularly when posting stories and chat forums about the New York businessman. [...] “Before Trump, our identity ideas, national ideas, they had no place to go,” said Richard Spencer, president of the National Policy Institute, a white nationalist think tank based in Arlington, Va. 

Because during the election, Trump was the candidate that most closely matched their political views: 

The original source for the 3:1 number is military.com, and it is worth looking at the source. The poll is from Oct. 24 - Oct. 31 2016. 

The speech from Merkel was held in a Bierzelt and is part of a political campaign for this years election. Trump is strongly disliked in Germany, even among members of Merkels right-wing CDU (~6% approval and 80% disapproval), so it makes sense for her to take a strong stance. 

The explicit racism and implicit antisemitism of the Trump campaign both spoke to the KKK and white supremacists in general, as did the fact that the Trump campaign employed prominent members of the far-right, and that the campaign interacted positively with white supremacists on social media on multiple occasions. 

Fox News also had a poll. It did not ask active military personell, but veterans. The result was 46% for Trump, 34% for Clinton. 

What Trump is suggesting here is that this help was not given freely or solely to help the people of North Korea, but as a result of the threat North Korea poses. "Extortion" is just political hyperbole in this case. 

They also had a number of previous polls (eg here or here). qz.com notes that the high percentage for Trump is mainly due to the demographic markup of the military (more men than women). 

Militarytimes.com also had a poll (also online, and also unscientific like the military.com poll). The poll is from Nov. 10 - 14 2016. 

“They like the overall momentum of his rallies and his campaign,” Pendergraft said. “They like that he’s not willing to back down. He says what he believes and he stands on that.” 

There do not seem to be any polls that are more recent than these. 

Fox News makes the same assumption: 

Apart from that, you already mentioned the important points: 

According to a 2014 Congressional Research Service report, “between 1995 and 2008, the United States provided North Korea with over $1.3 billion in assistance: slightly more than 50 percent for food aid and about 40 percent for energy assistance.”