Another option was the Roman litter--basically a couch carried by slaves--depicted below: You will not find "Kafr Yasif" in Josephus because that is a modern place name. In any case, the appearance of the Ukrainian people in what is now the Ukraine occurred long, long after such invasions and modern Ukrainians are more or less a completely different people than those who conducted such invasions. Personally, I would strongly doubt any definite biblical connections. First of all, Kafr Yasif, or "Kefr Yasif" as it was formerly known during the Mandate, was originally a very small village just southwest of Abu Sinan. This village originally had nothing in it, except the ruins of an old and small church. The entire area was heavily altered during the crusader period. Also, there are many larger, more ruined towns and tells all around, like Abu Sinan itself for starters. So, it is unlikely that Kafr Yasif has any significant antiquity. As far as "escapees", that did (and does happen). In some cases the winning army will have soldiers make sure all of the enemy are dead and this can be combined with looting activities. Words like kurios and dominus are literary words that would be not normally be used in everyday speech by a slave. Plautus most famous character, the slave Epidicus, addresses his master as "ere", which is Greek slang and means "boss". Another of Plautus' slaves, Pseudolus, uses exactly the same word to address his master. The Romans were the ones who really geared up, producing large quantities of not just iron, but steel. This was a key factor in their success. They had various sources of iron ore, possibly including Latium itself (which was very swampy), but the big key source was the island of Elba. On Elba are extensive, pure deposits of hematite (actually specular iron) which have been worked all the way up to modern times. Hematite is pure, concentrated iron oxide and is an excellent iron ore. Elba had been developed even before the Romans by the Etruscans, but when Rome took over they greatly expanded the mining operations there. The letters in brackets have been inferred and the entire bolded part was effaced. This inscription reads as follows in English: Of course, sometimes people were carried. For example, if you could not walk and it was essential you get somewhere you might be transported lying down in a cart. Be prepared for serious pain. Normally the only thing biological transported in carts were food and corpses. When the Ukrainians originally invaded the area was occupied by various Slavic tribes who are of uncertain origin. Before them, the area was occupied by various Finnic, Turkic and and Caucasian tribes, some nomadic, others indigenous. For example, one major ethnic group in the area was the Scythians, and particularly a subgroup of Scythians known as Sarmatians. The Sarmatians are believed to have come from what is now Iran. The first use of the term golden section (Der goldenen schnitt) was by the German mathematician Martin Ohm in his book "Pure Elementary Mathematics" (1835). Since Ohm, various authors have theorized about the presence of the ratio between the extreme and mean as defined by Book 2, Proposition 11 of Euclid, notably Jay Hambridge in his book "Dynamic Symmetry: The Greek Vase" (1920). The mysticism of the section dates back to the Renaissance and is best exemplified by the book Divina Proportione (The Divine Proportion)(1509) by Luca Pacioli and Leonardo Da Vinci. In modern times, the theory was developed by Theodore Cook in his 1914 book, The Curves of Life: being an account of spiral formations and their application to growth in nature, to science and to art; with special reference to the manuscripts of Leonardo da Vinci., which was 400 pages of showing how the "golden ratio" was supposedly everywhere. Cook is the first one to make the connection to Phidias, even calling the golden section, the "ratio of Phidias." The actual relation to Phidias, however, appears to have been popularized, not by Cook, but by Le Corbusier and is mentioned in several of his books, for example, Towards a New Architecture (1923) in which he writes: