PROP. II. Extension is an attribute of God, or God is an extended thing. I don't think this has anything to do with morality or mudslinging specifically, the possibility of regress is created by the ability of talking to represent something else. A talks about B, B talks about A talking about B, A talks about B talking about A talking about B, etc. That talking is accusing accompanied by moral judgements just comes along for the ride. Indeed we do not even need B, A can talk about A talking about A talking about A, talking about A, sometimes politicians do that too with accusing replaced by praising. The counterculture of 1960s largely embraced the "carpe diem" outlook, but without the moderation or traditional hedonism. Many of its stars even practiced what they preached, especially the "die young" part. And this reminds us of Nietzsche's amor fati, love of fate: I believe what you describe is close to what is called anachronism (literally, out of time -ism): It is the "self-evidence" of mathematical truths, despite the apparent lack of empirical input, and their peculiar "objective certainty", beyond that of any empirical surmise, that attracted many subsequent ethical rationalists to the analogy. If mathematics can credibly discover eternal truths, it went, so can ethics. This traditional use is rather problematic today. Duty: From Middle English duete, from Old French deu (“due”), past participle of devoir (“to owe”), from Latin debere (“to owe”), from de (“from”) + habere (“to have”). I think you understood Singer's argument wrong, or maybe the argument looks different than in his other books. The pond analogy as I know it has nothing to do with buying clothes or the number of actually starving children. If I read the following correctly, then it's not Korsgaard's goal to tell us how to behave in a society. She tells us that to conform to a constitution means to make collective action possible in the first place, and later she will, just as Plato, transfer this back to the person and its faculties/soul. Nonetheless, I wonder if her modernisation of Plato can carry the argument. Therefore the question: Is usurping the office of another in a society that might be described as not yet just unjust in the same way it would be in the perfect polis? I don't think so. In general I do worry a little about the structure of these sorts of claims. As soon as I'm saying all behavior originates from one single thing, then that one single thing wouldn't seem able to really explain particular behaviors very well anymore. In other words, if every act aims at x, then x becomes so broad as to encompass all action by definition -- we have lost the meaning of x. In other words my suggestion is that some actions, passions, expressions, values are only possible on condition of a 'low' or 'base' way of thinking and living. I am even tempted to claim this may even indicate the critical dimension of philosophy itself, in a way -- to identify the difference between "high" and "low" thought, to rigorously establish the spiritual distance between "base" and "noble" ways of living. We need to distinguish critical, ethically significant variations in the quality of happiness being served in particular instances. I have been reading and enjoying the recently translated Two Lessons on Animal and Man by Gilbert Simondon; I am also planning on working through Derrida's The Beast and the Sovereign. (I have also been considering trying to read Agamben's Homo Sacer, and perhaps Guattari's Three Ecologies, alongside these.) Here's a few papers on the subject of Kant and lying that might be helpful to start getting our arms around this question: Now, if the machine doesn't have this sort of access to its "mind," which seems likely at least in the earliest stages of development, it will be in roughly the same position with respect to suffering that modern humans are; i.e., its internal neurocognitive structure is effectively a 'black box' manipulating signals of its own accord, so the machine wouldn't have any opportunity to consciously interrupt the flow of pain-signals. But as for dueling nation-states, locked in an elemental geopolitical struggle, it seems to me morality in the "everyday sense" is rendered largely derisory. This seems to fit in with what would be my "instinctual" reading of the maxim, which I was tempted to expand upon in the comments -- that women are the uncomplaining victims of a kind of astonishing biological-cosmic-social conspiracy. The remark, strange as it sounds, is "pro-feminist" in the sense that, as D+G might put it, feminists can never take their "becoming-woman" far enough. I think we definitely miss the point if we reduce the insight here to the level of procreation-filiation, even at the asymptotic limit of giving birth to the "overman" -- here I am tempted to remind us of Derrida's remarks about mothers, especially about "thinking" mothers; he says they are something like the most important thing, the point of his work...