In answers to other questions, I've seen "time-out" and the "1-2-3 method" mentioned as effective, but I don't see my son reacting to that -- he is not the kind of kid you can sit down on a mat and say "stay!", especially not when only mom is around. When he's placed in his room, he just leaves the room (he can open all doors unless they're locked or gated). When he's placed in his cot, he cries loudly and doesn't stop. Lastly, remember that it's incredibly easy for us Internet strangers to sit here and type out what one could/should/would have done. Actually being in the situation, and having to think up perfect responses, is difficult. Whatever happens, please don't be too hard on yourself. You're making great efforts to handle this well, and that's absolutely commendable. Try to get her back to napping. From your post it doesn't seem likely this will work, but it's always worth a try (be patient!) and it might become easier to achieve over time. Don't ever give in to her bullying. She does this because she knows from experience that it works! She is showing you that she has more endurance than you have, and she is using it to consistently win over you. You must look at yourselves to change this: it's incredibly hard but you must teach your child that she's the child and you're the parents so you get to decide. She can earn the things she asks for as a privilege following good behavior, but she can never demand it - never ever! Every time you give in, you give her power over you. Every time you stand firm, you help her understand her role in the family. If she doesn't want to sleep, allow her to play quietly by herself in her room. This gives her an exit strategy if she doesn't want to sleep, while obeying you; it's a win-win. You may choose to join her if you like, but emphasize that that is your decision, not hers. I can recognize my son in some of this. He just turned three and needs a decent noon nap to be happy. Sometimes (like today!) he wakes much too soon and is grumpy, just like your child. In the first many situations, let a warning be your first escalation. Explain what the direct natural consequence of disobeying would be: If you don't put your shoes on now, we can't go to the park. You could skip this step if you want to discipline more rigorously. Explain that stealing is never okay - ever. Ask her why she did it. Figure out what her motivation was. Was it just for fun? Does she feel pressured by peers to have these items? Did she steal because she wanted the items or because she wanted to do the deed? Stealing from a store: Does she realize just how merciful that store manager was? She could have gotten into life-altering trouble from that. It would be a valuable experience for her to go back to the store manager and thank him for how he handled it! And, of course, she also needs to apologize sincerely. I would start out by handling primary-schooler tantrums the same way as toddler tantrums -- basically, don't let his tantrums succeed. I would (perhaps naively) expect an older child to understand and, to some degree, respect disciplining activities -- but our son, at this age, just doesn't seem to notice or care. It feels as if he's too young to grasp the concept of disciplining, but I think that's not accurate; we just haven't found the right method yet. Sometimes we send our toddler son to his room, either to calm down or because he has misbehaved and we need some distance. Our aim is not primarily the punishment, but rather to have him calm down and/or get him out of our way. This works well and usually everything is fine 3-5 minutes later. I think you are essentially headed in the right direction on a parallel track to the one you are intending in your discussions with him about "good boys" and "bad boys." Instead, I wonder if you might use more of an approach where you speak about your feelings - especially in regard to trust. "When I get pinched, and it hurts it is hard to trust that person won't hurt me that way again. If the person who did the pinching says, 'sorry' it is like saying, 'I'm sorry I did that, I won't do it again.' If you say 'sorry' and don't do it again, it is easier for me to trust you and want to hang out." In regard to other situations My daughter has two older cousins that are, shall we say "undisciplined" so it was especially tricky. The cousins are by-way of an in-law and her parenting style at family functions at least is pretty much "leave well enough alone." She let her two year old slap the newborn all the time when the second one was an infant and said, "Well she is expressing her frustration about the disturbance the baby has made in her life." Obviously, talking to the parent wasn't a real option for me. Parenting with Love and Logic - Yes it is about giving choices to your children. It will talk all about why this is important in terms of both their development and esteem, as well as just helpful to you. No it is not about manipulation, it is about empowerment for you and your children. A choice of action a or a spanking would NOT be advocated in the book, both options are supposed to be equally valid options for both parents and child. Either way, Alice knew that when we did talk she needed to have an honest apology where she told me what she had done wrong (rather than the other way around) and had an idea about what she might do differently next time, or that she was coming to me because she was confused and honestly wanted to talk about how to make it better. Sometimes it takes an hour before she is ready to do this and sometimes 30 seconds. I have never set a timer for her because then instead of thinking about a solution to her behavior she's just thinking about when time will be up and she can leave her chair.