Kant was acquainted with so-called natural history his time, i.e. the work of Linnaeus and Buffon. Kant introduced an important distinction between "description of nature" (Naturbeschreibung) and "history of nature" (Naturgeschichte). Only the second can aspire to be science proper. As Kant writes, The "culprit" here is the wide reception of French literary critic Roland Barthes and his essay The Death of the Author from 1967. 

Theaet. What do you mean, Socrates? it would seem thus that Williams' position is the standard view. 

A unified sensory experience can only possibly be accounted for if the categories apply to that sensory experience. [Insert complex/puzzling justification of claim (1) here…] Since we do perceive that kind of unified experience, the categories do in fact apply to our sensory experience. With Hume against Hume In order to understand Kant's philosophical move, TD must be set against Hume's empiricist psychological theory. Hume denied that apriori concepts could correctly apply to objects featured in experience, because only concepts (Hume: ideas) deriving from sensory experiences (Hume: impressions) can actually apply to the objects in our experience. Apriori concepts lack such a connection and therefore, according to Hume, fail to apply to the objects of experience - they lack objective validity. 

On the other side, I found a passage in Kvanvig (2003): 

Note that we have seen the "far side" of the moon by now, so the question is verifiable in practice. But you can find many other examples in the literature, such as "There are horses on Alpha Centauri". According to Ayer, one must distinguish between "practical verifiability" and "verifiability in principle". And verificationism states that a statement is meaningful if it is verifiable in principle (see Ayer 1952, p. 29). 

The technical term in philosophy is doxastic voluntarism (DV), i.e. the thesis that beliefs are subject to the will and, as such, that we are able to choose what to believe. Whether DV is a defendable claim is debated in current epistemology, as well as in philosophy of religion and, a bit more surprisingly, in philosophy of science. 

There are a few qualifications to this answer: 

To get an overview of the actual argument deployed in TD and also get a better grasp on how TD fits into Kant's broader project, you may read a very good summary from a philosophy course at UC Davis. 

In your case the position of blueism entails at least two claims: 

What do you think now? Making the practical advantage to matter epistemically, seems to kinda blur the line here. In general, making these abstract schemata more concrete could show that there are contexts in which DV might be more plausible than in others, thus pointing to the context-sensitivity of DV. Put another way: "the all" anything that is capable of being experienced in any manner whatsoever. 

In short, if questions of interpretation interest you at all, there's not much point in going any further before you have grappled with this text. Some of these are spelled out explicitly, as axioms. For why this is necessarily the case, see Agrippa's Trilemma. If you are interested in the intersection between Buddhist and Western philosophy, a good place to begin is with Mark Siderits's book, Buddhism As Philosophy: An Introduction. Tom McEvilley's book The Shape of Ancient Thought offers a historical perspective of the inter-connections between the ancient Greek and Indian philosophical traditions. Fortunately, it is available in English translation, ubiquitous at libraries, cheap in paperback, and easy to read. To cut to the chase: if you follow a foundationalist epistemology, you have some kind of axioms or first principles that you need to build up from (but it is likely that doing so would require you to actually become a scientist in order to make a decision in this case); if, on the other hand, you follow a coherentist epistemology, you adjudicate each new claim against the things you already believe to be true, which puts you in danger of confirmation bias. Are my vague understandings wildly incorrect? Do, for example, Descartes, Hume, or Kant deal in some fashion with "other minds?" Is it fair to assume that "other" and "other minds" are at least somewhat related concepts? Are there distinct differences? Are there any suggested readings that might help me sort it out? 

The point is that you mistake the categories. Anything can become an object of scientific method. But once it is adequately demonstrated, contextualized within existing bodies of theory, passes experimental testing, and test results are repeatable "at will" we no longer call it "supernatural." And, of course, there's the problem of research funding... 

I tend to assume it implies not just an "object" but "another subject" or alter-ego or an alterity with some sort of intentionality. I have never seen it related per se to the problem of "other minds" in the analytic traditions, which itself seems to have lost popularity or perhaps acquired a new terminology while I wasn't looking. I have not really pursued the history or literature on either one of these topics, though the two concepts are often encountered in readings.