I returned to the UK permanently in 1979, so I have only anecdotal evidence of what happened since, but friends do say that things have got a lot worse, so it's possible that your vlogger is right. 

Initially, many groups made dual registrations with the Boy's Brigade and the Boy Scouts Association. This capitalised on the existing infrastructure and fuelled the rapid growth of the Scout movement. 

I do know that Yugoslavia was one of the countries that provided financial and materiel assistance to the MPLA before the civil war actually broke out in 1975. They may even have provided military training before 1975 (although I thought that training was provided by the USSR). On page 519 of Into the Storm: American Covert Involvement in the Angolan Civil War, Shannon Butler observes: 

Full text of Into the Storm: American Covert Involvement in the Angolan Civil War, 1974-1975 by Shannon Rae Butler on the Internet Archive. 

When Baden Powell re-wrote his manual and published it as Scouting for Boys he fundamentally changed its ethos. He left out many of the military aspects and applied the techniques to other, non-military, heroes of the day like explorers and backwoodsmen. He also added the Scout Method which was an innovative, informal educational system intended to develop good character. 

That's how he saw himself, anyway. In practical terms he never had a solid grip on reality, and after a couple of successful annexations he went totally off the rails; he believed that he was God. Both his statements and actions back that up. Unlike many of his Nazi colleagues, he really had no interest in neo-paganism and did nothing to encourage it. 

I will confine my answer to Hitler's actions and self-identification, rather than saying whether he was a 'true Christian', because per Wittgenstein, universal terms like Christian can only have family resemblances not a single defining characteristic. Of course (some) Christians believe there is a single internally coherent and true version of Christianity (theirs), and all other interpretations are heresy. However I am not a Christian, so thankfully I don't have to pretend that there is one true interpretation, so I won't. 

In the very early republic Yuan Shikai controlled more territory, but not for long as his inability to stop the exploitation of China by foreign powers and his general conservatism made him very unpopular. 

I said above that Hitler's religious beliefs are not as important as people think they were. Hitler is not the same thing as Nazi Germany. If Hitler was not a Christian, this does not mean that Christianity came out of the war with clean hands. People make a big fuss out of Bonhoffer and Niemoller these days, but the uncomfortable fact is that most Germans, and therefore most Lutherans and a good chunk of Catholics, supported Hitler partly because he portrayed his war as a war against Bolshevist atheism, and inflamed their long-standing antisemitism. 

Now we've got that out the way, as I said we'll take a direct look at Hitler. First there's his public statements. They are pretty unambiguous: Christianity is good, atheism is bad. He said some rude things about Catholicism, but anti-atheism was the main thrust of his arguments. This wiki page cites quite a few of them; it was part of his attempt to discredit his Social Democrat and Communist rivals. All this worked, and he got the support of German Christians: the vast majority of those in his party were practising Christians. Note that per the above paragraph I am not making some essentialist claim that theoretical 'true Christians' supported him, I'm saying that practical Christians, who lived, breathed, and physically existed supported him. 

The fact that the Scout movement also catered for girls widened its appeal, since many of the youth movements up to that point had been for boys only. As noted above, the Girl Guides were formed by Baden-Powell and his sister, Agnes, just months after the Boy Scouts Association. (Agnes Baden-Powell would lead the Girl Guides until 1918 when Olave Baden-Powell took over as Chief Guide.) 

My experience was that the state of the infrastructure was comparable to that in the UK at that time (in some ways it was better, given the strikes that impacted services in the UK in the mid 1970s). Metalled roads were kept in good repair, and even dirt-roads were maintained to a standard that allowed a normal family saloon to use them without risk (with the possible exception of the rainy season in some parts of the country!). 

[One of the reasons that national mints introduced mint-marks on bullion from about the eighteenth century was to assure its quality and so eliminate the heed for such testing]. 

That's how he saw himself, anyway. In practical terms he never had a solid grip on reality, and after a couple of successful annexations he went totally off the rails; he believed that he was God. Both his statements and actions back that up. Unlike many of his Nazi colleagues, he really had no interest in neo-paganism and did nothing to encourage it. 

The other leg to understanding his beliefs is Hitler's actions. How did he behave towards Christians and other religious groups, and what were his future plans? 

I will confine my answer to Hitler's actions and self-identification, rather than saying whether he was a 'true Christian', because per Wittgenstein, universal terms like Christian can only have family resemblances not a single defining characteristic. Of course (some) Christians believe there is a single internally coherent and true version of Christianity (theirs), and all other interpretations are heresy. However I am not a Christian, so thankfully I don't have to pretend that there is one true interpretation, so I won't. 

I said above that Hitler's religious beliefs are not as important as people think they were. Hitler is not the same thing as Nazi Germany. If Hitler was not a Christian, this does not mean that Christianity came out of the war with clean hands. People make a big fuss out of Bonhoffer and Niemoller these days, but the uncomfortable fact is that most Germans, and therefore most Lutherans and a good chunk of Catholics, supported Hitler partly because he portrayed his war as a war against Bolshevist atheism, and inflamed their long-standing antisemitism.