The system essentially provided "free" healthcare to some, with insurance and those who could pay making up the difference. I once lost coverage right after a major, scheduled surgery. I received bills for over $10,000 in total. You know what was shocking? I called the hospital up and they told me they'd take 70% off if I paid one lump sum. Now, in other settings people would call that a fleecing or a scam (that's a steep interest rate for financing, if you consider that all finance charges), but the 70% was clearly for not only the finance charges, but people who didn't pay at all (Emergency rooms all have signs saying they will treat you regardless of your ability to pay). This problem has diminished some, due to the expansion of Medicaid, but it's still there. 

As to why we sell to the Saudis and India? 

Medicaid — and Medicaid expansion — are specifically set up for the poor, and Nevada has about 600,000 people utilizing it. Of the state’s 2.9 million residents, about 11% remain without any healthcare coverage. 

As to what we got out of it? Public Relations 

That is a sound argument. But it was just as sound in 2013 [when Trump decried action in Syria]. Trump’s real motivation seems to be the fact that babies were “choked out” and that he saw it on TV. And it is this apparent fact that should give everyone — supporters and critics alike — the most cause for concern. 

What's the difference between an executive order and a presidential memorandum? 

Can a presidential candidate place different running mates for different states? If so, who will be the Vice President if elected? 

Regarding the cabinet appointments, the new President can choose to replace or retain the officials in the previous cabinet. This happened before when Nixon resigned and his successor Ford replaced most of Nixon's cabinet members. 

No, it has never happened. There hasn't been any President-elect that died before Inauguration Day and after the Electoral College votes. 

Article 2, Section 3, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution gives the President the right to pardon: 

Sidenote: I'm not claiming that the electronic voting machines were indeed hacked; the theory does seem plausible. Just wanted to know the purpose of the recount and its effectiveness. 

If Trump's cost of travel stays consistent throughout his entire presidency, he is set to outpace Obama by a long shot. If he stays in office for one term, his travel costs could reach $480 million. A second term could see that price tag skyrocketing to $960 million. In comparison, Obama's travel cost hit a mere $97 million throughout his eight years in the White House. 

This happens in one of the most developed countries in the world (8th place in Human Development Index). 

But, nothing about any mental health examination. 

Question: do posts made on these networks have the same power as public declarations made using more classic channels such as TV broadcasted press conferences? 

This paper (check ANNEX) places United States on 37th position in terms of medical systems "efficiency" (I cannot tell the date when this study was made). 

[EDIT] Although answers from the duplicate proposal may fit here, this question does not assume that US health system must be a national one in order to make it more "efficient". E.g.: This answer from Quora tells us that "Americans pay 30% to 300% more than Canadians for the identical drug made in New Jersey or California.". Theoretically, better regulation of drugs pricing might increase the cost efficiency of the health system, without changing other aspects. 

This article informs about how can a President be impeached: 

Efficiency is computed using various factors such as health distribution, financing, responsiveness etc. 

This article tells us that the number Americans without health insurance just hit an all-time low: 

Important note: although I use references about the current President, my question should be regarded as a general one, not specifically related to Donald Trump. 

According to this article, US has recorded a slight decline in PISA scores: 

The Constitution doesn't actually define what "other high crimes and misdemeanors" means. The historical sense is that it basically means, kind of, serious political crimes, sort of crimes against the state, crimes that involve abuse of office, abuse of power, abuse of trust. 

I assume that mental health assessment is harder to be objectively performed, as opposed to physical one, which deals with clear intervals of normality, but I think that many aspects reached scientific consensus and can be used.