Perhaps the real answer is that the theoretical model of communism is impossible to implement. A new model would have to be proposed. Since it hasn't yet, we can't really say if it would have currency or not. 

This might make more sense with colleges. For one thing, they are richer, with large endowments. For another thing, employment often follows college graduation closely. In particular, doctors and lawyers leave college to go directly to work. Or many doctorates get jobs with that or another college. So repayment would start sooner relative to when the expenses were incurred. 

The result is that in practice, every communist government (e.g. the Soviet Union) has still had currency. So they haven't been true communist societies as envisioned by Engels, et. al. 

This kind of stuff works at the corporate level because if a company does it badly, another company can do it better and therefore more cheaply. We use money to give people control over that. My job pays me money which I then pay to companies so that they can pay their employees. If one company is inefficient, they raise their prices. I switch to a different company. The first company goes out of business (assuming most others switch too). The surviving companies expand, hiring many of the workers of the bankrupt company. 

Most states already have sales taxes and value added taxes (VATs) are essentially a tax on sales. VATs are regressive, as they tax consumption rather than income and the poor consume a larger portion of their income. While businesses pay VAT to the government, they collect the money from their customers. Liberals prefer taxes that they can claim come from businesses and their owners to ones on employees and customers. Conservative/libertarian arguments against a VAT: 

Communism (and government in general) has been less successful about coming up with a replacement for that process. National democracy doesn't work for things that are inputs to other products. Too many people will know nothing about the issue. You need something controlled more locally to the industry involved. But what about things that are end products? They are consumed nationally even if produced locally. How to balance the national consumer interest with the local production interest?