If there are server issues during your game that Riot would consider serious enough to affect your gameplay, then any loss will be forgiven due to circumstances outside of your control (source). This means that your elo and win/loss stats are unaffected by that loss. However, if you win your elo will only increase by half of what it normally would. IP and XP are gained as usual. Keep in mind that it's not always about killing your opponent. If the Morgana you are against saves her Dark Binding and Black Shield and is always using them at the right time, give up trying to kill her and focus on farming. Akali is amazing at farming, being able to reset auto-attacks and having two great damage spells. You may not outfarm Morgana given how awesome Tormented Soil is, but you will come close. Don't forget that you can return that pressure with lots of auto-attacks and using your abilities on minions - if you really feel like you cannot kill her you should always push back on her minion wave as hard as she pushes yours. If the Morgana pushes too hard signal to teammates (especially your jungler) and she will be easy to gank. Since the buff isn't refreshed on the second cast of Distortion, the second cast of Distortion will not activate Lich Bane. I would safely guess that this also applies to the second cast of Mimic: Distortion. Also, Tryndamere's only damage ability (the spin) is almost always used to gap close instead of doing damage, so he does not hurt as much as other full AD champions who have so many abilities that scale on their high AD. Full AD Darius, Olaf, Jax (AD/AP), Irelia, and Riven can easily outperform Tryndamere in teamfights. In most cases you can at least hold mid as Akali against Morgana. Both of you have good late game potential as well, so don't give up. If a teammate could do a better job than you in mid then let them do it. If you have to be mid just focus on farming, try your best, and don't get psyched out. You will get better and better as Akali and Morgana will only mid in less than 5% of the games you play anyways, she's not a typical mid nowadays in League of Legends. Wards take 1 second to become invisible after they are placed. The highest base attack speed at level 1 is 0.694, which means within a second only a single auto attack can hit the ward from a single champion. An ADC and support relying on auto attacks alone will not be able to take out the ward. For example, the Quintessence of Frosty Fortitude available during Christmas cost 1550 IP compared to the regular 2050 IP - a notable 500 IP less for the same stats. Otherwise, some notable champions for clearing wards are (source): Theoretically it's impossible at level 1 for conventional ADC/support lanes based on attack speed alone. As an ADC, regardless of what you build it should be built to maximize your damage effectiveness. The only useful defensive items are to help you survive burst from assassins and to help you survive drawn-out duels with bruisers and tanks. I list my favourite ADC items in the order of effectiveness, from my experience. I would say this advice applies appropriately to Kog'Maw. Since you destroy him in melee battles and he cannot risk a melee engage with his Q, you take the role as aggressor here. If he Qs away when you try to engage, you are winning. His Q costs HP, and the only way for him to heal is auto attacking. Keep doing this and he's just wearing himself down. Stand in the minions and zone him so he can't heal. Freeze your lane so no minions move closer to his tower. Punish him with your burst for coming too close - getting his Q on cooldown is sufficient. He cannot trade with you, cannot heal, and cannot farm, so this lane is completely over. You do not need to kill him, just establish dominance and farm because you scale well and can win other engagements with a gimped Aatrox.