any part of the head, body or feet is nearer to the opponents’ goal line than both the ball and the second-last opponent. In the Regulations of 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia - Final competition - 32. Group stage it's only dryly stated that: restart play for: restart play after it has been stopped for a: 

Everyone remembers Benzema's "La croqueta" against Atlético Madrid in the 2nd leg of 2016/2017 Champions League's semi-final, right? 

You can easily find them on different web resources, like for example here. As Panna is a street and freestyle game, there are no strict rules, but in a nutshell: 

If player B is within playing distance of the ball and player A places his foot between player B and the ball, then it's tripping. 

Laws of The Game; Law 11 - Offside; 1. Offside Position state that: If both player A and player B are within playing distance of the ball, then whoever before this disputable move from player A was over control of the ball gets a decision in his favor. So, receiving a second caution in the same match is one of the 7 main reasons to be sent off but not the only reason. There's no mention in the Laws of the Game, that a player can't be shown direct red card after being already cautioned by a yellow card. So, as we don't know how FIFA will exactly conduct the draw and given that the way the pots are formed for WC2018 are completely different from the previous edition, I can guess that the draw will be conducted with the help of computer (like UEFA Champions League group stage draw - video) and computer will only allow such draws that it never gets stuck at some point given the constraints.                                               (Source) The possible outcomes that I think of are: As you can read from the IFAB (International Football Association Board) Laws of the Game; Law 12 - Fouls and Misconduct; 3. Disciplinary Action; Sending-off Offences Section: Once shown the red card Cristiano Ronaldo pushed me slightly in a sign of disagreement. 

82th minute. Player #7 Cristiano Ronaldo has been sent off for the following reason: second yellow card. 

No one will probably ever see such a thing happening, but the rules are good when they are complete and consider nearly every possible scenario. Besides that, there's no rule disallowing the players to kick-off into their own half. Why? Because the offside-line in the picture you use is not quite parallel to the goal line, but look at another picture from goal.com, Ronaldo's head was closer to the goal line than the ball: 

In Body Language, Communication and Whistle subsection of the appendix section Practical Guidelines for Match Officials only the occasions for a whistle are listed, however the number of whistles again isn't mentioned anywhere in the Laws of the Game. Law 12 - Fouls and Misconduct; 2. Indirect Free Kick: Impeding the progress of an opponent without contact states that: The situation you've described happens quite frequently actually and you will see the examples at the end. This situation is also implied in the FIFA Disciplinary Code; Article 17. Caution: Which implies that if someone got direct red card, he or she could've also been cautioned with a yellow card before. 

Edit: FIFA oficially published the draw procedures (Video): As I have already stated, the computer will be used to prevent deadlocks and it proved to be correct. After each draw, the group will be skipped if computer foresees 2 teams from the same confederation (except UEFA) being drawn into the same group. The video of the mock draw can be found here. 

Showing a direct red card after showing a red card for two accumulated yellow cards is redundant. Because what is more important, as you have already guessed, is what the referee wrote in the post-match protocol. 

If you look at the Details of all Law changes - Law 08 – The Start and Restart of Play - 1. Kick-off, the following part has been added recently: In the Law 5: The Referee section of FIFA Laws of the Game there is no mention of the number of whistles by referee. Now that you've remembered, my question is what if Benzema would have been fouled behind the goal line (outside the pitch) near the penalty area when the ball is still clearly in the field? How the game would have been then restarted, namely, if Benzema was fouled at this very moment: 82th minute. Player #7 Cristiano Ronaldo was cautioned for the following reason: foul simulation. 

Ideally, the rules of the tournament should be defined before it starts, but now that we're here: 

And here comes the most entertaining part: what has Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea mentioned in his protocol? Below you can see the original protocol, published by MARCA: 

This is how IFAB defines playing distance: I assume as the first part of the rule considers the scenario of scoring directly against the opponents goal, the additional part was somehow needed to make the rule complete. 

As a result of this incident, Cristiano Ronaldo was banned for five games. So, this decision has been made because the referee mentioned it in the protocol and regardless whether Ronaldo received direct red card or not. 

The situation you are interested in is not explicitly mentioned in Laws of the Game or specifically in Disciplinary Code of Royal Spanish Football Federation (PDF in Spanish, page 56). 

In my opinion, the best loser out of 3 teams lost in the quarter-finals (or 1/6 finals in your case) is the one who performed better in the games involving only those 3 teams during round-robin phase or even who finished higher in the table. Now the dubious part is whether Ronaldo was nearer to the goal line than the ball. The answer is yes, he was, hence, he was in the offside position. 

Because this way the loser will be most probably the strongest one. Why? Here's a demonstrative example: