Now lets look at your two Biblical proverbs: 

If someone does something foolish to you, you can address his folly head on, without doing something foolish in return. 

Is this saying that literally I forget everything I hear, but I remember everything I see? Of course not. It's speaking in hyperbole to make a point about what is often considered the most effective way of learning something. 

The Bible authors "came before." So lets imagine that there's an imaginary Bible verse that says: 

So even believing the Bible is inherently basing our beliefs on those who came before. 

In the New Testament, there are three main naming conventions. Many books are named after their authors, such as the Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, along with a few other letters (also called Epistles), which are named after their authors, such as James, and First Peter and Second Peter (he wrote two letters that are in the Bible). 

They may be "contradictory" if taken in a literal sense, but proverbs are not really meant to be taken literally--whether those from the Bible, or from any other source. 

What point is being made here? If someone does something foolish, doing something foolish in return only makes you like him. That seems like good advice, and this point stands on its own. 

When you think about it, this question is based on circular reasoning. 

Consider the definition of a proverb: 

Who wrote 2 Chemicals? Saint Heisenberg. Why should we trust Saint Heisenberg? 

What point is being made here? When someone does something foolish, to make him aware of his folly, you must address his folly head-on, otherwise he will think his folly is wisdom. This also seems like good advice, and stands on its own. 

Consider a modern rendition of a popular chinese proverb: 

Some of the other books in the New Testament are also letters, and are named after the recipient. First Corinithians and Second Corinthians are the first and second letters written to the church in Corinith, for instance. And Romans is a letter written to the church in Rome. First Timothy and Second Timothy are both letters written to Timothy (who was a church leader at the time). 

The various books get their names in different ways. Most of the Old Testament books are named for their theme. For example, the book of Genesis tells of the beginning (or genesis) of the world, and human history. The book of Exodus tells of the story of the Israelites' exodus out of Egypt. Psalms and Proverbs, are collections of, respectively, psalms (songs) and proverbs (wise sayings). The books of Samuel, Ruth, Job, and many others, tell the stories of the people after which they are named. 

And finally, a few of the New Testament books are also named after their theme. Acts portrays the "acts of the Apostles", and Revelation is a revelation of new insight (although the exact theme of Revelation is somewhat of a disputed issue--some say it's a revelation about the future, others say it's historical in content). 

So no, they do not contradict each other, unless they are taken out of context, and overly literally. 

"But the Bible is canon!" you might say. Yes, that's true... Christians, by and large, agree that the Bible is "special." But why? Because other Christians decided they were, and we agree with them. 

As such, each proverb (whether Biblical or otherwise) must be examined on its own, to see what it means. Proverbs are very poetic, and full of imagery that should not be taken literally. Take any analogy too far, and you have chaos. Try to mix two analogies, and really weird things happen.