One can disagree with Kant's view, or one can even agree with it but still choose to treat existence as a predicate for technical convenience. It is unclear what path you take in your example. Of course, we can think of listing "characteristics" (Kant's "logical predicates") of an object in a database, and one of those characteristics could be "exists in nature" (like horse) or "fictional" (like unicorn). What Kant is talking about is not such technical convenience that "abstracts from all content", but rather descriptive ("real") predicates that constitute our conceptions of objects. Be it horse or unicorn we do not learn anything new about our conception of them by discovering that such an animal occurs in nature. In fact, we need to form a conception first, and then go out into the nature to find out if an object of this conception exists there. Kant used this view to object to the ontological argument, which first declares existence to be part of the conception of "God", but then infers his real existence from it. 

I have to say that I find Grim's argument far short of compelling. Both Tarski's and Gödel's theorems apply to the first order theories with arithmetic, they are no longer true in the second order logic. But even without that, predicates are finite crutches that beings like us use to handle the infinite, an omniscient being has no need for such tools. It can know every true instance separately, all infinitely many of them, without any need for a definable predicate. Such knowledge of instances need not be "definable" (i.e. algorithmic) in any way, let alone in the first order logic. In other words, it produces no truth predicate, and no contradiction with the first order undefinability of truth. 

I don't think presence/absence of air matters, not that Galileo mentions anything about vacuum. What is most suspicious about his argument is exactly that it is so general. If it works the falling rate should not depend on any (additive) characteristic of objects whatsoever, regardless of the missing extra conditions. We could give those objects electric charges and turn on electric field of our liking, and the argument still seems to go through. But leads to a wrong conclusion that the falling rate is independent of the charges. 

So what does it mean? If we put "described" back in, then "physical world is described by an abstract mathematical structure" makes sense, but I think that Tegmark wants more, like "fully described". I do not see how to make sense of anything like that though, how does one "animate" idealities without recourse to physical, or to supernatural? Philosophers of old invoked God's powers (sub specie aeternitatis?), but that would hardly work for Tegmark, and it does not explain. 

"Criterial" approach stems from Wittgenstein's view of meaning as use, and irreducibility of language to propositional knowledge and logic. Roughly speaking, according to Wittgenstein there are types of knowledge, such as skills, that fall under "know how" rather than "know what", and can not be expressed in propositions, truth conditions and inferences without severe distortions. One could call such knowledge "instinctive". For instance, when we swim we do not assess our position and then make inferences to what move to make, we just do, and when we itch we just scratch. Similarly, we do not make inferences as to existence of other minds, we just deal with others, it is part of our make-up. But to upload such non-propositional knowledge into logic one has to split it into propositions connected by inferences, because that is the way logic works, and such upload is unavoidably inadequate to the original content.