I have interest in ontology of numbers. I know that the two main schools of thought regarding the metaphysical status of numbers are mathematical Platonism and mathematical Nominalism. But I wonder - What other schools of thought address the question of the ontology of Numbers? And, where may I find concise but yet profound introduction to this subject? Hilbert's sixth problem regarded the axiomatization of probability as part of axiomatization of the physical sciences. And before the acceptance of Kolmogorov's axioms of probability (1933), there were other attempts at defining probability in an axiomatic fashion; for example, von Mises' theory of Collectives (1919). Von Mises believed that probability is an empirical science describing mass phenomena. He seemed to believe that he is in line with Hilbert's demand to axiomatize physics; but on the other hand - he also did not really provide purely formal system for probability per se (but rather for the notion of Collective). Nevertheless it is a big question why the language of mathematics fits at describing nature, see the famous essay by Eugene Wigner https://www.dartmouth.edu/~matc/MathDrama/reading/Wigner.html In the symposion Plato describes the ascent to the domain of ideas as a kind of mystical intuition. But even when Plato employs words "to see the idea of beauty" he always means to intuit the idea by our mind. 

Conerning the reality of mathematical objects: 

The proof goes by showing that models exists which satisfy all axioms but not the parallel postulate. Hence the question came up whether Euclidean geometry is the only geometry to be used in natural science. As we know today thanks to the General Theory of Relativity, near large mass distribution spacetime is curved and not Euclidean. Here Euclidean geometry does not apply. A nice example is gravitation lensing, see and in general, the union of (the numeral representing the number n) with (the set with single element the numeral representing n) is the numeral representing the number n+1. 

Is axiomatization of probability regarded today as a closed issue in virtue of Kolmogorov's axioms? 

The demand for axiomatization of probability was put forward by Hilbert at the very beginning of the past century: it was the sixth problem in his famous twenty three problems he deemed of high importance. Hilbert's sixth problem regarded the axiomatization of probability as part of axiomatization of the physical sciences. And before the acceptance of Kolmogorov's axioms of probability (1933), there were other attempts at defining probability in an axiomatic fashion; for example, von Mises' theory of Collectives (1919). Von Mises believed that probability is an empirical science describing mass phenomena. He seemed to believe that he is in line with Hilbert's demand to axiomatize physics; but on the other hand - he also did not really provide purely formal system for probability per se (but rather for the notion of Collective). I have interest in ontology of numbers. I know that the two main schools of thought regarding the metaphysical status of numbers are mathematical Platonism and mathematical Nominalism. But I wonder - What other schools of thought address the question of the ontology of Numbers? And, where may I find concise but yet profound introduction to this subject?