Longer, unambiguous formats are preferred from the standpoint of being clear, but they take up more room (an issue in a resume, especially when formatting them for a single page) and can look clumsy to some audiences. However, the horizontal list should be used sparingly, since one with more than two or three items tough to parse. None of these are correct or incorrect, but my optimal way to say it would be without parentheses or dashes; the former are hard to use well, and the latter are overused in modern fiction. If it's not important to keep the name/title pairs intact, you could always split the titles out: Just because a shift in expression or body language happens quickly doesn't mean you have to describe it quickly. You could expand the above to something more descriptive. For example: Formatting I'd avoid dates formatted like "November 2 2013" (i.e., no comma after the "2") because a too-narrow space can make the date hard to read. (Even PDFs don't preserve spacing perfectly.) Using spoken-word-type formatting like "3rd" can be a bit too chatty and conversational in a formal business document (as well as being another opportunity for typos to occur). In general, the two extremes - long, unambiguous dates verses shorter, more informal dates - run the spectrum from convenient to write and compact (if potentially unclear) to longer and harder to write (but clear). When writing a list like this, you have several options for how you want to style the text. Exceptions to these include spelling out round numbers. For example: "seven hundred", "one thousand", "forty-seven thousand", etc. There are also other rules for money, ordinal numbers, decimals, percentages, etc, but these are overkill for fiction. And, the most important thing: Pick a single date format for the document, and follow it everywhere. In academic or tech writing, the governing style sheets or style guides (MLA, APA, etc.) should always be consulted. I'll leave it to our resident tech writers to provide more detail, but I'd consult those resources and only then use the logic above: Use my own preference for bullet points unless there's a reason not to. Manuscripts in any variant of standard manuscript format will separate sections by either an empty line or three asterisks. However, when these fall at the end or the beginning of a page, they're easy to miss, so writers will often use lines of asterisks or similar symbols. Scrivener's default pound sign is fine for this purpose. The number you indicate in your question is more like a serial number. I can't find anything for that, but personally I'd use the abbreviated rule for numerals in general, using numerals and letters and not spelling them out. Unless the character's name were something short like the robots in Star Wars, where (for example) R2-D2 becomes "Artoo" for short. 2. How to Deal with Earthquakes Since earthquakes can strike at any time, it's advisable to carry your hard-hat with you at all times, since there is a large amount of debris that could fall from the ceiling. It is also recommended that you get earthquake insurance for yourself and your building, just to make sure your are better protected financially no matter what happens. The world did not end (Foo, Bar & Nom, 1994). Since earthquakes can strike at any time, it's advisable to carry your hard-hat with you at all times, since there is a large amount of debris that could fall from the ceiling. It is also recommended that you insure yourself and your building against earthquakes, just to make sure your are better protected financially no matter what happens. An alternative to bullet points could be to bold certain information in the paragraph since this would break the paragraph into manageable chunks to help understanding and memory retention. Edit: Forgot to add that, obviously, you yourself could pay someone to edit the work for you, but you definitely need your manuscript at a reasonable standard to expect to get published. Other than that, you're limited to using brief sections of the antagonist POV that could work as well for X as for Y. The one good side of that is you could use those sections to drop subtle clues about the antagonist's true identity. Based on the suggested improvements, I'm guessing this reads as boastful and entitled. It may seem like a completely neutral statement, but it highlights only the acclaim you've gotten. Was this the darkness Joel had talked about? The advantage here is that it activates the reader's imagination, to produce the worst horrors each individual reader can think of. The trick is to convince the reader that you're conveying the characters' discomfort, squeamishness, etc., not your own. It's quite common to see dreams or memories placed in italics. I personally find this a beneficial technique since it effectively conveys a sense of altered consciousness. However, it depends, as always, on the effect you want to create --whether you want to emphasize or de-emphasize a discontinuity with the waking state. The classic, critically acclaimed novel Watership Down is all about intelligent rabbits, and I don't recall it being a laugh riot. This does the same thing, but I think it is better, because it highlights the hard work you will do to accomplish your goal. The point of this is to help the person judging the proposal know how to position and sell your book. If there are other books in the same general space, it shows that there is a pre-existing market. This may be harder to demonstrate for a book that is well and truly unique --unfortunately in today's marketplace, no one wants to be a pioneer. On the other hand, however, even the most experimental book typically has "distant cousins" it may resemble. The thing to remember is that ultimately the question isn't really what books are like yours?, it's what audience will buy your book? A book quite different from yours could be a good comparison if it has the same audience.