Other tasks would vary, and depend on the team, the project, the schedule, and the workload of the individual. You need to make sure that he can actually accomplish his tasks in the course of a normal week, as working overtime is generally seen as an antipattern in the agile community. 

Finally, the Scrum Master does need to be someone who is supportive of the agile methods and the Scrum framework. Otherwise, this person may be in a position to be apathetic or even detrimental to the organization implementing Scrum. That is not to say that Scrum is the be-all-end-all process model - I regularly look toward Extreme Programming, Disciplined Agile Delivery, Kanban, and other agile methods and practices. However, one must do so in an appropriate manner. 

There are specific interactions between the Scrum Master and the Product Owner, the Scrum Master and the Development Team, and the Scrum Master and the organization that is implementing Scrum. To all of these people, the Scrum Master provides a service. That is, the Scrum Master does not command or control, but collaborate, help, and facilitate. 

The only conflict of interest in roles is between the Product Owner and Scrum Master. That is, the same person should not be performing both of these roles. The Product Owner is responsible for driving the product while the Scrum Master protects the team and the integrity of the processes against business or client demands. There is some level of negotiation between these two roles on what capabilities and commitments that the Development Team should make. 

Second up, backlog grooming. In the Scrum Guide, this is now called "refinement" or "Product Backlog Refinement". It is simply the act of adding details, estimates, and order to the Product Backlog. The units that you use for estimation have no bearing on the act of Refinement. After Refinement, you should have Product Backlog Items that are sufficiently detailed for the Development Team to work on with an estimate attached to them and properly ordered based on the current understanding so they can be pulled into a Sprint. 

Consider the principles behind the Agile Manifesto and the Scrum Values. If your team claims to be agile, they should be adhering to the principles behind the Agile Manifesto in whatever implementation works best for them. If your team is claiming to be following Scrum, they should be following the Scrum Guide and the Scrum Values regardless of their implementation of each of the activities. If your team is not following these principles, you can work to guide your team to them, but the team needs to figure out what their method of following these principles works best for them. You can share your thoughts, but not impose your will on the team.