Bringing back the DC school voucher program Reversing the phaseout of energy-inefficient incandescent lightbulbs Prohibiting the Post Office from closing rural post offices or cutting Saturday delivery Requiring the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste facility to be maintained Defunding a (small) Obamacare "slush fund" Stopping the Export-Import Bank from reducing funding to carbon-producing power plants Defunding foreign aid to Libya unless the Secretary of State certifies that the Libyan government is cooperating with the Benghazi investigation. I'm surprised that Democrats agreed to all these policy riders. Of course, when the bill goes back to the House there's still a chance that Republicans will add even more policy riders, which Democrats might object to. So we're not out of the woods yet as regards a government shutdown, although a temporary stopgap bill is going to delay the shutdown date by a few days after January 15. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Prestige: As the above states, AGs and the like have their own personal prestige. As top public officers their actions are widely reported, so if they do not do the right thing their personal prestige will suffer from it. And that prestige is what will help the official to get one of those high level jobs stated above. All of the above means that usually the relief help accepted is limited; usually specialist units (medics, rescue personnel, air transportation), emergency supplies and perhaps stablishing logistic bases. The AG being fired does not (usually) mean that he will be without a job/unable to house and feed the family. For example, McNamara recounted that when he was offered the post of Secretary of Defense, he had to discus it with his family because it meant a significantly reduction of income. Presidents may belong to a party, but what is elected is the candidate, not the party. So, formally it would be "Mr. Trump the President" and not "Mr. Trump the Republican President". Anyway, as telling which party the candidate runs for gives a first idea about his/her political views, that information usually comes together. US dont have any of these problems with Saudi Arabia (King): The US senate has passed (99 to 0) an extension of the sanctions against Iran. President Obama could veto the bill before it becomes law. The veto can be overridden. US former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice named Israel’s 2006 aggression against Lebanon as "the birth pangs of a new Middle East". At the time mission failed, but "Arab Spring" was a new opportunity for US (and allies). The new Middle East they want is like this: Here, there is a phrase: "Secret service name". For Clinton it is "Evergreen" and for Trump it is "Mogul". Are there limits (age, crime,...) for participation in US elections (Congress, president,...), for people who vote or for candidates? US considers itself as pro-democracy, even intervene other countries internal affairs with excuse of democracy. On the other hand in middle east dictators are US allies. Maybe one can consider Saudi Arabia's government as The worst dictatorship in the world. Even the name of country is in the name of monarch. The name in Arabic is Al-Mamlakah al-Arabiyah as-Sa'ūdiyah, which means the Arabic country related to al-Sa'ūd ( the name of father of monarch is Abdulaziz Al-Sa'ūd).