The Christian Bible therefore contains two parts - the Jewish scriptures are referred to as the Old Testament (more accurately Old Convenant) and the writings about Jesus are the New Testament (New Covenant). 

The basis for this position is given on the page referenced above: However there is much more to the book of Philemon than that. Paul makes a great deal of pointing out to Philemon the new relationship between him and Onesimus: as you put it, there being in Christ "no difference between human master and human slave". He strongly hints without ever expressly commanding it, that Philemon should free Onesimus because of this. He hints rather than commands because he realizes that Philemon is fully entitled to keep and punish Onesimus, and he wants Philemon to not do this of his own free will, not because he has been told to. 

It is important to note that Christianity does not consider itself a wholly and entirely different religion from Judaism. Instead Christian belief is that God worked his will through his Chosen People, the Jews, promising them a Saviour (Messiah) in due course. However when that Saviour was sent, some accepted him and some did not. Those that did became Christians, and those that did not continued to call themselves Jews. 

In Hebrews 9:14, "the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offer[s] himself unblemished to God". How can Christ offer his own blood to himself if he is the same person? Unless that were somehow possible, Substitutionary Atonement is also invalid.(See Note 2) There are thus two possibilities: Briefly, hours were reckoned from sunrise - the third hour of the day would be about three hours after sunrise. Depending on the time of year, that is usually around 9 or 10am in the morning. 

Most Christians (Process Theologians excepted) would, I believe, argue that God is not constrained by time. Given temporal omnipresence, then, God would simultaneously see the sinner and the new creation. If God is outside of time, not part of the timestream if you will, then there is no past or present for God - all time happens at once. If that is the case, then it isn't possibly to for God to care where you came from or where you are going, because its all present tense to him. Being that God loves us, he must care for us as we are along. You must want a lot of prostitutes or you wouldn't sow dances; you must want a lot of vomiting, puking drunkards or you wouldn't sow saloons, and you must want a bunch of gamblers or you wouldn't play cards in your homes. 

This study, however explains some of the problems. Amongst these problems: 

Now, here's where I'm going to shift from God's motivation to what I suspect is the real thrust of the quote - If God is more concerned about what he would make of us, then once we come to him, any time we spend focused on what we were is distraction. We feel guilt and shame, to be sure, but the awesome news that is the Good News is this - God has forgiven us. Anselm's satisfaction theory of the atonement is developed in his book, Cur Deus Homo, and, as presented, is not "based on the Bible" like we might expect. Instead, Anselm relies heavily on logic, and largely avoids citing Scripture to make his case. Not simply the power of God Finally, it is widely argued that the Holy Spirit being merely the "power of God" doesn't make sense in light of verses like Luke 4:14: 

Among these, Romans 8:27 and 1 Corinthians 12:11 make it particularly clear that the Holy Spirit has a mind and will: attributes of personhood. The word "another" in this verse, plus the application of the same Greek word for Helper (parakletos) to Jesus in 1 John 2:1, further establishes the personhood of the Holy Spirit by indicating that the Holy Spirit's role mirrors that of Jesus in this significant respect. 

Citations, including all book/chapter numbers for Cur Deus Homo, refer to Anselm of Canterbury: The Major Works (Oxford World's Classics). 

Grudem also points to Christ's exclamations on the cross: "It is finished" (John 19:30) and "Father, into your hands I commit my spirit" (Luke 23:46). Both of these, Grudem argues, suggest that Christ expected that his suffering and estrangement from God would immediately end, and that he would be welcomed to the Father. Grudem also notes the similar words of Stephen in Acts 7:59.