This might be unique to Stack Overflow, given our traffic (and thus spam) volume, but I think the auto-deletion of spammers might hurt us more than it helps. In fact, as a moderator, I might appreciate if the spam flags would hang around even after a post was automatically deleted by a pile of community spam flags. This would point our attention to these users, rather than having their posts be silently deleted. 

In each case, the answer had piled up quite a few "not an answer" or "very low quality" flags, which were all cleared the instant the answer was deleted by the system. However, the poster was able to single-handedly override all that when they undeleted their non-answer with a single vote. This required others to go and re-flag the answer and for a moderator to step in and delete it so that they couldn't restore the answer. If you just started the bounty, you can flag the question where you placed it with a custom flag. Describe why the bounty has been placed in error, and moderators can remove it and return the reputation. This seems like a bad design. A user should not be able to by themselves overturn deletion of their answers that were removed by a community vote in review. This is pretty easy for us to handle, as long as the bounty hasn't yet been given to someone. However, we are hesitant to remove bounties after they've been around for a while, particularly if people have started writing answers on the bountied question. A lot of short but good answers are now popping up in the low quality posts tab's random groupings, which is making it harder to find true non-answers. Almost all of the upvoted answers that appear here are actual answers and should be left alone. Very few of the non-answers get voted up by anyone, because of their lack of content. 

Update (Sept. 23, 2015): In the time since I wrote the above, we have been given tools to find other accounts at the same location as deleted accounts, so that part of my argument no longer holds. Also, the anti-spam system now does a good job of immediately halting posts from a location hosting identified spammers, which greatly reduces the frequency of repeat spammers from the same location. 

If we had an option on the /review page to filter the low quality posts to only those at 0 votes or lower, I think it would make the random groupings more effective in showing potential answers to be removed, as well as questions that may need help. 

In the last few days, I've come across four instances where a non-answer was left by a new user, that answer was deleted by the system after six Recommend Deletion votes in the review queues, then the poster promptly reversed that deletion with a single vote. After seeing how this has changed my workflow, I now support the automatic deletion of accounts whose only posts were all destroyed via 6 community spam flags or one hard moderator spam flag. I don't see a great reason for keeping those around any longer, and this destruction could save us some time.