I just bought that house in order to get the Windhelm Home Decorating Guide book. 

If posible, just try to finish the quest by yourself :) unless its bugged of course. 

Windhelm House has in fact 12 shelves, each capable of holding 11 books. There are four bookshelves (with 2 shelves each) and one taller bookshelve (with 4 shelves) with the total of 12 shelves, the house can hold 132 books. Markarth's Vlindrel Hall: In front of Alchemy Lab - 3 Bookshelves with 3 shelves each (18+18+18 + 18+18+18 + 18+18+18). 

Solitude - Proudspire Manor: 132 Books 

If you are using PC you can use the console command setstage followed by the quest ID to "finish" any quest. UESP has the list of quests and inside each you can see its ID. To open the console command use the tilde-key (~), it sits before the "1" key and under the ESC-key. 

Whiterun - Breezehome: 47 Books Riften's Honeyside: Bedroom - 1 Bookshelf with 2 shelves (18+18), Basement - 1 Bookshelf with 2 shelves (18+18). 

Alright, I own 4 houses in Skyrim, so here im listing the houses and its book space numbers (Only Interactive bookshelves). Markarth - Vlindrel Hall: 162 Books Windhelm's Hjerim: By the stairs - 1 Bookshelf with 2 shelves (11+11), Secret Room - 1 Bookshelf with 2 shelves (11+11), Kitchen - 1 Bookshelf with 2 shelves (11+11), Armory - 1 Bookshelf with 2 shelves (11+11), Bedroom - 1 Bookshelf with 4 shelves (11+11+11+11). What about the other in-game skill increase rate-modifying Standing Stones (Warrior, Thief and Mage stones) or abilities like Ancient Knowledge (+25% Armor if wearing all Dwarven armor, smithing skill increases 15% faster). 

Try going to the place where you bought, got or stolen your current horse. Shadowmere should be nearby. Try casting the Alteration spell, Detect Life, or use the Aura Whisper dragon shout (longer range than Detect Life) to try to find Shadowmere. Shadowmere should be within the range of Detect Life or Aura Whisper. 

With it, you can activate both The Lord Stone (adds 25% magic resistance) and The Atronach Stone (adds 50% spell absorption). My list of mods (.ESP filenames from BOSS' modlist.txt): http://tinypaste.com/458eef93 

It describes how to get those arrows by playing through a particular quest and "catching" the arrows. I am thinking that the same arrows can be added through console commands, instead. 

Skyrim classifies creatures and NPCs into generic classes as enumerated on the pages below: Every time I open Skyrim the launcher downloads mods that I previously subscribed to and gives me a message that says, "Synchronization complete. Some mods that were unsubcribed were subscribed to and loaded". 

I seem to have a bug where various quest NPCs have disappeared from the city they are supposed to be in. For example, if I look on the map for Maven Black-Briar (because I have a quest leading to her), it says she's directly in the middle of Riften. If I follow my compass though, it leads me out of the city and tries to make me jump over the city walls or something to get to her. This also happened to me with Carlotta in Whiterun. How can I begin trying to resolve this bug? I don't know if they all restock. But there are many shops that definitely do restock. I'm not sure how often they restock, but it's definitely not as long as a month. Maybe a week or so.