Here the Spirit of the Lord performed a miracle. 

In each case, Jesus says a little word, "but", and then goes one huge step further. Just to take the last one as an example: 

He was assigned a grave with the wicked, and with the rich in his death, though he had done no violence, nor was any deceit in his mouth. 

Conclusion I don't think there was any conscious effort to conceal Jesus' Father as being God, not Joseph. However, at the time who would have believed it? 

Furthermore, we also read that Jesus also could suddenly disappear (Luke 24:31): 

How can someone be "put to death" and yet "not a hair of their head will perish"? 

In Matthew 5:21-48, there are six it has been said statements: 

In addition to the answers already provided, I would like to draw your attention to a passage from Luke 8:1-3: 

Jesus' ministry Again, Jesus was quite open about His Divine Father, both to His apostles; John 14:2: 

Whether Jesus Himself in His resurrected body could perform miracles by Himself (which I suspect) or whether The Holy Spirit did it for Him, the conclusion must be - it was a miracle. 

By oppression and judgment he was taken away. And who can speak of his descendants? For he was cut off from the land of the living; for the transgression of my people he was stricken. 

Jesus' words here contain an apparent contradiction: 

and He even gave hints to those who wanted Him dead; John 8:19: 

That Jesus and His disciples had to rely on the donations of women (many of whom did not have their own source of income and so could not have given much), implies that they were far from wealthy. 

The angel answered, ‘The Holy Spirit will come on you, and the power of the Most High will overshadow you. So the holy one to be born will be called the Son of God. 

Great question! I'm sure it was a miracle because John would not have bothered to mention the locked doors otherwise. 

‘You do not know me or my Father,’ Jesus replied. ‘If you knew me, you would know my Father also.’ 

So how did Jesus just appear in a different location? Well, this is not the only time in Scripture this has happened: 

In our place: if Jesus did not say it, or we do not appropriate His sacrifice in our lives, then I presume it would / will be us saying, "God, why have you abandoned me?" - presumably the cry of those in Hell. 

And Joseph knew also before the birth; Matthew 1:20: 

these being people who probably did not believe this story, since they apparently thought Jesus was illegitimate; John 8:41b: 

Jesus did have some money, though He held it in common with the 12 disciples. But the Bible gives a strong hint that it wasn't much: when He sent the 12 out, He told them not to take a collection bag or even any money! 

I don't have a complete answer, but here is a partial one: two reasons I can think of: 

So how did it happen? Jesus clearly had a physical body: 

Doubting Thomas said it well in his comment: "Jesus was just elaborating on God's Commandments from the OT; revealing their true meaning.". In that spirit, here's my elaboration. 

Jesus' childhood Jesus made no effort to keep this a secret; Luke 2:49: 

Before the birth Mary was the first to know that God would be the Father of her Son; Luke 1:34-35: 

To fulfill prophecy: Psalm 22:1 

After Jesus' ministry Those writing after the event left us in no doubt; Matthew 1:23: