On the surface, this is ignoratio elenchi (ignorance of refutation), a.k.a. irrelevant conclusion or missing the point, presenting a possibly valid argument, which is not a proof/refutation in the relevant sense, while intended to be so. As explained in Davies' text: 

∀x[∃y(Txy ∧ Vy) → Txi] is not logically equivalent to ∀x∃y[(Txy ∧ Vy) → Txi]. Its flaws are well-known and serious. To recall, an inference from A to B is valid iff all interpretations of "non-logical constants" that make A true also make B true. What are interpretations, a.k.a. models or possible worlds? These are metaphysically loaded, a nominalist would reject their use, and inherently vague, the leading theories, like Kripke's or Lewis's, disagree on basics of how they function. It is hard to agree on truth of A and B if we do not agree whether "water" refers to anything in a given interpretation. This is of course related to having to understand "meanings" of sentences to ascertain their truth, and brings up a bag of problems with Carnap's analytic/synthetic distinction, Quine's criticisms of meaning and synonymy, etc. 

Your rephrasings of formulas in words are correct, but in this case moving the quantifier makes no logical difference (classically). You can verify this by converting formulas into equivalent form without implications using A → B = ¬A ∨ B, and then using the fact that quantifiers can be freely moved across conjunction and disjunction as long as the variables they bound are kept distinct, see prenex normal form. Therefore, One can make of this what one may, Hegel (and Marx) were often accused of sacrificing the individual to the "universal" (social). But Levi-Stross was of course more interested in cultural anthropology of morality than specifics of Hegel's speculative manipulation of it. 2) Guiding: there is some methodological principle or a speculative model about how the world works that motivate essentialness. Perhaps, not a cut and dry prescription but solid enough to specify broad classes of properties/relations as definitely essential, and others as definitely not. If so, what is this principle, and why is it plausible?