This is not really true because there is no such thing as "proto-Ukrainian people". Both Ukrainians and Russians were invaders who came to their current homelands between 350 AD and 1000 AD. In other words, they were relatively recent immigrants, certainly long after any invasion of India took place. 

Rich people used them. I doubt your average senator would be willing to get out and walk while a vagrant took his place. Some self-indulgent snobs were known to ride all the way to Pompeii in a litter. Glad I am not one of their slaves. Such a long trip would require a LOT of rest stops. There is a difference of opinion about the climate of ancient Greece. For a long time it was the common view that ancient Greece was a temperate, forested paradise with meadows, like modern France or Pennsylvania, a so-called "Arcadia" and that this was ruined by people cutting down trees. This traditional view has even been taken up by modern scholars, notably Thirgood in his 1981 paper, Man and the Mediterranean Forest. This idea is currently not as popular, however, and the most common view is that changes have been limited and due to small natural causes over long periods of time. Pre-historic migrations from Europe into Persia and India which predate these peoples may have occurred, but it is difficult to know what they were because we have little physical evidence of such events. "Alexander" refers to Marcus Aurelius Severus Alexander Augustus, known as Severus Alexander, emperor of Rome 222-235 AD. Rutilius Pudens Crispinus was a Roman senator and general who served under Severus Alexander and administered Syria. Gaius Julius Priscus was the Procurator of Macedonia and was appointed the Praetorian Prefect of the east when his brother, Marcus Iulius Philippus Augustus, became emperor in 244. The year of the monument, 554, is given in terms of the Seleucid Era and equates to our year 244 Anno Domini in the era of Dionysius Exiguus. 

Sometimes horses were used for travel in relays between stations. This was mostly for military messenging and was VERY expensive. Also, there were some special horse-riding cultures like Mongols and Scythians of various types. These races of men used specialized saddles and specially bred horses. Also, these men tended to be light and small of stature. I assume your story does not take place in northern Asia.