As noted by others, he appealed to one of the core Republican demographics (fundamentalists). 

Yes we have at least one account of cannibalism. First source: 

Legitimate government is very important to the Chinese - they have had continuous legitimate government for longer than anyone else. I'd hazard that they've had legitimate government for longer than all of Europe combined. 

The parts you need to understand; in 1853 

Arms control is one of the areas in which Dan Quayle has developed significant expertise. He took a particularly close interest in the negotiations leading to the treaty banning intermediate range missiles. R. Perle in NY Times Perle spent much of his career on arms control, and his opinion should not be taken lightly. 

At the time, Arms Control was a significant national issue; today's problems blind us to how important we perceived the issue at the time. 

Mark Kozak-Holland argues that it was quite avoidable. Although popular history has it that the ship was designed to remain afloat with 4 compartments flooded (hat tip to @GWLlosa), the truth is somewhat more discouraging - cost cutting measures by the company during construction actually transformed those resiliency features into one of the causes for the disaster. Obligatory disclaimer; I'm not trying to promote Mr. Kozak Holland, and I have no financial interest in his book. 

In Milwaukee Wisconsin there is a militia that rejects the authority of the United States. If the Milwaukee police were to show up one day and arrest all the members of the Milwaukee militia and demand that Milwaukee residents receive civic services from the city of Milwaukee and the State of Wisconsin and the United States government, that wouldn't constitute an invasion. It would just be a re-assertion of normal authority. According to the Chinese, this is what is happening in Tibet. 

The next level of hairy details Note: I'm not taking a position - I'm trying to explain the article text. Obviously there are many sides with different viewpoints. 

During the 19th century, Britain dealt with Tibet through the Chinese government. 

Wikipedia doesn't note his specific expertise; Senator Quayle had served on the Arms Control and Disarmament committee and from what I understand was perceived as experienced and educated in that field. 

A previous ship, the Great Eastern, had compartments that were watertight on all six sides - but this was very expensive to build. The Great Eastern also had a full double hull all the way to the waterline - safe, but again very expensive to build. But the Titanic had the extra hull layer only on the bottom, not on the sides as well. The full double hull enabled the Great Eastern to survive an 1862 encounter with a rock that opened up a hole 83 feet long and 9 feet wide on her side. ABC.net.au 

James Moffett according to this letter from FDR. (sorry for my earlier erroneous answer). 

tl;dr Why invade? Because government, in order to be legitimate (I'm using the term "legitimate" in the same sense as Fukyama - that the citizens perceive the government's actions as appropriate and that the citizens support and endorse the government. THe term is different from "strength", but that is a different question), must exercise governmental functions for all citizens. If a government does not exert control over all claimed territory, it implicitly: 

So why did China "invade" Tibet? Because Tibet was always part of China. China merely moved to re-assert control and prevent chaos or foreign incursion into Chinese territory. 

Devsolar asks for more details - I recommend Mr. Kozak-Holland's book as the best place to get those answers. My recollection of the talk (several years ago) is that the original plan for the Titanic involved a double hull all the way up. Cost and schedule constraints reduced the height of the double hull to half the plan. When the exterior hull was pierced, water flooded in between the hulls. What had been planned as a saftey feature to preserve boyancy flooded with water and reduced boyancy. (the actual mechanism was more complicated, but quite frankly I'm not qualified to explain. I'd have to refer to Mr. Kozak Holland's book. 

. . . Quayle involved himself in foreign policy issues through the Armed Services Committee. As a freshman, he took the lead in persuading other freshmen Republicans to reach a compromise on a Reagan administration plan to sell AWACS surveillance planes to Saudi Arabia. Quayle arranged for Reagan to sign a "letter of certification" that satisfied enough otherwise doubtful senators to win approval for the sale. Quayle was also willing to take positions independent of the administration. In 1987, as the Intermediate Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty moved toward completion, Quayle joined a group of conservative Republican senators in opposition. When President Reagan accused them of accepting the inevitability of war, Quayle denounced the president's comments as "totally irresponsible." A question arose over whether the treaty covered such "futuristic" weapons as lasers, particle beams and microwaves. Both the State Department and the Soviets agreed they were covered, but Quayle insisted they were not. (Later it became evident that the economic deterioration of the Soviet Union severely hampered its ability to compete with the United States in developing such sophisticated space weapons.) "Senator Quayle came at me repeatedly with complaints about this issue," Secretary of State George Shultz recalled. At last the secretary begged, "Dan, you have to shut down! We can't have the president's achievement wrecked by Republicans!" The treaty was finally approved by a vote of 93 to 5, with Quayle voting in favor. Senate History which has a very nice summary of his career; highly recommended