Mikoyan said that without the L-L the war would have lasted for an extra 1-1.5 years. This is a very critical admission: the Soviet resources, especially the human ones (the army was huge, but there were no men left at home), were largely exhausted by 1945, so it is quite possible that, without L-L, the SU would have been forced to settle for a stalemate to avoid a national collapse (circumstantial evidence of the danger of the regime collapse is provided by the concessions to the church in 1943). The Soviets could not produce "aviation-grade" (high-octane) gasoline. Savitsky in his memoirs writes that when the US stopped delivering the aviation gasoline in June 1945, the speed of his fighter planes dropped by 10-20%. This seems enormously significant. PS. This is a very touchy subject for the Russians, so be careful what you believe... Moreover, the attempts at the battlefield victory were so costly, that the Western allies did not even consider it an option by the start of WW2. Soft power and colonies are important, but nothing prevented the US & SU (both with strong anti-colonialist sentiment) from breaking up the French colonial empire. Another aspect of the Soviet strategy is that the reserves are given to the most successful of the multiple directions of offensive. IOW, if unit A, B and C are attacking at three different points, and A is making progress, B is stalled, and C walked into an ambush and is being decimated, then B and C are left to deal with their issues themselves and all possible support is given to A (source). However, this makes such an eminent sense, that I doubt that it is specific to the Soviet Army. Broadly speaking, there are two strategies in winning a war: "attrition" (starving the enemy into surrender) and "overwhelming" (defeating the enemy on the battlefield). Yes, a German Type IX submarine with a range of 12knmi can go there and back. Can it actually carry there concrete, fuel drums, workers, heavy equipment &c &c &c? Not really. Lost Victories by Erich von Manstein Inside the Third Reich by Albert Speer Population The Poles did not do the ethnic cleansing of those lands singlehandedly - at first the Germans ran away themselves, spurred by Goebbels's wildly exaggerated reports of the Red Army's atrocities (the atrocities were real, but the reports were exaggerated; in fact, there are some indications that the Red Army behaved differently in the areas which were to be given to Poland and Russia than in the areas which were to remain German). The nature of Nazi and Japanese atrocities is quite different. Oil campaign of World War II The Role of Synthetic Fuel In World War II Germany What goods did Germany trade during World War II, and with whom? See also "Stalin and the Prospects of a Separate Peace in World War II": there are strong indicators that the lull between Kharkov and Kursk in 1943 was the time when Stalin tried to make a deal with Hitler. USSR was an existential ideological enemy for Hitler, somewhat like "Carthago delenda est". It was also supposed to be the source of Lebensraum. It was also a military threat (especially to the Romanian oil fields!) - there was no doubt that it would attack at the first opportunity. It was also perceived as the last hope of Britain - Hitler assumed that when USSR is destroyed, Britain would sue for peace. See No, Anne Frank's story is completely exceptional - both in circumstances and the fact that she hid for so long (and her father survived). Leningrad - to secure the Baltic sea and thus the Swedish iron ore supplies (also, Leningrad housed 14% of the soviet military industry), Moscow - the main political, population, industrial, and transportation hub, and Ukraine - the bread basket (in addition to its industrial production) Soviet Union was expected to collapse soon politically, so economic warfare (depriving it of the oil &c) was not deemed as important as taking the population and transportation centers. The reason they informed Stalin officially about the bomb (despite being aware of his espionage) was to bring its shadow to the negotiating table (i.e., making sure that Stalin knew that they knew that he knew about the bomb). The problem the West was facing was that, as the war was winding down, Stalin paid less and less attention to the promises he made about non-intervention in the Polish politics et al since he needed the Lend-Lease less. The reason they were unable to prevent it is manifold. Thus Churchill exchanged his support for Roosevelt's pet project - making China one of the Great Powers - for Roosevelt's support for keeping France one of them. PS. Hitler's "Grand Strategy" of 1942 included List (North Caucasus) meeting Rommel (North Africa) in Palestine and sending mobile troops to India to finally knock out Britain. I think that this difference (unusually "systematic" & "counterproductive" vs commonly "random" & "rational") explains the extra attention that the Nazi crimes receive over the Japanese ones. When Hitler declared war on the US, he mentioned that "they are already fighting us anyway". Another reason for Churchill's opposition to disbanding the French empire was that it would have destabilized the British one. (I don't think Churchill says so explicitly, but, given his unwillingness to "preside over the dissolution of the British Empire", I think this is a reasonable assumption). Moreover, one look at the map is enough to realize that a Krigsmarine base there would serve no purpose. It is too far to be used against the Arctic convoys. There are no targets in the area. Pacific is also too far. Add to this the harsh climate (to put it mildly - ocean actually freezes and the base is unreachable 9 months of the year) and the question becomes moot. The Soviets stopped locomotive production too - and the factories producing them switched to medium and heavy tank production (in fact, given the nature of the Soviet industry, tanks were the main output of the "locomotive plants" from the get go, locomotives were just a side show).