"3 musketeers" - 17th century Western Europe 2nd-5th centuries common era Middle East (Judea & Babylonia) PS. The above assumes "established feudalism". All royalty and nobility stems from warlords and their warriors and originally the boundary between high-born and low-born was relatively fluid. Ignoring seigniorage and debasement, they should exchange 8 Zorkmids for each 5 Zennys (plus the moneychanger fee, smaller in a large town during market, larger otherwise - how large, BTW?). How was the exchange rate determined between different commodity currencies? Africa Slavery is an ancient universal institution, which appeared independently in all cultures and societies which reached a certain level of productivity per capita. My question is: how was the aforementioned exchange rate (8:5) affected by the non-physical circumstances I neglected? Career When younger sons are instead (of granting them appanage) encouraged to pursue a career (either military or religious), no cadet branch is usually established, as they either have no descendants due to celibacy or death on the battlefield or marry into another royal (or just noble) house. PPS. Another aspect is the level of stratification. No duke has ever married a commoner, but many squires did. Obviously, melting one type of coins and minting the new one (don't you need the kings permission to do that?) is an arbitrage opportunity which would limit the fluctuations of the exchange rate. How much? There is no alliance to seal (there is nothing the low-born's family can offer to the high-born family). If a nobleman lusts for a low-born woman, she would, of course, need the protection of marriage, but there is no reason for the nobleman to provide it: he has enough power to take her by force or blackmail. If a noblewoman lusts for a low-born man, she needs no protection; it is also an exceedingly rare situation for her to have a say in her life - nubile women were treated as assets to be traded to neighbors in marriage for an alliance. Two other possible reasons are: PPS. Of course, ancient Greece and Rome were major slave-driven powers. However, that was about 1,000 years before the period in question. By the time Atlantic slave trade came about, Slavery was replaced with Serfdom in Europe. During the Age of Exploration and American conquest, slavery became economical again, and that's when it made its way back into the European economy: cash crops can be more efficiently produced by large plantations employing slave labor (or, today, using machinery) than by small family farms like in feudal Europe. (Western) Europe Medieval European economy was based on a feudal rather than slave system: peasants were (usually, more or less, especially during and after the Black plague) personally free, but most land was owned by the nobility. There was no place for major slave labor use. Europeans found it more economical to buy black slaves from the Muslim traders in Africa than to enslave the locals. What if the king of X imposes a ban on exporting gold coins? E.g., relationships between X & Y - war vs. peace, amount of trade/travel between them. PS. I am fully aware of the cruelties of serfdom, but I am also aware that it was significantly different from slavery (specifically, serfs owned property and worked at least some time - in fact, most of the time in the most advanced societies - for themselves, while slaves never had any economic standing). You also need to take the answer in the context of the question, which specifically inquires about trade in Black African slaves. Early hunter-gatherers did not have it because each tribe member could barely sustain himself, so there was no incentive for slavery, but agriculture provided ample opportunities to exploit forced labor. The institution of marriage exists to protect the woman and to seal a family alliance. Neither reason would apply to a marriage of a high-born and a low-born: Appanage Cadet branches arise under the system of Primogeniture when a younger son receives appanage and manages to establish it as a power base to his own line. Note that the "line" here is not an independent royal line, it is a line of (senior) vassals to the main royal line. If the main line dies out, the cadet line will claim the throne, but otherwise it will merely supply spouses and (usually senior) royal officials. The statement that "there has never been slavery in an agricultural society X" is akin to statement "there exists a flat (as opposed to spherical) planet Y" - the burden of proof is on the author of such an implausible statement, not on someone who rejects it. E.g., country X mints gold Zorkmids, each weighing 5g, and country Y mints gold Zennys, each weighting 8 grams. When Ms.XX travels from X to Y, she exchanges her Zorkmids for Zennys, and when Mr.YY travels from Y to X, he exchanges his Zennys for Zorkmids. How would that affect the exchange rate? What could the fluctuation be? E.g., can one lose 20% of value because of the exchange rate? It is possible that a cadet branch will eventually split its fief from the main kingdom (if the central government grows weak), in which case it will no longer be referred to as a cadet line, but an independent "house of so-and-so". However, it is more likely that in such a case it will exploit the main line's weakness and its own lineage to seize the throne.