This question is quite vague (esoteric?), so the answer will not be very precise, too. First, I agree that "oneness" and "twoness" are fundamental because the former gives us the basic unit, the latter binary opposition and connection. we must remember that there are much simpler "toy" subsets of the usual axioms. They basically just define counting and calculating but can’t express general facts about numbers at all. There have been very good answers, but I want to add a few thoughts. then P is true for every natural number. So intuitively and as this simple example shows, there really is more to math, something we fundamentally cannot get from the concepts of 1 and 2. At no point we need to bother with relating more than two sets or two elements with each other. And materialism does this. It answer this question very elegantly and convincingly (which does not mean correctly). The ultimate principle is objectively observable, purposeless ‘physical stuff’. The universe is inherently meaningless, there is no goal or point to it. It just exists. And by operations of chance and necessity everything else has come to be. So atheistic dualism (if we don't incorporate more extreme ideas from Eastern religions) is, at least in my view, a very unsatisfying, weird and lopsided world view. That doesn't mean it is incorrect, of course. So how would we get to an idea like mathematical induction? Do we really grasp the infinite structure of the natural numbers itself from the concepts of 1 and 2? While we may dislike this answer, it allays our thirst for further probing deep metaphysical questions. For example, “Why exists something rather than nothing?” – what's the point of asking that if what exists is just inherently meaningless? Or, “What is the meaning of life?” - either there is none or the meaning we personally give it, it is not tied to the cosmos. This is also a result of not being content enough to just use the classical argumentation against theism, but to present a complete alternative world view, in which there is not even a foothold for religion, and to use the prestige of science to advance it by framing the dispute as a fight between scientific rationality and archaic superstition. Outside of a theistic context it really sounds like the universe from *cough* not that intellectually challenging science fiction. Like Star Wars... or Warhammer 40.000. As a final note, the truth of materialism is unsurprisingly part of the secular elite's orthodoxy. Probably most of them want to live in a climate in which religion/theism is regarded as intellectually not respectable. If dualism (or some other non-materialism) would become plausible again, their whole narrative would begin to unravel. If someone felt so much to be on the right side of history and arrogantly presented himself as the voice of reason, to turn out being wrong is a death blow. In light of this, the strong hostility of the secular elite to criticism of materialism is not surprising at all. Atheistic dualism is even a common view in the world, because of Buddhists and Taoists. And why do discussions about consciousness get so heated? Just look at the hundreds of angry comments to an article from atheist philosopher Thomas Nagel, a summary of his book which attacks materialism (he doesn't commit to substance dualism, though). Now, seriously, we may have to sober up a bit... Perhaps this flight of thoughts got to our heads far too much? “Why is there something rather than nothing?” definitely becomes a pressing answer again. Also “What is the meaning of life?”: there is no transcendent God – but there seems to be a profound connection between human life and the natural order, since consciousness is a fundamental part of the fabric of the universe. Maybe there is a cosmic meaning? But on the other hand, we are not living in a universe that is very nice to its creatures. Even if we live in the best circumstances, there still is death and suffering all around us, psychologically healthy humans are just able to ignore it. As Goethe's Werther puts it: