Right-angle USB cables can help organise things too. 

1) Pulling on the shifter has bent the derailleur - very unlikely unless you're a gorilla or the derailleur was already bent/weak Rear suspension also sucks your power. If you're average weight the bike will probably be about right for setup, but light and heavy people need the rebound and sag set properly. Many rear suspensions suck your power while pedalling too - so rear suspension lockout is handy on the road. Or don't get suspension at all. If you want to see your phone while riding that gets messier. Personally I keep my phone in my pocket with the screen off. 

Both of those screenshots show heartrate. A phone can't do that alone - you need a heartrate sensor. Phones with ANT+ radios are better than bluetooth sensors because the batteries last for 4-6 months, whereas bluetooth sensors are a much shorter runtime. Also note, that phones with a "pulse meter" are useless for this purpose. Locally, milk tanker drivers are awesome at passing with extreme room. They don't slow down from their permitted maximum of 90 km/h but they will give me a full lane of passing space where possible, which is 5-6 metres. Here's the big one.... You spend under a minute riding this MTB. It could take anything up to 30 minutes to get "dialed in" to the various inputs required. 

Firstly, it depends on your idea of "old" For some users thats any phone over five minutes is old, and for others old means a flip phone from the 90s. 

There are ant+ cadence sensors too - often a little box that straps onto a chainstay, and a small magnet on the end of a crankarm that passes near the sensor. 

Sounds like one of four possibilities. 

Hang the bike up on a repair stand, or use rope/cable/something to lift the back wheel clear of the ground. Use your hand to slowly pedal and pull the exposed gear inner wire with your other hand while pedalling. The gears should change like normal, through the full range. If this works, then the inner wire is too long and needs some slack pulled through the adjustment bolt on the derailleur. 

Your budget is fairly low, so if you have the option, save a bit more before you buy. A budget of $800-1000 is more appropriate if you can afford to make it work. It allows the wheels and fork to be quality enough that upgrading the other components becomes worthwhile. They all use the same frame, and the only difference is components. 

These are cable guide parts. From the looks of it, you have: I would make sure you buy a bike with good wheels, a good frame, and a good fork. Those parts are astronomically more expensive to upgrade to than to buy on the bike. 

There should be no problem mounting that seat on any post that fits your frame. 

It does sound like you've disassembled the guts of your suspension seat post, so if you can't get it back together, you're probably looking at a new seat post. 

If you can make that budget work, then look at the Scott Scale line. See the Schwalbe Rocket Ron. 29x2.25, good, fast rolling knobby with enough width to be stable in the rock garden, and comfy, good cornering feel, and good hook up. It even sheds mud well. i ride it in Pacific Northwest singletrack, including Whistler and Banff, which is fairly similar to Colorado, if not quite as dry. 

When you buy a bike with the intent to upgrade, realize you will spend far more long term, than if you bought your bike ready built with the same components you upgraded to. I understand why it can be better to do it that way to break up the cost, but it does cost a lot more money overall. 

Yes, your bike can be fitted with pretty much any saddle. 

The (metric) allen key on your new saddle is a 6mm. If you're using Standard Allen wrenches its probably a little larger than 7/32". 

I like and recommend Scott bikes for you because they are readily available in Europe, and they make high quality bikes at a reasonable price. 

2 Housing shims, used to secure hydraulic lines or brake housing in the braze-ons of the frame, or for securing the housing at the point it enters the frame in the case of internal housing. 1 Headset adjustment bolt button, used to keep water out of the bolt in the center of your headset cap, or to hide the bolt. 2 Hydraulic line clips, used to secure hydraulic lines or cable housing on a particular type of housing guide on the outside of a frame or the back of a suspension fork. Many frames come with extras of these parts, so it may be that you have no need for them at this time. Or you might, if the LBS did a poor job of assembly. No way for us to know without seeing your bike.