Yesterday I started noticing some odd spacing on some but not all SE sites in the mobile web site on Chrome (54.0.2840.85) on Android (4.4.4). Take a look at this screen shot from Workplace meta: Note: Stack Exchange has three different chat sites -- one for Stack Overflow, one for SE Meta, and one for everybody else. In the following explanation my links are for the last (chat.SE); if you're using one of the others you'll need to adjust that. First, go into chat and enter the room you created. (This is important; you can't invite someone to a room you're not in.) Keeps the information visible to anybody on the site who might need to look at it. That's probably just moderators (for certain kinds of fraud investigations) and yes you could make an exception for moderators, but maybe having fewer exceptions is better. At the same time, the paging buttons in chat started being affected: What edits are eligible for this hat? There's plenty of room for "All Questions" plus the search icon to fit there, but instead we get line-wrap. No, the answer acceptance stays. Here's an example of a question from a deleted user with an accepted answer. Update: The above posts were all old (pre-Winterbash). I then edited the tags to one new question and got the hat. The mobile web site doesn't account for custom site designs, so I don't think this is coming from some quirk of Workplace (and some other sites). Every site I've visited behaves consistently across visits; while I can't discern a pattern to which sites are affected, it appears that a site's behavior in this regard doesn't vary. No, I can't point to a page in the help center or a FAQ on MSE to back me up. I write this from experience as a moderator on several sites for several years, and from seeing mod-private discussions of the kinds of shenanigans that people try to pull and what happens to them. And animuson♦ , who is an SE employee and someone who might handle your appeal were you to file one, told you no. That's clear enough for me, and it ought to be for you. If you're creating an account, creating enough bad questions or answers to get into trouble, and deleting it to start over, that's definitely on the wrong side of the line. Similarly, if you're accumulating flags or mod messages, or get suspended, deleting and recreating to get a clean record would not be ok.