Are there circumstances in United States where a presidential election and subsequent inauguration can be held before the end of the president's term? 

Many of North Korea's top officials visit other countries and likely have different ideas about how the country should be run. Are there obligations that come with accepting the nomination? 

Nuclear talks might become possible with North Korea in the event Kim Jung-un died or was somehow succeeded by a Gorbachev-like successor who wants to come in from the cold, as it were, and does not have the current family legacy to live up to. Is the party nomination something a candidate even can accept or refuse? Or is the nomination more like a glorified endorsement? Also, what is the mechanism in place to enforce current POTUS recent withdrawn invitation of NBA team communicated via a free microblogging service? 

(I'm assuming the president does not personally vet the guest list, and those who approve the list do not have "Recent twitter war?" on their checklist). The time-stamps are official which serves to demonstrate they were not all conceived and written together after-the-fact. 

By tweeting out the emails ahead of the story, Trump Jr. literally gave to every other news outlet what the NYT had worked for over a year to compile and corroborate. It's what you would call a pyrrhic victory. It was coming out anyways, so Trump Jr got some measure of revenge. This summary of another journalist's tweets (who was also working on this story) pretty much says it all (read from the bottom up) 

Medicaid — and Medicaid expansion — are specifically set up for the poor, and Nevada has about 600,000 people utilizing it. Of the state’s 2.9 million residents, about 11% remain without any healthcare coverage. 

Comey damaged the FBI's reputation and credibility Comey usurped the DOJ's prosecutorial discretion in stating that Hillary Clinton should not be prosecuted Comey held a press conference to announce the findings of the investigation, something the FBI generally does not do It's important to note that, prior to yesterday's announcement, Comey was almost universally reviled by Democrats because the political wisdom was that Comey cost Clinton the election (see also Rosenstein's point #2) (I'm assuming the president does not personally vet the guest list, and those who approve the list do not have "Recent twitter war?" on their checklist). Nuclear talks might become possible with North Korea in the event Kim Jung-un died or was somehow succeeded by a Gorbachev-like successor who wants to come in from the cold, as it were, and does not have the current family legacy to live up to. 

The time-stamps are official which serves to demonstrate they were not all conceived and written together after-the-fact. Are there circumstances in United States where a presidential election and subsequent inauguration can be held before the end of the president's term? Also, what is the mechanism in place to enforce current POTUS recent withdrawn invitation of NBA team communicated via a free microblogging service? Is the party nomination something a candidate even can accept or refuse? Or is the nomination more like a glorified endorsement? Many of North Korea's top officials visit other countries and likely have different ideas about how the country should be run.