Here is a simple counter-example: have you ever eaten until you were sick? Even knowing that having that extra piece of cake will make you feel miserable, you can't stop yourself. Skinner, of course, believed that free will is an illusion, so there's nothing to take away. (Hence this conditioning is not immoral.) His book Walden 2 describes a society in which social engineering techniques (like you describe) are used to create a utopia. If you are interested in reasons why losing autonomy might be a morally relevant action, you might consider whether rational (autonomous) thought is important for ethical reasoning, whether losing autonomy will make it harder for you or those around you to satisfy your preferences, or whether making autonomous decisions is important for being a "good person". At a more physical level, this can be seen as a result of the fact that multiple neurotransmitters are responsible for "motivation" and "happiness." The reason you want to have sex is probably due to your dopamine levels; the reason you feel happy after having sex is probably more related to oxytocin. As Wikipedia says: This wouldn't be just a mere exercise in linguistics: It would mean that any consistent set of ethics would have to rely on an outside source (Religious scripture, Social convention, evolutionary and game theoretical considerations,....) for at least some of it's rules? In a deontological ethics, actions are themselves good or bad, regardless of their consequences: Torturing is bad, and it doesn't matter what reason the torturing is being performed for. Kant, with his categorical imperative says that for an action to be acceptable in one situation, it has to be acceptable in any situation. Since torture is not acceptable in some situations, it can never be acceptable no matter what the objective one hopes to achieve. There are more prosaic ways of looking at the question though: Ask anyone living in an oppressive theocracy whether the question of God's existence effects their personal lives or not? Ask anyone living in a communist country whether Marx's ideas effect their personal lives or not? There answer will be a definite "yes, philosophy sure does effect our personal lives!", presumably this includes students living in these situations. The challenge for finding an objective morality (independent of God) is to somehow demonstrate that a moral statement like "Helping others is good" or "Raping is bad" is true independently of the observer or subject of the statement. In response to the comment on utilitarianism However most people who consider themselves religious still consider murder to be a bad thing. Utilitarian ethics, even when applied to human situations, run into the difficulty of how to practically measure the utility of each situation. The problem of calculating such utilities would be impossible to implement in an AI system: It would be difficult to for an AI to have knowledge beforehand of all the variables that should go into such a calculation, and even if it did, such utility maximization/optimization problems are computationally very costly. This would make them impractical in real world situations. Using approximations or meta-heuristics to calculate probable values would be dangerous. Per this principle, sexual pleasure/connection, although desirable, is not as valuable as friendship at the level of ideas and emotional connection. Then, based on utility, one could argue that sexual relations might interfere with real friendships, and so friendship should be prioritized over sex whenever the two compete. From an important point of view, ethics is a modal logic. One reason we feel we can share moral perspectives at all is that they appear to combine according to logical rules somewhat similar to the rules in more abstract logical situation. There are rules like 'should implies can' -- that we cannot ethically demand someone to do the impossible. There is an expectation of limited transitivity -- that what is morally worse than something already immoral should not be moral. Etc., etc., etc. What schools of philosophy have criticised 'rights' as an inadequate moral or political framing, and what are the best approaches those alternatives suggest for framing moral interaction? This fear works in a way that is not amenable to solution by creating additional fear. Since most violence short of murder does raise the level of fear, you are caught in a place where violence cannot help you. (And, obviously, killing someone permanently prevents getting any further information out of them.) But we are going to do all of that re-arranging, eventually, just because you might have been me. We do not need to do the math, because the math does not obviate that possibility. Utility would have to really mount up to matter, and the differences are not great enough. The difficulty with defining "happiness" in a reasonable way is one of the reasons why contemporary philosophers frequently focus on preference satisfaction instead. This is a place where we might need to look closely at Aristotle's definition of "eudaimonia." Eating until you're sick might increase short-term pleasure, but decrease long-run pleasure. Is that eudaimonic? I think the usual definition would say no, but Pascal might say yes - I'm not familiar with his philosophy. If you are interested in reasons why losing autonomy might be a morally relevant action, you might consider whether rational (autonomous) thought is important for ethical reasoning, whether losing autonomy will make it harder for you or those around you to satisfy your preferences, or whether making autonomous decisions is important for being a "good person". Drug users have more counter-examples. Caffeine makes many people more motivated, but doesn't appear to increase satisfaction once the task you were motivated to do is complete. To declare my conflict of interest: I tend to be on the Skinner side of things. If you want to be free come what may, more power to you. But if you'd like to be coddled and nannied, then I see no reason why we should worry about trivial things like "autonomy." So I probably am not doing Kant et al. justice. The SEP's entry on autonomy might be a good place to start. It sounds like you may be new to the wonderful world of differing ethical opinions, but suffice it to say there are several competing schools of thought with diametrically opposed views on the matter. Your question is timely because a popular ethics book called Nudge has recently promoted some of these ideas. Nudge argues that there are some (relatively benign) ways we can change our environments to "nudge" people towards making the right decision.