You'll need a cone spanner and a conventional spanner, some grease, and cleaning gear (rags/ solvent like petrol or whatever) 

I'd lay the wheel on its side, support the nut side with some kind of tube that will press on the hub but not the cartridge, and tap the axle downwards into your support tube. 

If you don't feel that you can do this, a bike shop can change your bearings for half the cost of a new wheel. 

others? Feel free to edit them in here. 

A wheel can have both, or ideally neither, or either. 

At best, you will be able to reuse the hub and rotor, and relate them onto a replacement rim and spokes. Examine them very closely for damage before reuse. Reusing spokes/nipples is a bad idea because the ones on the outside of the taco have been stressed and could be elongated. So the minimum damage is a new rim and spokes. 

Others have answered the second part "what are the differences..." 

Tacoing normally happens on the front wheel, and the usual cause is side-loads caused by having the wheel not facing the direction of your travel. That is, an aggressive turn, or a poorly landed jump can all push the rim over, exceeding the wheel's lateral strength maximum limits. 

Also check the forks closely. Look for damage to the legs, and misalignment. If you have problems getting the wheel out/in because the dropouts are too close OR too far apart then the fork needs servicing, or full replacement. 

It may help to apply some easing oil around the cartridge the night before and let it soak. 

Recycling metal pays money, but I'm not going to drag a whole ton of steel there for $2 profit. So plain steel goes in the city recycling bin, and the rest goes in sorted barrels for a yearly trip to the metal man's yard. 

This is significantly worse than going out of true, because the rim will be creased or torn, spoke holes will be pulled through on the outside of the taco curve. A damaged rim alone is not a taco, there has to be a folded wheel to earn the title. 

You should be able to salvage the tyre/tube, but examine closely the bead near the fold. Stretching may stop it from seating safely on the new rim. 

Why is it called a Taco? because the wheel looks vaguely like the Mexican/American taco 

To taco a wheel means you've bent it so badly its a write-off and cannot be salvaged through truing. 

Frames - a classic pattern of damage on older steel bikes was a ring of rust around the top tube and the down tube, approximately 50mm/2 inches aft of the headset weld or 25mm/1 inch after the end of a lug. However modern alloy bikes tend to be much better at resisting damage here. Do inspect for cracks, and include a periodic crack check in your usual maintenance procedure. 

If you spin the wheel by hand with the bike off the ground, then side-to-side wobble is also called "out of true" and is caused by spoke tension, or an impact while riding. Wheel going badly out of true on final tightening 

Most wheels have cup and cones to hold ball bearings. Yours has sealed cartridge bearings instead, so its like roller blades or skateboards. 

In in my city 2015 light grade clean steel is worth $0.02/kg. Aluminium extrusion is worth $1.83/kg. Brass like nipples is $3-$4/kg and stainless steel is about $0.90/kg. 

That's an interesting wheel - I'm guessing its an 80s racing front wheel, - or its designed to look like one - because of the low spoke count and the large flange hub. 

On the other hand, if you hold the non-spinning rim in your hand and move it left/right while mounted in the bike, there should be no play discernible or visible at the axle. If you feel motion sideways, then its bearings malajusted. How do I know if my cone/cap/bearings need to be adjusted? 

New ball bearings will cost less than a new wheel - the order of $5 for a bag. It may be that your bearings are okay just mal-adjusted so there may be no cost for parts. 

Headsets can suffer as well due to the leverage applied, putting steering bearings under additional load. Any doubts and you should disassemble the headset, and examine the steerer for bending, bearings for damage, and cups for dents.