The interesting test will come if/when the future spouse to the heir is a same-sex marriage, if the heir has progency as a result of sperm donation or if the heir adopts a child. None of those would result in an eligible heir (since they aren't progency of Princess Sophia) but there would be overwhelming pressure to amend the law (again) to make them eligible. 

This is also considered a part of UK law, in relation to the Diplomatic Privileges Act 1964, specifically article 2.5; The very short answer is no. The sole requirement for an heir to the throne (per the Act of Settlement 1701) is that they have to be "Heirs of [the monarch's] Body" and "such Issue to the Heirs of the Body", so basically the King/Queen's children and their subsequent offspring. There's no mention of a legal requirement for the heir or the monarch to create an heir, nor any obligation constitutionally for them to do so. 

(3) The effect of a person’s failure to comply with subsection (1) is that the person and the person’s descendants from the marriage are disqualified from succeeding to the Crown. As to whether the pre-planned arrest of an accredited diplomat has occurred on British soil, the answer is that such a thing hasn't occurred for several hundred years. The last case appears to have been in 1717 with the arrest of Karl (or Carl) Gyllenborg, the Swedish Ambassador. His papers and person were seized when it became clear that he was part of a conspiracy against the Crown and he was imprisoned for five months before he was permitted to leave the country. 

As to the spouse of the legal heir to the throne (and anyone in the top six in line to the throne), that's dealt with in the original act and clarified in the Succession to the Crown Act 2013 which indicates that the spouse needs merely to have Her Majesty's consent to marry (or otherwise their offspring aren't eligible to the throne). 

If the UK had accepted Ecuador's request to make Mr Assange an officially accredited diplomat, he would been immediately entitled to protection under the Vienna Convention, to which the UK is a ratified signatory. Specifically he would have enjoyed Article 29 which explicitly forbids the arrest of a diplomat. 

Three line whips aren't particularly common, since not all debates end with a division (votes), and the party will not have a policy on all matters. Moreover a three-line whip instructs the MP that they absolutely have to attend, excluding the possibility of dealing with other political affairs, whereas for lesser whipped options an MP might be able to "pair" with a member of an opposing party (i.e. both agree not to vote, thus freeing the MPs to conduct other business without changing the result). Under the current rules a new candidate for the Labour leadership requires the support of 20% of Labour MPs and MEPs (members of the European parliament). This would equate to 50 signatures from 230 MPs and 20 MEPs. There appears to be some uncertainty as to whether this is also true for an incumbent. The difficulty apparently comes down to rule Rule 4.2.ii of the Labour party rule book which states that when a party leader faces a challenge “any nomination must be supported by 20 per cent of the Commons members of the PLP. Nominations not attaining this threshold shall be null and void” but doesn't make clear whether this applies only to the challenger(s) or not. 

The popular expectation in the media therefore had been that Labour would either offer a free vote (allowing their MPs to vote their consciences) or to whip weakly, thus avoiding the awkward disciplinary questions of what to do when individual MPs rebelled. the second factor was that UKIP was (and may still be) seen as a single-issue party rather than a plausible government in waiting. Many voters in the GE might well have agreed with UKIP's desire to leave the EU, but they ranked that issue low on their list of priorities. In a general election most voters would decide who to vote for on political, economic or personal criteria unrelated to the question of EU membership. 

Please note that I am NOT a lawyer. What follows is merely info I picked up from a long term interest in freedom of speech issues, sharpened by once thinking I was going to be involved in a legal case. 

To sum up, in addition to practically all UKIP voters, a majority of Conservative voters disagreed with their party's Remain stance, as did large minorities of Labour and, surprisingly, Liberal Democrats. Lord Ashcroft's polling company gives similar results and adds that 36% of SNP voters disagreed with the stance of their party and of Scotland as a whole in favour of Remain.