Regardless of where one stands on the conflict between Trump and the Senators, Graham's point appears sound. It would likely be easier for Trump to impose his will on the Senators if he can use "divide and rule" tactics, instead of facing a group united in opposition to his demands. Although the US Constitution did not originally set term limits on the Presidency, this was a controversial point among its framers: The party is always working with incomplete information, based on press reports and the actions of the candidates themselves. Former high-ranking administration officials: Dick Cheney, Condoleeza Rice, James Baker, Henry Kissinger. And of course, Donald Trump won the Republican nomination in 2016, despite history and behaviour which might politely be described as "colorful". Prospective candidates must face several challenges, before winning their party's nomination: Ambitious members of the governing party will want the opportunity to run for President themselves; However, Trump is now POTUS whether the GOPE likes it or not. Precedents for conflict Under Constitutional separation of powers, Congress is a branch of government of equal status to the presidency. The Senate was designed to resist short-term changes in public opinion, and act as a check on the intentions of the President and House. James Madison wrote in 1787: The framers of the US Constitution were strongly opposed to monarchy, in which a single individual embodies the authority of the government and may remain on the throne for decades. It was felt that if a President served for too long, it would blur the distinction between a monarch and the chief executive of a republic. They desired for civic loyalty to be to the Constitution and laws, not to any one person. Bill Clinton won the Democratic nomination in 1992, despite allegations of extramarital affairs and the likely prospect of a scandal. Explanation of the quote As the linked article notes, the background to Graham's remark is an exceptional level of conflict between President Trump and the Republican Senate caucus: What is their attitude towards Trump? Many individuals in the above list have expressed significant hostility to Trump, for reasons of: There is no precedent for the second point, and the Senators regard Trump's tactics as deeply improper. This accounts for some of the hostility between Trump and the Senate. Investors also take into account the borrowing country's political stability, tax collection, spending commitments, and so on. (This is analagous to a mortgage lender considering employment history, outgoing expenses, and the like.) On all these counts, Greece is in a worse position than the USA, so it is even worse off than the headline figure would indicate. Before development of the modern primary system in the late 1960s, it was common for nominees to be chosen by bargaining among delegates at the convention. In the modern era, the convention vote has usually been little more than a formality. Some Republicans discussed using convention procedures to withhold the nomination from Trump in 2016, but in the end this did not happen. Finally, the USSR collapsed in part because it was vigorously opposed by the USA. In particular, the Soviet government was unable to afford the costs of the arms race between the two nations. Of course there were other reasons for the USSR's collapse, but at the very least the arms race was an important contributing factor. If the UK Prime Minister tells (say) an employee of MI6 or the Foreign Office to do something, that person is required to either do it or resign. The base that votes for him, in large part, is voting not for specific policies, but for "can do", "win at all costs", attitude, after being saddled for 2 decades with - using Trump's terminology - "losers" (specific ways of losing vary - either letting the opposition dictate the terms of discourse and the struggle, by refusing to use all available tactics; or always folding in negotiations like GOP in the House kept doing with Obama; or simply not getting desired outcomes - and specifics are largely irrelevant to the overall sentiment). If different Amish communities abide by different rules, I would prefer an answer that either (a) applies to a majority of communities/members or (b) if too much variation to have a majority, the variation that is most communal/least private but still has a meaningful amount of communities. However, Islamists share a problem with real fascists in that their support for #4 (isolationism) is mostly due to whom USA would be opposed militarily, NOT deep seated philosophical objection. They are against wars in Islamic countries, but would be happy if US decides to fight Israel. As I read this list, Gen. Powell might qualify under 1.17, but if he did not, rule 1(b) prohibits any means under which the definition could be expanded to allow someone who is not already a member or officer to enter. As the first duty of the Speaker is (Rule 1 Section 1) Put another way, when Lindbergh first crossed the Atlantic, his charts were American. When flights began to regularly cross the Atlantic, some standardization needed to occur. Being the originator of the device, Americans were at an advantage in negotiations when declaring what the standard would be. Having declared a standard, however, there was no compelling reason to change it. The 12th Amendment is saying that the President and Vice President need to come from different states - not that the electors cannot vote for the "home state" candidate. Indeed, on average, most candidates receive their home state votes, and for much of the 19th century, this regional advantage was often considered when choosing candidates. From 1801 (under Thomas Jefferson) until 1974 (under Richard Nixon), Presidents had the power to impound otherwise appropriated funds. This meant that Congress could authorize an agency or a law or some program, and appropriate funds to it, but then the President could refuse to actually spend the money. Forty-three states and the Mayor of the District of Columbia still hold this "fiduciary veto" over their respective constituent assemblies.