2)That venting a minor complaint is sufficient proof that the major problem is considered unimportant. There is also another problem with the A's reasoning. "There is nothing wrong with killing people at random" is a value judgement, not a description of fact. Even in the world where "everybody" is killing people at random that alone does not make it right, does not mean that they ought to be doing it. After Hume many philosophers consider inferences from is to ought statements to be generally invalid, it is known as the is-ought guillotine or the naturalistic fallacy. Let's replace weight with cross-section. If objects with smaller cross section do fall faster let's strap two together (next to each other, so that the cross-sections add up) and argue as above. Ergo, cross section can not affect the falling rate either. But objects with smaller cross section do fall faster, because of air resistance, and two objects strapped together with added cross sections will fall slower than each one separately, for the same reason. Something is wrong here, but the reasoning leading to a contradiction is essentially identical to the one above. The question is vague, so it can be several different things. Generally, dismissing an argument based on who is supporting it is called ad hominem, "attack on an argument made by attacking the character, motive, or other attribute of the person making the argument, rather than attacking the argument directly". It might also be what is more specifically called converse appeal to authority "that must be false, because that's what [infamous expert] says". Chomsky argued, controversially, that adherence to "established" premises in public debates is aided by "concision" (saving time) in the media, which leads to conformism and "thought control", see Dimock's Critiquing Debate: Not on classical logic obviously since it validates excluded middle, but less obviously not on intuitionistic logic either. Intuitionists identify truth and provability and discard excluded middle, which sounds promising, but the unfortunate side effect of the latter is that many classically provable statements (like the intermediate value theorem) are no longer provable. For definiteness, consider classical mathematics and undecidable statements in the standard set theory (ZFC). This last point touches on a connection between logic and ethics. "If everybody did it" hypotheticals are important in what is called meta-ethics, the study of ethical systems. They express what is called universalizability of ethical norms, and many ethicists consider it an important requirement that a reasonable system of norms must meet. Perhaps, its most famous expression is Kant's categorical imperative: This being said, the law of non-contradiction only applies to situations where one can ignore effects of change, such as mathematics, formal theories, and perhaps some very stable aspects of reality. It is obviously violated by objects that change over time, bullet is at rest now, and flies later, rabbit is alive today, and dead tomorrow, etc. One can try to "save" it by slapping temporal labels on sentences and adding something like "at the same time", this is similar to the idea of quantum logic, it is called temporal logic, there is a great variety of them, and they are also non-classical. For example, they typically do not assign truth values to the happening of uncertain future events. In other words, any norm of ethical behavior must be such that it would be rationally acceptable if everybody acted according to it. A's "norm" of killing people at random apparently fails to meet this requirement.