Voting drives the economy of Stack Overflow, this trend of decreased voting can not be helping. When we stop people from asking questions, we stop them from asking questions; we do not put them in a virtual reality sandbox. What I seemed to understand is this: It is ... complicated but this is what it looks at: We can also use this to give people "badges" for finding lots of great canonical answers and so on. Once this "shadow community wiki answer" shows up it can be subject to voting and being accepted. I'm adding this for everyone's amusement. If it is accepted by the OP clearly the question is a duplicate, so the system can close it. For these shadow answers, editing should be locked (and only accessible on the original question, so we do not create fragments) Upvotes Downvotes Delete Votes Undelete Votes Closure Votes Reopen Votes Take Hans for example, where the complaints are directed at: Getting into comment wars, which is easy to slip into, is a horrible mistake to make that only leads to pain, suffering and general sadness. Our engine was not designed for extended off topic chats, for that with have chat. Votes Tab is Back from vacation. It took a long term vacation so it could come back, bigger, stronger and betterer. And it is now full fledged. We can see different vote casts. Nothing is set in stone, everything depends on the quality and type of edits that are submitted in our real world trial runs. One slight open question is how to add a filter that allows you to see stuff that you downvoted in the past and now is no longer vote locked. For the time being you can trawl through your downvoted list. It's a bit of a trick, we don't want to prevent anyone from reading our sites, and even poorly written perl bots deserve a fighting chance in life. Still, we can be a little more picky about content we accept, especially when we have a much clearer picture about the recent behavior of the remote host. I'm not going to go into specifics that I don't yet have to offer, but it is a problem we're taking seriously. Do not hesitate to flag a post where the comments have degenerated into far more noise than signal. Just flag for moderator attention and indicate that you are drawing attention to the comments attached to the post. I'll answer this by explaining how I handle these when they reach the moderator queue. We see a few distinct types. Thank you to all that participated, we hope you enjoyed making these as much as our team has enjoyed laughing while viewing them. I fear that this gives the impression of "We expect low quality from you until you manage to prove otherwise" and while that might be statistically justified, it isn't very nice and might intimidate people who do bother to read the FAQ (it does happen, believe it or not!)