If he is speaking calmly, listen calmly. If he speaks in anger, take a deep breath and listen calmly. Show him that no matter what, you love and accept him - I know you just also need to teach him a few things along the way, but show him love and acceptance first. 

It might be that he is intimidated by the idea of having to color inside lines. In which case, offering him blank paper will make all the difference. 

Answering a question about how to control your own anger is probably best suited to another forum, but in terms of the parenting aspect of things, you will be well-served to avoid getting highly emotive about most things related to your child and his foibles. He may just need a listener. 

It sounds like you are really engaged in a power struggle. After teaching for ten years, I've concluded that some kids are only intrinsically motivated. These kids also like to be in control of their own destinies (don't you like to be in control of yourself?) Recent research has confirmed that for many kids rewards AND punishments are not really the motivators many parents believe them to be. Between two and five or so, kids are really testing out their impact on the world around them. They still also need a lot of time with you. They spend a lot of time asserting their own opinions and desires over the people around them and test the limits of what they can effect. Without all the verbal skills you have, especially related to emotions, they often turn to other means to get what they want. This is all done at only a sub or semi concious level, it is not as though they are thinking, "how can I manipulate mom and dad this time?" but they are learning new skills related to cause and effect and what effect they can have and testing those skills. This manifests itself in different ways and generally by the time they are four or five things are calmer than at two and three, but your child is reaching new levels of sophistication in his/her exertion of control. If he is purposefully riling you, he may do it because (even if he does get a lot of attention) he may feel he needs more attention. He may do it because of a latent anger about something or because something thrills him about getting you upset. There may be underlying issues I cannot even begin to guess at. One possibility is that he is a smart kid not motivated by standard rewards and punishments who wants to do things (like wash his hands) on his own terms. 

Name recognition: Since everything from his cubby to his artwork will be labled with his name, it is great if your son can pick his name out of the crowd (first name and last initial) and even better if he can write it too. Again, this is not necessary - the teachers will work with him on both skills if he doesn't have them already, but they will be some of the first to be worked on. Schools often have a system for inducting their new students into the school culture and expectations. As a spot opens up, you are likely to get a memo addressing this very question from your school with specifics your school has found helpful for its particular community. In any case, take their suggestions to heart - they come from experience.