And generally speaking there is merit to discussing essences without any regard for existence. Mathematics is full of objects that most people do not think exist, but their properties are meaningfully discussed and explored. If one does not have to believe in the Platonic realm to discuss the possibility of squaring a circle then one does not have to believe in God to discuss the morality of creating a world full of evil. 

What Kant sees as his solution to the Humean problem, as inspired by Hume's Enquiry, covers also a more expanded version of it in the Treatise. However, a century later Husserl, who read all of Hume's major works including the Treatise, and considered himself influenced by Hume and not by Kant, developed a different non-metaphysical philosophy. But it is still in the style of the "Copernican revolution" and analyzing how knowledge is acquired, so it is highly unlikely that reading the Treatise would have changed the major themes of Kant's philosophy. 

Recall that to Kant since Aristotle "logic has not been able to advance a single step, and is thus to all appearance a closed and completed body of doctrine" (Critique of Pure Reason): no propositional variables, no connectives, no multi-place predicates, and no quantifiers. So Kant's notion of analytic is so impoverished that he would not lose much by simply accepting that everything, including logic, is synthetic. After all, he already declared that mathematics is synthetic. But it is also a priori, which means that synthetic is compatible with a priori. Moreover, some pragmatic shadow of analyticity is preserved even by late Quine of Two Dogmas in Retrospect: 

3) No conscious state of my own can serve as the permanent entity by reference to which I can determine the temporal order of my experiences. (premise) 

Now what of intuition? It helps to put it into the context of Kant's time as well. It has little to do with the modern colloquial meaning, something like what Peirce called "instinct for guessing right". According to Adams, the Latin term intuitio was introduced by scholastic authors: 

So the principle does not apply to any law individually, all of them are subject to empirical revision. The Hubble constant was fundamental when it was thought that the universe is expanding at a constant rate, now that we know it is accelerating dark energy was introduced and the rate varies in time and possibly in space, if the distribution of dark matter is uneven. Euclidean geometry was universal in Newton's absolute space, now we hold that it is not around massive stars where space gets bent, and have far more nuanced laws of general relativity. This is how it works: if a fundamental law is discovered to vary a varying parameter is introduced (dark energy distribution, spacetime metric), and the abstracted template becomes a new universal law. 

Perhaps the most detailed discussion of meanings and shades of meaning of Kant's "phenomenon", "appearance", "noumenon" and "thing in itself" is Palmquist's Two Perspectives on the Object of Knowledge. 

2) I can be aware of having experiences that occur in a specific temporal order only if I perceive something permanent by reference to which I can determine their temporal order. (premise) 

Kant's key objection to the ontological argument was that existence is not a predicate. So it's the existence of a being which is predicated on what it is taken to be, its essence, not the other way around. Morality may be essential to somebody's concept of God, but not to somebody else's, so presented with God's existence question in a world ruled by an evil being they will answer it differently. 

This is a manifestation of the Copernican principle: our place in the universe is not special, by extension no place is special, as some would if the laws of nature varied. It applies to fundamental laws only, and is a methodological principle, a "regulative idea" in Kant's terms, or what Poincare called a "convention" maintained "come what may", if a law is discovered to vary we revise it, and no longer call the original one fundamental. 

For example, Kant agrees with Hume that we can not deduce the principle of causality from observations, but argues that we should adopt it nonetheless because it is a condition for having a unified account of experience in time, "condition of the possibility of knowledge", as Kant calls it. He then proceeds to give an empirically grounded logical meta-argument that causality is indeed such a condition (questionable from modern point of view). This does not give us theoretical certainty for the principle, but it does give it a practical justification, and strategy K does not take us beyond senses and logic, there is no tertium quid. 

Margolis in The Passing of Peirce's Realism rightly points out that in the absence of metaphysical guarantees it is unclear why the inquiry should converge on any "final opinion". Peirce himself moved from certainty about this to merely "hope" in late years. Aside from being written off as "19th century optimism", the usual defense is pragmatic, this convergence is merely a hypothesis, as the entire corpus of science is hypothetical, albeit confirmed by practice. This is not far from Kant's regulative ideas or neo-Kantian "limit concepts". 

See also Barron's Kant, Copyright and Communicative Freedom on Kantian subordination of authors' rights to the "public sphere": 

In fact, this was Hilbert's original innovation. He considered (idealized) mathematical symbols as objects of a priori perception in a way similar to Kant's view of arithmetic as a priori synthesis in time (hence their agreement against Frege, to whom arithmetic was analytic), and geometry as a priori synthesis in space. But Hilbert extends this to formulas of algebra, formal logic, etc., by merging both space and time into a joint medium of syntheses. These are the "logical concrete objects that are intuitively present as immediate experience prior to all thought", "a condition for the use of logical inferences and the performance of logical operations". A condition of the possibility of certain knowledge, also very Kantian. But Hilbert's extension of Kant gives much more: we can have synthetic a priori knowledge of logical consequences of all our axiomatic theories. Indeed, their proofs are analogous to Euclidean constructions in geometry, they are a priori syntheses of imagination, but based on symbols rather than figures.