Attack Slowed: You swing your weapons more slowly. Blizzard achievements are worth a certain number of points, which is displayed on your relevant battle.net profile, but Feats of Strength always are worth 0 points. Immune: Immune to whatever status effect you're trying to apply. This can be knockback, stun, snared, or any other status effect, depending on the individual in question. Bottom line - one or more of your status effects isn't "sticking", so to speak. Unlike Diablo II, no monster in Diablo III is supposed to be immune to a damage type (though they might have high resistances). Charmed: Fight other monsters instead of the player As far as I'm aware, your character will always gain: And you should also consider that crafting items is already a lot like gambling, except with fewer risks - you have a better idea of what you're getting, and thus will wind up spending less money when trying to upgrade a specific slot. I heard some buzz over twitter that Blizzard was looking into also allowing characters to be sold. Is it yet possible to sell entire characters, for instance, if someone wanted to avoid the arduous leveling process? The decaying crypt can only spawn in two possible locations in the Fields of Misery zone. The best way of finding it is by taking a look at the image provided in this guide: Respawn at your corpse Respawn at the last checkpoint Respawn in town 15% Faster attack speed for more LoH More stats (weapons can get higher stats than armor can), and more unique effects like transcendence (having 100+ life per spirit spent is a great way to heal). Faster spirit regen (even faster if you have 2 spirit regen weapons) 15% dodge (if you take the passive) Overall, you gain a little dodge (doesn't work when frozen, etc, and you can't dodge ground effects like desecrate and plague, which are the main sources of death in late game inferno), some more potential sources of healing and spirit regen, more damage, but way less survivability. Either way you won't be a tank. I heard some buzz over twitter that Blizzard was looking into also allowing characters to be sold. Is it yet possible to sell entire characters, for instance, if someone wanted to avoid the arduous leveling process? Act III & IV: Litton the Fence Litton is hiding in the southmost part of the Worldstone Keep area, where he will sell you the belongings of dead soldiers. Act II: Silmak the Fence Silmak is also chilling in the Northwestern part of the town, though in his case, he's overlooking the city, a little east of the healer. Frozen: Mostly the same as stunned, but certain skills, like the Wizard's Frost Nova's Shatter Rune, cause frozen enemies to behave differently. Frozen enemies leave no corpse. Immune: Immune to whatever status effect you're trying to apply. This can be knockback, stun, snared, or any other status effect, depending on the individual in question. Bottom line - one or more of your status effects isn't "sticking", so to speak. Unlike Diablo II, no monster in Diablo III is supposed to be immune to a damage type (though they might have high resistances). The main goal of this setup is to have high dps with huge life on hit and high critical hit damage. I'd prefer my primary to be socketed to have even more critical hit, but those weapons with similar stats to mine are too expensive right now and far beyond my reach. Monks can build a tempest rush + wave of light build that can farm quite fast, this build requires 4 piece innas (to make sweeping wind cost next to nothing) as well as additional spirit regen gear to maximize wave of light spam. Its quite possible to get enough spirit regen for perm tempest rush, the trick is to use a slow attack weapon (skorn is perfect for this build). WoL becomes less useful at higher MPs due to increasingly higher monster health, but well geared monks can still farm quite fast (as is the case with every class). As of patch 2.0.1, you are now given 3 options when you die (after a 3 second timer): You'll want to fight on the highest MP you can tolerate at since each additional level grants a 10% chance of dropping an organ. Note, both the archon and WoTB builds are likely to change in the future as Blizzard has repeatedly said that they want to address the issue of perma archon and perma wotb.