“Aorist presents” is a term used by many (but not all) Indo-Europeanists to describe verb forms for the present tense with zero-grade ablaut (like the strong aorist). A classic example is Sanskrit tudati “he bumps into”, which forms its present tense from the zero-grade root *tud-, not the full grade *taud-. In this sense it resembles the aorist. Some of these letters are clumsy imitations of Ancient South Arabian script, others are made up. It looks like a fake. 

In historical linguistics, or specifically Indo-European studies, since the 1990s a whole new corpus of texts in a hitherto virtually unknown language were discovered, namely Bactrian. These have revolutionised our knowledge of ancient Iranian and Indo-European languages. 

Latin vir, Sanskrit vīra-, Avestan vīra-, Old Irish fer, Lithuanian výras, Gothic wair, all mean “man” and all derive from Indo-European *wīro- (or *uiH-ro). 

PS. These comments refer to the first picture; the second one was added later. 

The Luvian etc. forms look more like Skt vasu-, Av. vohu- and their cognates, IE *uesu-. To be honest, I think this is a useless question. All IE languages have preserved certain features of the hypothetical parent language and have lost others. All IE languages need to be taken into account in reconstructing the proto-language. There is no objective way to determine which daughter languages have “best” preserved these features. For example, the hypothetical IE laryngeals are preserved as such only in Anatolian, but Anatolian has lost lots of other features which have been attributed to PIE. But as figurative meanings don't even need phonetic changes to help them become figurative, I wonder if there are similar figurative uses of the word or phrase corresponding to 'literal' in other languages. There has been a recent popularization over the questionable use of the word 'literally' as an intensifier rather than as a marker of non-figurative, especially since it seems to be used non-literally by well-respected modern authors. There is a lot of evidence that it has been used non-literally literally for centuries. 

It seems to me that there is nothing special about 'literal' in English that it should be the only one to have such ambiguity leading to semantic drift. Is there any evidence that the corresponding terms for 'literal' in non-English languages have similar figurative uses? 

"Literal", in English, is primarily used to imply 'exactly as spoken/written' so that when something is said that sounds like hyperbole, it will be taken as truthful rather than exaggerated. But that situation also is semantically ambiguous in that things could seem truly exaggerated. And then, if one didn't know otherwise, the term 'literally' could be understood as an intensifier, and therefore taken in a non-literal manner. 

So it seems reasonable to suppose that the spoken languages we see today did not originate de novo any time recently, but developed somehow from past languages, and probably they developed specifically by processes of continuous change. 

I guess another related issue is how variable the common spoken source was e.g. is it more accurate to call Common Indo-European a "language" or a "dialect continuum", but that's just dealing with a matter that is fuzzy even today: the distinction between "language" and "dialect". Some example words (I’m taking these from Wiktionary): Many French words have lost etymological /l/. I have read that this occured due to a process of l-vocalization around the 10th-12th centuries which turned pre-consonantal l to u after any vowel aside from i (Manz). It seems that in general, el developed to the triphthong eau (which in Modern French has become /o/) as in beau < bellus, chateau < castellum, couteau < cultellus, veau < vitellus. The use of -eau instead of -el in the singular of words like this is said to be a back-formation from plural forms ending in -eaus/-eaux (Manz, Ricard). 

Is there any linguistic explanation of this? Native English words don't seem to me to have a general preference for the penultimate syllable, but I may be wrong — please tell me if there's evidence for this. So why does Modern English have /g/ at the start of the second syllable of "begin," which the OED says is from Proto-Germanic *ginnan?