The American Poolplayers Association (APA) claims to be the world's largest pool league, in terms of number of members. In addition to the United States, they have affiliates in Canada and Japan. They publish an 8-Ball & 9-Ball Game Rules Booklet (pdf), which is available for free online. 

PENALTY: Article 1 and Article 2.a through i. Two free throws shall be awarded to any member of the offended team. All infractions count toward ejection but do not count toward the team-foul total or disqualification. Source: History of the 3-Pointer From the 2013 ATP Official Rulebook, I. ATP Circuit Regulations, 1.07 C: 

Section 7, Article 1 (Criterion for Reversal): 

b. A free throw enters the basket from above and remains in or passes through the basket. 

The World Pool-Billiard Association (WPA) is probably the most geographically widespread of the tournament organizations. The Association is made up of 6 regional confederations around the world. (The Billiard Congress of America (BCA) is one of these 6 confederations.) The WPA is a member of the World Confederation of Billiard Sports, which is representing cue sports to the International Olympic Committee in an attempt at inclusion in the Olympics. The new balls are controversial. Many of the old plastic balls (before 2014) were not reviewed well. They did not meet ITTF requirements and were more prone to breaking than celluloid balls. ITTF claims that all of the plastic balls that were approved this year (the first plastic balls were approved on January 24, 2014) are better than the older plastic balls. As more tournaments using the plastic balls occur, time will tell what changes the new balls introduce to the sport. 

The 2006 celebration ban was not popular with the players or fans. And many players and fans were upset that the Packers were the only ones with a celebration that was still allowed, while their players were prohibited from celebrating. Before this year, it was debatable whether or not a Lambeau Leap-style celebration was within the rules at other stadiums. Players have attempted it in other stadiums, and it is usually not flagged, as long as it follows all the other rules (no props, no groups). With the new rule changes, a Lambeau Leap-style celebration should be allowed now in any stadium without question. 

From the NCAA Men's Basketball 2013-14 and 2014-15 Rules, Rule 5 (Scoring and Timing Regulations), Section 1, Article 2: 

After a player bounces the ball, the ball is still live, meaning that any player could theoretically grab the ball and continue playing. So if the ball goes in the basket, the goal would count. The Olympics has five different alpine (downhill) skiing events: 

Originally, when Dr. James Naismith invented the game of basketball in 1891, goals were worth one point each. Three consecutive fouls by one team (without the opposing team committing a foul) gave the opposing team one goal. 

However, they clarified that the Lambeau Leap would still be allowed, as long as it was one player only that jumped. Essentially, the Leap was grandfathered in as a celebration. The goal post dunk was also grandfathered in at the time, but in 2014 that was banned as well. ITTF has published a Q&A fact sheet on the new plastic balls (pdf). 

In the NBA, this is considered an Illegal Assist in Scoring, and results in a loss of the ball. Up until recently, all table tennis balls were made of celluloid. ITTF has mandated a change to a new ball, known as the plastic ball or poly ball. The deadline for the use of the plastic ball was July 1, 2014, and the Belarus Open was the first event to use the plastic ball. From this point on, all World Title and ITTF sanctioned events will use the plastic ball. I watched the Sochi 2014 Biathlon Men's Sprint today. In the Sprint race, the racers start separately, at 30 second intervals, and the racers stop twice along the cross-country ski course to shoot at five targets: once from a laying down position and once from a standing position. If they miss any of their targets, they are assessed a penalty. My question is: how does the penalty work? Does time get added on to their result if they miss, or do they get time taken off for each target they make, or is there some other method for penalizing misses in the target shooting portion of the race? 

Any player that is in the Top 30 in the ATP Rankings from the previous year is considered a Commitment Player for the current year. 

What are the differences between these different events? I know that the number and spacing of the gates are different. Is that all it is, or is there more to it than that? This year (2017), the NFL has made a rule change again; this time, it has relaxed the excessive celebration rules. Players are now once again allowed to use the football as a prop, to celebrate on the ground, and to engage in group demonstrations. Offensive or prolonged celebrations, or demonstrations directed at an opponent, are still against the rules and will result in a penalty.