Now, superficially, this appears to say absolutely nothing. There may be a philosophical thought lurking behind the surface here somewhere, but you're going to have to draw it out for us. Finally, as to the question of how consciousness "stimulates the behavior of living beings"-- this is largely, but not universally, accepted; there are some who argue that consciousness is purely epiphenomenal, and has no causal role in behavior. Since the question was reformulated a bit, I thought I would flesh out my answer in terms of the new portion, the question of how consciousness "pervades all of creation and stimulates the behavior of living beings." If the question remains "What do you think of the view of consciousness stated in the quote above?" my answer is "Not much." The short answer, for the vast majority of Western philosophers, is "it doesn't." All sentient beings, by definition, possess consciousness, but this does not mean that they all partake of (the same) consciousness, or that consciousness as such pervades all conscious beings. What's more, for many philosophers-- let's say Husserl, and those that follow him-- each individual consciousness is radically unknowable by any other consciousness. There is literally no way that anyone else can have direct access to my thoughts. Furthermore, for many philosophers-- let's say those influenced by Freud, to begin with-- no individual consciousness is completely transparent to itself. In other words, there is literally no way that I can be fully aware of the contents of my own consciousness. There's not much more us guys here can offer, until you refine the question. Since you are asking about the nature of consciousness, and not bliss or existence, we can bracket those parts for now, which leaves us with: I wonder if such a zombie could conclude cogito ergo sum since I believe Descartes really meant (inner) experience entails existence, and that the purpose of I in that statement is simply to point out that first person, direct inner witnessing, rather than some concept of a self. A man enters the tele-transporter on his way to work on Mars; the button is pressed but nothing seems to happen. on coming out from the machine the technician informs him that due to a malfunction he was not immediately destroyed, but due to the biological damage he has taken in the scanning process he will die anyway in several days, but not to worry since he was successfully tele-transported to Mars. Where does Dennett claim in Consciousness Explained that the mind is a Von Neumann machine? I think that in the book he calls his model a Joycean machine; but by claiming that the mind amounts to a computation he subscribes to the consequence that it may be implemented in principle by any universal computation device, be it a quantum computer, a Von Neumann computer, or a mechanical implementation of a Universal Turing Machine built from cog wheels and running on steam, and it does not matter if the specific architecture that he is contemplating now has changed in the last 20 years; ask him in 20 years and he may have another theory in mind; So far I failed to make even one of them realise that there is something in their inner experience that cannot conceivably be reproduced/simulated by a Turing machine. David Chalmers, who splits his time between being a property dualist and a panpsychist, addresses this problem in The Conscious Mind, in chapter 5 - The Paradox of Phenomenal Judgment 1) There is a lot going on in our brains for which we do not seem to have corresponding qualia; for example, involuntary movement of the eyes, formation of ideas (where do ideas come from?), body functions which the brain keeps on going while we are unconscious, etc... And my request is for references to discussions of this curiosity by philosophers, if such discussions exist. But if that is so, then we can think of a relation between physical and mental in which the mental does not nomologically supervene on the physical. What the problems in the argument are, and why it is overlooked, are two different questions. Now, back to functions: it seems that functionalists believe that the mind can be explained in terms of functions and that according to CTM, these functions are effectively computable. Finally, as to the question of how consciousness "stimulates the behavior of living beings"-- this is largely, but not universally, accepted; there are some who argue that consciousness is purely epiphenomenal, and has no causal role in behavior. There's not much more us guys here can offer, until you refine the question. Since you are asking about the nature of consciousness, and not bliss or existence, we can bracket those parts for now, which leaves us with: The short answer, for the vast majority of Western philosophers, is "it doesn't." All sentient beings, by definition, possess consciousness, but this does not mean that they all partake of (the same) consciousness, or that consciousness as such pervades all conscious beings. What's more, for many philosophers-- let's say Husserl, and those that follow him-- each individual consciousness is radically unknowable by any other consciousness. There is literally no way that anyone else can have direct access to my thoughts. Furthermore, for many philosophers-- let's say those influenced by Freud, to begin with-- no individual consciousness is completely transparent to itself. In other words, there is literally no way that I can be fully aware of the contents of my own consciousness. Since the question was reformulated a bit, I thought I would flesh out my answer in terms of the new portion, the question of how consciousness "pervades all of creation and stimulates the behavior of living beings."