Maybe and this is an attempt -and my opinion only- to understand this (stupid) act they destroyed it because of the significance (Arch of Triumph) to show that the final triumph is theirs or in their strange understanding of Islam that they kept Allahs word higher than the word of pagans and destroyed it for the sake of Allah! 

We know from Quran that drinking alcohol and eating pig/pork is prohibited/haram/haraam. AFAIK it is allowed to wear jackets made with pig leather but not while praying. I found a fatwa (Arabic) saying that you can even work in a bank (that deals with riba) if you work in section which is clean from riba! So on the whole the damage in all these cases over weights the benefit and the rule of shari'a says: "warding off bad things comes before attaining good things" therefore I prefer not allowing these kinds of intervention but not a defilement as for example neither gambling, nor [sacrificing on] stone alters [to other than Allah ], nor divining arrows are really najis. So the rule should be one for all the quoted things therefore alcohol isn't physically najis. Bad friends or evil companions are something one should avoid, so helping people to avoid them should be considered as a good deed. An article on how to end up a haram relationship 

How it should be: McDonald doesn't want to run a business which will end as a financial ruin they will try there best to fulfill the laws of a country. And the authorities in such a country who will permit McDonald to run a fast-food restaurant have to be on the side of their citizens and check if the presented food is good/halal for them right? 

Basically one is allowed to greet a non-Mahram and make any thing which falls under necessary parts of conversation with him/her. 

Will this women and the men meet? 

But you might know that some scholars allow dealing with riba for muslims in non-muslim countries for example via credits for Houses and flats! The evidences for those who said it is only morally najis. There is a rule saying: any najis is haram, but not everything which is haram is najis" so alcohol is haram and not najis until there's a strong evidence for that. They also used the fact that Muslims have spilled it on the roads and markets when it was prohibited (see for example here) without cleaning the Jars etc. afterwards, so if it was najis they wouldn't have spilled it on the roads as one could conclude from this hadith. And they also added some comments on the evidences of their "opponents" saying that in verse (5:90) the defilement is a practical one not as this As the ahadith above mention -more or less indirectly- whenever a man and a woman meet a cracking noise of feelings etc. (which may lead in best case to marriage or in worst case to zina) could be near! And from my experience often such relations end (bad) as either the man or the woman end up having some kind of feelings for the other while the other regard the relation as a pure friendship! So these kinds of friendships should be taken with prudence as no one knows what a man with a wounded vanity could do with the information and confessions you gave him about you! This shouldn't exclude that such a relationship could work pretty fine for long. 

Even the actual head of the Council of Senior Scholars Abdul-Aziz ibn Abdullah Al ash-Sheikh an offspring of Muhammad ibn 'Abdalwahhab is known to be against this as he considers that this might lead to haram acts and big malicious things. While he speaks about weak or seducible people (men more exactly) whom might be lead to these haram acts. So I don't think he changed his mind about that. Neither does the owner need to (totally) remove any form of alcohol form his venue nor do the Muslims need to feel bad because this venue usually sells alcohol, as they are not involved in this and they can't be responsible for what others do unless the owner is Muslim in that case they should at least advice him and avoid the place, as long as he didn't repent from this sinful act according to this hadith. See for example 6:164, 74:38. 

Note that by physical najasa they mean that we must clean ourselves if we came in touch with this material. 

The answer somehow depends on your behavior and your intention in a chat room. 

So if assisting to this marriage means that she would spend the night at a "foreign" house then it is not allowed for her to be present. Note that the time for grief in Islam ends after three days as stated in this hadith (except for the widow), afterwards life should go on as normal as possible under the given circumstances. 

Also note that a wife can add conditions to the marriage contract such as: being the lonely wife (well honestly I've read fatwas allowing husbands not to fulfill this condition, but in such a case the wife is allowed to ask for divorce).