LDS Perspective If this is a truth question, one can only speculate because as far as I can tell, it does not appear that Joseph Smith ever addressed the question of why the Book of Mormon uses the English style it does. Many more examples are given in this Study done on Book of Mormon Language D&C 130:22 The Father has a body of flesh and bones as tangible as man’s In an interesting address by a modern prophet (an apostle at the time) to the students at BYU in 1980, President Benson said, "Beware of those who would set up the dead prophets against the living prophets, for the living prophets always take precedence." Fourteen Fundamentals in Following the Prophet Four accounts of the creation The LDS church believes in 4 scriptural accounts of the creation: Genesis, Book of Moses (Pearl of Great Price), Book of Abraham (Pearl of Great Price), the temple account. This may seem like too many, but the Book of Mormon warns about not being accepting of more revelation in 2 Nephi 29:3-13. The articles of Faith suggests that the modern bible we have is not translated 100% correctly Article of Faith 8 and for that reason the book of Moses was written through revelation to Joseph Smith [Four accounts of the creation] . Brigham Young taught that "no revelation is ever received in its fullness," in other words, "no revelation can be defined by any single combination of words." In short: the answers are: Nullify, no. Takes precedence, yes. A quick text analysis of the Book of Mormon shows that the phrase "and it came to pass" occurs in the Book of Mormon 1123 times. One LDS member makes the case that the phrase "and it came to pass" is precisely what certain words in the original language means (therefore not necessarily an english phrase from an earlier era). See "And it came to pass..." There are many Bible and other LDS canonized scriptures to support this doctrine. Here are some of the many references: King James Bible LDS Canonized Scriptures Book of Mormon God LDS worship one God, the Father, and that we must not have any other gods before Him. [God the Father, Exodus 20:3] God is also referred to as Elohim, the father of Jesus Christ and our spirits. Teachings: Joseph F. Smith Here are some examples of materials which were used in the temple of Solomon that Nephi could have been referring to, which were not mentioned in verse 15: For example, polygamy is an eternal law. And although it is not practiced today, it has been practiced as noted in the Bible (Genesis 16:3; 25:1; 29:21-30; 30:3-4, 9), spoken of in the Book of Mormon: (Jacob 2:30), and practiced in the beginnings of the LDS church. However, the prophet in 1890, President Woodruff, wrote a Manifesto which lifted the commandment to practice plural marriage LDS.org topic: Polygamy. In that instance, the prophet didn't "nullify" the law, because those who had practiced it would still be sealed in heaven, however the practice on earth was stopped because the Lord commanded it. Additional References There is a great talk by LDS Apostle Jeffrey R. Holland about the godhead [The Only True God and Jesus Christ Whom He Hath Sent] Are you referring to anything specifically? If you can provide a specific instance, that might be more informative. The Creation When the book of Abraham references "the Gods", saying, "they, that is the Gods, organized and formed the heavens and the earth," [Abraham 4:1] it refers to those who participated in forming the earth. LDS believe that Elohim (God) created the world through the son, Jehovah (Christ) [Moses 2:1] and that others participated including Michael (Adam), and a "host of noble and great ones." [Christ and the Creation] "The noble and great ones" were spoken of as a subset of the group of intelligences [Abraham 3:22], which the prophet Spencer W. Kimball clarified "That assemblage included us all." So, in the context of the creation, "the gods" refers to two or more of Elohim, Jehovah, Michael, and some of us (the noble and great ones). There are many other Bible references to God and his physical body: Godhead The trinity consists of 3 distinct and separate beings, united with one common purpose. God (Father), Christ (Son), Holy Ghost. [Godhead] In general, scriptures were written by prophets, who received the revelation from God, and the words of the living prophets are considered scripture: "In addition to [the] four books of scripture, the inspired words of our living prophets become scripture to us. Their words come to us through conferences, the Liahona or Ensign magazine, and instructions to local priesthood leaders. “We believe all that God has revealed, all that He does now reveal, and we believe that He will yet reveal many great and important things pertaining to the Kingdom of God” (Articles of Faith 1:9)." LDS Gospel Principles Revelation from the living prophets are spoken as if from God. (D&C 1:38) Also, God does not change. (1 Nephi 10:18). Therefore, the revelation and the scriptures are from God, and God does not change, though he may give some specific instruction to certain people at different times, it doesn't nullify scripture. Because the LDS don't believe the Book of Mormon contradicts itself ("the Book of Mormon was the most correct of any book on earth", Joseph Smith), it must be referring to other materials which weren't mentioned in 2 Nephi 5:15. Members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (colloq. Mormons) believe that we are literally spirit children of God, that He is an exalted being, and that we can become like Him. Jesus Christ also has a physical body and He was the only begotten of The Father (God). Our physical bodies were not begotten of The Father, but we are all His spirit children, and Christ is our brother. Premise The assumption that the Book of Mormon is written with the English of the Jacobean era stands to be proven. Comparing it to the KJV of the Bible may not necessarily be considered Jacobean English because scholars have said that 90% of it was based on the Tyndale translation which was done prior to the Jacobean period. Coggan 1968, pp. 18-19.