Agent intellect is the faculty that mediates between concrete things and abstract concepts. Avicenna and Aquinas represented opposite positions on its nature, and we do not know which position is closer to the truth even today, although the issues are phrased very differently of course. 

I think here the difference in certainty is the difference in purpose. We put much more certainty into everyday realism because all we are using it for is practical action. And that indeed requires it, for getting enmeshed in fine points of metaphysical commitments will quickly leave one hungry, injured, and then dead. It is not that there is something "metaphysically wrong" with illusions, delusions and hallucinations, but rather that they often lead to inefficient or even self-detrimental behavior, and that better be nipped in the bud. Berkeley made exactly this point with a "crooked oar" optical illusion at the water surface, remarking that there are no illusions in epistemology. 

Quine's position is quite popular in modern analytic philosophy, but as everything in philosophy, it is not without critics. General critiques of descriptivism in establishing reference of proper names and natural kinds were championed by Kripke, and if descriptivism does not, in fact, adequately describe reference then it can be doubted that Russell's paraphrase is innocent with respect to ontological commitments. 

"...to receive, to be a subject, and other things of this sort, are not found in the soul and in prime matter in the same specific way. For prime matter is actuated by means of change and motion, and since every change and motion may be reduced to local motion, as the primary and most universal type of motion, as is proved in the Physics [VIII, 7, 260b 6], it follows that matter is present only in those things in which there is potency to place (ab ubi). Moreover, things of this kind, which are circumscribed by place alone, are corporeal. Hence, in accordance with the way in which the philosophers have spoken about matter, matter is present only in corporeal things; unless, of course, someone wishes to employ matter in an equivocal sense." Similarly, there is a way to "grasp" the willing without "an act of will". The meta-argument is based on the so-called volitionist theory of action, usually traced back to Descartes, and accepted by Spinoza, Leibniz, etc., before Kant. It is not an argument against free will, but one of many arguments against that theory. As confirmed by psychological studies, we do not first perform an act of will, which then causes us to do something, we just do it, willingly. This is reflected in the language, rather than say "I willed my hand to rise, and it rose" we say "I raised my hand". 

A somewhat more idiosyncratic use of "attribute" by Spinoza corresponds to what we would call "aspect" or "perspective", in which a substance is unfolded or under which it is considered. In particular, God and Nature are the same substance considered under different attributes (which is perhaps why we have an adequate knowledge of it). Here are some examples, again from Part II: 

As Dupré in Metaphysical Disorder sarcastically remarked about supervenience, "if this dependency is not to be wholly mysterious, there is presumably some set of facts that could be known that would permit the inference of the macroscopic from a sufficient knowledge of the microscopic. Perhaps we could not, even in principle, know these facts. But God, I suppose, would need merely to exist in order to know them". Grounding is replacing this relation with essentially reduction, only we release ourselves from having to demonstrate it explicitly because it takes place metaphysically "in reality" rather than semantically "in theory". This has a ring of "advantages of theft over honest toil", in Russell's words. It remains to be seen if grounding can offer more than that. 

To summarize the shift: yes, all change requires potentiality, but not all potentiality is material potentiality, that is the provenance of corporeal things subject to locality and motion. One can here a distant echo of this shift in the idea of extension as the chief attribute of matter in Descartes and Spinoza. For spiritual "pure forms", like angels, Aquinas replaces matter as the principle of individuation and change with esse, the (act of) being, the third ontological ingredient he adds to the Aristotelian matter and form.