In the NCAA, the first possession of the second half goes to whoever has the possession arrow (rule 6-1.2 [pdf link]), not necessarily whoever lost the opening tip. If the opening tip goes out of bounds, the first possession (by whoever did not touch it last) establishes the alternating possession, and after that it works normally. 

This is why most onside kickers attempt to either roll the ball along the ground or kick it down hard so that it bounces high. A high bouncing kick is ideal, since the bouncing is likely to slow it down enough that the kicking team can get into position and block the receivers. Note that "airborne" and "in flight" are not explicitly clarified anywhere in the NFL rules that I can find. A high bouncing kick could be construed as airborne by the dictionary definition; in fact, the NCAA has recently made exactly this decision: 

The rules make a special exception for the case of a kick holder, or else place kicks would be nearly impossible to execute. 

Rule 8, section 2, article 1 of the NFL Rules: If a tie-up occurs before either team has gained possession, then a new jump ball is held (rule 6-2.3). Because it's specifically permitted by the intentional grounding rule. How many runs will the batting side be awarded in this scenario? Another source: Appendix 7.6 of ICC's T20I Playing Conditions. The super over is treated like penalty shootouts in football. The goals scored during the shootout is not added to the players career goal tally. Similarly, the efforts of cricketers in the super over is not added to their career stats. Absent-Hurt: This is a scenario where a batsman is not able to come to the pitch to bat even without facing a ball, due to prior illness or injury. In this case, no runs will be added to his career stats and therefore, will not affect this average as neither will the (Innings - not outs) change. So, his batting average prior to the game is the same as that at the end of it. 

Now, consider a scenario where two fielders are chasing a ball that is running away to the boundary. The first fielder slides, stops the ball and passes it to the second fielder who throws it back to the wicket keeper. The batting side is only awarded the number of runs that they run between the wickets. 

Batting averages are calculated on the basis of (runs scored / (innings - no. of not-outs)). Bowling averages are calculated on the basis of (runs scored off bowling / wickets taken). Here the runs and wickets are what the players score or take in the match prior to the commencement of the super over. Total overs -> This is the total overs played (batting) and delivered (bowling) by a team. This one has a catch though. In the case of a player moving backwards, the player stops making forward progress because they have begun doing the opposite. No. Penalties are awarded by the officials. Team preference is not a factor; they do not have any input on the decision. the ball is placed for the next down based on its position when the down ends, and not for example when a defender first made contact with the attacker or when the attacker first took possession. Kick takers are selected from the players on the field at the end of the match (either at full time, or if extra time was used, then after extra time). From the IFAB Law 10, with added emphasis on a phrase of special importance, In the case that it is not clear even to witnesses or by examination of evidence (and in particular, it is not clear to the umpires of the match in question) benefit of the doubt is presumed for the batsman (Law 27.6, Consultation by umpires), and therefore the decision should be not out. 

20.4.2.9 the ball does not leave the bowler’s hand for any reason other than an attempt to run out the non-striker under Law 41.16 (Non-striker leaving his/her ground early). Various systems are used by different organisations to make it easy to note the reason for a card, and remind the referee what occurred when they write a match report afterward. With the exception of a substitute for an injured goalkeeper, only players who are on the field of play or are temporarily off the field of play (injury, adjusting equipment, etc.) at the end of the match are eligible to take kicks. 

17.3.2.1 if it is called dead, or is to be considered dead, before the striker has had an opportunity to play it. See Law 20.6 (Dead ball; ball counting as one of over).