In fact when you check tafsir books there are at least two different opinions on when it was revealed: 

Conclusion: The Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) had scribes who wrote for him, what he dictated and memorizer's who memorized it at the same time! 

This is just an addition to the given answers, which have only pointed at one single subject of this science -> grammatical issues in the Quran and the implied linguistic meanings. 

See also in an extract of tafsir ibn Kathir (qtafsir)the interpretation and read the story of a Christian scribe of abu Musa al-Ash'ary () and Omar ibn al-Khattab () which was also quoted by al-Qurtobi. From this story the main idea one could conclude is one shouldn't totally be dependent on non-Muslims. 

This tradition says that the surah was revealed during the days of tashreeq! As is the only indication for a quotr of a location is that the prophet () stood at al 'aqabah (Mina) to held a sermon afterwards. Al-Bayhaqi has quoted the same narration in his dalaail an-Nubuwa. 

The issue you are talking about is not related to what is normal... 

So are you talking about the kufi count (the most common as the riwaya of hafs from 'assim is the most common riwaya/qira'a) or the madani count or the makki count etc. ? For example ayat al Kursi http://quran.com/2/255 is in the madani count divided into 2 Verses! 

and from other ahadith for example here where the Prophet (peace be upon him) ask for a scribe to write some new revelation, here where it's said not to travel to the land of enemies with a Quran (=Mushaf), here where Zaid ibn Thabit (May Allah be pleased with him) describes how or more exactly where the Quran was written and finally this hadith in which our Messenger (peace be upon him) ask the sahaba not take down anything from him except the Quran, so our Messenger (peace be upon him) used to dictate the new revelations and some sahaba who could write where his scribes and they used any clean object like leather, bones etc. to write on it and therefore some Quran fragments have already existed during his lifetime, and this are those which Zaid ibn Thabit (may Allah be pleased with him) collected during the reign of Abu Bakr (may Allah be pleased with him)! 

I will try to explain how the Quran was written at the end of my answer but first i want to explain the meaning of the word: 

'Othman and the Rasm al-'Othmany of the Quran copies 

Here some prohibitions and recommendations which maybe an additions to the given answer: 

And as an Article title i found: 

Allah instructs you concerning your citizens 

So any reading (Qira-a) or recitation which fulfills the following 3 conditions is considered to be sahih (sane): 

Please note that in many cases the same riwaya has different options in tajweed on how to recite a verse. 

But iron is considerd as a gift of Allah which we find on earth and we have been given the guidance to use it the right way (good deed) or bad way (bad deed). 

But lets try to explain it with other Verses from the Quran: First of all the favors of Allah is very much as you find in Surat Ibrahim (14:34) 

At-Tabari instead said, that Luqman has prohibited or discouraged his son here from arrogance, but he also added an evidence for not walking fast. This would go ahead with the meaning of this sahih hadith. 

And for those who don't count al-basmalah as a Verse they reach 7 Verses in surat al-fatiha by dividing the last Verse, as follows: 

There are 3 defintions of Makki and Madani which are used by scholars: 

4) ... Allah has sent down the Book and the Wisdom ... [An-Nissa' 4:113] 

While reciting surat al-'Araaf I passed by these verses: 

See also this fatwa which includes a comment from tafsir al-Qurtoby on the Verse 31:19. And this summary about Luqman and his advices. 

By the way especially al-Kissaiy and Abu 'Amr are known linguists of their time and representatives of the Arabic grammatical schools of Basra and Kufa! 

Theses Rawys have been in case of Nafi Warsh and Qalun. For example some torouq of warsh are al-Azraq and al-Asbahani. Riwayat Warsh according to al-Asbahani (died 294 a.H.) was well known in the Iraq after the 3rd Hijri century! Warsh and ad-Dori (who was a student of 2 different Readings al-Kissai and abi 'Amr) where somehow more then Students of one Reader. Warsh came to Nafi' after learning the Readings in Egypt and Nafi' accepted or corrected him! And Khalaf a student of Hamza himself is one of the 10 Readers, but his own Reading is considered just a midway between the Readings from Kufi Scholars! 

The rest is a matter of interpretation the verse says they shouldn't show of their beauty or adornment (which refers to anything which could be counted as 'awrah or attracting sexual arousal or at least -lustful- intentions by men). Whether one should wear it over the neck or not isn't even described in the verse, so the hadith might be an explanation or extension or ... You should try to make a side by side comparison of the hadith quote of the verse and the verse itself in Arabic (see for example here were the quoted words of the hadith begin at the left of the 2nd line and end at the right on the 3rd line). Alhamdulliah here the standard Arabic and the original text as written by the sahaba are still the same so a comparison without further explanations is easily possible.