Cognitive Social Emotional (sometimes this is combined with #2) Physical (which includes mobility but mostly fine and gross motor skills in general) Visual Aural Oral (This doesn't just include language, but also eating and the ability to properly manipulate the mouth/tongue which will influence language development) Technically, 5 and 6 aren't true milestones, but from my own experience I truly believe that these two things are important enough to warrant a separate point. Before we got C's new RGP lenses, she was starting to get well behind on her development, but as soon as we changed she began hitting milestones like crazy and is completely caught up. The same is true with her language development. We had a really hard time with ear infections for a few months, and a couple of weeks after we had tubes put in her vocabulary just exploded. I can't prove that the tubes were the primary reason for that...it might just be that she was due for a vocab explosion anyway, but I don't believe it's a coincidence. I've listed a couple of websites below with some good general milestones (but it seems like every website has a different list). 

Overtired/Undertired Loop Another reason a short nap might happen is that your child can get stuck in an overtired/undertired loop. You indicate that your child is awake for 1.5 hours between naps and taking 4-5 naps a day. This is most likely an age-inappropriate schedule for a 4 month old, as I learned the hard way. You need to be moving to a solid 3 naps a day. What is quite likely happening right now is that your child is not awake long enough to get quite tired enough to make it through the sleep cycle transition. In turn your child has a short nap and is overtired from not getting the full benefit of a longer nap, so your child exhibits drowsy signs earlier than a child who is well-rested. It can become something of a trap. Sometimes None of This Works The author of Happy Sleep Habits, Healthy Child, Dr. Marc Weissbluth, mentions that between 4 and 6 months of age some babies don't nap well during the day. Many parents who have been in your place will agree. However the good news is that nap length evens out as babies age. Most short nappers begin to nap longer once they take 2 naps consistently, which appears to happen between 5 and 8 months of age. For some babies the transition to 2 naps occurs because naps naturally lengthen. For others the time awake begins to lengthen. For yet others night sleep becomes disturbed by extra wake-ups or an early wake-up in the morning indicating the time for a schedule change has come. However it occurs, when the transition to 2 naps occurs many formerly short nappers begin napping at least an hour for each nap. For a few babies naps do not lengthen until the transition to 1 nap and some babies simply only need a 30-45 minute nap and will never have long naps. Cognitive Social Emotional (sometimes this is combined with #2) Physical (which includes mobility but mostly fine and gross motor skills in general) Visual Aural Oral (This doesn't just include language, but also eating and the ability to properly manipulate the mouth/tongue which will influence language development) Technically, 5 and 6 aren't true milestones, but from my own experience I truly believe that these two things are important enough to warrant a separate point. Before we got C's new RGP lenses, she was starting to get well behind on her development, but as soon as we changed she began hitting milestones like crazy and is completely caught up. The same is true with her language development. We had a really hard time with ear infections for a few months, and a couple of weeks after we had tubes put in her vocabulary just exploded. I can't prove that the tubes were the primary reason for that...it might just be that she was due for a vocab explosion anyway, but I don't believe it's a coincidence. I've listed a couple of websites below with some good general milestones (but it seems like every website has a different list).