The implying statement seems to have 'more truth', and to have some part of that truth be the truth of the implied statement. And literally "False <= True" when these are 0 and 1. You can read <= between booleans as 'whenever' if => is 'implies'. So "A implies B means B whenever A" gets written 'A=>B = B<=A' in various computing languages. 

The normal way out of Zeno's model nowadays is Newton's integral calculus. From that point of view, any infinitesimal sliver of anything still has zero area, but these zero contributions do add up to nonzero results when accumulated over continuous ranges. Like your example of algebra, where there is no universally best choice between Module Theory and K-Theory or between Fields and Groups, logic as a whole is driven by deployment. There can be generalizations that combine or classify logics, as we see links like Galois Theory, etc. where algebras merge or apply to one another. And following those down, it is not hard to see that there could be a single underlying structure that unifies the whole. 

Any meaning they 'produce' in us is not really in them, it is in us. Mathematics and logic are a place where Plato's notion of anamnesis is almost literally correct. 

This is just a compact version of Zeno's paradox. Instead of time and space, what you are dividing against one another are two spaces. The corner has zero probability of ending up anywhere, the same way that the point where Achilles overtakes the tortoise has zero breadth. The Left is just as deep in this boat with attacks on "Big Pharma", "Big Oil", etc. The implication is that these are not mere beneficiaries of a (possibly biased) system we all agreed to, but plotting conspirators. Despite the fact that those making the decisions are obligated by the law -- the contract of fiduciary responsibility to stockholders -- to always act to maximize profit (within the law, reason, and applicable stated charters), we are expected to see their doing so as underhanded gaming. 

Now use R ∨ ¬R (Excluded Middle) for a new ∨-elim: See Doxastic or Epistemic Logic : But we have also ¬P. Thus, we may conclude with Q. is quite useless; "cannot be" means "impossible". Thus, necessity is simply the negation of the possibility of the negation, which is quite "standard" in modal logic, but only moves the problem one step back. 

In classical and intuitionistic logic, the Principle of Explosion is often a basic law of inference. 

For simplicity, we will consider the case when Γ is the emptyset; in this case we have the previous version : But in this way, we cannot conclude nothing about the "relative position" of margarine and cheese. For most of "little bit complex" mathematical theories, this is not possible. We cannot derive a contradiction from P ↔ Q and P → ¬Q, because the the two formuale are simultaneously satisfiable. 

Compare with propositional logic, where a valid formula is called a tautology (the negation of a tautology is called a contradiction : a formula which is always false). Many instances of real mathematics really work from propositional axioms, and are only incidentally about elements. The 'elements' are totally ambiguous anyway, since the sets only exist up to isomorphism. (Geometry is not about points. And Group theory is about groups, not their elements.) Category Theory captures this really well, but from a more Universal Algebra perspective, in the vast majority of instances it is an artifact of the nature of axioms, and so of propositional logic. 

I am not sure that is about any transcendental nature of truth. But it is in its own way deep. It is about the fact that formal language does not contain or confer meaning, it only transfers a point of view from one person to another. This can be useful, but it cannot introduce meaning, it can only point at it. 

Using himself as evidence this is possible, he is ashamed of the offended members of his group, who are not trying hard enough to get along with the rest of the world. 

He is implying that Democrats purposefully created a culture of dependency to further their own political ambitions. Because it benefitted them, they let the poor make unreasonable demands on the rich. In fact, I doubt there is such a plot. But this is not his main point, his main point is that this makes them untrustworthy and hostile to 'real taxpayers'. But you can only believe this deduction if you accept the conspiracy theory behind the original statement. And we have come full circle -- these folks were not doing the public's (possibly misguided) bidding, they were plotting their own ascent to power. 

The implying statement seems to have 'more truth', and to have some part of that truth be the truth of the implied statement. And literally "False <= True" when these are 0 and 1. You can read <= between booleans as 'whenever' if => is 'implies'. So "A implies B means B whenever A" gets written 'A=>B = B<=A' in various computing languages. See Christine Ladd-Franklin, “On the Algebra of Logic”, in Charles Sanders Peirce (editor), Studies in Logic (1883), page 17-on; see pages 61-62. The rule has the proviso that the variable to be quantified, in this case x, must not be free in any assumption; in the proof, we have Fx as assumption, and x is free in it. 

[Note. If we consider the two formulae above, and we consider their meaning regarding the single arithmetical interpretation, now we have that one of them is true and the other is false. Due to the fact that there are infinite natural numbers (and so, more than one), we have that the formula : ∃x∃y ¬(x = y) is true in the arithmetical interpretation (consider e.g. 1 and 2), while its denial ∀x∀y (x = y) is obviously false (not all numbers are equal)]. 

For proofs, see the posts: Why is this true and Proof of Drinker paradox.