Here are two Fatwas in Arabic as a reference 1 & 2 Finally a practice which is clearly contrary to shari'a So the husbands in practice wants to beat his wife because she refused intercourse, or because she doesn't obey him now -in fact-he is asked to "punish her" by not having intercourse with her for a while (days not a second, minute or hour, as else it would be meaningless) before even thinking of beating her softly! 33:37 again doesn't prohibit adoption, but it quotes the story of Zaid ibn Haritah the former adopted son of our Prophet. And adds a new rule, which created much trouble, as an adopted child was considered as an own child in Jahiliya and was given all the rights of such a child. This means a man couldn't marry a former wife of his son (even if it was an adopted son), but this verse was a further step to declare the rights of an adopted child as invalid it made it legal to marry the wife of an adopted child. See also this hadith which explains the details. Note that in Verse 33:40 Allah clearly declares that Muhammad isn't a father of any of the men (referring to Zaid ibn Haritah). Note that even in case of a Muslim slaughterer the animal could die from fear, or have a bad death if the person who is performing it was not experienced enough. [Sunan abi Dawod] - And in Hajjat al wada' the Messenger of Allah (peace be upon him) said: "...So act kindly towards women" as narrated by abi Huraira (in Sahih al-Bukhari & Muslim and Jami' at-Tirmidhi] - And about forcing some one to do something we find the following Verse: All this can't be done in the same day, but needs days or even weeks of rejection (or disobedience) of the wife to follow the orders of Allah. Ibn al-Sabbah said in his version: Muharramah means a mount which has not been used for riding. Note that I've heard a scholar saying that in fact in most situation it is the male who inherits less than the female, I'd be interested in a commentary/explanation on that! Also note that the missing part of the verses above is quoting children or more exactly the inheritance shares of siblings from their parents only, not all possible cases of inheritance! I'm curious if there are any rules that Muslims or Imam al-Muslimeen or a Caliph should help his christian tributary to repair their church? Or will Muslims or at least their leader be regarded as a sinner if such a house of worship would collapse or be demolished before collapse? Al-Miqdam ibn Shurayh, quoting his father, said: I asked Aisha about living in the desert. She said: The Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) used to go to the desert to these rivulets. Once he intended to go to the desert and he sent to me a she-camel from the camel of sadaqah which had not been used for riding so far. He said to me: Aisha! show gentleness, for if gentleness is found in anything, it beautifies it and when it is taken out from anything it damages it. I'm quoting here sunni references! An other scholar says that the hadith This is declared by the following words from 33:4-5: Wherever inheritance is on topic people quote those verses of the Qur'an, were we read the similar sentence: Some more fiqh details based on this fatwa: Also note that these rules of the EU apply only in case of a regular slaughtering that means for slaughtering for further sale! In this case usually a veterinary is present in would control everything so the chance of an animal dying for the quoted reasons isn't high! I know that many Muslims buy animals directly from farmers and perform the slaughtering on site (without consulting a veterinary, this would be halal slaughtering, but is it safe?)! An important advice in talaq matters you should in any case consult a scholar!