PROP. II. Extension is an attribute of God, or God is an extended thing. 

Berkeley's quip "we ought to think with the learned but speak with the vulgar" is seen as an early expression of this position in response to the criticism that his phenomenalsim runs counter to the "ontology" of common sense. Horwich and Williams interpret late Wittgenstein in this vein, arguing that statements only have "assertibility conditions" rather than "truth conditions", and therefore language can entail no ontological commitments whatsoever. 

Several aspects of interpreting Spinoza's theory of attributes are controversial. For instance, he ultimately concludes, in contradistinction to all his predecessors, that there is but one substance, God=nature, and despite mentioning its infinite attributes names only two of them in Ethics, thought and extension. In the early Short Treatise those are the only two through which God can be known, and omnipotence, eternity, immutability, and infinity are termed "propria", because "they are only Adjectives, which cannot be understood without their Substantives. That is to say, without them God would indeed be no God, but still it is not they that constitute God ; for they reveal nothing of the character of a Substance, through which alone God exists". In Ethics the "propria" disappear altogether, but eternity appears in the oft-mentioned sub specie aeternitatis, "under the species of eternity", in a sense similar to "under the attribute": This rings all sorts of Kantian alarm bells for me. The reason for "described by" in textbooks is that "mathematical structure" is a representation, while "physical world" is not, so one can not literally "be" the other for conceptual reasons. Representation by itself is not a representation of anything, it can only represent something else through a correspondence scheme, just like a book without a 'reader' (possibly inanimate) is only an object combining ink and paper. In case of correspondence to something physical the scheme itself would normally consist of some physical procedures that relate "forces" to forces, "masses" to masses, "motion" to motion, etc. This is how "such and such is described by mathematics" is usually interpreted. Tegmark's expansive formulation though seems to leave no room for such an interpretation. It would not help to say that the physical procedures involved are themselves mathematical structures, or realizable on a Turing machine, because what we are trying to understand is exactly what it means for the physical to be so structured, or so realizable. It would not help to say that in place of "mathematical structure" it means some physical realization of it for the same reason, both set off infinite regress.