I believe the only requirements on a system to have incompleteness obtain are the following (I might be missing something): a) It is 2nd-Order Logic with Full Semantics. The semantics is "full" because the second order variables range over the full powerset of the first-order domain. Categoricity obtains in many cases as a result of the failure of Lowenheim-Skolem in a second-order setting. I'm not sure what informal fallacy this argument contains, perhaps a hasty generalization or something? But the most damaging point is that I don't think the argument is sound since I think the conditional is false. Further Reading Indexicals: The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy has (as usual) a great article on the subject of indexicals. The locus classicus here is David Kaplan's "Demonstratives". Kaplan's Theory of Indexicals is covered in the SEP article, but you can also read about it in the Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy's entry on Demonstratives and Indexicals. So this brings me to the final answer to your question "surely a proof should have some semantic status too?". Yes, generally people think that it should. This is why soundness and completeness are desirable properties for a system to have (though there are trade-offs to be made, as evidenced by the fact that most of the more interesting mathematical systems will be incomplete). But ultimately these are meta-theoretic properties and proofs are carried out in the meta-language. I think we keep these notions (syntactic and semantic validity) separate so we can modify our system along two dimensions to allow for theories where the syntactically and semantically valid propositions are not the same. @MauroAllegranza gets at why we need second-order quantification, let me say a bit about why some want this to be interpreted as introducing plural quantification. No logics ever really "define" truth, they use it. It is assumed that there is some pre-theoretic understanding of what "truth" is. In weaker systems than S5 (or in the bizarre version of S5 I described above) you will often have worlds that are inaccessible to one another. For instance, in K there are no restrictions placed on accessibility and so you cannot be sure that any worlds access any others. As a weird side effect, you can have a world w1 in which both []p and ~p are true. Since accessibility isn't reflexive in K you don't need p to be true at w1 in order for []p to be true and so there is no contradiction. [Assumption] [(1), Rfn(S)] [(2), definition of G] [(1), (3)] [(1)-(4)] [(5), version of _reductio ad absurdum] [(6), definition of G] The author of the linked article, György Serény, gives us the following informal statement of the argument just presented: What it is for a world w1 to be "inaccessible" is simply for the propositions true at w1 to make no difference in the evaluate of modal statements at worlds that don't access w1. For further information of these issues and exploration of technical systems of both sorts I recommend Graham Priest's An Introduction to Non-Classical Logic. The book presents these systems in a tableuax style of proof, which combines sytactic and semantic proof. It has the disadvantage of being somewhat unnatural (it doesn't resemble normal reasoning as much as, say, a natural deduction system) but it is rather easy to get accustomed to. Your assumptions are wrong this time. Gödel used Russell's type theory from Principia Mathematica. Thus Gödel uses a higher-order theory in the original proof (though I'm not sure without taking a deep look how much of the higher-order apparatus is used). In fact, the original paper's (translated) title is "On Formally Undecidable Propositions of Principia Mathematica and Related Systems". I really can't state with confidence that informal logic is the same, using rather than defining truth. But a quick scan of the SEP article on Informal Logic makes me think that what I've said probably holds of informal logic as well. So, back to your sentence "I am here now". When I utter that sentence, context selects a centered world where the privileged individual is me, the privileged location is where I am at the time of utterance, and the privileged time is when I am at the time of utterance (which is just a convoluted way of saying "it's the time of utterance"). When you utter the sentence the same thing happens, mutatis mutandis.