What are the semantics of this construction? What constraints are there on the semantic role of the subject and its relationship to the action of the verb? For example, one constraint seems to be that the subject should be aware of the action: He had his car stolen, but he didn't realize it sounds strange to me. Also, it seems like the action has to be agentive (though the agent is someone other than the subject): He had his key lost is obviously bad. When and how did this construction arise? Is it historically an extension of the causative have construction? What other languages have similar constructions, i.e. ones that line up the subject with an "affectee" or "beneficiary" argument, and what do these look like morphosyntactically? (The "benefactive pivot" construction of some Philippine languages seems to be one example.) 

English has a somewhat unusual construction exemplified by sentences like the following: He had his car stolen. He had his house repossessed. He's had three books published. These are different from the causative have construction: e.g. (1) doesn't mean "He caused his car to be stolen". What this construction seems to do is line up the subject with an argument that could be called an "affectee", i.e. someone affected by the action; another term might be "beneficiary", but in the broad sense of a referent who is either advantaged or disadvantaged by the action. 

The question addresses an aspect of English syntax that is still somewhat in flux. The mechanism known as copular inversion should be part of the answer. Finally, the following data can be construed as involving a type of ellipsis: Why the intonation pattern prefers to be the one way as opposed to the other is mysterious. What is clear, however, is that linear order is not really impacting the scope of epistemic and deontic modal verbs and adverbs in relation to each other. 

The answer C, the one you chose, is somewhat better than answer B. However, passive participles like found straddle two syntactic categories, verb and adjective. They can behave like an adjective with respect to a noun that they modify, i.e. they can be dependent on a noun as if they were a clear adjective, but they clearly maintain their verbal quality with respect to the material that they head. 

However, English has a construction that seems related, e.g. 

I am not aware of literature that addresses the subject matter in the question directly. I have, however, thought about such cases quite a bit, and I have an unpublished paper that addresses some of the relevant data in part. I think iterative fits best, although durative is another possibility. The verb keep can express iterative and/or durative aspect, meaning that it indicates the repetition of an event or action that persists. Iterative and durative are listed as an aspect in the Wikipedia article. 

There is, however, a more concrete way to approach the classification of a verb like keep. It is not an auxiliary verb, since it does not license subject-auxiliary inversion or VP-ellipsis, nor does it accept not as a postdependent: In English adjective-noun combinations the noun commonly carries the main stress: In German, however, you can reverse the order of these consituents without changing the (truth-conditional) meaning of the sentence: First of all, let's look at English word order (actually it's the order of constituents, not words): I ran some of your sentences in the demo, and results are mixed. The verb live seems to be recognised only in the sense of *Live*1 = to reside. The adjective is treated as something different from the verb. Phrasal verbs and idioms such as live it up seem to be beyond the current abilities of the parser. acattle's comment that there is a trade-off between inflectional complexity and strict word order is a good answer to your question. I think it would really help to illustrate this with some examples. 

I have noted this stress pattern in a number of examples, and my impression is that it's more common in American than in British English. Each of them might be interpreted contrastively. In the second example the speaker seems to imply that Chinese food is somehow more fun or enticing than, say, Italian food. Similarly, in the first example that information that the speaker is talking about black men, not white men seems to be key. 

The MOP says that as many consonants as possible should belong to the second syllable (i.e., the onset of the following syllable should be maximised). What is possible is determined by the phonology of English. For example, there are words like 'road' that begin with an /r/. Hence, we know that /r/ is a possible onset. Therefore, /ˈvɛ.ri/ is the correct syllabification. Most linguistics can agree that (in English) the nucleus ("core") of a syllable must be vowel (an exception is made for nasals in certain contexts). If we consider a word with more than one syllable, the next question is whether the consonant(s) between the first and the second nucleus should belong to the first or the second syllable.