The absence of Jewish support for the concept of original sin does not stem from some contemporary strain of Jewish thought or other influences within Judaism, but has existed from pre-Christian times. It is Christianity that has moved forward with new ideas, at least in the West. I can scarcely disagree with Affable Geek when he says everyone had an agenda. I am also very much in agreement with his assessment of Tacitus, Flavius Josephus and later Christian "historians." Therefore, I do not propose to reiterate the reasons those historians can not be regarded as entirely reliable. The Book of Watchers, in the aprocryphal 1 Enoch*, is the earliest specific, pre-Christian reference to the fallen angels, at least in the Septuagint version. Ninian Smart says, in The Long Search, page 108, though we have the gospels, and other elements of the New Testament, it is naive to look upon them as bringing us an authoritative portrait of Jesus. The "biblical Jesus" and the "historical Jesus" are the same person, but that does not make the biblical presentation of Jesus as reliable as once believed. The Council of Trent (1545–1563) introduced more specific requirements, ruling that in the future a marriage would be valid only if witnessed by the pastor of the parish or the local ordinary (i.e., the bishop of the diocese), or by the delegate of one of said witnesses, the marriage being invalid otherwise, even if witnessed by a Catholic priest. 

Rhoads, Dewey and Michie say, in Mark as Story, page 2, that scholars argue that a study of Mark, taken by itself apart from any traditions about it, suggests no connection between the anonymous author and the apostle Peter. Raymond E. Brown, whom I have also cited above, says (ibid, page 160) Mark seems to depend on traditions (and perhaps already shaped sources) received in Greek. This, along with strong doubts that Mark was the author of this gospel, means that the tradition that the author wrote down the memoirs of Peter, is unsustainable. 

Annette Yoshiko Reed says in an innovative twist on earlier Jewish traditions, Justin Martyr (c. 100-165) proposed that the progeny of the fallen angels, described in Genesis 6.1–4, became demons who masquerade as deities and trick pagans to explain the origins of pagan worship (cf Psalm 96:5: "For all the gods of the nations are idols..." ). In conclusion, the 'Iraqi Chaldeans' are not ethnically related to the ancient Chaldean people. The name 'Chaldeans' was chosen by the Catholic Church in Rome, although there was no precedent to support this usage. Wikipedia says the modern Chaldean Catholics are in fact Assyrians, originally from northern Iraq, northeast Syria, northwest Iran and southeast Turkey, an area that does not overlap well with the more southern homeland of the Old Testament Chaldeans. Rome initially named the new diocese, formed by those Assyrians who broke from The Assyrian Church of the East and entered communion with the Roman Catholic Church, the Church of Assyria and Mosul. Some 128 years later, in 1681, this was changed to The Chaldean Catholic Church, despite none of its adherents having hitherto used the name 'Chaldean' to describe themselves or their church. His doctrinal bias comes through quite consistently in smaller details in the individual telling of stories. It is in this that the historicity is most to be questioned: that the events happened is typically not in doubt but the generous amount of fiction added to the narrative and possibly leaving out relevant details that didn't fit the picture he wanted to paint leave the exact accuracy of the work as suspect. 

According to the Catholic Encyclopedia, several contemporary church figures were among the first critics of his work. They also give several sources for additional studies critical of Foxe: The primary accusation brought against Foxe's Book of Martyrs (originally titled Actes and Monuments) is its strong anti-Catholic bias. The doubt cast on the work is almost always the possible "spin" placed in the selection and retelling in order to elevate Protestantism as the true faith at the exclusion of other Christian sects. Whatever the exact circumstances, that the basic events happened is not really in question. The Wikipedia article, which notes in the summary section the sometimes polemical tone of Foxe's work, has an entire section devoted to his merits as a historian. Here is one excerpt: 

Matthew Poole (d. 1679) applies the passage to both mother and child, but leaves the status of early fetuses as ambiguous: 

they that have done evil, into everlasting fire (WP) 

A God-man must be born with the power, obligation, and will to make the satisfaction The problem, Anselm summarizes, is that no one is capable of paying the debt except God, and only mankind has the obligation to pay it. Thus, a God-man is logically necessary to pay this debt. The clauses in question appear to be: 

In Augustine's case, he had no intention of lifelong fidelity, so the point is rather moot. But in many places around the world, both historically and currently, government restrictions make it difficult or impossible for some men and women to be officially "married." It's also specifically commanded in the canons of the Council of Laodicea (363): 

Checking quickly in Everett Ferguson's Church History, I found the following, which may prove useful as a starting point for answers: Summary Scholars have suggested the traditional arguments against canonicity—late date, mysterious authorship, merely local influence, and low quality. But perhaps these traditional arguments were supplemented by concerns that the work, if not heretical itself, supported a heretical movement, and thus could not be accepted into the canon. 

There are a few ways to look at the origin of the word Easter: 

There are several more passages referenced by Anselm, but they are best explained in the context of his entire argument. A summary of that argument, along with additional Scripture references, follows. From this understanding, perhaps aided by Aristotelian philosophy, developed the doctrine of ensoulment, that is, that fetuses do not gain souls upon conception. For example, though Thomas Aquinas (d. 1274) condemned abortion, he does not interpret this passage to mean that early ("pre-formation" and therefore "pre-soul") abortion is murder: