I suspect that if my son could not communicate so well with us, we would spend considerably more time failing to communicate than we would ever spend teaching him these simple concepts. The nature of this assertion, however, makes it nearly impossible to study scientifically. 

Here are examples of the things we can say to my son, where he has full comprehension and can perform the related tasks: Have wheels, which makes them easy to move around on the floor. Construction vehicles often have moving parts that are easy to manipulate at their age. Then, real construction vehicles are huge. To a toddler, they're absolutely massive. They can do things that humans and animals can't do. This can be rather awe-inspiring and amazing. It's why airplanes, helicopters, tractors and semi-trucks are also exciting. Use engaging, positive communication One of the most frustrating things for any artist in when you draw a specific object or concept, and then someone comes along and asks if it's a different object. It unintentionally sends the message of, "You must not have done it right, since I couldn't recognize it." Child has learnt that and follows the practice whenever she sees a photo of those gods. I speak English at home with the child and the other person too. When I speak English, I find that my pronunciation is same for all the similar sounding words mentioned above. I am an agnostic. I don't want my child to believe in God until she is 20 years old. Reason is that I believe that if the child below that age is repeatedly told by her elders to pray to god, that the god exists, and the god can punish them if they don't - then I think the child will follow what the elders say because of her lack of world experience and because of her trust in her elders. 

My cousin's daughter is now 3.5 years old. She still uses diapers all the time and does not tell ever that she needs to go to the toilet. 

And now my toddler is 2 years old and when I say - A for, she says ant, so on and so forth till W. I have found that child is more comfortable with Hindi words rather than the English. How to punish the toddler for "deliberately" throwing things out of balcony? 

Should I continue talking in English and pretend to be deaf and let her learn at her own pace when she grows up? So, the only authoritative answer I can give on the subject must come from personal observation and experience. I am the authority when it comes to language acquisition, lexical development, and verbal comprehension of my son, who is now 2.25 years of age. Here are examples of the things we can say to my son, where he has full comprehension and can perform the related tasks: Unfortunately, most studies done on lexical development and language acquisition that I have access to are done to study second language acquisition, and not native language acquisition. 

So, I joked to my wife the other day that she was getting macaroni art for mother's day. I suspect that if my son could not communicate so well with us, we would spend considerably more time failing to communicate than we would ever spend teaching him these simple concepts. The nature of this assertion, however, makes it nearly impossible to study scientifically. 

It's important to note that these are generalized developmental milestones, and not hard and fast timelines.