See Book Delta [W.D.Ross's translation of Aristotle’s Metaphysics (1924), from The Complete Works of Aristotle: The Revised Oxford Translation, edited by Jonathan Barnes (1984)] We instantiate 1) with Thought for y having: Based on [Engl.transl.,page 2] analysis of "current" (still quite incomplete) understanding of matter and bodies and of knowledge of only a few of their properties. In addition to AW Moore, The Infinite (1990), I suggest also Shaughan Lavine, Understanding the Infinite (1994). 5) ¬ (Body(x) & Possess(x,Thought)) We have here in play the concepts of an agent and of power, i.e. a capability to produce an effect [see Actuality and Potentiality for the key Aristotelian distinction, between potentiality (dunamis) and actuality (energeia)]. διάνοια (the second form : reasoning), Conclusion : Therefore, no body can possess the faculty of thought, See also: Stephen Gaukroger, The Metaphysics of Impenetrability: Euler's Conception of force (1982). In phil of math we "usually" speak of platonism, while in phil of other branches of science we prefer the term realism, which seems more "palatable" and less "ontological committed". That's not the case. You are somehow mixing together the first and the second incompleteness theorem and drawing a misleading conclusion. Briefly put: The second theorem proves that no consistent axiomatic system which includes Peano arithmetic (or stronger) can prove its own consistency. Or, as Gottfried Gabriel once put it: The way your source puts it, is very misleading. Logical empiricists had nothing against "metaphysical poetry". This seems to be a recurring misunderstanding. Indeed, according to logical empiricists, poetry is one of the best suited media to express "mystical longings". Long explanation (by Carnap himself) The whole point is clearly stated by Carnap in his paper on the "Elimination of metaphysics through logical analysis of language" (1932), esp. §7 "Metaphysics as expression of an attitude towards life": [In this connection the term "world view" ("Weltanschauung") is often used; we p refer to avoid it because of its ambiguity, which blurs the difference between attitude and theory, a difference which is of decisive importance for our analysis.] Furthermore (to rejoin other answers) the metaphysical questions on space and time are rarely about its existence, rather about its status: is space-time only relations between objects or events, or something more substantive (would it exist without any objects)? Can we account for the passage of time in a block universe, or is change an illusion, to be reframed in terms of different states at different locations in time? What does it imply for our understanding of causation, and the fact that most scientific explanations are causal and time-directed? Is the past hypothesis / entropy account enough to account for all kinds of scientific explanations, even when thermodynamics isn't obviously related? Or is there an intrinsic direction of time associated with "evolution" laws? Or are we merely recording regularities on the distribution of events in a block universe? Let us take an example from quantum mechanics: an electron can have no determinate position. Then it is true that all sentences of the form "this electron has such position" are determinate. Actually, they are all false. The linguistic principle is true, yet the ontological principle fails. One possible interpretation would be that in this case, our language is not adapted to reality (the appropriate language would be a language that would attribute a wave-function to the electron). Perhaps a proper language would restore determinacy in the case of electrons. However then determinacy is language-dependent: it does not mean much if our language is not adapted to the world; you'll end up with a bunch of false, but really uninformative sentences. Multiverses are also invoked in quantum mechanics to solve the measurement problem. The idea is that different possible measurement outcomes are instantiated in different worlds or branches. Following these theories the different worlds overlap in space: they are superpositions of states for the same physical "stuff" living in the same physical space. Creationism asserts something about the world that would explain our observations (it explains animal species by the hypothesis that God created animals as they are now some time ago). Similarly, string theory asserts something about the world that would explain our observations (that everything is constituted of strings at a fundamental level, which would explain all physical phenomena). This is a feature of scientific theories more generally: newtonian physics asserts that there are forces and masses to explain the movement of objects. The point of the demarcation problem is finding a criteria to sort out the assertions of this kind that can be called scientific or not. Finally there are other avenues for the one who wished to deny that future events are determinate. One can for example deny the principle of logical bivalence and add a new logical constant: indeterminate. One can also assume that truth is intrinsically tensed ('it will be true' cannot be translated into a tenseless, atemporal statement such as 'it is (atemporally) true at time t'), or that only the present (and maybe the past) exists. Even conflating time and the measure of time in a specific referential, the lesson you draw, that space and time are relative to a subject, might be a possible lesson but note that "subject" is not the same as "referential" nor "observer" in the sense of physicists (which really means referential anyway), so you'd have to argue a little more to convince that space and time are not "real". It's really unfortunate that physicists use the term " observer" because it brings confusion: any human observer (=subject) is free to use any coordinate system she wishes to describe the world. You say that space and time don't exist because of different referentials, but one should not confuse the topology, the metric and a coordinate system. Different referentials assign different space-time coordinates to events. But coordinates are not space or time, they are tools for making calculations. The lesson we should draw from this fact about the concepts of space and time is, again, open to inquiry. Then there are all the objections to the idea that we live in a computer simulation (which is just a modern variant of traditional scepticism). What kind of universe does this computer live in? A classical universe? If so, we are simulating a quantum world in a classical world, which is strongly inefficient (exponential calculation time). So it might be a quantum universe instead, but then the difference between being in a simulation, or being a part of that universe, is slim... Or maybe it is a third type of physics, but without spelling out what physics exactly, the proposal seems hard to evaluate and not very informative.