In the smaller setting, though, I find that he is more often interacting with all of the children - even the littler ones. I'm not sure why this is; whether a smaller group leads to it being easier to form relationships with all of them, perhaps because the larger group is overwhelming; or because a smaller group requires interacting with all of them from time to time; or something else. But it definitely leads to a more concrete social group rather than a bunch of small cliques or groups. 

One example of this is that when we go out for dessert, we let our almost-three year old choose to forgo dessert for a small toy (like a car) that is the same cost as the dessert we'd have bought him. This often works well, or at least without argument, when dessert is consumed at home or when the choice is made at the dessert place (where he often chooses the at-hand dessert). 

Both my wife and I believe in raising independent, self-sufficient children who have the emotional and intellectual tools to be successful. We don't believe in a discipline model that relies on parental authority, but in helping our children understand why they need to do what they need to do (whether it's going to bed on time, brushing teeth, not hitting, whatever). We believe that, other than in issues of safety or health, as much as possible they need to find out for themselves why they should or should not do things - with some guidance and suggestions, but ultimately fewer and fewer as they get older. 

How do you best approach (if, at all) teaching children in the late toddler to preschool age groups about responsibility - not responsibility as in doing chores (which we have a good handle on), but as in making choices that have meaningful consequences? 

What good solutions are there to helping him cope with his choice? Is this even a good idea at this age (34 months)? Are there better ways to teach meaningful choices that are more effective at learning? Or is this just one of the many difficult things you have to do as good parents? 

As such, what can we do to help our son here? He's not yet four years old, so it's unclear to me how well he can understand the difference between acting respectfully and respecting someone (in the sense of giving more weight to their opinions or requests based on your past relationship with them, for example). He's not a compliant child to begin with; his younger brother clearly is far more compliant, and will likely have much less trouble with this, but our three year old is already his own very independent person and very much likes to keep it that way. 

However, if he chooses the toy and then after that, Mom or Dad get dessert, he often will through a tantrum if he's not allowed to eat a significant portion of said dessert. The only solution we've found is to discard the dessert at that point, which doesn't really make anyone happy (but stops the tantrum). Reminding him about the toy doesn't seem to make a difference; he regrets his choice at that point. 

Edit: I talked with my wife about what the teacher referred to, and the specific behavior was "not complying quickly with requests", not talking back or challenging authority explicitly. IE, she will tell him, ", go over and do your bead work next", and he'll require several repetitions to actually go do it. This isn't all that different from getting dressed in the morning - except in how we handle it: we let him know what he's going to have time to do if he gets dressed now vs. if he takes until right before we leave to get dressed, and he typically chooses to dress quickly once he's awake enough to think coherently. 

So - I would suggest that a class of 8 is fine, as far as learning socialization goes, and if it is the better school otherwise, particularly with teacher:student ratio, it would be a good choice. 

We understand that, and also understand that in life you ultimately do need to learn when to respect authority - at least apparently: to act respectfully, at least. Whether or not you think the police officer pulling you over is targeting you because of your left-leaning bumper sticker, you still say "Yes, Officer, thank you". We definitely want him to have this experience (hence, not changing classes for this particular reason at least) for this reason - this won't be the only person in authority who expects him to respect her, and the earlier he learns, the better. 

My children (4 and 2.5) go to a morning preschool and afternoon daycare, and have both kinds of experiences. The morning preschool is large, 25 kids in the main class (Montessori style); the afternoon daycare is smaller, usually around 8 kids there. In the morning, while there are a lot of children there, my older child has only a couple of friends - most of the kids he doesn't really play with (when playing, of course they're doing work most of the day).