So, the code is currently trying to stop horizontal sliding on all code blocks but due to that bug it's failing and causing what's happening here, but you know what: Now that we don't have the collision with the Q&A tabs you should be able to horizontally scroll code blocks. 

Stack Overflow will go back to being agnostic in the next version update, thanks! 

Update: As of version 1.0.57 (coming out later today) this is fixed. You can now scroll horizontally on code blocks or tap on them to view them in the bigger view, and a minor swipe up or down while you're scrolling the code block won't cause a "jump" movement. 

As of version 1.0.6 we don't do our black-flickering hack on devices that are running below version 4.1 of the OS. 

Questions and answers were separated by tabs that you could swipe to switch between. As a result, trying to scroll a code block horizontally lead to a collision with the base view's horizontal scrolling for switching between the two. So, we made code blocks clickable to open them in a new overlay where this wouldn't be an issue. That's what the little triangle on the top right represents. 

I can take credit for breaking it, but not for fixing it - thanks Nick Craver! 

The sorting on the new users page appears to be incorrect - if it goes from left to right then top to bottom (which appears to be the case for most users), then in some cases the sorting is incorrect. 

The fix for this is in the fixed phase. 

This was indeed due to the account merge. 

Going forwards, such badges will be moved to the merge target. We have now also ran the queries backfilling such issues as your own. 

Looks like the flagged posts are much wider now, resulting in the sidebar not having enough space anymore. 

Where is it, and how is one supposed to mark a question as CW now? 

Thanks for reporting the typo. That's fixed and will be soon deployed. 

It looks like the Community Wiki checkbox is no longer appearing on the ask/edit question page, making it difficult to mark questions Community Wiki.