The answer to this question has nothing to do with Scrum or any other type of development method. It's a contractual issue. A fixed rate per individual plus a listing of tasks is a time and materials agreement. That means, every burned hour against a task to your product is your liability. However, it also means that you should be involved on a daily basis about those tasks instead of being surprised at invoice time. You have a seat at the table regarding what tasks should be performed and by whom because you are paying for it. If you don't like this type of risk, then establish a fixed price contract next time around. However, with a fixed price, you can expect to be charged on the higher side of the range in order to cover their risks of the unknowns. 

Define your processes. Organizations, projects, and teams with weak capabilities usually begin with a lack of definition. Define where a process begins, ends, inputs, outputs, the rules that govern it, where to find which piece of information about the process and in the process, roles including quantity and required skills, and tools. Document #1. Writing it down makes it real, enables everyone to know and understand it, and serves as intellectual capital. While doing #1 and #2, look for redundant processes, steps within a process that seem wasteful, similar outputs produced by two different processes that could be combined, and outputs no one is using anymore. Update #1 and #2 accordingly. Define roles. Organizations, projects, and teams with weak capabilities often times have ill defined roles -- lack of boundaries, lack of accountability and properly placed authority. A good structure to help define the role is BART: boundary, accountability, responsibility, and task. Document #4. Create a high performing team. This is a process and takes time. All new teams, no matter the brilliance of the individuals, are low performing, immature, and dysfunctional. It takes time with active interventions to build a cohesive team and a sense of collective success/failure. Assess the skills and strengths of the individuals on the team. Based on people's strengths, align them to the roles you defined in #4 to the degree possible. While the ultimate goal was likely given to you, let the team develop its own objectives and way to get there, keeping in mind #6. Celebrate successes early and often. Repeat steps 1 through 9. All this said, if I had two junior candidates where all else is equal, but one had a CAPM, that may tilt my decision, not because I think having that will make that person a better candidate but because maybe that says this person is a bit more hungry. But, again, this is if all else is equal, which had never happened to me in all my years of hiring. As a hiring manager, I believe these types of certificates have near zero predictive validity. However, as a seller of services, customers seem to respond to certificates so it becomes a criterion in order for me to sell. No customer in my experience has ever asked for a CAPM.