So spiking is legal only if the snap was not fumbled, unlike the NFL. Again, note the qualification "in flight". 

The NFL has banned calling two or more consecutive timeouts; I don't know if that would be more effective or not, but it would certainly be annoying to fans. 

Let me quote from the rule you have cited. Rule 10, Section 2, Article 1 of the NFL Rules: 

The NFL Official Casebook clarifies the issue. 

e. The passer to conserve time throws the ball directly to the ground (1) after the ball has already touched the ground; or (2) not immediately after controlling the ball. The rules make a special exception for the case of a kick holder, or else place kicks would be nearly impossible to execute. 

According to NFL.com's Freakonomics series, no. 

The key word is "airborne". Once the kick has bounced, it is no longer considered airborne. If the onside attempt is a "pooch" (short high kick), then even if no one signals for a fair catch the kicking team would be penalized if they interfered. By Section 1, Article 1, item 2: 

The NFL has no such rule, though. 

Because it's specifically permitted by the intentional grounding rule. The NCAA has a similar rule (rule 7, section 3, article 2 of the NCAA rules): Rule 8, section 2, article 1 of the NFL Rules: 

A recent Grantland article suggests that the only reason coaches still try icing is that from their standpoint, it's low-risk and high-reward. Everybody "knows" icing the kicker is what to do, so if they try and fail, it's no big deal, while if they try and succeed, they're "geniuses" – even though the data points more towards luck. Note that "airborne" and "in flight" are not explicitly clarified anywhere in the NFL rules that I can find. A high bouncing kick could be construed as airborne by the dictionary definition; in fact, the NCAA has recently made exactly this decision: This is why most onside kickers attempt to either roll the ball along the ground or kick it down hard so that it bounces high. A high bouncing kick is ideal, since the bouncing is likely to slow it down enough that the kicking team can get into position and block the receivers. (a) secures control of the ball in his hands or arms prior to the ball touching the ground; and The official statement was just released. The article points out a few rule clarifications. First, about gaining possession of the football: Next they present the rule for simultaneous catches: 

In some instances, teams will line up a defensive lineman as a fullback: 

Then in Article 2 (emphasis mine): 

Note: These options apply only if the ball has been beyond the line. 

1: Per the NFL Rule Book, Rule 8, Section 1, Article 1: 

This trend has continued on. The present day explanation of fullbacks: Reading between the lines, the league seems to be indicating the officials may have made an error in judgement, but the judgement wasn't grievous enough to be overturned. 

Any player who is deemed a runner is eligible to pass. This includes most offensive players except for the offensive line (i.e.: center, guards and tackles). Players would have to report in as eligible receivers in order to be considered eligible to pass. For example, if an offensive tackle report in as eligible, he could technically pass the ball (although this seems like an awful idea). 

So how hard is it to learn a playbook? At pee-wee through most colleges you will learn 80% of the playbook concepts in one week and be fine if you are average intellect. The hard part isn't learning the play. The hard part is remember your task on the play in question when you are out of breathe and just had your ass handed to you. I find that 90% of the "Responsibilities" errors come from mental mistakes of forgetting than it is from a player not knowing. And if a player doesn't know it is generally the coaches fault for playing him there - I would "quiz" my players all practices and throw them some booby trap play calls. So with the costs associated the only thing that compares with football is hockey. And hockey has three intrinsic advantages. It has younger player pool, it has a different in-game atmosphere, and a biggie is that Canada and the northern US is hockey crazy with little competition. (Note a fourth that was brought to my attention is that hockey rinks often are used almost 24/7 in the minors for ice time, adult leagues, ice shows, and so on) 

This trend has continued on. The present day explanation of fullbacks: 

(a) secures control of the ball in his hands or arms prior to the ball touching the ground; and 

So once the ball passes the line of scrimmage, the ball can only be handed or passed backward, never forward. But behind the line of scrimmage, the hand off can be forward or back and it is not considered a forward pass. This is why a muffed hand off results in a fumble rather than an incomplete pass. Additionally, a muffed backward pass is considered a fumble as per Rule 8, Section 7. (a) the ball initially moves forward (to a point nearer the opponent’s goal line) after leaving the passer’s hand(s); or This is where it technically gets a little fuzzy, since the phrase "hand off" rarely appears directly in the rules outside of citing examples. It does say in Rule 3, Section 27, Article 2 Also note that if a ball is fumbled behind the line of scrimmage, an offensive lineman could pick up the ball and commit a forward pass. But again, this seems like a terrible idea. If the offense attempts a field goal before fourth down and misses, the ball is turned over to the defending team. Rule 11, Section 4, Article 2 of the NFL rulebook: 

NFL.com just put out an article discussing the statement by the NFL on the play. The author mentions that the NFL doesn't overtly say the officials made the right call and there wasn't sufficient evidence to overturn the initial ruling: