Lastly, there are also technical aspects (e.g. tire pressure) that have already been covered (heltonbiker) The "sharpening a knife" sound you describe is likely the rotor lightly touching the brake pad (as mentioned in @Jackson's answer). This can happen if the rotor slightly is out-of-true (i.e., slightly warped) and the caliper isn't perfectly aligned. The sound can also come and go depending on how warm the rotor is. As you add heat the rotor (e.g., from braking) this can cause any out-of-true deflection to be more pronounced causing it to touch the brake pad with more force and hence a more pronounced sound. In terms of you only hearing the noise at speed, you may have braked earlier adding heat which increased the rotor deflection. When you hear the sound, stop, spin your rear wheel and look to see if the rotor is running true or has a deflection. What follows is a more detailed explanation. Alternate Answer As a completely alternate answer that indirectly address your original question... Some Suggestions My suggestion (confirm with your coach) would be to try a variety of positions (the two you found pictures of is a good starting point), but stick to one aero position per interval effort. Then in each successive effort try a different posture. This will let you get a feel for how your body works. So what advantages does rear suspension provide? Depending on the suspension design, the rear suspension can also improve braking as the rear tire is in better contact with the ground. (Although in some suspension designs braking can negatively affect rear suspension performance and therefore traction.) What about hard tail? To compensate for lack of rear suspension travel you need to use your legs more. You should be riding above the saddle more often than with a full suspension bike. For example, if you are pedalling over roots or rocks you need to learn to pedal while hovering over the saddle. This lets the bike move over the terrain, maintaining traction and forward momentum. You will never be able to ride in a perfectly straight line, so get over it or avoid sand. Rather you need to let the bike move and shift around under you. You will need to stay loose and relaxed while making sure to have a firm grip. You can't force the bike or it will skid out. Rather your job is to look ahead and guide the bike in the general direction you want to go. You also need to avoid sudden jarring movements. If you have ridden in dry snow, the feeling is quite similar. In all likelihood your coach is trying to give you some training time in this type of position. The exact aero position chosen will likely not matter too much, as long as you have a closed body position so you can train muscle recruitment and stabilizers.