(I'll try and post a less overtly biased and editorialized answer. We'll see how it flies...) Yes. MSNBC on Wikipedia has a large section on "criticism and controversy" including liberal bias. NBC and the NYT aren't cable news channels. 

Yes, see the section referenced above (namely the suspensions of personalities that were donating to political campaigns). Basing gun ownership rights on mental health state is controversial because mental illness is still a stigma in our society and as most are illnesses are on a spectrum, often subjective as to severity. It could also encourage people to purposefully avoiding seeking treatment for their mental illness. 

Is that actually the case? Or is that the GOP attempting to market to a particular political mindset more so than the other party? Does the actual Libertarian party affiliate with one of the two major parties more than the other? The entirety of the second amendment is: Basing gun ownership rights on the watch list is controversial because the watch list is often incorrect. 

It's a double entendre as it refers to a sex act/prank as well. Libertarians have a platform that overlaps parts of both primary parties, but tend to prioritize the platform items that overlap with the GOP more so than the ones that overlap with the DNC. 

Libertarians feel the Republican Party is more maleable to their own ideals and easier to enact change within. 

A generic way to define a libertarian in the US could be 'fiscally conservative, socially liberal'. The term 'Libertarian' is fuzzy, and the ones that find the GOP appealing are merely adhering to one definition of libertarianism in the US and don't represent all libertarians. 

UPDATE: It appears some contest the statement that the Tea Party is primarily affiliated with the Republican Party. It's not necessarily germane to the question, but did offer some context as to where the Tea Party sits on the US political spectrum. That statement is based on the fact that of the 100+ US Politicians that claim affiliation with the Tea Party Movement, all are Republican. In addition, of the 66 members of the Tea Party Caucus in Congress, all were republican. As for supporters, per a Gallup poll, "Tea Party supporters are decidedly Republican". The nomination and approval process takes time. Hence the holdover in the interim. The term 'teabagger' is slang (typically used in the pejorative sense) to refer to those that associate themselves with the Tea Party, which is a movement primarily (but not exclusively) associated with the Republican Party in the United States. On the one hand, they do--at least indirectly. For example, a politician can, and often does, becomes a lobbyist on K-Street. This is called revolving door politics and they've either avoided making laws to prevent this, or made sure the laws they do make have enough leeway and loopholes to not really impact this 'tradition'. Another example is laws they've passed to make themselves immune to insider trading laws. 

The reason the 'holdover' is of the same party affiliation as the outgoing president is because the outgoing president is the one that nominated them. So, to answer the question: no, there are no real restrictions regarding the size or type of firearm directly under the second amendment. There are restrictions that were created afterwards and codified into various laws. 

Yes, see the section referenced above. 

There are some regulations out there codified in law. For example, The National Firearms Act does put some restrictions on certain weapons and accessories such as machine guns and silencers. Given that the two major parties (GOP and DNC) tend to (again, speaking generically) be diametrically opposed to each other on both of those broad categories of issues, why does it appear that Libertarians tend to side more with the GOP? It does not define "well regulated Militia". It does not define "security of a free State". It does not define "Arms" or even what "shall not be infringed" encompasses. 

Many positions in the federal government at that level require senate confirmation. Trump has nominated Jeff Sessions for the AG role. If the party doesn't change between presidents, there's not necessarily an as-strong-of desire to replace them. 

So, some random theories. Are any of these valid? Based on merely these 2 isolated examples (Fox News and CNBC) one could argue they are. But it's going to be a matter of opinion. Remember Wikipedia doesn't write any articles. People do. So if you feel something is wrong, edit it. As such, it's an amendment that has been argued back and forth for a long time and likely will continue to be argued back and forth for some time to come. What the amendment does and does not pertain to is decided in court cases, for the most part. 

On the other hand, they don't really have to. Most politicians are already wealthy. One needs a certain amount of wealth to typically enter national politics. For example, the average net worth of a senator is well into the millions. Upon leaving office, there's also plenty of opportunities to increase one's wealth. Typical positions in addition to lobbyists would be highly paid consultants, board members on large corporations, 'think tank' members, or even just well paid speaker circuit 'celebrities'.