I think it unwise to assume, for example, that this man was a nonbeliever (similar to Simon Magus in Acts 8:9 ff.) and a "Lone Ranger" who was performing miracles without Jesus' sanction. Jesus could very well have sanctioned him to perform these miracles. Moreover, as I've suggested above, Jesus seems to have assumed that since the man performed miracles "in Jesus' name," that he was indeed "one of us"--meaning the Twelve and all his other disciples, even if John did not recognize him as such. 

The answer to your question is really quite simple. God said that what He created was very good indeed (or really good, or better than good) prior to the fall of man and woman. but it was certainly a foundational truth. Peter's confession and the testimony of the early apostles were all foundational, essential truths. Christ, however, IS the foundation upon which the whole superstructure of the temple of God rests. 

BAPTISM INTO CHRIST BY THE HOLY SPIRIT Their cries (taken from Hosea 10:8 and repeated in Revelation 6:16) reflect their panic, helplessness, and hopelessness in the face of "the wrath of the Lamb." Remarkably enough, however, they will still not repent and turn to God (Revelation 9:20, 21); rather, they will plead for a quick end to their suffering through death. 

Jesus was speaking prophetically of what would occur to His people Israel--not just women--in both AD 70, when the Roman general Titus sacked Jerusalem, and in an unspecified time when the whole world, including Israel, would experience the wrath of God during the Great Tribulation, which is described in detail in the Revelation of Jesus Christ. TWO. Prior to God's making for Adam a "helper suitable for him" (Genesis 2:18), God brought all the critters He had made to Adam and gave him the assignment of naming all the animals. Interestingly (but certainly not coincidentally), among the perhaps tens of thousands of animals Adam named, he found not one "helper suitable for him" (2:20). 

As Chuck Missler has observed, however, these connections and interrelationships between the so-called "Old Testament" and the "New Testament" have been systematically glossed over by Bible interpreters in general as they "abandoned [the Church's] Jewish heritage and understanding." The analogy Jesus uses is phrased in chiastic form (i.e., A-B-B-A, or A-B-B'-A', a form of inverted parallelism). In other words, in the form of a Miller's analogy, holy is to dogs which turn and tear you to pieces, as pearls are to swine who trample (i.e., holy:dogs that tear::pearls:swine that trample). The inference Paul draws from this mystery is that the roles of husband and wife in marriage are not arbitrarily assigned, but are rooted in the distinctive roles of Christ and His church. . . .. According to traditional Protestant theology (to which I subscribe), Peter's confession was the rock upon which Christ would build His church. This rock was not the foundation, as Paul reminds us in 1 Corinthians 3:11, where we read 

With this concept of self-denial and cross-bearing in mind, Jesus said in each Gospel, Was the added knowledge which came from an act of disobedience worth it? No, but God has the last word, and that word is good, not evil. In the matter of reaping and sowing (see Galatians 6:7-8), there is bound to be unpleasant fallout. God was not, as you suggest, "on Sarah's side" in the matter of Hagar and Ishmael. In a sense, Sarah was behaving quite naturally, since she was guarding zealously the rights and privileges accruing to her son by virtue of his status as the heir apparent. You can rest assured that Abraham expressed his outrage to his wife Sarah for being so heartless and unfair. Elsewhere in the Gospels, prior to sending his disciples out two by two, Jesus encouraged them to "shake the dust off their feet" as they left a town if the townspeople would neither receive them nor listen to what they had to say (see Matthew 10:14; Mark 6:11; and Luke 9:5). FIVE. Scripture then goes on to tells us, This evidence takes many forms, and not just in obvious ways such as violence, wars, genocide, widespread injustice, and sexual immorality, but also in not-so-obvious ways, as in godless ideologies and worldviews, corrupt and repressive governments, and much more. 

The reason for the NET's approach to the verse is that the NET's translators are perhaps thinking of a man, an earthly king known as Cyrus the Great, who would be an instrument in the hand of the Lord God to defeat the Chaldeans/Babylonians who had held Israel in captivity for 70 years. Because he is a thrice-holy God, he also experiences anger, also referred to as "the wrath of God" (e.g., Romans 1:18). There is nothing capricious, vindictive, hateful, or random about God's wrath. While his patience with his fallen masterpieces (i.e., us!) when compared to our human patience is seemingly infinite, it does come to an end, and subsequently is expressed righteously, energized with both holiness and justice. In other words, "daughters of Jerusalem" is a synecdoche: a part (daughters) for the whole (Israel). Whether the women Jesus was addressing were hired mourners or actual disciples of Jesus whose tears and gestures were heartfelt, Jesus' words to them had a double significance. In other words, the repetition of "two or three," whether in the context of church discipline (viz., one-on-one; two or three on one; one singular--the sinned against person--and one plural--the entire congregation--on one--the sinner), or in the context of binding, loosing, agreeing in prayer, and finally, meeting together in Jesus' name, all those repetitions are simply, in context, a continuation of what came before and what comes after. In discursive fashion, then, we have the following themes: