There is this other question with an answer that touches on the Great Tribulation as it is viewed in LDS eschatology, but I would like to ask more specifically about the situation on earth during the Great Tribulation: 

Based on the accepted answer to this question, it looks like Mormons believe that 

What physical events do Mormons believe will happen before or during the Great Tribulation? In what sense will it be a "Great Tribulation" - is this mostly symbolic or are there spiritual or physical (e.g. economical) reasons that warrant the label "Great Tribulation"? Do Mormons have any official beliefs on how long the Great Tribulation is expected to last? 

This is about two questions to Mormons about Daniel 2:44. This passage records Daniel explaining the conclusion of a sequence of events in the then distant future to King Nebuchadnezzar, as follows: 

Is the Heavenly Father the same as Elohim? If not, is Elohim same as Jesus or another person? Is Holy Ghost another individual, a separate person from Heavenly Father? Is Heavenly Mother same as Mary (Jesus earthly mother)? Do Mormons direct their prayers only to Heavenly Father or also to Jesus? 

The reality, however, is that he won't keep all the commandments, because he will choose not to. 

I should point out that the Great Apostasy was not just about loss of knowledge. It was just as much about loss of authority. No longer did a man on the earth have the power to say "Thus saith the Lord", to speak scripture, to hold the "keys of the kingdom of heaven", and to enact in heaven that which was done on earth. 

The coming of Jesus Christ ended the shedding of blood. Instead of animals, sacrifices to God were to be of a broken heart and a contrite spirit. (3 Nephi 9:19) Thus we see that God is able to change his own commandments. 

In reality, emergency preparedness is much less dramatic. For all the decades Mormons have stressed preparedness, there's still no apocalypse. 

Prayer -- Man prays directly to God in the name of Christ, not through priests or saints. 

Note in the above scripture, "...ye shall be even as I am, and I am even as the Father, and the Father and I are one." 

1 Jeffery R Holland, He That Hath Seen Me Hath Seen The Father, Ensign, 2003 

We know it is impossible to be exalted without being married and sealed, so there is obvious significance to the sexes being reunited. 

Unless I am mistaken, it seems to me that the Mormon definition of the Terrestrial Kingdom (the second highest kingdom of glory) is essentially identical to mainstream Christianity's definition of Heaven: 

Mason's answer is excellent, but I'm one of those mormons who tends to give it to people straight. 

Short Answer: Over the course of 7 years by a committee of Apostles, Oxford Scholars, professional editors, computer experts, and many other contributers form both inside and outside the Church. 

These students ignorantly assume that they can beat the system by adhering to the letter of the law, assuming that the courts in heaven emulate courts of men. God's justice invokes the spirit of the law, there are no loopholes.