Great question! I'm sure it was a miracle because John would not have bothered to mention the locked doors otherwise. 

Doubting Thomas said it well in his comment: "Jesus was just elaborating on God's Commandments from the OT; revealing their true meaning.". In that spirit, here's my elaboration. 

So how did Jesus just appear in a different location? Well, this is not the only time in Scripture this has happened: 

Apparently, the story s a funny scenario consisting of a humourous exchange between Jesus and Nathanael. Here's the text, from a reader of The Straight Dope: 

So how did it happen? Jesus clearly had a physical body: 

Whether Jesus Himself in His resurrected body could perform miracles by Himself (which I suspect) or whether The Holy Spirit did it for Him, the conclusion must be - it was a miracle. 

Summary: yes the throne has wheels to symbolise that God is with His people, even when they are not near the temple. But, no, they are not literal. God is speaking to Ezekiel in a vision which he and the people he preached it to would immediately understand and draw comfort from. 

Furthermore, we also read that Jesus also could suddenly disappear (Luke 24:31): 

Finally, God had previously to deal with men not trusting His promise but taking matters into their own hands. 

* There's a lesson in this for all of us: we cannot expect God to be predictable and solve our problems in the same way He always has done. He's in the business of making things new! 

David Pawson has an interesting answer, referring to a similar vision in Ezekiel 1. First, bear in mind that the Israelites were at that time in captivity in Babylon. Then: 

In Matthew 5:21-48, there are six it has been said statements: 

Here's an off-the-wall take on the whole event. I'm not sure what to make of it but I'll throw it out there to get community reaction. 

I look to the Amplified version for questions like this. It says, 

The section you quote contains the answer: because Moses did not believe. He was told to "tell the rock... to yield its water" but instead he struck the rock twice, apparently believing God's command to be insufficient. He expected God to act in exactly the same way as He had before*, but God apparently wanted to reveal His power to Moses in a new way. 

See the above verses or the full chapter for more. 

So, Jesus is talking about the powers of hell. 

Furthermore, the ‘eyes’ on the rims of the wheels tell us that God can see everything, everywhere. It’s a very meaningful picture. No wonder Ezekiel was overwhelmed with the vision and fell to the ground. 

For more information see this page which quotes directly from David Pawson's Unlocking the Bible Omnibus. 

In each case, Jesus says a little word, "but", and then goes one huge step further. Just to take the last one as an example: 

As the leader, Moses was being watched. When Moses did not believe, this could easily lead to lack of belief amongst the Israelites, which had been a problem before. 

12 Both cleansed leprosy. From Moses’ time no one that was Jewish was cleansed until Jesus came (Numb.12:10-16, Mk.1:40-41). This is a very significant factor that proves Jesus was the prophet Moses spoke of, since no other cured one of the brethren of this disease from Moses' time. 

In 1 Peter 2, Peter himself refers to Christ as the Rock: 

The Nakedness was not merely physical in nature 

20 Both Moses and Jesus reflected and shown the glory of God. Moses reflected his glory temporarily. (Ex.34:29-35; 2 Cor.3:7-14) Jesus at the transfiguration, his face shown brighter than the sun revealing his true nature (Mt.17:2; Jn.1:14) 

8 Both Moses and Jesus were reared in the house that was not their natural parents. (Moses in the house of Pharaoh (Ex.2:10) Jesus by Mary the mother of his humanity and his stepfather Joseph. 

17 Both had a face to face relationship with God unlike any other person. Moses (Ex.33:9-11, Deut.34:10; Numb.12:7-8) Jesus was with God=face to face from eternity (Jn.1:1,18) 

It is referring to Amniotic fluid, at least according to the sermons we hear in our Baptist Church. 

The wicked are also ‘rewarded’, but this article concerns itself solely with the ‘good’ rewards’. 

For after all these things do the Gentiles seek,.... Or "the nations of the world", as in Luke 12:30. The Syriac reads it so here: the phrase, "the nations of the world", is used of the Gentiles, in distinction from the Israelites, thousands of times in the Jewish writings; it would be endless to give instances. These knew not God, nor acknowledged his providence; the greater part of them thought, that the soul perished with the body; few of them thought, that anything remained after death; and they that did, spoke very doubtfully of it: wherefore it is no wonder, that such persons should greedily seek after, and be anxiously concerned for all these things, food, raiment, and riches, and a great plenty of them; since this is all the happiness they expect; and imagine, that this is to be acquired by their care, thought, diligence, and industry; having no regard to a superior being, and his all wise providence: but for the Jews, and so Christians, who have a divine revelation, the knowledge of God, and his providence, and of a future state after this life, to act the same part the Heathens do, is exceedingly unbecoming, absurd, and wicked: and besides, such greedy desires, immoderate care, and anxious solicitude, are altogether unnecessary;