All the Books of the New Testament, as they are commonly received, we do receive, and account them Canonical. Wikipedia says that the Chicago Manual of Style specifies a colon while MLA style specifies a period, but only a tiny fraction of Bible verse references would be from people strictly following either style. More relevant to Biblical studies and theology, the SBL Handbook of Style uses colons. Of the Names and Number of the Canonical Books The Bible is currently being translated into thousands of languages, so the number is always changing. The Bible is also usually published in stages, so there are more languages with part of the Bible than the whole Bible. Of the Sufficiency of the holy Scriptures for salvation Translation projects are current active in 2422 languages Many scholars think the Hebrew text behind the Septuagint is more likely to have been the original, and the Masoretic's longer text was developed from it. I've heard it suggested that the origin of the differences may actually be explained in the text itself: Jeremiah 36 describes the destruction of a scroll containing Jeremiah's oracles which he then rewrites. Jeremiah also uses two messengers, Baruch and Seraiah, to carry his messages to different directions. So the two versions of Jeremiah could have both been written by him, but at different times for different people. which are the third and fourth books of Esdras; the books of Tobit, Judith, Wisdom, Jesus Sirach, Baruch; what was added to the Story of Esther; the Song of the Three Children in the Furnace; the Story of Susannah; the Story of Bel and the Dragon; the Prayer of Manasseh; and the two books of Maccabees. But, in particular, The Hebrew original of the OT which we have received and to this day do retain as handed down by the Hebrew Church, “who had been given the oracles of God” (Rom 3:2), is, not only in its consonants, but in its vowels either the vowel points themselves, or at least the power of the points not only in its matter, but in its words, inspired by God. It thus forms, together with the Original of the NT the sole and complete rule of our faith and practice; and to its standard, as to a Lydian stone, all extant versions, eastern or western, ought to be applied, and wherever they differ, be conformed. To be honest this is a lot more than I expected! Perhaps the biggest textual difference in terms of text size (but not theology) is Jeremiah. The version of Jeremiah we are used to comes from the Masoretic text, but the text in the Septuagint is one eighth shorter! The Dead Sea Scrolls has evidence for a Hebrew version of the Septuagint's text showing that the differences weren't created by its translators. This may be a bad basis for faith, but on some level it is simply easier to reject all of the competing recent theories and hold fast to tradition. (The Gordian Knot approach.) It is referring to Amniotic fluid, at least according to the sermons we hear in our Baptist Church. Given that not all Christians agree on what is to be taken literally, or on the inerrancy of Scripture, there is a wide variety of views on the entire origins debate. Certainly, some Christians believe in proto-humans. Jesus appealed to Scripture when correcting false doctrine stating, "You are mistaken, not understanding the Scriptures nor the power of God," (NASB, Matt. 22:29). To answer the other question, there are a whole range of beliefs that Christians hold - from Young-Earth Creationism to Old-Earth Creationism, theistic evolution, and full belief in evolution. Some Christians really just see the Biblical account as allegorical - just a story, but believe in the less "outlandish" things in the Bible. Since He considered it to be inspired by God, He considered it authoritative. He considered it to be divinely inspired: When confronted by Satan, Jesus appealed to the Old Testament as a source of authority by stating, "It is written," (Matt. 4:4, 7, 10). Yes. Christianity is the faith in the God of the Bible. If we believe in a god, any God other than the God defined in the Bible, then by definition, we are following a god that either we made up to suit ourselves, or one made up by men. Either way it's called idolatry.