Source: A.S.Esmonde Cleary, 'The Ending of Roman Britain' Finally, I believe that the children were looked after by relatives and trusted servants but, although there are a number of references in the chronicles about the relationship between Henry and his children, I can’t find anything about Matilda/Edith as a parent. Do we know anything about her as a mother? Illustrations were sometimes a commentary on the text but without knowing what that text is, interpretation of the illustration in the question above is all but impossible (if any interpretation was intended in the first place). However, I'll stick my neck out and venture some possibilities.. Were the animals cited in the sources really so much smaller (on average) than they are today? Was the same true for other farm animals such as chickens and pigs? As for breathing in toilet smells, I can only guess that they thought that this would mean you wouldn’t be breathing in the plague – but why toilet smells specifically? It doesn't fit with miasma theory. It may seem strange that Christian soldiers (knights or otherwise) at times fought for Muslim rulers, but we should be careful not to look at relationships between Christians and Muslims from the modern perspective. Although it is true that Christian soldiers were usually used when Muslim rulers were fighting each other rather than fighting Christians, the early spread of Islam into Christian lands was often welcomed as a relief from Byzantine rule for Muslim rulers tended to be tolerant. As Jane Smith notes: Prior to the invention of artillery, and breech-loading and automatic rifles, very little death is dealt out during the main course of most battles. Battles were about slowly eroding the endurance and will of the opponent, so that they were the first to decide that the legs were too weak to power a blow, and the arms too tired to hold the shield up or parry. At that point the opponent has lost morale and breaks; and the pursuit begins. Over the course of a long or large battle, both sides typically would have opportunities to rout, and inflict significant casualties on, small portions of the other side during this jockeying for advantage. Update: There is also an economic element to providing a variety of flavours of religious service even within a nearly mono-religious culture. As today, there are those who enjoy a slow-paced midmorning mass complete with choral accompaniment, and those who prefer a quick early-morning mass with minimal sermon and no hymns. Those who prefer the full pageantry of a service performed for, if not by, the resident Bishop, and those who prefer a smaller service with well-known friends and colleagues instead of all the riff-raff of the city. A multitude of buildings and service times enable the clergy of a large city to cater an equal number of tastes and preferences. Were the animals cited in the sources really so much smaller (on average) than they are today? Was the same true for other farm animals such as chickens and pigs? Illustrations were sometimes a commentary on the text but without knowing what that text is, interpretation of the illustration in the question above is all but impossible (if any interpretation was intended in the first place). However, I'll stick my neck out and venture some possibilities.. According to Brittanica.com, the participants of at least one of these groups took the Crusader's vow, and this vow was recognized as valid by the church, but it is not clear whether this recognition was at the time of the crusade or at some later point. Judging by the exquisite artwork found on early medieval manuscripts, the reason could not have been for lack of talent. Granted, this is a different kind of art but there is no reason, I think, why skilled portrait artists could not have flourished had there been a demand for them. S. Lane-Poole The Moors in Spain Concerning the comments (understandably) doubting the accuracy of 'breathing in toilet smells', I found the following passage in L. C. Slavicek's The Black Death See also the dates covered in 'The Post-Medieval Period Research Agenda' by Richard Newman and Robina McNeil It may seem strange that Christian soldiers (knights or otherwise) at times fought for Muslim rulers, but we should be careful not to look at relationships between Christians and Muslims from the modern perspective. Although it is true that Christian soldiers were usually used when Muslim rulers were fighting each other rather than fighting Christians, the early spread of Islam into Christian lands was often welcomed as a relief from Byzantine rule for Muslim rulers tended to be tolerant. As Jane Smith notes: