This is Tegmark's short formulation of the "mathematical universe" (paraphrased by detractors as "reality made of math"), and he goes out of his way to stress that he means the "is" literally:"Whereas the customary terminology in physics textbooks is that the external reality is described by mathematics, the MUH [mathematical universe hypothesis] states that it is mathematics (more specifically, a mathematical structure)". Deutsche gives a related physical Church-Turing thesis, roughly "every physical process is realizable on a Turing machine", although he is a bit more cautious. 

Daniel Holz writes on a popular science blog Cosmic Variance:"The Copernican principle is a guiding foundation of cosmology. In short, it states that we are not in a privileged place in the Universe. A “random” observer will see the same Universe that we do." He further writes "Now suppose I told you I had a model which explained all of the observations, was based on general relativity, and appealed to no mysterious dark energy component... There’s one important caveat, however. The void model throws out the homogeneity and isotropy assumption. The Universe is now spherically symmetric, with a big hole in the middle. Even worse, we happen to be very, very close to the center of the hole." 

There are two related major differences between Locke and Hume, their focus and their conception of science. Locke's is focused on the knowledge new experimental science provides, he is interested in the epistemologically clarifying the status of this knowledge, but he largely takes most of it for granted (e.g. he accepts Newton's corpuscular theory at face value). Locke even paraphrased the medieval "philosophy is the handmaiden of theology" into "philosophy is the handmaiden of the sciences". Hume's focus, on the other hand, is first on the human nature, specifically human reason, itself. It is it that he wishes to subject to the "scientific method" first, and then decide what it is that science can and can not provide, and how what it does provide is to be properly understood. 

Locke amends the Aristotelian "scientia", as a collection of necessary truths connected by syllogisms, into something friendlier to the experimental approach, but he still retains it as an ideal attainable say in Euclidean geometry. It is just the limitations of human senses in their penetration into the "real essences" that prevent us from attaining this ideal: 

Still, even with the imperfect sensory input our "innate capacity to reason" produces contingent but probable knowledge worthy of the name, and it is there that Locke's natural philosophy breaks with Aristotle. 

But all is not as circular as it appears. The catch is that even the strictest of mechanical determinists typically applied their determinism to the experiments they conduct, not to their ability to conduct them, even though their determinism dictates that they may not be able to conduct them at will. If they applied their determinism consistently to themselves as well (which is what Bell calls "superdeterminism"), then it becomes not only empirically unfalsifiable, but also vacuous: no counterfactual can ever be tested because all setups are pre-arranged. So what Bell's inequalities bring into sharp relief is that one can not be a determinist about nature without also being a determinist about their ability to "interrogate" it, in Galileo's word. And that determinism is highly implausible to a point of fantastic for the reason mentioned by Bell, it requires "deep entanglement", fine tuned correlations between vastly distant regions of the universe, correlations that eventually force spatially remote experimenters to make one measurement rather than another. In practice (that is applied to anything other than dubiously to the universe as a whole), environmental decoherence will quickly wipe out any such correlations. 

But as a first reading I recommend Phenomenology, Logic, and the Philosophy of Mathematics by Tieszen, a contemporary phenomenologist of mathematics. He gives a general introduction and presents detailed examples of applying phenomenology to mathematical subjects. He also describes the work of mathematicians who credited Husserl as their inspiration, notably Weyl and Gödel, and connections between phenomenology and philosophies of mathematics, particularly Frege's logicism and Brouwer's and Weyl's intuitionism. 

But Quine does not dismiss metaphysics as such, he credits it as a useful tool for organizing our knowledge conceptually. For example, in On What There Is he writes that "physical conceptual scheme simplifies our account of experience because of the way myriad scattered sense events come to be associated with single so-called objects". However, it is the "phenomenalistic" scheme that "claims epistemological priority. Viewed from within the phenomenalistic conceptual scheme, the ontologies of physical objects and mathematical objects are myths. The quality of myth, however, is relative; relative, in this case, to the epistemological point of view".