[...] I want to say: one need not acknowledge the Russellian technique of calculation at all -- and can prove by means of a different technique of calculation that there must be a Russellian proof of the proposition. But in that case, of course, the proposition is no longer based upon the Russellian proof. 

And since every definition is a negation, as Spinoza put it, let us end with Husserl's delineation of the tasks of mathematics and philosophy: 

To approach fluid continuum we need to commit Brouwer’s “second act of intuitionism” and introduce lawless choice sequences that reflect the fluidity of intuitive continuum. In Philosophy of Mathematics and Natural Science (1949) Weyl explains: “the notion of sequence changes its meaning: it no longer signifies a sequence determined by some law or other, but rather one that is created step by step by free acts of choice, and thus remains in statu nascendi. This ‘becoming’ selective sequence represents the continuum, or the variable, while the sequence determined ad infinitum by a law represents the individual real number falling into the continuum. The continuum no longer appears, to use Leibniz’s language, as an aggregate of fixed elements but as a medium of free ‘becoming’”. This is how intuitionistic points only exist "potentially", in Weyl's view unlike Brouwer's, points in the lawless part of the continuum can not even be individuated. [...] But why exactly does the kinematic interpretation fail to meet modern standards of rigor? This is a difficult and fascinating question. For now, however, I shall simply hazard the suggestion that the difference between the iterative infinity involved in Euclidean constructions and the stronger use of infinity involved in limit operations plays a central role here. In Euclidean geometry we specify the objects of our investigation — circles, straight lines, and any figures constructible from them-by a well — defined iterative or "inductive" procedure... By contrast, in the fluxional calculus we have no such specification: no step-by-step procedure (nor any other precisely defined method) for constructing all fluents or "fliessende Grissen" has been given. Similarly, our temporal representation of the limit operation does not proceed by repeated application of previously given functions: each new limit has to be constructed "on the spot," as it were. This, in the end, is perhaps the most fundamental advantage of the Cauchy-Bolzano-Weierstrass definition of convergence." He did not write it anywhere. The quote itself only calls Gödel and Skolem "alleged proponents", and later in the article Eklund remarks that "the (supposed) evidence that Skolem adhered to first-order logic is that Skolem held that set theory and arithmetic should be given first-order axiomatizations, whereas... evidence that Gödel adhered to first-order logic is the (alleged) fact that Godel insisted on a first-order metalanguage" (p.151), and proceeds to dispute even this limited evidence. He mentions Gödel-Zermelo correspondence of 1931 as the alleged source, and remarks that "neither Moore nor Shapiro provides us with any quotation from the Gödel-Zermelo correspondence showing it to be the case that Godel there did insist on a first-order metalanguage" (p.158). Reliance on proof as the standard of truth explains another of its characteristic features, demand for precision of definitions and arguments beyond that of natural language or even science, and the mathematical rigor. The rigor ensures that mathematics is logically transparent, precision and certainty of conclusions are exactly the the same as those of the assumptions, nothing is added in the middle. It also insures that it is highly sensitive to detail, no contradiction however minute is tolerated due to the law of explosion, and therefore highly testable. A 1993 article by Jaffe and Quinn about the nature of mathematics, its current state and relation to physics, and the role of proof and rigor in it, ignited a debate that offers great insight into modern perspectives. See the responses by several prominent mathematicians. 

This is now well understood in mathematical model theory. Peano arithmetic admits non-standard models, for example, with "infinite" numbers, despite the induction axiom suggesting that they are not there. How does this happen? There is no way to distinguish between "finite" and "infinite" numbers in first order logic, so whether they are there or not is "insignificant" as far as arithmetical properties are concerned. 

While the construction is in process there will also be some more or less determinate protentions (which are similar to expectations—but only roughly, see below) at any stage about how it will unfold and about its completion. In the case at hand this is completely determinate. It is clear that this will be a lawlike or rule-governed becoming. The future course of experience is fixed: it is simply the iteration of successor." 

QUESTION: So was Plato misapplying his philosophy, and in itself it does not lead to his conclusions about the mathematical practice? Or is Platonist self-identification a misnomer, and mathematicians are really sympathetic to some other kind of idealism? Were the motion and mathematical constructions discussed in the context of Platonism post-Renaissance? Can consistent Platonism be reconciled with modern mathematics at all? Newton and Leibniz were more circumspect, however. Leibniz did contemplate actual infinity of existents, see Leibniz’s Actual Infinite by Arthur, but he was sufficiently impressed by Aristotelian arguments not to collect them into totalities like Cantor. Recent scholarship shows that Leibniz (as Fermat before him) treated infinitesimals as "useful fictions" (his wording), like Cardano's imaginary numbers, but not as purely nominal fictions of today, see Leibniz's Infinitesimals by Katz and Sherry: