[A shameless plug warning] However, while I find that kind of speculation attractive, I believe the thought experiments he employs to argue for the principle of organizational invariance are not convincing - and I argue for it in Yet Another Objection to Fading and Dancing Qualia. EDIT Dec 6th - in response to Dave's comments: 

What the problems in the argument are, and why it is overlooked, are two different questions. 

and the class of effectively computable functions (p. 15) (note that effectively does not mean efficiently): So far I failed to make even one of them realise that there is something in their inner experience that cannot conceivably be reproduced/simulated by a Turing machine. But if that is so, then we can think of a relation between physical and mental in which the mental does not nomologically supervene on the physical. 

EDIT - you wrote "The expert meditator is also philosopher of the highest order, he's also a top notch phenomenologist, and has absolute mastery over mental experiences", and I offered Wittgenstein, and now that I stumbled on a particular passage I could not resist pasting it here as an example: Most of my friends, many of whom are software engineers, either deny the concept of qualia, or acknowledge it but insist that they do not see any reason why a hypothetical computer running the right piece of software shouldn't have what they term as qualia. The video discusses Parfit's book Reasons and Persons on the subject. That said, Turing continues the above quote with the following: 

And you can probably find more pointers in the SEP entry on personal identity: http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/identity-personal/ There is no shortage of scientists who dismiss philosophy, typically out of vanity and ignorance - Neil deGrasse Tyson and Lawrence Krauss are two names which come to mind; as for a rare philosopher who definitely matches your description, try reading Wittgenstein's Philosophical Investigations - as he likes to put it there "The question contains a mistake." 

(608) The idea of the intangibility of that mental state in estimating the time is of the greatest importance. Why is it intangible? Isn’t it because we refuse to count what is tangible about our state as part of the specific state which we are postulating? I am curious as to why so often non-philosophers, but nevertheless intelligent people who are supposed to know something about the nature of computation, insist there is nothing in their inner experience which cannot be reproduced/simulated by a Turing machine. 

Part of the argument (if I understood it correctly, which is unlikely) hinges on the fact that in order to be a valid 'thought', an idea must be related to something in reality. Because the brain has a thought about itself, it must exist in reality. Hilary Putnam, in "Reason, Truth And History", attempts to argue against Cartesian (or hyperbolic) doubt, by proving that a 'brain in a vat' cannot actually think that it is a brain in a vat. Do thoughts exist? (Yes, I know it depends what I mean by 'existence' but I want that to be included in any answer; another way to phrase my question would be, can you define 'existence' with a plausible definition that would clearly include or exclude thoughts) Writing it in this way, the argument seems so obviously incorrect that I'm sure I'm missing something. How does Putnam define 'thought' in a way that makes it necessary for a thinking thing to exist as it perceives itself? If not, then do symbols exist (as symbols)? I found a summary of the argument here, in "Philosophers Explore The Matrix" (not that I'm recommending the book or the movie which is referenced in the title) but it appears similarly flawed: if I merely have an illusion of a hand, isn't my 'thought' or speech regarding my hand a valid reference to my illusory hand? The word 'hand' still is referencing something, even if it has no ontological existence. Assuming that thoughts do exist, what about ideas, which are not related to specific brain-states or physical processes? Does a thought's existence depend on its physical representation in a human brain, or computer chip, or any other piece of physical reality that encodes for this thought? If not, what about a thought or idea that has never been thought by anyone, or has never been represented in any physical manner in the history of the universe? You could potentially take something closer to a panpsychist view, and say that "unconscious" thinking is only unavailable to consciousness, in much the same manner as other people's minds are. If this is the case, then fine. However, it would turn out that this brand of unconscious philosophizing would be crucial to having a theory of almost anything, let alone a theory of mind, because we're still using "thinking about" as the only qualifying term for philosophy here. This is a horribly weak sense of philosophizing - you'd need to narrow down what you mean by "unconscious philosophizing" to make it sensible. Still, this seems to fit the bill of your belief that "all men and women are philosophers" in some respect. So on to the latter view: that "a theory of mind" is how we understand what a mind is, and philosophy is a crucial (i.e., logically necessary) component to understanding. Here, the problem is that you want to draw a line from philosophizing to this understanding, but we need to unpack this notion of "unwilled philosophy" first. If you mean to say that the philosophizing is wholly unconscious, how do you get the "thinking about" which is endemic to philosophy in any sense, out of an unconscious process? That resembles cold information processing, and even if you want to say all "thinking about" is just information processing (à la Dennett et al.), you'd still have to account for what makes it 'willed' or 'unwilled', which is incoherent. I'm pretty sure that's not what you want to say. We all have an understanding of what a mind is, because we can't very well not have one and then philosophize about it. So additional philosophizing may refine that understanding, that theory, and may very well be crucial to having a good theory, but it's clearly not necessary to having a theory of mind.