One word of caution if you are planning to visit the Thames foreshore in future though. The Port of London Authority have brought in a new licencing scheme. Basically you need a permit even if you are just looking at surface finds - and the permits aren't cheap! Even the characterisation of the people who fought on the banks of the Tollense as "warriors" seems to be, at best, premature. As to the question of why medieval Norsemen who visited North American were not credited with its "discovery", that is probably largely due to the prevailing attitudes in Christian Europe. Brown, Tony: The Bronze Age climate and environment of Britain, in Bronze Age Review, Volume 1, November 2008, pp7-22 You mentioned the example of the war between the monasteries of Taghmon and Ferns in 817. In that case, Cathal mac Dúnlainge, a king of the Uí Cheinnselaig of South Leinster, allied with the monastery of Taghmon in an attempt to strengthen his position against other kings of Leinster. It is, perhaps, sometimes hard to remember just how progressive Baden-Powell was being when he made the decision to include girls in the Scout movement in 1910. For context, it is worth remembering that the girls' equivalent of the Boy's Brigade, the Girls’ Association, wasn't formed until 2008! Wouldn't these warriors be considered the world's first standing army? On the basis of present evidence, no. However, there were certainly some quite distinct Irish traditions and practices (albeit with many local variations!). In this context, I think the term "early Celtic church in Ireland" is appropriate specifically because of the common aspects of Irish law which helped shape many aspects of the early adoption and development of Christianity in Ireland. Some of those features came to be a significant factor in enabling the attacks that you describe. Yes, monasteries in the medieval period were in fact powerful lords of feudal estates. What we do know is that the excavations have produced remains from at least 124 individuals. The bones are almost entirely dis-articulated and are scattered along a stretch of the River Tollense more than 2.5km in length. The excavation team have suggested that: However, this did not mean that the two sides did not have any shared interests, or that they couldn't work together against common enemies. As you say, examples of this are relatively easy to find. You mention a couple of instances of this medieval realpolitik in the question: the early Crusades to "rescue" the Holy Lands and the united actions by Emperors Comnenus and Lothair against Roger II of Sicily. A significant number show wounds from flint or bronze arrowheads, but we would expect that use of the bow and arrow for hunting would have been fairly common in the Bronze-Age. Many more show evidence of blunt-force trauma which might be associated with clubs or similar weapons. What does the line, "Tollense could force a re-evaluation of the whole period in the area from the Baltic to the Mediterranean", refer to? If the battle really did involve some 4000 warriors, this would be unique in the European Bronze-Age, and comparable in scale with the largest battles known in the eastern Mediterranean. The Monastic tradition became established in Ireland in the late 5th and 6th centuries. This also planted the seed of the later problems. Under Brehon Law (the early laws of Ireland), the revenues generated by the monasteries were forever granted to the heirs of the founder. Thus each monastery was, from its inception, an hereditary fiefdom - a microcosm of feudalism. Of course, that perception began to change in the 1930s ... When Baden-Powell left the army in 1910, he founded the Boy Scouts Association and, shortly afterwards, the Girl Guides. In reality though, both organisations already existed in nascent form. People were attracted by the chance to emulate their heroes, and also by the fact that Scouting emphasised more adventurous, outdoor games than were usual in other youth organisations of the time (like the Boy's Brigade, for example). Then, as now, the skills learned by Scouts were seen as fun. It is important to realise that, while the sex of intact adult skeletons can often be determined with a high degree of confidence (unlike those of juveniles), this can be notoriously difficult when examining individual bones. Because of that, it is probably worth waiting for the full publication of the results, before drawing any firm conclusions. Sources Brinker, Ute, et al: The Bronze Age battlefield in the Tollense Valley, Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Northeast Germany – Combat marks on human bones as evidence of early warrior societies in northern Middle Europe?, in the Proceedings of the XVII UISPP World Congress, volume 9, 2014 Jantzen, Detlef, et al: A Bronze Age battlefield? Weapons and trauma in the Tollense Valley, north-eastern Germany, Antiquity 85 (2011), pp417-433 The history of early medieval Ireland appears to have been one of endemic internecine conflict, as illustrated by the annals and legend of Conn of the Hundred Battles. The Irish monasteries were also a part of that culture. They were often allied (frequently by ties of blood) with other local kings. To the best of my knowledge, the chronicles do not make it clear whether it was monks, or lay brothers, or the local population who owed service to the monastery who actually did the fighting. Initially, many groups made dual registrations with the Boy's Brigade and the Boy Scouts Association. This capitalised on the existing infrastructure and fuelled the rapid growth of the Scout movement. The activities of Communists in Britain (and presumably also in France) were known, and were seen as a threat. Since the the leaders of new states of central-eastern Europe weren't actively attempting to subvert the main European powers, they were - presumably - seen as less of a threat in the 1920s.