Once the husband has died the (especially the sexual) relationship has ended. So amn in vitro fertilization would be considered as haraam, as her -former. husband and therefore his sperms etc. would be considered as a foreigner and haraam for her. Because once the marriage ended -in this case because of death- she could marry again after the 'idah. And before the end of the 'Idah she is more likely considered as a a divoreced woman (talaq baa'in), so she can only have intercourse with her (former) husband once they got remarried, which is impossible, as he´is dead. So if she however did so, the child wouldn't be considered as his child rather than a child of a non-lawful relationship and should be named after her. 

A short definition could be found in this well known hadith. 

Now the point is as follows as long as you don't have direct deal with riba your earnings are halal. But if you somehow deal or help for riba business your earnings are haram. This means if you don't have direct contact with riba all you do is halal. 

Therefore if McDonald run a fast-food restaurant and pretend to serve halal food and the authorities don't check the food or the origin of the food (in this case). It's not the customer who made a sin, so if he eats something there in good faith that the authorities did their job he won't be the one to be accused. The other possibility would be that the authorities provide the meat/food or the suppliers for McDonald to avoid non halal meat/food! 

Based on my answer of the former question I prefer not allowing this kinds of interventions! 

Also check Who are the women that a man is forbidden to marry? 

You should also check the legal status in the country you are living at or you might want to stay at. 

Shia' View: The shia'a view I could find on this purpose is that alcohol is considered as a clean/tahir thing when the usage is not drinking and is therefore allowed. 

But before this both should do repentance and expiation and real regretting and turn the sins into good deeds like praying, fasting,..., doing good things, helping: Being a good muslim and not redo those sins! 

beside this the other 5 reasons are (see also this fatwa in Arabic): 

Allah instructs you concerning your citizens 

You already quoted 5:1 but if you go further you can read: 

Before giving an answer i must distinguish: 

Of course if one doesn't trust all of this we can eat and buy fish or become a vegetarian ;) 

So if you are chatting to seek knowledge or exchange some information etc. then everything is fine and following the rules of shari'a. But once you leave this line for example by doing chitchat or anything else you might be doing something sinful and it would be regarded as haram! 

This was my major source in Arabic. 

Here are some ahadith (hadiths) -both from jami' at-Tirmidhi- which indicate that a woman shouldn't be alone with a non mahram: 

Note that I'll only answer your post according the title as for the example case maybe an elaboration would be needed and as far as I can tell the other answer is referring to it and solving it to some extent! 

And an other thing: About kissing a foreign woman i found this Hadith: 

And in general it is better to follow the Verse you mentioned in your Question: 

According to that one is sinning when selling it, when buying it and when wearing it. 

[Sahih Muslim and other Versions in Sahih al-Bukhari etc.] 

How do you define the relationship? 

he also divided this case in examples: 

Some scholars have said that alcohol is najis (some even made difference between physical najasa and abstract/moral najasa) while others consider it as tahir/clean. Among those who consider it tahir are sheikh ibn 'Othaymeen, Imam a-Shawkani, Imam as-San'aani, imam al-Muzni (the student of Imam a-Shafi'i) and Imam al-Laith ibn Sa'ad. But a big majority seems to consider it as najis, among them the Imams of the major 4 madhabs and the zahiri/dhahiri school. 

This again is a workaround that I usually practice: the 'aqiqah for my children doesn't take place in our presence but at the house of either my parents or my in-laws, so for example my father in law buys a cheap and performs the 'Aqiah in our name (he could be refunded but usually doesn't accept it, but we also leave some money with him). One can buy a cheap for odhiya via a Muslim organization who spends the whole odhiya in a poor Muslim country or to people who would be in need. But as said above I also ordered at a Muslim grocery here a cheap for 'Id and asked them to slaughter it in my name and got it from them on the day of 'Id or a day later. So in any case if you don't perform the slaughtering yourself you would be dependent on the person who performs it and you either have to trust them or don't in that case there's no way out expect buying an animal and slaughtering it yourself or as stated let others do it for you in a Muslim country as agents. 

Ahmad also narrated (17440) that ‘Uqbah ibn ‘Aamir (may Allaah be pleased with him) said: I heard the Messenger of Allaah (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) say: “Whoever wears an amulet, may Allaah not fulfil his need, and whoever wears a sea-shell, may Allaah not give him peace.” Classed as hasan by Shu’ayb al-Arna’oot in Tahqeeq al-Musnad.