I stop with the bare minimum. That gives me the energy I need to get into the scene, and plenty of freedom and opportunity for discovery as I write. Err in favor of sending the story. Let the editor decide. Give a character a reason to think about, speak about, or interact with the small detail. 

Textual weight. If I spend time on something in the text, readers expect it to matter. The more space I give it, the more readers expect it to matter to the story. This is especially true in short fiction, where the mere mention of a thing must justify its presence in the story. 

How many to send. As for how many to send out: Read each journal's subscription guidelines. There are two phrases to look for. 

ETA: This idea is useful sometimes. Lauren Ipsum's idea is useful all the time. Y'all should go upvote that one. Err in favor of sending the story. Let the editor decide. Though I don't worry about length before I write, this can give a sense of the length of the story. My scenes tend to fall between 800 and 2000 words (2000 words is a long scene for me). I figure 1500 words on average. So if I have 10 scenes, that's about 15,000 words. 

There are other sub-categories of flash fiction though: Micro fiction - Anywhere from 50-250 word max depending on the site Drabble - exactly 100 words 69er - Story in exactly 69 words Nanofiction - A story of exactly 55 words Twitfiction - A story in 140 characters or less Flash fiction is primarily determined by its word count. The max word count I've seen for flash fiction is 1000 words but could be as low as 300 words. For it to "count" as flash fiction it has to be a complete story with a beginning, middle, and end and not just an excerpt. There are no completely original plots. There are authors who have managed to put an original spin on an old idea, however. But when you boil the basic plot down, it's going to be the same as thousands, if not millions, of other stories out there. The trick to writing a good book is to take an existing plot and add your own personal spin to it to create an original work.