Slowing down is something you probably want to do if the motorist doesn't give way to you, and might be legally obliged to do depending on the fine print. I think it's a good idea regardless. 

Note that at the world championships for people who ride loaded bikes fast all day about 3/4 of the competitors slowed down and used the pram ramp or just stepped up the curb (my photos are of the ones who took the more exciting approach, obviously). In this case they rode along the road, then had to go onto the footpath and turn very slightly onto a path, so slowing down to use the ramp definitely cost them time. 

I suggest reading random cycle touring sites and travelogues to get an idea of what people do and how they travel, in the area where you're likely to be riding. You have everything from the Paris-Best-Paris style randonneur "carry nothing" tourists to four wheel "bicycle campervan"travellers in the low countries of Europe, so there's a lot of different options you can choose. But the easy one is definitely how you're starting - get a bike, pack a change of clothes, and ride. 

Front derailleurs don't care what you have in back (as long as the chainline is within reason). So you can ignore what's going on behind the front derailleur. 

You could pair a Burly Travoy with a bike suitcase if you're willing to put up with a trailer while you're touring: 

You should be able to bring over most of your previous components. However, be aware that bottom bracket sizes/types have changed considerably, the caliper distance (reach) and mounting style of brakes have changed, and there are peculiarities to seat tube and front forks based on country and year. Thus, unless you are replacing an early 1990s Italian road frame with an early 1990s Italian road frame (for example), you may find limited component capability. Pedals for almost all recent bikes (except some cheap BSOs and children's bikes) are standardized thread so those will come over fine. 

PS: please, please do change the stem on your bike if you have a one piece aluminum one. They are known to snap with horrible consequences.