For posterity, I'll summarize: 

The idea of "strong female characters" is reactionary in nature. It's reacting to the sense that these characters are something unusual to encounter in fiction; a rarity; something noteworthy. Nobody said "hey, there aren't enough blind seers in my fiction!", but they did say, "hey, how come my fiction doesn't have as many awesome, capable women as it has awesome, capable men?" 

This isn't really any different than any other important information you want to get across early. Here's a few thoughts: 

So to understand what's being asked of a strong female character, we need to understand the trope being subverted. (I'm moving to gross generalizations here, and far less common today than they used to be.) Commonly, female characters serve primarily as romantic interests, as damsels in distress, and/or as the Token Chick. These characters are not strong, in the following sense: they seem to be defined entirely in relation to central male characters. They exist to enable his story; they don't have a story of their own. They are not the star. Commonly, they simply aren't as capable and talented as the male lead - or are Faux Action Girls, ostensibly as talented as the male, but in practice never doing anything heroic. 

Obviously, "strong female character" can cover a lot of territory! But here's what I see as the general considerations. 

Note: I'm not saying, of course, that there's any expectation that all female characters in a story be "strong," or even any of them - no more than all the male characters need to be. The issue is more one of total volume - one story makes no difference; when you start noticing trends across hundreds of novels, it's a bigger deal. 

It sounds like your editor is really narrow minded and you may want to see another editor if they won't go farther with you unless you do a hoodie. 

"I sneaked out by the back exit" 

I have to agree that you might want to seek a second opinion with this one. A hoodie doesn't designate sneaking around. Just because, as Nzall showed in their answer, that Assasin's Creed uses it as such. Sneaking is designated by posture more so than anything with clothing. In a comedy, sneaking is usually done where they are on their tip-toes, doing some silly antics. 

synonyms: creep, slink, steal, slip, slide, sidle, edge, move furtively, tiptoe, pussyfoot, pad, prowl 

Think back to when you began a journey. When you began something new. Maybe it was moving out of your parents house and you got into the moving truck, ready to drive off for the first time. Maybe it was the first time you went on a trip with a group of friends or by yourself. Remember the feelings you had. The swelling of pride, eager for adventure and something new, free from the shackles of life. Feeling good isn't just a matter of having a smile. Many people smile even when they are sad or are in pain. It is an emotional state. You may also want to watch your prose too in situations like this. 

As for the feelings, you do not have to relate to them to understand them and their origin. You might not share an unconditional love which your crazy cat-lady neighbor exhibits for her 50 stinky cats, but surely there is something you treasure (not necessarily of a feline origin), so you can extrapolate. 

I would start with trying to make your narrative language coherent and neutral–you can always spice it up in revision. 

Absolutely. Write everything from the first-person POV, and state clearly that you do not give a damn about others (that is actually going to be my next writing endeavor), then write a prequel, in which you are five-year-old and describe in details what in the world your parents did to you to make you this way. Then a sequel... 

Absolutely (leaving aside the fact that you are free to do whatever you wish–it is your story), and I agree with Lauren Ipsum, that it might help you achieve the desired effect if emphasized properly (the text excerpts you have given are neither a miss nor a hit–at least for me–they could belong to any of the characters you describe, and saying mom instead if his mom could be attributed to a just a matter of personal style). 

Observe other people in real life, try to understand why they do things they do, even if you think you cannot be sympathetic and compassionate. 

The actions of other people are based on logical choice more often than on pure feelings and unhinged emotions. Most people I know would back away from the edge of the rooftop, altruists and sociopaths alike. No one wants to be cold, hungry, and sick, and most of us want to get published and be held in highest regard for our efforts.