I think one cannot derive the veil of ignorance from Kant's Categorical Imperative. Both do not contradict, but they follow different aims. 

2) Kant later comments on this point and explicates that it was the problem of human freedom which interrupted his dogmatic slumber. See letter to Garve from 1798, quoted from p. 9 in Kreimendahl, Lothar: Der Durchbruch von 1769. Köln 1990 (in German) 

According to the General Theory of Relativity spacetime is an objective physical quantity "existing in itself", i.e. independent from the observer. This view is different from Kant's concept of space and time. 

What makes up “our culture”? I assume you mean the Western culture, as prominent in Europe, in USA and in Canada. Besides philosophy I consider fundamental components of this culture 

Kant, Immanuel: Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science (German: Metaphysische Anfangsgründe der Naturwissenschaft) (1786) 

One can question Kant’s claim on the existence of statements from physics which are synthetic a priori. I vote for following Kant in his method, in particular in his constructivist epistemology. But I do not vote to follow him in all his results. Instead one should apply Kant’s method of criticism to Kant’s results themselves. Physics has made progress since the time of Newton. And since Hume’s insight into the weakness of inductive conclusions and Popper’s falsificationism every claim to prove general statements in science seem dubious and unjustified. 

[…] There is, indeed, one other way in which absolute prohibitions could be maintained… we could distinguish positive acts from omissions and frame absolute rules only about positive acts. No conflict cases could then arise, because in any conceivable set of circumstances all prohibitions of kinds of positive act (including the bringing about of certain evils as known second effects) could be obeyed at once by complete inaction. But do we want to maintain absolutism in either of these ways?” 

[...] Here comes a non-Parmenidean approach. To begin with, “exists” is a predicate of individuals just like the others – a predicate for real, not only from the point of view of our ordinary language’s surface grammar. It is a predicate in the same sense that “eats”, “flies”, and “is a man” are... The motto is Alexander’s famous one: “To be is to have causal powers”... The Parmenidean conception, once forced to admit that even from its viewpoint existence can be a property of individuals, still explains it away, defining it via the existential quantifier and identity, that is, via logical notions. But existence is not taken as a logical notion from now on: if to exist has to do with the enjoying of causal powers, whatever these actually are, they are not logical features." 

Kant’s reasoning in his critical philosophy focus on epistemology. So Kant's constructivist epistemology has a different aim than Plato. Even when thing-in-itself is a technical term from Kant’s ontology, Kant claims that we cannot know anything about it. It is just a necessary hypothesis. 

We do not know anything about the thing-in-itself, because we have no direct contact. As a first approximation, thing-in-itself is a synonym to noumenon. And phenomenon is a synonym to experience. 

Kant emphasizes that our experience is not an image but a construction. Our understanding constructs experience with the help of two types of intuition, space and time, and the categories. The intuitions and the categories are a priori. 

3) In the Critique of Pure Reason Kant writes 1787: 

Added. One can freely download Kant's work as http://www.earlymoderntexts.com/assets/pdfs/kant1786.pdf 

Kant has nearly no influence on science. His understanding of Newtonian physics as based on synthetical a priori statements is outdated. In addition, I do not know about any Kantian influence on later technology. 

The results of vision and thinking in each of the 4 sections are classified as 

Kant, Immanuel: Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science (German: Metaphysische Anfangsgründe der Naturwissenschaft) (1786)