I believe what you are describing is called reduction (or elision) and in case of h, it is usually known as h-dropping or h-deletion (e.g. Knowles 1987, Shockey 2003). 

Its ability to appear in such close appositional constructions as the poet Burns, Fido the dog, the River Thames, or the City a/London [syntactic]. Dresher, Elan. 2011. Phoneme. In Marc van Oostendorp, Colin J. Ewen, Elizabeth Hume & Keren Rice, eds., The Blackwell companion to phonology. Malden, MA: Wiley-Blackwell. (a monumental work on phonology, in 5 volumes, a must-read!) 

In the European linguistic tradition, the term word family (or morphological family) is the most common way to refer to a group of words having the same root (e.g. Booij 2007: 4, Haspelmath and Sims 2010: 17), cf. Bauer 2004, A glossary of morphology: "Segment: A result of linguistic analysis that attempts to isolate minimal linguistic units, such as phones, morphs, syllables, from a language or speech continuum." (Routledge Dictionary of Language and Linguistics) 

cheese - cheers /i/ versus /ɪə/ On the phoneme in psycholinguistics: Uppstad and Tønnessen 2010 It seems that inherent inflection is indeed equivalent to interpretable features in MP (understood as those features that have an effect on semantic interpretation, e.g. Adger 2003), whereas contextual inflection is equivalent to uninterpretable features. Naturally, there is a lot of variation in linguistic terminology, esp. in aspect studies. Comrie 1976 argues for the importance of the iterative vs. habitual distinction; thus, the frequentative is viewed as a subclass of the habitual. Carslon 2012 does mention Van Geenhoven 2004, who views the frequentative as a subclass of the iterative; however, Carlson insists that Van Geenhoven 2004 terminology is not general usage. Phonetically different bases (historically these forms belonged to different lexemes) English ox - oxen or mouse-mice (Bauer, Lieber and Plag 2013: 22) German die Herz 'heart' nom.sg. - des Herzens gen.sg., cf. das Ohr 'ear' nom.sg. - des Ohr(e)s gen.sg. (Wurzel 1990 :210) 

Or another example. There are lots of people called John. However, there is no property that, by virtue of having it, qualifies you to be John. There is no "John-ness". You are named John ad hoc. No need to say that there is a lot of variation in linguistic terminology. See Table I.I below from Cowie 1998: 5