The one remaining church in Visby was used for a population of around 2000-3000 people, but may have been over dimensioned. Mariacki is more than twice the size. So only a couple of churches was necessary to cover for the needs of the population going to services. But that's only one small bit of what churches was used for and what churches was (and is) about. That's why you need so many churches. In 1996 they continued from Novgorod. This was during a year with very little water in the rivers, so this can be counted as a sort of "worst case": The first of this is that some churches are never built as public churches. Many churches are built to show off how devout and wealthy you are. Kościół św. Wojciecha fits at best a 100 people standing up, and is clearly one of those churches. Since we now understand that it's non-clean water that makes you sick, clean water is a high priority around the world. Clean water is always cheaper than beer, so everyone who can afford beer can today afford clean water. Therefore you no longer drink beer instead of water for health reasons. Also churches were built for specific uses and specific people. The Mariacki church is indeed a parish church, and would be used by the general public. The churches on Wawel (the castle) are also big, but not really intended for general public use. The Wawel Cathedral is the Polish national sanctuary and as such reserved for special use, and not a church you would go to daily. Indeed, the idea that educated people in the middle ages thought the earth was flat is a myth. It was well known to have been round since well before Christ. Reference: http://web.comhem.se/aifur/varangians.html The total time was 113 days. It might have been faster other years, with more water. From Odessa it should be a fairly quick sailing trip over the Black Sea to Istanbul, but the only period-authentic expedition I can find that ended up in Istanbul went via Poland (because of Politics). Of course, a couple of hundred years later it was well known, at least amongst Greek philosophers, that the earth was round, and Eratosthenes calculated the earths circumference. Also, the practice to drink beer was a mainly European affair. In Asia it was instead tea, which like beer involves boiling the water. They can be interpreted as representing a belief that Jerusalem was located at the "top" of the earth, and that we all lived on the "top half", something that made theological sense. More reading: http://web.comhem.se/aifur/vikingvoyages.pdf Many groups would have their own churches. I don't know about Kraków, but in Visby many of the major groups in the city had their own church. German/Hansa traders would have their own church, for example. Now about the question who believed the earth was flat, the answer therefore is "not many", but of course they existed. However, the mentioned Lactantius is the one of the few who is explicit, and clearly says that a round earth makes no sense. The other two we know of are Severian of Gabala and Cosmas Indicopleustes. These two both use religious arguments and basically says the earth is flat because it makes theological sense. In Visby, which became increasingly irrelevant and poor, churches was abandoned during medieval times, and finally in 1533/1534, after the advent of protestantism also changed how you used the churches, all but one was abandoned. The result is 13 (very beautiful) ruins. There are many reasons for why cities seem to have an inordinate amount of churches for the population. There was attempts to make real maps fit the T and O perspective, but even so this should not be taken as a belief that the earth was flat. The practice of drinking beer instead of water was because people noticed that you would get sick less. Why was not understood until the 19th century, with the advent of modern bacteriology etc. But although some scholars seem to have argued for a flat earth from a theological standpoint, most christian scholars clearly thought the world was round. Instead you needed space for priests to do priestly things, such as making special services, often payed to pray for somebodies dead relative etc, and you also needed space for many altars payed for by rich people wanting to either get into heaven, or show off how good people they were, or show off their wealth, and mostly all of the above. And some churches was popular pilgrim destinations. This didn't stop the use of maps that made the earth look like a disc, though. So called "T and O maps" was often drawn as philosophical representations of earth, throughout the middle ages. These may have helped fuel the idea that people in the middle ages thought the earth was flat, but that was not the case. These maps are just representations in principle of the earth, and should not be seen as actual maps. That also means that even the 6th century BC map above may represent a round earth. But the usage of churches was different before. It's become the routine to go to church on Sundays, but during medieval times services would be held many times every day (and indeed still is in large catholic churches) and you would go more irregularly. Hence, although you didn't need space to fit the whole parish in the church at once, as you would need in protestant areas in the 19th century, when going to church on Sunday was mandatory. So calculating the need for churches on population doesn't make sense.