We don't do product rec here, but some general advice: You want to find the biggest tires you can fit into the bike, and run them at high pressure. The pressure written on the tire sidewall is useless (the maximum pressure depends on the rim and the tire), but in all likelihood you will be close to or exceeding it on many tires. The particular model of tire won't really make a difference if you're pinch flatting them -- that is a symptom of too low pressure. I can't be bothered to actually go outside and measure these things, but lets be crude and use a massive tire. Say the minor radius is 2 inches, and the major radius is 15 inches (this is probably larger the size of the tire on something like a Surly Moonlander). This has a volume of about 5 gallons. If you were a nutcase and running this at 7 bar, it would be around 150 grams of air. At a more reasonable 1 bar or 2 bar, youd be at 45 or 90 grams. Sheldon has another interesting note: Very old (60's) 27" rims had straight sides versus modern hooked sides, so they can't run as high pressure. However, he says if you get a tire which says hook edge rims only, you can put it on an older straight rim, just not at as high of a pressure. The ideal gas law (which is a good approximation in this case) says PV=nRT where P is pressure, V is volume, n is mols of gas, R is the ideal gas law constant, and T is temperature in Kelvin. In your case, the rim width is 17 mm and the chart linked above says 25-37 should all be fine. Thus, solving for n, we see n = (PV)/(RT). Then, assuming air is made up of {gas1, gas2,...} with fractions {p1,p2,...} (so p1+p2+...=1) and corresponding molar masses {m1,m2,...}, the mass of air in a tire is (PV/(RT))(p1*m1+p2*m2+...). So, what we see is that the mass of air in a tire is directly proportional to the volume of the tire and directly proportional to the pressure in the tire, and inversely proportional to the temperature of the air in the tire. Chances are the new tires you ordered are essentially the same as the old ones, so you should start with the old pressure combinations you were using, and make adjustments from there. You generally want to match the rim width to the tire though -- too narrow or too wide of a tire on a rim can lead to tire/rim damage or bad handling. Lets be crude about estimating the volume of a tube using a torus. The volume of a torus is V=(pi*r^2)(2*pi*R) where R is the major radius and r is the minor radius. Google will calculate it for you (and has a picture of what major and minor radius is). If the tire is over or under inflated, it can damage the wheel and/or compromise handling and/or lead to flats. Sheldon Brown has a good explanation. Often, you want to run different tire pressures (for example, the rear tire has more load, so you may want to go 10% higher in pressure or whatever, even if the tires are of the same size). If you're running different sized tires (which is not uncommon, either for lower weight, better handling or comfort; your front and rear clearances for tires are often different), you'll usually be running different pressures. The markings on the tires for the pressures can be essentially ignored. They're a combination of marketing and legal departments coming up with essentially arbitrary numbers. You need 27 x (some number of inches given as a fraction). So 27x 1 1/8 would fit, 27 x 1 1/4 would fit, etc. Other sizes won't fit. As dlu's answer points out, an easy way to get this right is to ask for ISO 630 tires. Find a set of pressures that works for you so the tires are properly inflated -- it should prevent pinch flats, but keep rolling resistance low and absorb road hazards and irregularities to some extent. The tire will deflect a bit when properly inflated. There are charts which you can use as rough guidelines, but you'll need to play with it. What about a thin road bike tire? Lets also assume the major radius is around 15 inches, and the minor radius is around a half inch. Thats around 0.3 gallons of volume. Plugging into our formula, at 7 bar, we see that this is about 9 grams. At 10 bar, a whopping 13.5 grams. See Sheldon Brown's page for details on how tire sizing for bicycles is a mess. Since I don't want to put the units into wolfram alpha carefully, you can put in the entry "(7 bar* 10 gallons)/(ideal gas constant*293 Kelvin)*(0.8*28+0.2*32)" and read the result off in grams (ignoring the unit it says there) to get an estimate for the weight of air in a 7 bar (~100 psi), 10 gallon volume tire as around 313 grams. Is 10 gallons reasonable? No. If two tires are marked with sizes that are mathematically equal, but one is expressed as a decimal and the other as a fraction, these two tires will not be interchangeable." If the biggest tire you can put in at the highest pressure you can run safely doesn't work out for you, consider switching to a rigid mountain bike, where you can easily get 2+ inch tires in, which will easily take 300 lbs. We will make the following (reasonable) assumptions: Assume the temperature is around room temperature (293 Kelvin) and the volume of the tire regardless of pressure is the same (primarily determined by the shape of the rubber, assuming not severely under/over inflated). For convenience, air is about {nitrogen, oxygen} with {p1,p2}= {0.8,0.2} and molar masses {28 g/mol,32 g/mol}. Thus, under these assumptions (V is fixed, and T is fixed), the mass of the air in tire grows linearly with pressure.