Of course, much more is needed for Greece to recover. New companies are needed in large numbers, and Greece still has a very bad reputation in that area. It must become far easier to start a new company (in 21st century, the time neede should be measured in hours). Strikes are still far too common, so Greek companies are seen as unreliable suppliers. And the government is still rather big in comparison to the total size of the economy. Recidivism is a serious problem - 70% of inmates will be convicted again within 6 years. Comparison with the US is a problem, however - the justice system in the Netherlands is well-known to be rather lenient (A recent media event was the public apology by the Dutch IOC member Camiel Eurlings for domestic violence - the justice department decided not to press charges because he was doing volunteer work !). More scientifically, 80% of offenders do not go to jail, and that's ignoring petty crime. For young serious offenders, that's even 95%. Hence, only the most severe criminals will become inmates, and it's not a big surprise that recidivism is a major problem in that group. But as the Netherlands moved to a services economy (still not very industrialized), they became a net contributor to the EU. The Dutch Christian Democrats all but disappeared, and support for CAP income support disappeared entirely: "[R]esponding better to global climate and food security challenges, increasing the effectiveness of existing greening measures, simplifying current CAP rules and focusing on SMEs, will be at the core of the [2016] Dutch EU presidency" The Greek debt crisis included a budget crisis. The debt wouldn't have been a problem if the budget was sufficiently in the black to pay interests and repay principals in time. Resolving the budget crisis meant both cutting spending and raising taxes. In the Netherlands, employers can ask for a Certificate of Conduct (Verklaring Omtrent Gedrag, VOG). The department of justice will, given the role the person is applying for, determine if there is any objection to be found in the criminal record of the person applying. If that person has no criminal record, the VOG is always granted. If there is a criminal record, but the facts are considered irrelevant to the job, the VOG is still granted. VOG's are not tied to companies - volunteer organizations are advised to use them as well, especially when working with vulnerable groups (youth, elderly, handicapped). The Greek economy can be compared to its neighbors, such as the Balkan states and Turkey. The new minimum wage is in line with those countries, as well as the economic performance of Greece itself. The chief goal is to combat unemployment; minimum wages cause unemployment by forbidding jobs that do not pay enough. The idea that employers would just pay more if the minimum wage is higher ignores the reality of globalization. Importantly for Greece, tourism can offer many jobs, but Greece is in direct competition with other Mediterranean states. A lower minimum wage directly helps tourism to be competitive, and can quickly create new jobs. (Compare this to a closely related industry, flowers. Like grain, it's growing plants, also clearly profitable, but virtually without subsidies. ) Cryptos whose goal is anonymity bring you then to a whole new level. With Monero the transactions are completely unlinkable for a blockchain observer and the ammounts are hidden too. See here for details. I think that Philipp's answer is not accurate enough. Even in cryptocurrencies that are pseudonymous and provide the least anonymity (like bitcoin) you can use your wallet's address only once in a transaction. This tears the link between multiple transactions. If you delete the private keys for your spend transactions no one can prove that you actually spent that money (in transactions that are historically linked to your current unspent money). For further reading regarding bitcoin address reuse you can see following: Is it safe to reuse a Bitcoin address? at Bitcoin SE The situation then looks like this: your employer pays you salary from their address A to your newly created address B. You then buy something with B and pay to newly created address C and return your change to your new address D. This procedure repeats over and over again. If you are careful and spend your change in a given branch completely without merging it with your other branch (as a transaction input for bigger payment) then the money from that branch basically disappears and no one is able to connect it to the money in your other branches. On a scale in which 2010 is 100, Chilean productivity increased from 43 to 47 between 1986 and 1990. This is typical productivity growth for most countries at the time. There is no particular evidence in these data that Pinochet had much effect on productivity. However, Chilean productivity grew sharply between 1994 and 1997. Which could be seen as a delayed response to his downfall in 1990 or could be unrelated/cyclical changes. Getting comparable statistics is difficult as the statistics for different countries may use different samples (including or not those who receive lesser sentences or various forms of caution), measure different outcomes (re-arrest, re-conviction or re-imprisonment). And over different time-spans. Attempting to compare the UK with the USA directly suggests that re-offending rates are lower in the UK than in the USA. Re-offending rates in the UK are at about 25% within 12 months (source). Using the wider measure of "re-arrest" suggests that about 50% of prisoners are re-arrested, though not all are subsequently convicted or imprisoned. This compares with about 60% in the USA. In the UK, this is regulated by the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act. Under the act an applicant does not need to disclose any spent convictions for most roles.