Mary is seen as the supreme and perfect example of theosis (to use an Orthodox term). She is said to have maximum justification, maximum sanctification, maximum glorification. She experiences the beatific vision to the maximal extent possible for a created human being. She is as full of God's grace as it is possible to be. Fr Sergius Bulgakov once said that to look at Mary is to look at the Holy Spirit, for she is the most perfect and direct manifestation of the gifts of the Spirit, almost like a second incarnation (but don't worry, he didn't actually go that far and call her a second incarnation). It must be a grave sin. Eg. Anything from the 10 commandments, Adultery, Murder etc. It must be committed with full consent of the will. The person who commits the sin must be aware that it is a grave sin. ("Full knowledge") This leads me to wonder, are non-Catholics who don't believe in mortal sin by that very fact, immune from committing mortal sins? My reasoning is that, a person who doesn't believe in mortal sin could be said to be "unaware" that their sins are grave, and if they are "unaware" that their sins are grave, then their sins are not mortal, therefore they won't go to Hell (I think the correct terminology is to say that they are in invincible ignorance). Does all this mean that Mary participates in God's omniscience? I understand that Christ "fulfilled the law" and as such there are large portions of the law which no longer apply (for example the dietary laws, sacrifice laws, ritual cleanliness laws) while other parts of the law still apply (ie, the moral component of the law). Is it permissible to pray the Salat while facing Mecca? Is it permissible to pray the Salat while facing a Eucharistic host, a tabernacle, liturgical east, or nowhere in particular? Note that for the purposes of this question I'm considering Allah and Yahweh to be the same God, as per dogmatic constitution Lumen Gentium and the CCC paragraph 841. Any answer which disagrees is out of scope and will be downvoted Finally, it seems possible to say that all non-Catholics are in a state of invincible ignorance, because if they had full knowledge that they have to become Catholic to be saved, then they would hurry up and convert. But they don't do this, so it seems fair to assume that they are unconvinced and therefore unaware. (Who on earth would become sincerely convinced that to go to Heaven and avoid Hell they have to join the Church, and then not do it?) Does the prohibition against constructing and venerating images fall under the "abrogated" category of the law, or the still in force "moral" component of the law? Extrapolating this line of reasoning, doesn't this mean that most if not all non-Catholics will be saved? Because these non-Catholics are presumably "unaware" that they have to be part of the Catholic church in order to be saved. And if they are "unaware" of this then they are not in a state of mortal sin because they don't have full knowledge and are thus in invincible ignorance and wont go to Hell. How is it possible for a non-Catholic to commit a mortal sin? and Are all non-Catholics in the state of invincible ignorance as per my reasoning above, and if not, where did I go wrong? It is common Catholic teaching that Mary is "Mediatrix of all graces", which means that all the gifts of God to us also pass through her. My understanding of this doctrine is that Mary is up in heaven constantly praying for us, and that her will is so perfectly aligned with the will of Christ that she only prays for things which God desires, and therefore every one of her prayers is directly answered. Therefore, every single grace that God sends to us is also associated with a prayer from Mary, as she is always praying for God's will to be done exactly as it actually gets done. I'm Catholic, so I subscribe to the idea that constructing and venerating images and statues is permissible and encouraged as a matter of Church dogma. However I must admit that I find it hard to square this position with the explicit command NOT to construct and venerate statues found in scripture. Part of theosis is that you become God by participation in the divine nature, while remaining human in essence. Presumably by becoming God by participation you also adopt some of the divine attributes. It seems to me that Mary would share in God's omniscience because she is perfectly divinized and able to pray continuously for exactly those things and everything which God himself desires ("all Graces"). But to do this it would seem that she needs to know everything that God knows, so that she can pray accordingly (otherwise it would be possible for her to pray in a way which is not in accord with God's will due to her ignorance and therefore she would be imperfect and not the mediatrix of all graces)