Kant is a philosopher who separates noumena and phenomena in a strict way. He does not aim at unifying them. Truth or falsehood of a belief is a relation between the belief, expressed as a proposition, and a fact from the physical world. To keep things simple I do not consider facts from the mental world. I do not know whether Dennet coined a separate term for the cut between the system and its environment. Thomas Metzinger, also coming from cognitive science, names the system in question the “phenomenal self-model”. Hence the cut is the boundary of the phenomenal self-model, where the latter embeds into the world-model of the system which is the environment. Both the system and its environment are located on the mental level. Both are inner models. Susan Blackmore: Conversations on Consciousness (2005). 

All three conditions are necessary: True belief without argumentation as well as false belief with argumentation are no knowledge. Different interpretations for „picture“ have been suggested. One interpretation takes “picture” as mapping in a mathematical sense. Accordingly, a picture is a structure preserving mapping from the proposition to reality, i.e. the structure of the proposition resembles the structure of reality. This covers the property of a “model” to represent the structure of the domain of investigation. I assume that the group of experimentators, who succeed to implement such a difficult experiment, will have to overcome so many problems with the real world stuff, that they are the last, who doubt facts from reality. The principle of reductio ad absurdum is "A or non-A", the law of tertium non datur. Reductio ad absurdum proves "A" by refuting "non-A". Cognitive science considers the representational content as a crucial characterisation of a mental state. That’s the question for the semantics of the states. The latter representing the learned experience of the system. Because your question aims at testing different proposals for the concepts of “mental state”, I would like to attack the problem from the side of an empirical science like neusoscience and from informatics. 

Of course, these electrical impulses can be created artificially in our nervous system, i.e. without impact from our sensors. Hence the first step to design a testable model of the brain is a list of the relevant subsystems and their connections. One needs a wiring diagram and its translation into a net. A further step is to determine the possible states of each subsystem and their possible state transitions. 

In informatics the concept of state is fundamental for every kind of process models, like process algebras, Petri net etc. Because the brain is a distributed system, the concept of a global state will result from combining the local states of its subsystems. 

Thomas Metzinger: Empirical perspectives from the self-model theory of subjectivity: a brief summary with examples. In: R. Banerjee & B.K. Chakrabarti (Eds.) Progress in Brain Research, Vol. 168 (2008) In my opinion, such view overestimates the role of logic as the primordial structure of reality. Overestimation, because reality exists much longer and previous to information processing according to the rules of logic. It collects conversations with one of the above and some others researchers from either neuroscience or philosophy of mind. Besides their personal homepage I recommend the book 

In mathematics reductio ad absurdum is a sound method of proof as long as one operates on the base of 2-valued logic with the axiom "not (A and not-A)". On this base nearly all "working" mathematicians operate - notably exceptions are mathematicians in the wake of Brouwer. 

For both terms to think and to know philosophical definitions exists: The term wavelength is an objective physical concept, while the colour impression is a subjective experience. We can achieve several conscious operations in a short time only by interleaving, allocating to each operation again and again a short timeslice. 

The corresponding thought experiment is called brain-in-a-vat, e.g., http://www.iep.utm.edu/brainvat/ 

As an example, input from neuroscicence for such a model would determine certain subsystems from pre-frontal cortex, from the motor areals of frontal lobe, and from the limbic system, which are relevant for triggering voluntary motor actions. 

The subjective impression of colour results from the neuronal processing by these types of cones by additive mixture of colours. The theory of Young, Helmholz and Maxwell from the 19th century explains this mechanism in our brain. 

I apologize for my naive approach: If you want to know what a person thinks, the most simple way is to ask her. In general, this method works fine. As most discussions from this blog show. The same holds true for those mental states which incorporate representation of facts. Either the model is a correct representation or it is a wrong representation. The model itself is a pattern of neural activities. The concept of mind-space seems a risky term in this connection. Better calling the domain of experience mind-space. Because it is result of our constructive experience. The outer world of the thing-in-itself is sometimes named reality. But one has always to check how the author in question defines his terms. We do not know anything about the thing-in-itself, because we have no direct contact. As a first approximation, thing-in-itself is a synonym to noumenon. And phenomenon is a synonym to experience. I would change your last sentence: Facts are a property of reality. Truth is a property of propositions which refer to facts. The human colour vision is bound to the cones. We have three types of cones with maximum of absorption in the wavelength domain respectively