The other culture I am part of considers this to be almost sin like, i.e. a parent never ever apologies to a child, no matter what, even in an accident situation or even if the parent wrongs the child and realises later that s/he wronged the child. 

I'm assuming they practised some sort of fighting technique which used swords. Does anyone know if this is true and what system they used? 

So in the first culture, if your granddad's name is John Smith, it is perfectly respectable to call him John, and would be considered weird to call him granddad. 

Does Islam have rules for this, is it considered disrespectful to refer to your granddad as granddad, or is it disrespectful to refer to your granddad via his real name? 

For example, the parent is going from 1 room in the house to another, and accidentally bumps into a child because the parent was not looking where s/he was going. Does Islam say that the parent should apologies, or does Islam that the parent should never apologies to his/her child? 

Does Islam have any rules about this? i.e. in Islam, are parents allowed (or encouraged) to apologies to their children if the parent wrongs the child somehow. Or is it considered almost sin like for parents to apologies to children if the parent wrongs the child in some form. 

Banu Qurayza had a treaty with Medina City State which they breached. The prophet gave them option whether he himself should impose a punishment on them or they want their own arbiter. They decided to go for the second option and chose Sa'd ibn Mu'adh. 

This particular chain of narration is broken; one narrator is unknown (majhool ). We do not know who heard it from Ali (r.a). Therefore, it does not fulfill a basic criterion of being a sahih hadith. 

Yes, this one is in Al-Mustadrak by Hakim. 

Therefore, if you sure that hadith you have quoted has been falsified by modern day knowledge you may reject it as a prophetic saying. 

However, narrators may miss some important piece of information while reporting. This may lead to contradiction with what we know for sure. It is usually recommended to collect all reports on a subject to fill the gaps and see if the apparent contradiction is resolved. 

Footnote: (from Al-Dhahabi's summarization) on the criteria of Bukhari and Muslim 

Every hadith you find against intellect or (find it) contradicting (well-established) principles, rest assured that it is fabricated. Therefore, you do not need to consider it i.e. do not take into account its narrators and do not look into their criticism. (Similarly,) if it is against senses and observations, or either in contrast with the Qur'an or Al-Sunnah Al-Matwatira (the well-established practices) or decisive consensus; such that it does not accept any other interpretation. 

Ibn Taymiyah said (My own translation take it with care or feel free to suggest editing): 

Note that shi'a also consider sayings or fatwas of their Imam's as sunnah AFAIK. So my answer covers the primarily the sunni view and might lack details on the shi'a view. 

So in your situation you are the best to know what is more convenient: you can show patience and keep at least a minimum of the ties of kinship in the hope of being rewarded by Allah or avoid a gracious avoidance. Note you could keep the ties by a simple phone call asking how things are, no more no less or being as much neutral as you can! 

Note i have changed the transliteration or added some additions in it when they were different then in my reference or lack some words. 

Many people think that we have only one narrated version of a hadith collection, when it comes to al-Muwatta' we clearly learn that this isn't the case. We have at least two versions which are nowadays well known the Version of Yahya ibn Yahya al-Laithi and the one of Muhammad ibn Hassan a-Sahybani (the student of abu Hanifa) beside others like the one of al-Q'anabi etc.. Note that the scholars of the other 6 books didn't relay on the first two copies at all, as both narrators were not accessible (Yayha ibn Yahya after the death of Imam Malik went back to al-Andalus) or are rather less known for hadith both Authors were beside Qadi's so they didn't have much time to teach and move to other places.