If it's "How can it, in the current status quo?" It can't. It's rife with actual conflicts of interest, inadvertent conflicts, and even more appearances of conflicts of interest. "How can it?" Complete divestiture of businesses and all assets placed in a blind (not "run by my kids") trust. Our "friendly" relationship with Saddam was always one of convenience, and because he was against Iran, more than any kind of genuine mutual interests, cultural bonds or genuine friendship. Yes we do. It's called being civically responsible by being informed, engaged and participating by speaking about the issues, and, most importantly, voting. Prohibition on communication about the assets. The claim that family members are not going to discuss, basically, the disposition of family assets is simply not plausible. With a truly independent trust manager, there aren't inherent conflicts of interest or pressure to violate this requirement that comes with being a child of the owner of the assets. The independent trust manager (again, independent) must not have a personal financial stake in the assets. Children clearly do, both short term, possibly, and as eventual heirs to an estate. NOTE: My answer deals specifically with whether immediate family members could be in charge of what was considered a "blind trust," not whether regulations require it be done for President. No, this law would not be upheld. We know because this actually happened: Arizona passed a state law making it a state crime to be in violation of federal alien registration laws (which automatically includes illegal immigrants) and giving state and local law enforcement the power to arrest people if they had probable cause to believe the person had committed some crime making them removable from the US. The United States filed suit against Arizona, and the Supreme Court struck down those provisions (as well as one making it a crime for an illegal immigrant to seek employment in the state, which had no federal counterpart) in United States v. Arizona as being preempted by federal authority. Federal preemption doesn't just apply if a federal law explicitly preempts state law, nor even just if there's a direct conflict between the two. There are two more cases where it applies: 

The Supreme Court held that Congress had occupied the field on immigration: Congressional regulation was sufficiently comprehensive that there was no room for states to pass any laws controlling immigrants. So, states cannot criminalize illegal immigration because the federal laws on the matter don't leave any role for them. Furthermore, states can't give their police the authority to arrest immigrants without warrant for being removable, because that's giving them more power than federal immigration officers (who normally need a warrant), and undermines the fact that Congress normally requires a warrant before making those arrests (increasing federal discretion). 

Fast forward to 1979, the Shah's regime is teetering, and Saddam Hussein is in power in Iraq. The Shah's power collapses, he flees the country and the Ayatollah Khomeini rises to power. So - that's the reason why most of their equipment was Soviet, and not the USA. I'd consider chemical weapons to be "major," but since, by international law, no one is supposed to have those programs (even the superpowers), you're not going to find the same kind of "Made in the USA" labeling that you would for a jeep, rifle, jet or tank. Supplying the technology also allows one to produce the product, themselves, at their own plants, as opposed to a jet or tank which is manufactured by the USA and then sold. 

Prohibition on communication about the assets. The claim that family members are not going to discuss, basically, the disposition of family assets is simply not plausible. With a truly independent trust manager, there aren't inherent conflicts of interest or pressure to violate this requirement that comes with being a child of the owner of the assets. The independent trust manager (again, independent) must not have a personal financial stake in the assets. Children clearly do, both short term, possibly, and as eventual heirs to an estate. NOTE: My answer deals specifically with whether immediate family members could be in charge of what was considered a "blind trust," not whether regulations require it be done for President. 

If he's elected, and they act to remove and replace him, it could wind up being a huge boon for the party. Given that set of circumstances and all the advantages, I think it would be highly unlikely that the GOP would not remove him, which is why I didn't directly address the last sentence of your question as much as deal with how they can use the situation to their advantage. Both of those documents were written by the same Legislative attorney, FYI. 

NOTE: My framing of how the law is interpreted, or arguments the USA might make to support their action should not necessarily be interpreted that I am making those same arguments or claims. Based on how similar actions have rolled out over the past 25 or so years, and discussions that arose about the authority at the time of those actions, this is how I believe the situation is, not how the world would be if I got to make all the rules.