Lysenkoism, on the other hand, could easily be "normal science." Even political intrusion and falsified evidence might have been overcome by some continual, Quinean revision of the subsidiary hypotheses. Presumably, it would have encountered a Kuhnian crisis sufficient to dismantle its ideological embankments. But in fact it never did become a "normal science" because an alternate, crisis-inducing paradigm appeared not in its "normal" development, but as a superior, contemporary crisis and challenge. 

Sorry, I am posting as is. Utterly incomplete. Only because I was dissatisfied with the "axiomatic" answers. There is more to it... and the question deserves better. What "are" the Euclidean entities we so readily intuit? I hope this will prompt better answers, and I will edit this mess of an answer as soon as I can. 

Third, just as the "shortest distance" is the "fastest speed" it is also the "least possible difference." The least "distance" entails two "stances" or "instantiations" or "points." A "dif-ference" is related to the root word for "ferry." To go straight back and forth. The fastest ferry is the least difference. And the shortest route or distance, or "straightest line." 

Quine explains it nicely in On What There Is:"Here we have two competing conceptual schemes, a phenomenalistic one and a physicalistic one... The physical conceptual scheme simplifies our account of experience because of the way myriad scattered sense events come to be associated with single so-called objects; still there is no likelihood that each sentence about physical objects can actually be translated, however deviously and complexly, into the phenomenalistic language... Viewed from within the phenomenalistic conceptual scheme, the ontologies of physical objects and mathematical objects are myths. The quality of myth, however, is relative; relative, in this case, to the epistemological point of view." The word "myth" here does not carry a negative connotation, work on mythology shows that since the dawn of civilization myths were instrumental in rationalizing and managing the world by human societies. 

I don't think presence/absence of air matters, not that Galileo mentions anything about vacuum. What is most suspicious about his argument is exactly that it is so general. If it works the falling rate should not depend on any (additive) characteristic of objects whatsoever, regardless of the missing extra conditions. We could give those objects electric charges and turn on electric field of our liking, and the argument still seems to go through. But leads to a wrong conclusion that the falling rate is independent of the charges.