If you want to read more, there are support groups like Laura's Playground, or you can talk to a trained child psychologist. What you should do is find where your daughter has been on the last three or so measurements, in terms of percentile, on the length-for-age. My younger child (who will turn 3 in march), for example, was at (if I recall) about 60%, 75%, and 55%. Note the drastic differences - likely due to a combination of measurement error and different timings of growth spurts. That's why it's good to use multiple measurements rather than just the 'last' one. I can't tell you what to do relative to his sexual orientation, except that 1) they're not something you can change, and 2) they're not particularly relevant at five years old. If it were me, I wouldn't think another thought about this until he's old enough to discuss sexual matters in enough detail that he can understand them. If your daughter's last three measurements were in the 25%-50% range, as her current one looks to be (Assuming 35" was her measurement at 30 months), then it looks like she's likely to hit 41" between 4.5 and 5. However, if she actually measured more consistently between 50th and 75th percentiles (as you don't list any other measurements), she might be more likely to hit between 4 and 4.5. And again, remember these are not predictions, just standards; my youngest was in the 75th-85th percentile for his first year, regressing towards the mean slowly over the second year. This might, however, be enough for your current task (guessing how long a toy will be useful for). Finally, I recommend you pay attention to your child's wants and tendencies more. Rather than having some idea and asking why she won't do something, see what she does like and does do, and do that. Responsive parenting is key, especially in the first few years; when I stopped pushing an agenda with my older son and started rolling with what he enjoyed, my life got a lot easier, and it's worked very well with my younger child. I'm still making sure he has lots of opportunities to learn - but I'm going to the science and industry museum instead of the aquarium, because that's what he enjoys. We know that we could get iron drops, but we tried those for a while on our older son and he hated the taste (for good reason, iron tastes terrible in solution) and it put him off of vitamins entirely for a long time. 

In general, children of any age will play with whatever happens to appeal to them (and perhaps their social group). I don't have a 5 year old yet, but my 3.5 year old likes playing with any toy: cars and trains the most, but that's also what his girl friends like to play with (they move!). He loves to play with dolls and dressup and everything else you can imagine. If she's amenable, some time spent with a therapist might help her to learn how to redirect her anxiety and maybe calm herself on these issues, so she's not constantly verbalizing them. Dollars to donuts he's picking up this concern from his mother. Not an exact analogy, but our 4 yr old daughter was exhibiting negative talk ("I had a bad day. I had bad dreams. I'm not happy.") and trying to get out of going to school. AFter talking with her and her teachers, and determining the problem wasn't school, we had an epiphany: her father is a pessimist and likes to complain and grumble about his work, life, whatever. He and I agreed that we'd drop the negative talk around her ("my day was horrible. This week sucks. I'm so sick of my job.") and the turn-around, instead of taking months, took literally DAYS. 

I understand your wife's concerns; my son was a preemie with apnea and it took a while before I quit freaking out over every little sniffle and fever. Having a child is having your heart walk around outside your body, and the thought of them being sick or in danger can be freaky. For your child's sake, though, my recommendation is that she learn to tone down the focus on poor health and the absolute certainty that the next bad disease is just around the corner. It's not good for her, and it's not good for you, and it's not good for your child. I think you are essentially headed in the right direction on a parallel track to the one you are intending in your discussions with him about "good boys" and "bad boys." Instead, I wonder if you might use more of an approach where you speak about your feelings - especially in regard to trust. "When I get pinched, and it hurts it is hard to trust that person won't hurt me that way again. If the person who did the pinching says, 'sorry' it is like saying, 'I'm sorry I did that, I won't do it again.' If you say 'sorry' and don't do it again, it is easier for me to trust you and want to hang out." 

Just remember, lying is a natural thing for kids to try out a few times. The fact that they've lied a few times, doesn't make them a bad kid - its just an opportunity to learn and practice better choices and habits. What will help your kid most is if you stay calm, don't worry about it too much but apply appropriate consequences and apply them consistently.