Have in mind the words of our Prophet(): 

Note just to let me give a true-to-life example of the significance of such a difference: based on angle calculations of 15° or 18.5° for locations around the Arabic Peninsula, the time difference (error) is of up to 30 min. Which means at some location one may pray fajr or 'isha' 30 minutes earlier than the exact timing (with the wrong value of an angle). 

The Imams of the 4 Madhabs used to change their opinion fatwa/mdahab if they found a better proof from quran sunna etc.. Imam Shafi'a had two madhabs the old more likely to be like the madhab of his Teacher Imam Malik and the new adapted to the new Situation in Egypt which he had chosen as home which included some of the madhab of Imam al-Layth ibn Sa'ad. Imam Malik revised his Mowatta' many times. Imam abu Hanifa even paid or rewarded his students if they disagreed with him and could proof their point of view. 

So this verse is to some extent agreeing with what you assumed, but it addresses (scholars, people of knowledge or authorities of) the people of the book in first place. While verse (16:106) is the major reference or evidence for the permission of concealing being a Muslim or denying it to save one's soul. For further information read tafsir ibn Kathir and feel free to ask!. 

The hadith is well known and you may find it in many hadith books such as sahih Muslim, sunan abi Dawod, sunan an-Nasa'i and Jami'i at-Tirmidhi (all on the authority of abu Hurrairah()): 

First the Verse (2:42) you quoted is addressing the scholars/rabbis of the Jews or Banu Israel (as it is the case for a big part of surat al-Baqara). In classical tafsir books (like ibn Kathir) scholars tend to say that the meaning of this verse is: 

There's a point that just came into my mind: humans have diffrent levels and ways of learning, some need a kind of physical or visible "help". Therefire for some poeple it could be helpful to have a hard cover copy at home as a visual remainder which may prevent them fron committing sins, due to the respect of Allah's words. 

Also there are some kind of rules/ranking of whom should be Imam, according to their fluency in Arabic, their knowledge of the fiqh of prayers, how much quran they can recite/recall. For example some -(old) fatwa- consider a congregation prayer as invalid if the Imam himself couldn't pronounce the words of al-fatiha right, when there was another man who could and didn't lead the prayer! 

During a prayer you have only to say loudly: 

And another Link with a deeper analysis of the statement “When a Hadīth Is Authentic, It Is My Opinion” 

Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) was of medium stature. I saw him wearing a red mantle. I have never seen anything more graceful than that. 

Conclusion: Therefore you could always follow a madhab and choose to take whatever opinion from any other madhab if it's nearer to your understanding of the sources (Quran and Sunna). But you should know the reasoning or explication behind the opinion: why the madhab has chosen the opinion instead of choosing an other? 

If possible you must avoid naming this person while warning as you may find in ahadith words like: 

Above 54.5° (e.g., Copenhagen, Denmark), the sun does not go 12° below horizon on the longest day of the year. On other days, Isha calculated at 12° will give Isha time 3 hours after Maghrib. This is even more hardship, so it is impractical.