Beyond that, probably it's "know your body" more than anything else. You should keep a journal of ride info -- what you ate before & during the ride, glucose at start/middle/end, how much insulin you took, etc. Also record, of course, time, distance, wind/hills, etc. Try to learn whatever signals you're body is giving you when glucose is dropping on a ride -- there likely are clues if you look for them. Added: It should be noted that, unless you're riding like a maniac (or at least like a BMX rider), 95% (at least) of your braking will occur in situations where there will be no chance at all of a wheel lockup. In such situations either brake is equally effective, and, if you use both, you spread the wear evenly between them. This means you can go twice as far before having to worry about replacing a brake pad or a worn-through rim. So most likely the problem is with the muscles being unable to "reset". A cramp occurs when something prevents this "reset". 

The main thing you'll be missing after all this is the geometry of a road bike. For shorter rides this is not so much an issue, but for, eg, touring you'd appreciate the longer wheelbase, more appropriate posture, and more stable steering of a true road bike. PS: If my conversions are right you're about 6'1" and weigh about 193. This is maybe just a hair on the high side of the "recommended" range. It's probably more important for you to develop a healthy(er) lifestyle than to focus on any particular target weight. 

(There are also several genetic disorders such as myoadenylate deaminase deficiency and McArdle's Disease that can cause "reset" cramps in susceptible individuals. And MADD is actually fairly common, affecting about one individual in 50.) Change them when they're worn out -- either cracking on the sidewalls (due to age, sun, and underinflation, possibly exacerbated by poor tire quality) or the rubber in the center is getting paper-thin and you start getting a lot more punctures. Simple lack of tread is no problem. But you're right that there is a tendency to put the narrower tires on "road" bikes, even if they're clearly not "competition" class. I suspect that this is because, like several other aspects of a bike, the narrow tires are simply perceived (by most) as "better" and perhaps "sexier", and so they look better on the show room floor. Yeah, the narrower tires weigh less and have very slightly less rolling resistance. They also create less air drag. Lock out or stiffen up your suspension. If there is no lock-out on the bike you can use pieces of plastic drain pipe, cut open on one side, strapped to the cylinders. (Someone may make a commercial product to do this.) 

First off, you should have a Medic Alert bracelet or neck chain, of course. After that, you should probably carry a glucagon injector for serious hypoglycemic episodes. And look into continuous blood glucose monitors -- they're still imperfect but are getting better. (My wife credits hers with allowing her to lose about 10 pounds.) 

So on a "sorta bumpy" road you'd want to have tires that weren't quite rock-hard. On a really bumpy road you'd want tires that are more along the line of mountain bike tires, running at a significantly lower pressure. Basically as hard as possible without transmitting too many of the smaller bumps to the bike (and the cyclist).