Additionally, the terms "left" and "right" are imprecise for any rigorous thinking. They are a kind of social shorthand that is really only useful for talking to people who generally understand the world the same as you. 

The course materials included a youtube video that I can't locate. It was a man in a city council meeting (in the US) angrily supporting some view. When questioned with some fairly innocuous questions, his face literally turned red and he started shaking from the rage of having his viewpoint questioned. That is an extremist. 

Not Citizen-Specific Most other protections are extended to non-citizens. A lengthy discussion was published in the Thomas Jefferson Law Review, but really it's self-evident from the text of the Constitution. For example, first-amendment freedoms are really a prohibition for what Congress can do: 

So the text of the Constitution specifies when citizenship matters. That the writers did not apply the concept of citizenship to all these other kinds of protections is evidence that it was not meant to be citizen-specific (according to the T.J. Law Review). 

This Resignation Letter is Not Required by Law Law does not require an outgoing senator to send a letter to anyone. I checked the federal Senate rules, federal statute, as well as the laws of Illinois and Kansas. I also checked the Kansas administrative regulations. None of these sources require a resigning senator to do anything. 

The second definition is somewhat more robust: a person isn't belief because of their belief, but because of how they maintain it. They are unwilling to compromise or change their beliefs, even in the face of evidence or reason. They are passionate about their beliefs, even in times when it is otherwise socially unacceptable. Anyone with a different view was the enemy. Their ideology explains everything of importance with no possibility of being wrong. 

Question: Isn't this a case of breaking the separation of powers principle (or a conflict between the powers)? (since the Government changed a law without the Parliament being able to revert its effects) 

(1) Whenever, between the time of the final judgment in a criminal case and the time the sentence is fully served, a law is enacted that stipulates a lighter penalty, the original sentencing shall be reduced to the special maximum of the new sentencing if the previous one exceeded that special maximum. 

This means that any favorable criminal laws changes cannot be reversed, even if the Parliament rejects the ordinance (of course, this applies to those having trials or serving time between the ordinance being issued and its rejection in the Parliament). 

Some changes were rejected using another ordinance, but others became effective immediately. 

I think this restriction is also related to the following: 

not really justified - number of murders by shooting within European Union is quite small (about 1,000 homicides per year at about 700M population, as opposed to about 30K in USA at about 300M population. So, there is small justification for need of such items 

"dumb factor" - some people may think about testing them, thus resulting in injuries or death 

The trick is that some of these changes affected the Criminal Laws where "the more favorable criminal law" applies. According to this source: 

Is that it? What about violence? We often hear about extremism in the news through an association to political violence. Extremists are great candidates for radicalization. Radicalization is social and educational process that makes a person capable of extreme actions to support their views. 

This Resignation Letter is Not Required by Law Law does not require an outgoing senator to send a letter to anyone. I checked the federal Senate rules, federal statute, as well as the laws of Illinois and Kansas. I also checked the Kansas administrative regulations. None of these sources require a resigning senator to do anything. 

Additionally, the terms "left" and "right" are imprecise for any rigorous thinking. They are a kind of social shorthand that is really only useful for talking to people who generally understand the world the same as you. 

The second definition is somewhat more robust: a person isn't belief because of their belief, but because of how they maintain it. They are unwilling to compromise or change their beliefs, even in the face of evidence or reason. They are passionate about their beliefs, even in times when it is otherwise socially unacceptable. Anyone with a different view was the enemy. Their ideology explains everything of importance with no possibility of being wrong. 

However, I did find Tom Coburn's resignation letter from 2014, which offers an explanation for these resignation letters. In his resignation letter, he says that he is telling the Governor so that they can schedule a special election to find a new senator. Per the Constitution, when a senator resigns the governor of their home state may fill their seat with a temporary appointment. Although the 17th amendment changed how senators are initially selected, it did not change the process for filling vacated seats. It's possible that the reason resigning senators have notified their governor has always been to notify the governor to start finding a replacement.