Historical athentecity Muslims believe that there has been no error in Quran as revealed to the prophet and that prophet made no mistake in exactly presenting it to the people as it was revealed to him. During the time of the prophet, he was present and was the main reference for Quran. There wasn't a compiled written copy during his time. I assume that this is not the part you are asking about. Your question is about how well what was stated by the prophet is preserved from his time up to today. There other verses which discuss love more generally, e.g. love of believers towards each other, love of God towards his creations, love of believers towards God, love of disbelievers towards worldly matter like wealth, etc. There are also verses also metaphorical verses which some have interpreted as being related to love between women and men, e.g. verse 24:35-36. After him the history becomes a little bit complicated. Scholars agree that Ali (PBUH), unarguably the closest person to the prophet and the fourth Sunni Caliph and first Shia Imam, had a created a written copy by 6 moths after the prophet's death. But that was a private copy. The main reference for Quran among people were the people who memorized the whole Quran. Dua'a E Tawassul (Seeking Intercession) They said: "O our father! Ask forgiveness (from Allah) for our sins, indeed we have been sinners." http://tanzil.net/#12:97 This list is only few examples (like a drop from an ocean). nearly every Iranian has miraculous experiences from Imam Reza a.s. for himself or his relatives. Iranians love Imam Reza a.s. too much. many of people have seen him in dream that he answers to their questions and problems. this is not only about him but about all of the fourteen infallibles. but because the shrine of 8th Imam is inside Iran and easier to access people of Iran go to his shrine and do Tawassul to him. Tawassul means asking one of Awlia to he ask God to God accept our dua. because our sins make a barrier between us and God and causes our dua do not reach God and so not be accepted. people from all over the world come to holy shrine of Imam Reza a.s. and seek Tawassul from his holy soul. In a story it is said God said to go to a man and meet him. he went and say in a city that all are atheist there is a poor and blind man and is the only believer. Moses a.s. said him do you want to I ask God to cure your eyes? he replied: No, what God prefers for me is more likely for me that what I prefer for myself. then Moses a.s. look him more and saw his eye are coming out of their places and he is getting more and more sick but does not ask God to cure him. Ineed Islam does not say earth is young or has small ages like 5000 or 1000. age of earth is not clearly mentioned as we know. InshaAllah Imam Mahdi a.s. comes soon and scientists can ask him. It is clear that usual believers like us can not see the deeds of people. in the different hadith it is said the believers in this verse means the fourteen infallibles and they everyday see deeds of people. another verses says we should not call them dead, but they are alive: Perhaps you think Allah (AWJ) created only this universe and created no humans unless you?! Yes, By Allah Indeed God created thousands of thousands of universes and thousands of thousands of Adams that you are at the end of those universes and Adams. Lying outside of these three (exceptions) is haram/forbidden. Furthermore I would like to point out that even if a lie is told in these three situations, it shouldn't be a lie that brings trouble and problems, in other words be harmful. source : http://www.islamic-dictionary.com/ Going to the next point. Imam Ashafi'i and others have used as proof from the Quran: Shafa'ah is different from Tawasul, but the translation for both is the same (intercession). The Prophet {Peace be Upon Him} will be the first one to intercede and the first one whose intercession is accepted, Abi Dawood. The intercession of the Prophet {Peace be upon Him} will be for the people who committed major sins, At-Tirmidhi. Source: Attabiyan Fi Irabul Qur'an by AbilBaba' Abdulah bin Al Husayn Al Akbari and to try to bring people together It is a must to know Irab if one wants to interpret the Qur'an, for it is a need. It is also a need for those who look into the Quran, uncovering it's secrets looking at a word it's wording and place. I hope this answers your question. As for the authentic proofs in the Sunnah for killing those who revert from Islam after entering it and not repent, are numerous. As well as it is the Ijma' of the Sahabah that the Murtad is to be killed if repentance is not done. There is a list of supposed names of Allah in the Haidth, but this list is inauthentic and hence should not be listened to. The scholars who reject this list (in the hadith) as inauthentic are, at-Tirmidhi, al-Baihaqi, ibn Hazm, al-Dawudi, ibn Taymiya, ibn Katheer, ibn Hajr, al-Juwaini, ibn Baz, al-Albani, ibn Uthaimin and Abdul Qadir al-Arnaut.