I hope you'll find this helpful. 

"But Mo-om. I don' Wan'na clean my rooo-ooom!" Any time he goes poop in the diaper, have him watch you roll the poop off the diaper and into the toilet while you talk about how poop and pee belong in the toilet and then flush it together. I am not a fan of "rewards" or "punishments" there are natural rewards like, not feeling "icky" and the reward of the independence that comes with being diaper free and becoming a "big boy" that are likely to work with your kid (simply talk about them), but rewards work really well for lots of kids too. 

He probably feels bad that he hurt you, but doesn't want to be forced to express the bad feelings. Sorry, when you really mean it, can actually be really hard for a lot of people to say (one of the reasons I am not a proponent of forced apologies or eye-contact). Preschoolers and other young children (Toddler - Early Elementary) don't typically have a lot of experience with the contrast between trust or lack-of-trust. Hopefully, most of the people they encounter are pretty trustworthy most of the time. The idea of trustworthiness as compared to a lack of trust is usually novel to them. This was something we really struggled with Alice (my daughter) on for awhile between the ages of three and four - and although she is honest most of the time, there are still times she is certainly tempted. You might try determining a night or two each month for her to endeavor in an area she would like to "try." She has her career in hand, but has there ever been a hobby she'd like to try but never got around to? or an avocation she'd love to take a class about? Maybe she'd like a book club. This kind of activity will get her out of the house and away from the tedium of small children (something everyone needs) AND might offer her the opportunity to meet some new people with similar interests (she'd have to get out of her comfort zone and introduce herself and chat a little for this second advantage though). For these kinds of activities, the local library and community college or university are good places to start. 

In an effort to raise a child with exposure to anything other than just English like many US kids until high school, (which I think puts them at a HUGE disadvantage). I did a little research on the matter last year. The book I liked the most for readability and its seeming ability to support its own theses with corroborative evidence was "The Bi-lingual Edge." Buying books for kids (especially when they aren't there to choose with you) can be pretty difficult because it is so hard to know what will go over well and what will not. What aspects of a children's book are likely to make it well received by the children it is given to? 

Communication means teaching them how to express there emotions, needs and wants in appropriate ways vs. inappropriate ways. (Kids at this age have a tendency to grab, throw fits, pout, scream or use physical means to get what they want - part of the learning process is modeling for them while correcting) I know you want the cookie, but dinner is almost ready having a fit will not change that - how else you could you tell me you are frustrated/disappointed? . . . you know the typical drill. There is a lot of learning going on in these exchanges alone. 

Meeting People - introducing, saying hi, nice to meet you. . . Some ideas I didn't see listed in other answers already are: 

If you would like a short list of what to expect in terms of developmental stages in your child's learning PBS has this to say about it. Name Recognition - child knows and can identify own name. Get the kids involved (as soon as they are old enough) in interest-area classes at least once/week. Parks and Rec in our area offers some crafts lessons, but of course there are ballet and tap classes, various sports to try, and any number of other kinds of activities - again depending on the specifics of your location. "mommy and me" classes are a good way to meet other moms and their kids (and create some early kid socialization and friendships with moms of kids of the same age as yours - this might lead to cool friendships for the kids later on). Is there a place she and the toddler can take a class while the baby is cared for that would be of interest to them both? Again, athletic activities like swimming are offered at the YMCA. Some private schools also have such programs in the after-school hours as additional income for the school and I've known of boutique baby stores that offer such classes at the store site as well - a simple search online for your area should yield something. Lastly, at age 2 and younger, most kids really only engage in parallel play anyway so specific socialization with other kids of the same age doesn't begin in earnest for kids until about age three or four when they begin to develop the ability to "pretend" and starting actually playing with, instead of next to, others. For this reason, I encourage you not to stress over the matter too much, but keep it mind and also know that any outing (even to the grocery store) as well as moments they have about learning "manners" interacting with you and other family members and especially in relation to relating to and empathizing with one another are also moments when they are learning social skills. Especially as they move into ages three and four, the more you can sit down together to eat dinner together, the better off they will be even if it is just the four of you in terms of many social skills and in building a conversive relationship with you - the most important people in their socialization - mom and dad.