16 For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. 17 For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. 18 Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe stands condemned already because they have not believed in the name of God’s one and only Son. 19 This is the verdict: Light has come into the world, but people loved darkness instead of light because their deeds were evil. 20 Everyone who does evil hates the light, and will not come into the light for fear that their deeds will be exposed. 21 But whoever lives by the truth comes into the light, so that it may be seen plainly that what they have done has been done in the sight of God. 

makes sure that your heart is in line with the truth. makes sure that you truly confess that Jesus is Lord. It won't justify you, but confession with the mouth (any confession, not a formula) will save you (Romans 10:9-10). Is it important for salvation? Yes and no! A formula will not save you, but confession of some sort will. 

Summary Is the sinner's prayer in the bible? No! Absolutely not! But neither is the Apostle's Creed. 5 Jesus answered, “Very truly I tell you, no one can enter the kingdom of God unless they are born of water and the Spirit. 6 Flesh gives birth to flesh, but the Spirit gives birth to spirit. 7 You should not be surprised at my saying, ‘You must be born again.’ 8 The wind blows wherever it pleases. You hear its sound, but you cannot tell where it comes from or where it is going. So it is with everyone born of the Spirit.” 

TL;DR If you balked at reading all of that, it basically says this: 

9 “How can this be?” Nicodemus asked. The concept of being born again comes from this Bible passage below. I know it's long but the theological and doctrinal implications found in this passage are profound and critical to understanding what it means to be "born again" and what salvation requires. 

10 “You are Israel’s teacher,” said Jesus, “and do you not understand these things? 11 Very truly I tell you, we speak of what we know, and we testify to what we have seen, but still you people do not accept our testimony. 12 I have spoken to you of earthly things and you do not believe; how then will you believe if I speak of heavenly things? 13 No one has ever gone into heaven except the one who came from heaven—the Son of Man. 14 Just as Moses lifted up the snake in the wilderness, so the Son of Man must be lifted up, 15 that everyone who believes may have eternal life in him.” That's the essence of being "born again". 

Being "Born again" and being reincarnated are completely different concepts. 

4 “How can someone be born when they are old?” Nicodemus asked. “Surely they cannot enter a second time into their mother’s womb to be born!” 

Support For It The foundational support (not the source) for the sinners prayer is found in these three concepts: 

The sinner's prayer is a formula, but it is not something that will grant immediate salvation. I know no preacher who believes this. They see it as a tool to help guide people to know what to say. They believe that the words said in the sinner's prayer are foundational to Christianity (belief that we have all sinned and that only through Jesus Christ, God's only begotten Son, may we be saved).