But how similar is it and how different? My native Australian English has dark l and to me it tends to turn into a "w" or "u" sound at the end of words and I'm not sure it's the same, maybe it varies a lot. Caveats: Yes there are languages such as German that have two non-contrasting trills, which those sounds being allophones distributed among the varieties, and languages which contrast a trilled "r" with one or more other types of "r" such as taps/flaps. I'm not concerned with those for this question. IPA just provides a set of letters and diacritics with descriptions of what sounds they represent. I also speak Spanish but learned in Mexico where "ll" mostly sounds the same as "y" so that's also difficult to compare. Wikipedia describes it a different way: A raised alveolar trill, and uses the IPA notation [r̝]. In the languages I know more about I can't think of any cases of consonant phoneme clusters that are not made up entirely of consonant phonemes which also occur on their own in the language. And the answer is in. Check the new English Wiktionary entries for 做错 and 做錯: Albanian has a digraph letter "ll" which is described as being similar to English "dark l". Polish also has a "w-ish l" that is spelled with the letter "ł". But my hunch is that this one maybe used to be a kind of "l" but is now firmly a "w". Last night I was thinking about the trill sounds and how most languages I know about have just one, though they vary in which one they have. It doesn't provide rules for how these must be used for any particular language. Hence you will find for many languages, including English and Mandarin Chinese, that many sources will use the IPA a bit differently. So what's happening here? I can't seem to find anything mentioning approximants or semivowels in Georgian at all. But I'm wondering if this is not a universal phonology rule at all and if that's the case, what are some languages and consonant clusters that don't fit this pattern? Then there are some more or less exotic sounds I know of but imperfectly in other languages, some which are also spelled with a version of "l" or "ll". Welsh also has a special letter they spelled with an "ll" digraph. It's said to be unique though and the way I produce it is very raspy so it would seem the least likely to be similar. But maybe I'm not doing it right since most Welsh people I meet can't speak Welsh anyway and are probably just humouring me.