That would be a great way to change a straightforward gesture of goodwill into something messy and divisive. How about having a set of questions, or categories of question, that should be asked at various stages in a site's development? You have the "7 essential questions" of early beta, so maybe something like that but less prescriptive. Make it milestone-based, not time-based (mostly), because every site is different. And here's where I wave my hands a little because I don't have metrics, but something like this: What questions should sites be asking themselves around the time they get question #500? #2000? The first Deputy badge? 200 active users ("active" to be defined)? 500? Five users at over 4k rep? 50 total hot network questions? 200 completed first-post reviews? 500 completed VLQ reviews? Two years in beta? The hats this year are really spiffy -- great job on the graphics! But the "natural size" of some of them fills most of the user image, making it hard to tell people apart graphically. These are all active users on the same site: A userscript doesn't work on all platforms, though that's my fallback (if I can get someone to write it for me). That's a poor workaround, though. Please just fix this. The clue I want to plant is: stuff happens on meta that affects you; please participate there at least occasionally. On the other hand, the left ~70% of the new topbar is, err, under-utilized. This doesn't have to be complicated -- maybe just change the hue (blue -> green?). Or, now that betas are back to being shorter betas, bring back the "sketchy" theme for them and use the current beta theme for newly-graduated sites? (That might be harder because of base CSS, though. Just an idea.) I trust the design team to come up with something that works and that wouldn't require weeks and weeks of work to implement. Request: please put all of: flag count, diamond menu, and "mod" link near the center. Either shrink the big search box or drop my badges to make room (gravatar and rep are enough to convey "me"). It's also peculiar that a notification about badge progress -- that is, stuff about a badge I don't have yet -- is much much bigger than the notification of a badge I actually earned. Edit: While I appreciate (and have upvoted) the answers received so far, I am still hoping for a comprehensive list. I understand from the answers and comments that Gaming, Skeptics, SF, and Workplace have forms this policy; who else, and what shape does it take for each? Ideally one answer would list and link as many of them as possible. The following two have been slightly enlarged by the users, but even at their natural sizes they hide a lot. I've definitely seen other cases of these two at original sizes concealing identity: I think the introspection is important, and there's a lot of variation in how much of this communities do on their own. So we should do something, but not this. While this situation was prompted by a suspension, users with a little rep -- enough to answer protected questions, even -- can sometimes see their rep drop because of a few downvotes. New users' rep can be volatile. The point of auto-protection is to react to answers that wouldn't have been posted had the question already been protected; it's saying "hey, there's a problem with bad answers here, so we're going to prevent more of the same". That reasoning doesn't apply to answers that were posted by users whose rep at the time was higher. A meta Sandbox was auto-protected yesterday. Sandboxes are designed to accumulate lots of answers, many of which end up deleted, but our sandbox hasn't been getting a lot of activity from super-low-rep users. Except... the last thing that happened to the question before it was protected was the deletion of an answer from a user whose rep is temporarily 1. (The user was not low-rep at the time of posting.) That auto-protection strikes me as odd. On the algorithm, I'd like to see some use of specific-post links. When people follow a link to this specific answer, it feels like that should mean something even if it happens to be answer #4 and wouldn't count otherwise. It doesn't make sense to just add the view count from those links (it's usually a very small number), but can we find some way to factor it in? Maybe one of these as an additional option in the "one or more of these criteria" list: