Kant was the one who introduced the distinction between noumena and phenomena, but if we make abstraction of this terminology and its very specific meaning, I think we can trace this back to the very beginning of Western philosophy. In fact, the distinction between fundamental reality and our perception is very common in ontology. 

Plato Plato's Allegory of the Cave distinguishes fundamental reality very clearly from representations. 

Transcendental idealism, or critical idealism as Kant preferred to call it, is the view that our experience can only give us representations of things (i.e. how they appear to us; this is referred to as phenomenon), and that we can never know how these things are in themselves (this is what he referred to as noumenon or ding-an-sich). This does not mean that there is no real, objective world; it just means that this objective world is beyond the categories of human reason. We cannot know these things-in-themselves, only that they must exist in order to form the representations that we can experience. 

Parmenides will have a huge influence on Plato, which will show up in his Ideas and the Allegory of the Cave. 

Transcendental is a concept first used in Medieval philosophy for reality that was beyond the Aristotelian categories. 

Transcendent was a concept first used in religion. A transcendent god is a god that is completely outside and beyond the world (e.g. Christianity and Islam) and is contrasted with an immanent god (e.g. pantheism). 

Please note that my "overview" is far from complete. It is only meant to give some insight into thinkers before Kant who worked on similar ideas. 

Kant used transcendent for knowledge that goes beyond the categories of human reason, but used transcendental for all knowledge occupied, not with objects, but with the way that we can possibly know objects even before we experience them (i.e. a priori knowledge). 

As you can see in the picture above, the philosopher is outside the cave, driven by eros to find real knowledge (compare with Kant's noumena), while the layman is a prisoner in the cave, thinking that the images he sees on the wall (compare with Kant's phenomena) are real, while they are in fact nothing more than imitations of reality onto a wall. 

Note that Plato is also not an idealist; he doesn't say that the mind makes up fundamental reality. On the contrary, his world of Ideas is the world of the unchanging, of being (i.e. independent of minds). 

This is why Plato is said to dislike art so much. Consider the Idea chair. When a carpenter creates a chair, he imitates the Idea chair. However, when an artist paints that chair, he is making an imitation (his painting) of the imitation (the physical chair, made by the carpenter); he is, in other words, getting further and further away from the truth. 

The Milesians The Milesians were the first who were looking for the true nature of reality; the fundamental building block of everything. For Thales, this was water, for Anaximander the Apeiron and for Anaximenes air. 

This seems accurate, although I would say that idealism, without any further specification, does not mean anything more than the view that our thoughts make up fundamental reality. "The idea that we can't possibly observe things-in-themselves directly" is something Kant introduced; not all idealists make this distinction between things-in-themselves and things as they appear to us. 

Please note that this is still very different from Kant's Critical Idealism. The Milesians didn't say that reality is constructed by the mind (even though Kant's Critical Idealism recognises the existence of a real, objective world, which is necessary for us to see those representations); they only said that there is a fundamental, underlying principle of reality.