Also, neither the Beiyang government nor the Kuomintang could rule anything in the same way that Mao did. Chiang was more like a mediaeval European king, who got the allegiance of warlords, by being the strongest warlord around. I said above that Hitler's religious beliefs are not as important as people think they were. Hitler is not the same thing as Nazi Germany. If Hitler was not a Christian, this does not mean that Christianity came out of the war with clean hands. People make a big fuss out of Bonhoffer and Niemoller these days, but the uncomfortable fact is that most Germans, and therefore most Lutherans and a good chunk of Catholics, supported Hitler partly because he portrayed his war as a war against Bolshevist atheism, and inflamed their long-standing antisemitism. The other leg to understanding his beliefs is Hitler's actions. How did he behave towards Christians and other religious groups, and what were his future plans? Hitler's private statements were less friendly to Christianity. He viewed it as a religion of weakness, and planned to extinguish it after the war was over. However, it is not accurate to characterise him as a secret atheist. He believed in some kind of divine presence, which was guiding the German race to master the world. In the very early republic Yuan Shikai controlled more territory, but not for long as his inability to stop the exploitation of China by foreign powers and his general conservatism made him very unpopular. I will confine my answer to Hitler's actions and self-identification, rather than saying whether he was a 'true Christian', because per Wittgenstein, universal terms like Christian can only have family resemblances not a single defining characteristic. Of course (some) Christians believe there is a single internally coherent and true version of Christianity (theirs), and all other interpretations are heresy. However I am not a Christian, so thankfully I don't have to pretend that there is one true interpretation, so I won't. That's how he saw himself, anyway. In practical terms he never had a solid grip on reality, and after a couple of successful annexations he went totally off the rails; he believed that he was God. Both his statements and actions back that up. Unlike many of his Nazi colleagues, he really had no interest in neo-paganism and did nothing to encourage it. 

Vibrationdata.com Stuka Divebomber 

Before 1940, "Costa Rica, El Salvador and the Dominican Republic offered diplomatic recognition of the Japanese puppet state of Manchukuo which was not recognized as a legitimate state by a majority of the world’s nations at the time." Note Dominican Republic is North American. that the Soviet Union was not properly consulted when the treaty was being prepared 

I've checked out the relevant Wiki pages and Googled it, but I haven't found any reason so far. that several Japanese islands were ceded by the treaty to the United States despite the U.S. not having any legitimate claim to them Why did World War II-era unguided bombs whine or whistle? | Answerbag 

As you get further from the primary source, more errors and bias are introduced into the work. Argentina was officially neutral, but leaned to the side of the Axis. After the war, many war criminals harbored there. 

http://www.mofa.go.jp/region/europe/russia/territory/edition92/preface.html They also objected over other minor points. In the end, the Soviet Union refused to sign along with Czechoslovakia and Poland. 

The whistles were purposefully attached to the bombs. Their purpose was to weaken enemy morale and to enhance the intimidation of dive-bombing. Look at the Stuka dive-bomber, a similar case. What other purpose did it's sirens have? As far as warning the target, it's too late to get to safety once you hear the whistle if you're not there already (bombs fall fast). Not all bombs were equipped with whistles, but they still all made noise as they fell due to air displacement (just not the famous whistling sound). This Wikipedia page gives one example of bombs that were purposefully fitted with whistles. 

The Liangkwang Incident began on June 1, 1936. The Guangdong and Guangxi cliques telegraphed a denouncement of Chiang's central government over "inaction" against Japanese imperialism. They then announced that their forces were moving into Hunan. Anniversaries of the May Fourth Movement continues to be celebrated in Communist China. Unfortunately there doesn't seem to be any particularly good map to illustrate this. The best I've found is this map of the extent of Nationalist government influence before the Japanese invasion. The Nationalists controlled regions are in green [2-7] plus Kweichou [9]. Note that that central government did not have control over Kwangsi (Guangxi) [8]. 

- Kooijman, Jaap. ... And the Pursuit of National Health: The Incremental Strategy Toward National Health Insurance in the United States of America. Vol. 8. Rodopi, 1999. - Roberts, Geoffrey. Molotov: Stalin's cold warrior. Potomac Books, Inc., 2011. These measures more or less eliminated any immediate need by India to fully annex the two kingdoms. Rather than potentially upset the regional balance of power, as well as risk additional internal destabilisation with unnecessary annexations (especially given Bhutan's Buddhist population), the statue quo pre-independence was maintained. To a certain degree this outcome might be attributed to India's good will, but pre-existing legal conditions and strategic considerations were important factors.