On the surface, this is ignoratio elenchi (ignorance of refutation), a.k.a. irrelevant conclusion or missing the point, presenting a possibly valid argument, which is not a proof/refutation in the relevant sense, while intended to be so. As explained in Davies' text: 

One of the two main characters of Kierkegaard's first published work Either/Or (1843), Johannes the Seducer, also keeps a diary which might very well have contained something like the 1836 entry. In the work the "message" is the progression from hedonistic stage of life, leading through the crisis of meaninglessness and suicidal depressions to a more mature ethical stage. This said, one should be very careful with identifying Kierkegaard's views with any of his characters' and pseudonymous "authors", who often express incompatible and paradoxical views. 1) God is powerful enough for all practical intents and purposes, enough to be called God, but not omnipotent. He created only the best of all possible worlds (Leibniz). This position is perhaps the most defensible philosophically, it also avoids logical problems with creation of unliftable stones, etc., but it does diminish deity's status and invites unpleasant questions like what limits God (logic only, inert matter, outer chaos, other beings), is there someone/thing more powerful, etc. To see why deciding what does or does not count for responsibility is challenging recall that there are causal chains connecting any event to multiple past actions, by people and not. Where in those chains, and how, do we place the responsibility or blame? Is this placing somehow objective or does it entirely depend on social conventions, context-specific interests, etc.? How much of responsibility/blame goes to various links in the chain? If one accepts causal determinism it is not clear that the blame can be apportioned at all, as Del Coral points out: But there are responses to such skepticism. Woodward, for example, exempts agents without a serious opportunity to act, which would exclude the Queen of England. But I am not sure if it entirely rules out the blame in your situation. In the legal system there is a notion of "felony murder", which classifies accidental killing in the commission of another crime as murder, even when the person did not even physically do the killing (but, say, an accomplice did). It is of course a long way from your scenario, but is there a difference in quality or merely in magnitude? Both the idea of absolute commands and objective morality, as well as their identification with universalizable maxims came under heavy fire in modern philosophy. The former point is obvious in the context of postmodernist relativization of epistemological, ethical, etc., principles to history and culture, so I will focus on the latter. MacIntyre argued that many dubious maxims are very well universalizable: "keep all your promises except one", "let everyone except me be treated as a means" (he denies that Kant’s derivation of the “formula of humanity” from “the” categorical imperative is valid). Anscombe and Mackie pointed out that the idea of objective “oughts” is implicitly based on the idea of God as the lawgiver, and does not make much sense without it, as Hume’s critique of is-ought derivations shows, see virtue ethics. 

The OP abortion example puts an additional twist on it, however, and a controversial one. What it seems to argue is, roughly, that abortion is not murder because the "person" in question (fetus) is only a potential person, and therefore does not yet exist. This sentiment is also expressed as "to die is not the same as never to be born". This is a defensible position, but one will have harder time dismissing the opposite one as anachronistic. 

Formally, there is another logical possibility of asserting both morality and omnipotence, but defending the morality of creating a world full of suffering, for a higher purpose perhaps. For example, the suffering only appears bad to us, not to an absolute being in its wisdom. But this simply redefines morality and is only different in phraseology from the Augustine's position. The question is asked in human terms and has to be answered in kind. One is free to argue that God is beyond human logic and/or morality, but it still leaves him immoral as commonly understood. Interestingly enough, the original Christian theodicy wasn't free will. St.Augustine says poetically "the canvas of creation requires both the black and the white paint". "Requires" here can be interpreted differently, modern interpretation is to explain the black by the "just punishment" for the original sin, which brings us to Adam and Eve, and back to the free will. But if God is still omnipotent and hence omniscient creating creatures he knew would sin, and then punishing them for it is hardly an improvement. 

This last point touches on a connection between logic and ethics. "If everybody did it" hypotheticals are important in what is called meta-ethics, the study of ethical systems. They express what is called universalizability of ethical norms, and many ethicists consider it an important requirement that a reasonable system of norms must meet. Perhaps, its most famous expression is Kant's categorical imperative: The usual (Christian) justification for suffering/evil in the world created by a benevolent God is freedom of the will. However, the more interesting question is not about the source of evil (which the free will may very well be) but why God chose to create the world such as it is. Why not create a world with freedom of the will, but without suffering? Even assuming that God is bound by logic such combination doesn't seem to be logically impossible: creatures certainly can do good of their own free will. There are two alternatives.