If you can't trust the nanny, either don't tell her about the camera, or don't use the camera. As you've said, a monitoring device is of no use if you know exactly where it is. All it will tell you is if she's struggling. I'd say "don't leave your child with her", but you have to leave your kids with someone, so I'd suggest just monitoring how happy they are, what information they bring home etc. (UK law requires that any childminder now produce weekly reports on what your kids did and have specific policies on stuff like food, trips, bullying, etc; but even a couple of digital photos a month of your child playing go a long way to reassuring you) 

The general recommendation I've found is to check the heat of the back of the neck (path from heart to brain) and heat of the torso (contains everything else). 

Firstly, in the event of the body needing energy for stuff like digestion or growing, the body generally diverts blood away from the limbs towards the "core", where the real work's being done by the heart and stomach, and to the brain. 

Informing someone you're expecting to give your child their full attention that they're being covertly watched at all times is counter-productive. Rather than focusing on what your child needs, they'll focus on what you'll think of what you're seeing, which is not the same thing. 

One source is here, but most of the sources when googling "baby's hands cold" say the same. 

The main issue here is one of trust. 

Here's the truth: What they do with your child while you are not there is not in your control. As an example, if your child falls over and scrapes their knee, that is a thing that happens. Having them immediately panic about whether the camera picked it up and how you reacted rather than taking care of the boo-boo is counter-productive. What you can control is whether your child is in their care, and what you can check is how your child is around the nanny, and whether both the child and the nanny are content or not when you come home (stressed nanny is as much a warning sign as stressed baby, if not more). That's the most important thing, and it's far more useful to observe that than using a webcam. 

Also be aware that any uncovered part of the body will get cold faster than any covered part, especially the "sticky-out" bits (hands, feet, ears, etc.), because that's where the heat can get out from. So if your baby's hands seem worryingly cold, mittens would be the first step (Also, adorable!). But you should only really be doing this if you're out somewhere cold, or if your baby seems uncomfortable, as you're effectively blocking off the avenues of release for excess heat from the internal organs. 

This is especially common in newborns, as their limbs are basically useless until they're mobile, while pretty much 99% of their daily activities are growing and digesting. At the same time, their brain is doing an awful lot of growing and "re-wiring" in preparation for useful tasks, such as getting your attention and being cute on demand. 

@Stephie nailed it, but I'll add a couple more suggestions. If you don't currently swaddle your son, try it. In the last trimester, babies are crammed quite tightly in the uterus, and tend to find being swaddled snugly to be comforting. We swaddled both of ours as long as we could do so safely. 

Both of our children have sensitive skin (to the point that it seems like looking at their skin cross-eyed causes a breakout, and they would have rashes anywhere the clothing would touch) and we switched our whole family to Charlie's Laundry Soap (you can get it on Amazon for approximately the same cost as other detergents) on our pediatrician's recommendation. Haven't had any issues since. 

For sleeping in his crib, that's going to take time and patience. The swaddling might help, and having a routine will DEFINITELY help (turn on the white noise, rock and feed, place him on his back and gently rub his chest for a few minutes, things like that; do these things every single time you put him down, so that he knows what to expect and will be less anxious trying to anticipate what will happen next). 

Your hospital should have access to a lactation counselor, or you can hunt down your local La Leche League chapter. If you're having any trouble at all, get in contact with them -- they can help. 

Basically, enroll them slightly before their services are needed. 

(Late Edit) Another thing about breastfeeding: Don't worry or feel bad if mom can't produce enough milk to keep up with what baby demands. Just supplement with formula (or switch to it altogether if you have to), and don't let anyone make you feel bad about it. 

However, some plans have "vesting" times, where the individual must be covered for a particular length of time before being eligible for coverage by some portions of the plan. (e.g. Must be covered for 2 years before eligible to have braces or dental surgery covered.) Find out what these are, decide what your children are likely to need and enroll appropriately. 

Addendum: If you have access to a Flexible Spending Account (FSA) at your workplace, enroll if you haven't already. You'll be going to the doctors quite a few times for the first few years for both well-baby and sick-baby vists, and if you have co-pays on visits and prescriptions, they can be quite a chunk of change. 

You're right: There's no reason for her to have dental/vision coverage now when there's no way for it to be used. 

Finally, be mindful of those enrollment windows and don't miss them. If you or your wife are at all forgetful in any way, the peace of mind might be worth the incremental cost. I have a memory like a sieve -- getting it all in at once, even if the services were of no use at the time, would be better for me than forgetting to enroll them and have to pay out of pocket for services for a year (or possibly more, if anything other than routine visits were required and not covered).