To answer the question in the title: no, it cannot. The cooldown is really short but isn't pure zero. That means that if there are a lot of simultaneous projectiles ("shots"), some of them can definitely reach their destination before the Point-Defense Drone will manage to intercept them. Unfortunately, there are a multitude of challenges we have to overcome due to the unique regional account and billing options that didn't exist in the past. But those hurdles aren't insurmountable, and we are looking into solutions that will allow interested players to obtain access to other regional versions without having to buy another full copy of the game. Those solutions are something we're currently planning to have available through Battle.net Account Management within the first few months of StarCraft II's release. The Thor is unique here since its attack can be said to be weaker vs ground because of the shorter range, but the ground damage is definitely higher, so I guess that's why it was chosen. On the other hand it may be more complicated than that, as tzenes revealed in his answer. EDIT: some ranged units (specifically hydralisks and roaches) have an alternate attack animation when they are in melee range. This attack does not count as a ranged attack - so it is not affected by guardian shield or point-defense drones. Moving these units into close proximity with the units defended by the guardian shield can be beneficial, then, but again it has nothing to do with whether the attacker is actually inside the guardian shield or not. Yes, that's precisely what it means - a mule can mine a mineral patch which is already being mined by 3 SCVs (which is the maximum number of SCVs on a single patch). Consequently, mules can increase the mineral income even for expansions already completely saturated (24 SCVs on minerals). Question 1 - leaving the Thor's range It depends on the stage of the ability. The strike cannon ability is actually composed of 3 stages - the preparation stage (switching to deployed mode), the barrage stage (shooting) and the resetting stage (returning to normal mode). I've just checked and stim is unique in that it can be activated on all units inside the bunker (as long as there's at least one unit inside capable of stimming). If the target leaves the Thor's range during the barrage stage, the barrage will immediately stop (inflicting less than maximal damage) and the resetting stage will start. The only ways I know that a target can leave the Thor's range while both it and the Thor are still alive are if In addition to other great answers, a Protoss-specific scouting technique is to research hallucinations, then create hallucinated phoenixes and send them over the enemy's base. Notice that this only applies to buildings - canceling a unit or an upgrade gives back the full amount of minerals and gas spent.