On the flop and turn in every hand you have to have a raise range with both very strong hands and bluffs that have equity. I think on the flop you are too deep to check-raise. If the chips go in, you are committed, but always behind. It is not a good spot. A better hand to choose would be 98 without a flush draw, for example. Where you could still fold to a reshove. 

In short, start with your strategy, which is a balanced and correct strategy fit for the expected player pool, and adjust accordingly against certain players who you think play an exploitable strategy. 

In short. There is no optimum for these number without context and you should definetely not use them without it. I know this answer did not really help, since I only told you what not to do and not what to do. But I wanted my answer to be within the scope of this question. 

Overbetting only really makes sense when your opponent's range is capped, not yours. However, caecilius is a great player and I would love to hear his reasoning. 

Caecilius checks it back, which is pretty standard with bottom pair. Even though some protection would be nice, especially without a heart in your hand, on a flop this wet. You are incredibly vulnerable for check-raises. Therefore you should be checking most of your bottom pairs here. 

Now you do decide to bet full pot here and get raised. Should you call? Now let's take a step back. You fired full pot on flop, turn and river. What could your opponent have here? Perhaps he could have AJ, KJ or J9 but would he really play a hand like this when you represent such a strong range? Since he limped on the button he has a bunch of flushes in his range. He can easily have you beat. Now let's look at your range. What hands would you play this way? Probably any set and a flush right? If you call with tens here you are calling with close to 100% of your range. This is very bad, since if your opponent figures this out, he will just never bluff you anymore. Additionally you don't have a diamond in your hand, so you don't block him from having a flush. You should definitely fold your hand here.