This experiment was carried out by not exiting the menus until I had completed the evolutions, as well as timing the applicable duration of the XP boost. Additionally, all of these Pokémon (and their evolutions) had already been added to the Pokédex, so no additional bonuses were gathered (however, from additional testing this is also appropriately applied). Total XP: 2500 (500 XP per Pokémon) If you are still getting the error, reset the app, wait a while (5-10 mins) then try again. After 35 mins of applying the Lucky Egg - Pokémon evolved without the Lucky Egg You can also gain additional candies by Evolving, or Transferring Pokémon to Professor Willow (1 per evolution/trade). Note: Trading will also remove the Pokémon from your collection permanently. If you are using an Android OS phone (as it appears you are from the image provided), you can still "swipe to close", which will safely close the app. I have done this multiple times, and I know that the experience is applied appropriately. I kept count of the amount of Pokémon I evolved and how many did/did not gain the XP bonus. So if your Poliwrath has a move like "Submission" (Fighting type move) then yes, that will have a bonus on Normal types. One you have claimed your bonus, you will need to wait 21 hours before claiming it again. You can gain additional bonuses if you have 1 Pokémon in other gyms as well (you can assign 1 Pokémon to multiple gyms, but you can't have multiple Pokémon in the same gym), which will increase your reward. However, this still is only available once every 21 hours, from the time you last collected your "Defender Bonus". You are eligible to claim the "Defender Bonus": Every time you catch a Pokémon from the same Evolution Tree (e.g. Pidgey, Pidgeotto and Pidgeot) you get 3 candies, labelled as the base evolution candy (e.g. 'Pidgey Candy'). You can build up candies quickly this way. What’s happening for a lot of people is that the animation of the Poke Ball has glitched, but the game itself has still registered that you caught the Pokémon. However, in extreme cases, you can "Force Stop" the app from the app settings menu. However this immediately and forcibly closes the app, killing all processes that may shut down the app safely. Doing so may cause a loss of data. The only other way of obtaining candies is through hatching Pokémon. This is similar to catching Pokémon; apart from the inability to know exactly what you will hatch, but with the bonus of recieving a larger quantity. I am uncertain of exactly how many you recieve, but it upwards of 5 candy for each Pokémon hatched. It depends on which phone you're using. If you are using an iPhone, you will need to "swipe" it to close it. Pokémon evolved under the effects of the Lucky Egg: Pay attention to the spinning white Poke Ball in the top left corner. This indicates that the game is loading; wait until that white ball disappears and then force close the app. Reload the game, and then the Pokémon should appear in your bag. Total XP: 24000 (1000 XP per Pokémon) Upon exiting to the map, I levelled up, and was greeted with a counter of 26500 XP.