Based on this, it appears that the age of seven is a common age, but not one that is dictated. 

The main difference (other than it being Catholic and not Protestant) is that most Protestant denominations don't have the resources, structure, and organization to make one mega-event. The scope of it is far beyond what most Protestant denominations could dream of. 

The closest answer I could find was this article from holyfirstcommunion.com . 

According to reformed theology, salvation is an individual thing. Denomination makes no difference. Again assuming the MacAurthur definition of "Christian", the most you can say is "due to the fact that the Church teaches erroneous statements about what it takes to be saved, it's less likely for a Catholic to be saved." 

He does an excellent job of defining what self-evidence is, and therefore showing how the existence of God meets (or doesn't meet) those definitions. 

Even better would be each item listed with the correct Catholic terminology with a layman's or potestnt synonym... Like 

These points, if true, clearly say that the Baptist distinctive beliefs have existed since long before the Reformation, and that the Baptist name simply was applied to the existing believers later. This could be extended to say that, since the Baptist Church isn't an organized Church with a central authority, in the sense that some other denominations are, the Baptist Church is identified by adherence to certain distinctives. Since these distinctives pre-date the Reformation and stretch back to the original Apostolistic New Testament Church, in a sense, the Baptist Church extends back to it as well. 

As such, the only objective answer to the question of why Baptists are called Protestants is that most of the world sees it that way, right or wrong. 

Historically, however, for how the other Popes that have retired.... 

This is probably a really poor analogy, but it helps me to keep principles simple, so here goes... 

The actual text of the Quam Singulari Decree can be found here. The section in which seven year-olds are mentioned reads as follows (emphasis mine): 

From that description, it doesn't sound much different in concept than similar Protestant "revival" events that are designed to educate, enlighten, encourage, and enlist youth to grow closer to God, to make commitments, and to encourage a lifetime of service to God and the Faith. 

Going beyond this, it is relatively clear, simply from some Google searches that seven is a very common age, even if it's not a dictated age, set in stone. E-How.com has a gift guide specific to giving a seven year old boy a meaningful First communion gift, 

I'm going to attempt to answer this in a way that is truthful, and accurate, but maybe not exactly what you're looking for. 

All other controversial materials aside, as I read this article about Raymond Burke, I'm curious about this line, and this line only (emphasis mine): 

This is prompted by this article, which states: 

Whether the Existence of God Is Self-Evident? 

However, it is one thing to say that the Catholic Church teaches things that are "wrong", and quite another to make a blanket statement that Catholics aren't Christians. 

Cardinal Walter Kasper of Germany, a close ally of the Pope, has proposed allowing the divorced and remarried to take Holy Communion, something presently banned in the Church. 

One last thing before the actual question, I really am interested in how this is handled in other denominations, but I don't want to turn this into a "list" question. And I don't want to re-post the same question over and over naming different denominations in each. So I'm going to focus on one Church with a central authority and a well-defined structure that interests me, and ask about them. 

A post on the Catholic Answers forum claims the purported miracle to be a fraud, because the Higher Council of the World Health Organization, which supposedly confirmed the findings of Dr. Edoardo Linoli, does not exist. 

As we can see, the Church holds that the soul is not part of physical evolution, not having been inherited from our parents. The first parents to have souls were Adam and Eve, whether they were the first of creation or evolved from previous soul-less hominids. Only Adam and Eve, and their successors can look forward to salvation, because only we have a soul. 

One of the Church Fathers to whom Leo could have referred was Origen, who not only treats the Genesis story as allegorical, but says (De Principiis, Book 4.23 [Translated from the Latin of Rufinus]): 

John Dominic Crossan says, in The Birth of Christianity, page 109, that there is "a fairly massive (but by no means total) consensus of contemporary critical scholarship holds that much of Matthew is copied from Mark's Gospel", but when we look at Mark 8:27-30, there is no mention of Peter as the rock, leaving open the suspicion that this is a literary elaboration on the part of Matthew's author. The First and Second Epistles of Peter make no mention of this commendation, although the authors make every effort to demonstrate Peter's authority and any reference to Jesus nominating Peter as the rock on which he would build his church would add greatly to the authority of the epistles' message. 1 Corinthians 10:4 says that Jesus is the rock.