Problems first arose when Morgenstern attempted to locate a copy of the critical catalog of Leibniz’s manuscripts, prepared early in the century by the editors of the interacademy edition of Leibniz’s works... when Morgenstern wrote the academy about it, they could offer no clue as to its whereabouts. Subsequent inquiries to the Smithsonian Institution and the Library of Congress proved equally fruitless, and in the end the mystery of the catalog’s disappearance never was explained." 

Aquinas wholeheartedly embraces interpreting matter as potentiality, but only as long as one is willing to make distinctions between different kinds of potentiality. And his preference is to avoid the "equivocation" altogether by restricting "material" to the tangible, corporeal. Kenny discusses the issue in detail in Aquinas on Mind, Ch.11. Here is Aquinas himself in Quaestiones Disputate de Anima: 

See also online discussions concerning Nietzsche on Marx, and Marx on Schopenhauer. 

There is a heated controversy as to what Wittgenstein tried to achieve in the Tractatus and whether he achieved it. 

But on this too Wittgenstein changed his mind by early 1930s: 

I used to think that Kuhn's "incommensurable paradigms" are an exaggeration, and perhaps they are, but there is a genuine problem there. Let us grant downward correspondence, that is that "less advanced" paradigms can be imported into "more advanced" ones using anachronistic translation, and cheerfully assume that today we know what's true. This still leaves the problem of Gettier knowledge. The justifications historical figures had for their beliefs invariably depended, at one place or another, on something that we now hold false. People often ask on the history site if people knew p before modern times, or who first discovered p. I usually give a colloquial answer, with reservations, and then try to explain how modern concepts emerged, and differ from the historical ones. Is there a more principled way? Kuhn's dissolution of the question as meaningless seems extreme, but the colloquial interpretation is hardly a satisfactory philosophical position. 

According to Morgenstern, Gödel also studied Leibniz's works very intensely in 1944-45. He was particularly excited about calculus ratiocinator and characteristica universalis, which "would facilitate theoretical mathematics to the same extent as the decimal system of numbers has facilitated numerical computations", and which he believed Leibniz "had developed... to a large extent". He also "found" in Leibniz anticipations of game theory, the paradoxes of set theory ("cloaked in the language of concepts, but exactly the same"), Helmholtz’s resonance theory of hearing, and the conservation of energy law. Morgenstern calls these "fantasies". 

This being said, there is a line beyond which philosophical frivolity collapses into junk science. Actually, let me correct that, there is no such line, there is only a wide blurry strip separating one from the other. Without trying to defend Foucault's "historical psychiatry" I'll point out that modern cognitive science is far from a firm consensus on mental disorders, especially in historical perspective, and was further from it at the time of History of Madness (1961) renamed into Madness and Civilization in 1964. Even Merquior, whose factual criticisms you are alluding to, admits that the point of the book is not historical accuracy but understanding modernity through its history, and "a call for the liberation of the Dionysian id", i.e. a form of cultural/spiritual expression. 

Zammito is even more critical of the impact of the linguistic turn on the philosophy of science, but he considers Quine's naturalized epistemology, cleared from his residual physicalism and behaviorism, a major positive advance. 

Replacing "spiritual matter" with esse may have worked for souls and angels, but interpreting the non-composite ("prime") matter as "the" material of the corporeal realm, while retaining its "pure potentiality", led to quaint conclusions about the said material. It appeared to be devoid of any content. Duns Scotus, and more forcefully Ockham, took this position to task, and completed the actualization of (now corporeal) matter. From Ockham's Summula Philosophiae Naturalis: 

Marx passed away in 1883 and Nietzsche started writing about philosophy only in 1878. He probably did not gain enough prominence for Marx to notice in his waning years. As for the influence the other way, Clark and Leiter write in Nietzsche: Daybreak, "there is no evidence, however, that Nietzsche ever read Marx". He was aware of socialists and Young Hegelians more broadly, like Strauss, Stirner and Feuerbach, and yes, his individualism and emphasis on the historical role of "exceptional individuals", was antithetical to socialism and historical materialism, and his philosophy of life was antithetical to everything rationalism, especially Hegel. This said, he did embrace the Heraclitean aspects of Hegel, the becoming, the flux of life, irrationalized and vitalized by Schopenhauer. So there is one point of contact between Nietzsche, and especially early Marx of Young Hegelian days and alienation from Economic and Philosophic Manuscripts of 1844 (Stirner wrote in a similar spirit), — the Hegelian dialectic. 

The main deviation of Kant from Hume is that while Hume denied the possibilty of non-empirical knowledge altogether, Kant pointed out that mathematics or the principle of causality in physics, which Hume criticized most ardently, are treated as true a priori, i.e. non-empirically. However, he sought a justification for this not in metaphysics of "reality", but in our own constitution. His ingenious idea was that we ourselves insert non-empirical aspects into our own experience:"So the Humean problem is completely solved, though in a way that would have surprised its inventor… the complete reverse of anything that Hume envisaged — instead of the concepts (of the understanding) being derived from experience, that experience is derived from them". 

If you want a gap look at the continental philosophy after 1950s. The big names, Merleau-Ponty, Sartre, Foucault, Derrida, Lacan, Deleuze, Badiou are all conspicuously French. Of course, there is Gadamer and the Frankfurt school, but that is a far cry from Kant, Hegel, Nietzsche, Husserl or Heidegger. Perhaps, Nazism in Germany and the flight of intellectuals left a lasting mark on German speaking philosophy.