If you could show (1) is correct, then (2) is also correct via (3). But you can't prove (1) if (2) is correct unless you assert something like: 

Vinko Vrsalovic suggested about this paragraph that it's the same or equivalent to "It is inconsistent as seen from a logical framework." to quote Lennart Regebro's answer. I disagree. Consider this example: I have the power to jump off a high building, cut my wrists and crash my car into a wall at 100 MPH. But I don't do these things because I chose not to. Or suppose I had the ability to tread water forever. That doesn't mean I must always demonstrate that power. Or to put things another way, God has the power to break the rules of logic, but for whatever reason doesn't. Whatever his purposes may be, they do not include the need to make a stone he cannot move. 

This is the exclusive "or", which is much harder to show than the usual inclusive "or" found in (3). Binary choices are common in artificial environments (such as computers), but are more difficult to assert in cases where binary choices are not common. In the real world, it's harder to assert something like: either God exists or evil exists, but not both. It's not immediately clear that propositions in the form (4) are to be preferred over propositions of the form (3). Intuitively, we'd assume the reverse. 

Does this mean He is nonsensical? Not obviously. He may, of course, choose to be sensible to humanity. Here is the intuitive reason I think there should be some such logic. A nominalist/formalist may see classical mathematics as a useful game of symbols played by time tested rules, now formally codified. Excluded middle is one of the rules and is perfectly admissible, but if the rules can not determine the truth value of a statement, then that's it - there is no Platonic realm to reach into for a missing piece. Something like the continuum hypothesis simply has no truth value. As someone quipped, most mathematicians are Platonists, most non-mathematicians are nominalists, so this view may be widely held. 

Frege is the founder of a program called logicism that aimed to reduce all of mathematics to logic. In order to reduce mathematics to logic Frege had to expand what is meant by logic. Before him Locke, Kant and others understood by logic only Aristotle's syllogistic, which is a manipulation of simple implications (syllogisms). Frege's Logic went much further, and encompassed all of arithmetic in particular, if not all of set theory. But derivable from logic alone is what all three meant by "analytic". Under logicism all of mathematics would be analytic, including much of what Kant called "synthetic a priori" (but not the parts related to geometry and physics). So both Locke and Frege were right, they just meant different things by "analytic". 

Now he goes about "falsifying" Pp, by demonstrating that his new [conflicting] theory, P1, fits the data cleanly while Pp looks less reasonable because it is a poor match to the data. To "prove" P1 using the scientific method, he uses one final proposition, the null-hypothesis, P0: "Pea plant crossings do not operate near a 3:1 ratio with a random variance around that point." If the data from his upcomming rejects this P0, then the only valid theory remaining is P1. In this case, I think you could fill in the missing premise with your premise 5: "Since women have as much right to self-esteem as men, women should earn as money as men." and you would create a more complete argument. However, since the book isn't actually asking for the missing premise (they're just using it to help explain what's going on), they chose a simpler premise. As for how [4] implies [5], it doesn't. It's the other way around. Your [5] implies [4] is a needed part of the argument. If you use your [5], "Since women have as much right to self-esteem as men, women should earn as money as men," there would still be a missing premise, because there's no obvious connection between a woman's rights to self-esteem and money. That connection can only be made by also including [4], "Money is an essential part of self-esteem." Only through [4] can you defend [5]