During adult baptism, same question is asked directly to the person (src: Rite for baptism of adults). Note that during an infant baptism, the Parents and Godparents reply 'I do'. They are responding in the place of the Child. This rite is repeated on every Easter vigil too. 

To the godfather, godmother, parents and spouse of a baptized adult, together with the lay catechists who have prepared him, in the Mass of initiation; 

Illicit but valid: Mass performed by an excommunicated priest Or priestly ordination of men without papal approval. By the word important, if you mean the importance of participating in the Mass. Then important Mass would be Mass on Sundays and other Days of Obligation. There are specific ranks assigned to certain days. But this does not make the Mass more important (in the sense others are less important) in anyway. But it is important in the sense that they have to attend it. 

...but any human person seems unlikely as a suitable foundation for the whole church of Jesus on the earth... why does the Catholic Church adhere to this point of view? What is the reason that the CC adheres to this idea that Peter could be the foundation for the whole church of Jesus? Why then didn't Mary qualify to be our savior instead of Jesus? 

Does anyone know when this practice first became accepted? The following is a complete list of the translations of the Sacred Scriptures that have received the approval of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops since 1983 src: 

Celebrant: Do you reject sin, so as to live in the freedom of God′s children? 

Popes might validly succeed each other if and only if they have proper apostolic succession (i.e they are validly consecrated bishops). This is why Stephen II is not considered a pope. In Gospels In Acts In New testament No other apostles has this unique mission of leading the Apostles/early Church as evident in the Bible. Other than the process becoming faster than before, I do not think there are any other impacts. After-all canonizations are infallible proclamations by the Pope. 

Mary is the Queen of Universe because Christ is the King of Universe. In the example you have pointed out, in giving a homily, there is no question of validity as there is no Sacrament. But it is illicit because it is against the established norms of the Church. 

First part of every Mass always starts with Readings from the bible. This is called the Liturgy of the Word. (Priests are required to read prayers from the bible three times a day. This is called divine office. Along with the Mass, divine office is the only public prayer of the Catholic Church) In consequence of a Special Privilege of Grace from God, Mary was free from every personal sin during her whole life. - Fundamentals of Catholic Dogma by Ludwig Ott 

Pope John Paul II abolished the Promotor fidei (Promoter of the Faith) office, better known as Advocatus diaboli (Devil's advocate) in 1983 It is because of what Mass is to the catholic church. Mass is the Single most important commandment given by Christ to do until the end of times (Do this in remembrance of me Lk 22 / 1 Cor 11). 

Also remember that the perfect non-divine human being, the mother of God was not a priest. The correct bible that a Catholic is supposed to use is the Latin Vulgate Bible. That is the official bible of the Catholic Church. That is the one which is used in papal masses. 

Catholic Church does not say it is necessary to receive Communion in one species alone. It says it is sufficient to receive Communion in one species alone. To the parents, relatives and special benefactors, who take part in the Mass of a newly ordained priest. 

Reply to Objection 3: As discussed above, karma can appear in both negative and positive forms, while grace is a purely positive gift of God. Here's what the Catechism of the Catholic Church has to say about baptism and why it can only be received once: Vestment Color Indicating Liturgical Season With respect to vestment color, the appropriate document for the Catholic Church is the General Instruction of the Roman Missal, which has quite a long section on the color of vestments as part of Chapter VI, "The Requisites For The Celebration Of Mass". 3 to exercise any ecclesiastical offices, ministries, or functions whatsoever or to place acts of governance. 

This is a total of all self-described Christians whose deaths might be ascribed to the Catholic Church, whether they're considered precursors of Baptists or not. In conflicts (the Dutch Revolt, the French War of Religion, the Thirty Years' War) for which separate numbers of Catholic and Protestant deaths were not given, I assumed that all people killed were Protestants. This is almost certainly quite far from the truth. This is the highest possible estimate I could get from the numbers; the low estimate (taking the lowest estimate of non-conflict casualties, and assuming that casualties from conflicts were about half Protestant and half Catholic) is about 4 million. The conflicts were in part caused by religious divisions, but they were political events as much as if not more than religious events; calling them "deaths caused by the Catholic Church" grossly misrepresents the causes and structure of the conflict, in my opinion. Nevertheless, I have included them to attempt to inflate the numbers as much as possible. Based on my review of both the sources which provide the "50 million" number, and the historical evidence regarding the events to which the sources allude, I conclude that there is no historical reason whatsoever for believing that this number is anywhere close to accurate. So, it seems to me that the USCCB, or whatever subsidiary this is, feels no need to object to these policies. And to the contrary is highly respectful of them, pointing out that the HIPAA release papers demand is justified by the intended level trust and support in their community, which implicitly makes the request a bit extraordinary. Whether that level of respect for HIPAA and medical privacy extends to every "application" may be a different matter. 

According to the Church, in what way, how, and when was this mandate or precedent given? What [sound] theology and Patristic writing supports the Church's interpretation of that mandate and/or precedent? 

However, there's plenty to be said about the justness of the Affordable Care Act in other regards. The USCCB has issued multiple statements regarding the infringement on justice and moral freedom that the law as-is currently imposes. One, issued on 6/28/12 highlights (again) the lack of protection for those who wish not to contribute, on religious or moral grounds, to plans including abortion and contraceptive coverage.