Update: The LDS Church recently issued this statement about their partnership with the Boy Scouts. 

You can talk about what the interior of the temple looks like, and you can freely share the feelings you have in the temple. However, temple covenants and ordinances, including the words used, are too sacred to be discussed in detail outside the temple. By avoiding discussion of these sacred things outside the temple, we protect them from mocking, ridicule, or disrespect. Do not be casual when talking about your experiences in the temple. 

The Old Testament promises us the spirit of Elijah (in Malachi 4): 

From the Title Page of the Book of Mormon (emphasis added): 

From the Church History Institute Manual, Chapter 12, "Zion's Camp": 

That interpretation is "Mormonlore" which, I believe, spawns from a careless reading of D&C 61 (also see the section heading): 

The importance of religious freedom. The Book of Mormon teaches about good leadership and government, especially as it pertains to the free practice of religion. Latter-day Saints and the Church are thus strong advocates for religious freedom. (Mosiah 29) 

The context is that of early missionaries traveling by boat to their assigned areas of labor. Here the Lord is reminding them that they ought not pass by all the people along the river on their way up, and that instead they should go preach to them on the way. This is not unlike missionaries today who drive from appointment to appointment... most are encouraged to stop and talk to people along the way. 

It just so happens that regular bread and water are more available and make for a simpler ceremony, especially considering that it's usually the young men in the church who prepare and administer that ordinance. 

There is no teaching in the LDS church that says, "You shouldn't go swimming." Yes, they preach modesty even in swimming suits as much as possible and practical, but this isn't to say that swimming is evil or anything of the sort. 

6 Nevertheless, all flesh is in mine hand, and he that is faithful among you shall not perish by the waters. 

Revelation 14:6-7. (An angel flying in the midst of heaven that had the everlasting gospel. This was Moroni, who buried the Book of Mormon, who later as a resurrected being, brought forth the Book of Mormon by Joseph Smith to go forth to all the earth.) 

12 For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ: 

The whole chapter is interesting history. See this for more information. 

Both the Bible and certain LDS scriptures refer to those who chose to follow God in the pre-mortal life (and, to use your words, "passed the test") as those who "kept their first estate" (e.g. Jude 1:6; see also Isaiah 14). 

Knowing lineages allows Latter-day Saints to perform ordinances for their deceased ancestors in temples if they had not received them while living. Even though everyone is saved from death by Christ's resurrection, without the necessary ordinances we cannot live in God's presence with our family and become like He is. Thus, genealogy becomes vital in helping our families receive the ordinances of the gospel (like baptism). 

The LDS church sponsors scouting programs for their boys, and I understand that many LDS young men attain the rank of Eagle, the highest rank in Boy Scouts. 

Ammon, a missionary in the Book of Mormon, teaches the relationship between faith and works: 

Again, many of these are touched on in the Bible, but not wholly or completely enough to be unambiguous or not leave significant room for interpretation (hence the many different Christian denominations). But off the top of my head, these are the primary doctrines that are the least clear or mentioned in the Bible and the most clear and discussed in the Book of Mormon. 

Remember that we believe the Bible is not perfect. That over the course of time information has been lost (whether deliberately or by virtue of translation, it doesn't matter). We learn from the Book of Mormon, 1 Nephi 13:25-26 (my emphasis): 

1 Nephi chapter 13 is actually a lengthy prophecy. It makes for an interesting read. But, to specifically answer your questions: 

Part of the problem is the history of that particular book. Published in 1852, when the Iron Curtain fell over East Germany all religious books published 1920 and later had to be destroyed. Though it had to be smuggled into the country, the Soviet government generally allowed the 1852 edition to be kept and used. This over-use of the edition made it a rare LDS book. Available editions are now valued at $110,000. Most of the existing editions today are held by libraries. 

When viewed from the belief that Joseph Smith was not a prophet and the LDS church is false, or that the Bible is perfect and unchanged from the day it was written1, the only conclusion is that Joseph was writting himself into history. 

The Hebrew word for "virgin" isn't used in the original text. The word that is used is most commonly translated "young girl." Does this upset my faith? Of course not. But if King James' monks, who I do not believe had authority from God to translate His word, can't be trusted not to bias their translation in favor of their preferred belief, neither can anyone else who does not have, as I believe, authority from God to do so. From Joseph's journal (today referred to as the "Documentary History of the Church or DHC) we read: