Instead if you pay attention to the chain wear, buy chains on sale ( $20 at the end of the summer. ), you'll have a gear train that works as good as new it's whole life. I fully expect to get at least another 10K km out of that cassette and the chainrings should likely last as long as I ride that bike. There's also the fact of variation in the manufacturing process. We are talking about very small measurements. Given all the potential sources of error, I think it's a mistake to focus too much on any specific number. Once the chain starts to wear, it essentially grinds on the gears with every pedal stroke; the whole thing goes downhill quickly. If the chain shows wear at 800 miles, you'll start having problems at 1000 miles. How soon you replace things after that depends on your tolerance for an imperfect drivetrain; the problem is that the gears do not wear evenly. The least used gears stay at the "old" chain spacing and get harder and harder to use over time. You have to be aware that just because a measuring tool has different measurements, it does not mean the tool has that accuracy or that repeatability of measurements. You can probably argue the economics either way, I don't include the cost of my time in dealing with chain maintenance. And while I spend more on chains than most people, I spend a lot less on cassettes and chainrings. It comes down to how much you enjoy working on bikes, having well working shifting and how long you plan to keep the bike. FWIW, the mechanical engineering analysis that I have read about the mechanics of chains states that almost all the load is spread across the first 3 links that are in contact with the sprocket. So as long as you have 3 links in contact with the sprocket, you aren't increasing the load. Good Luck, and look for cheap bulk chain on ebay.... If you replace the chains early, you can get way more than 4 or 5 chains per cassette. A chain is about the cheapest part to replace on a bike and it's certainly the cheapest part of the drive train.