Idra would go on to win 3-1 vs Tarson before losing to an unexpected build in the finals (MarroW’s 5 Rax Mass Reapers), but those are just details. Within hours, forums would be flooded with questions and experiments on The Magic Box. There are a couple good videos demonstrating its use, but I find the following to be the best: 

Expanding As you'll see more in section 5, Terran has a very heavy defensive arsenal. As a result many players will make few expansions. However, this practice is not characteristic of the race as a whole. The ability to fly Command Centers, combined with Planetary Fortress allow for safe expanding for even fortified Terran. Command Centers can safely be constructed behind allied lines and moved into position. Once landed Planetary Fortress provides for relative safety from harassment until more effective fortifications can be constructed. It is worth noting that Planetary Fortress cannot be lifted off, and should only be constructed after the Command Center has landed, and even then sparingly. 

This is actually the best possible thing to happen for you as a zerg player. He's running just Phoenixes and he has given you map control FOR FREE. After the early bracket play, you have just emerged the Leader of your group only to struggle (3-2) in the Quarter Finals of the IEM against a relatively unknown Terran, SarenS. A long time proponent of “TvZ is imbalanced,” you’re faced again in the semi-finals against another Terran player, Tarson. Once again, you’re forced into your least favorite match up, where you constantly feel you have to outplay your opponent by a significant margin just to beat an “inferior” player. Imagine how that must feel for you, once again to be face to face with an unfair system. As you can see after your first 16 workers the gain per worker starts to decrease dramatically. As a result when you start an expansion you should shift any excess workers (over 16) to the new expansion. 

The original research can be found in this paper: Worker Income Efficiency in Starcraft II By Chet 'Cheticus' V. The paper reports original data collection and methods, as well as the formula's uses for the 'least squares regression.' 

The Magic Box is a technique which gives Mutalisks the advantage against Thors. For a long time people considered Thors to be the “Hard Counter” to Mutalisks, and it’s not hard to see why. A Thor costs 300 Minerals and 200 Gas, has a DPS of 8 (or 16 vs Light, which Mutalisks are) and 400 Hit Points. Since gas is often a limiting factor in building costs, conventional philosophy dictates that you could build 2 Mutalisks for the same price (100 Gas each), each doing 5.92 dps (or 8.55 spread across three targets), and having 120 Hit Points. The armchair math is thus, 400 HP @ 8.55*2 dps vs 240 HP @ 16 dps. It’s not hard to see which will die first. What’s even worse, for the Zerg player, Thors do splash damage, and Mutalisks have a tendency to bunch up (as air units often do). As a result, a sufficient force of Thors could wipe out a much larger force of Mutalisks. Player A gets full vision of the map. 

Finally, note that if you watch a lot of vids and up your Brain score by 4 points to 9, you're a 9 times 5 or 45. If you instead watched some vids and practice some "Speed", you're now 7 times 7, or 49. In other words, try to balance out both strategy and execution. 

Player B has a artificial cap on number of workers and/or food. 

Player A gets an easy to defend base to start, Player B's base is in a pit surrounded by high ground. 

Player A gets X minerals/gas per minute, automatically. Your units cost more food (or your supply units provide less pop)? this would be more "normal" than reducing the damage or HP of your units. So your buddy will still learn that X marines beat Y zealots, but you'd have less zealots. this would of course run the risk of your instincts getting confused when you switch back to regular games. 

Player A gets a high yield base to start, Player B gets a base with only 1 gas. If you have a 10 for Brain but a 1 for Speed (IE you know exactly what your opponent is thinking, but you can barely use a mouse), your total score is 10. If you are as dumb as a pile of bricks (Brain 1) but have great mouse skills (Speed 10), you might also have a score of 10. but a guy with moderate brains and fingers might have a score of 5 times 5 or 25, which would beat both of the extremely lopsided guys.