One more caveat: If the customer is requiring the use of a brand new technology that is not well known in industry, then a seller can negotiate training as part of its work proposal. That would be reasonable but also pre-negotiated. UAT is part of the SDLC. It is part of product development as a quality risk mitigation to help improve the product before go-live. To try to create a scenario where liability of a defect needs to get paid for by the vendor will create behavior that is inconsistent with the goal of improving quality. The vendor will defend itself against defect identification and you will spend a lot of time--and money--trying to get a defect acknowledged and worked on. Also, you can expect the vendor to take way more time--and charge you way more money--to build the product before UAT to reduce its risk of penalty. Known unknowns and unknown unknowns are a certainty in projects. Who is liable for them is a contractual issue. If you don't want to pay for each surprise, then pursue a fixed contract; but don't fool yourself, you will pay for these surprises in the fixed price in some fashion. If, under a T&M, you try to push the liability of these surprises to the vendor, then you can expect the vendor to protect itself by 1) not reporting the issue, 2) focusing blame on other causes, 3) rerouting its best talent to other more profitable work and committing mediocre talent to your project, 4) increasing hours rates a the next period of negotiations, or a combination of these. I think you want to pursue a partnership with your vendors for a win win solution. Protecting yourself on one side might mean you're going to pay dearly on the other side. Another thing to remember about the Hawthorne Effect is it was found in an operations setting where work was ongoing. They found an increase in performance caused by a benign variable, that decreased over time. With projects and sprints, you have a start - stop function. Therefore, you will not observe a steady decrease back to baseline. In this type of scenario, what you will likely observe is performance variability of up and down trends that may or may not be due to anything you implemented. You will simply need many observations over quite a period of time to rule out random effects, Hawthorne, or bias. For those that had such heartburn with my answer, let's bring it home. Say you hired a landscaping company T&M (hourly) to get your yard ready for summer. Two hours in, you look out and see all eight sitting in a circle on your lawn being taught about different types of soil and which is more conducive for different types of flowers, taking up two hours. After a total of eight hours, they finish and you get a bill for eight hours x each employee. Would you pay it? If so, I would like to sell you some lawn services.