The paradox of relatability is that the more specific, individual, idiosyncratic characters are quite often the most relatable; while characters that are created to be universal are often the least relatable. 

There's always something that betrays tension however. Physical tells (like in poker) include things like clenched fists, pursed lips, a twitch in the eye, or a strained tone of voice. The verbal tells for someone who is very controlled can sometimes be paradoxical. I personally tend to get exaggeratedly polite when I'm angry. Some people can appear very casual, or make little jokes. Another way to show tension is to let a little of it leak out around the sides --a sudden explosion of anger or a curse word inserted into a sentence by someone who doesn't usually curse. I would advise that if you take this route, you keep it brief, and make sure that what you give the reader serves to prepare them for the introduction of your protagonist. In the Harry Potter example, the prologue offers a great deal of important context about Harry, and frames him as a significant figure. If it had just been (for example) a random day in the life of Dumbledore, the effect might have been quite different. (I thought @what gave a great answer, which I upvoted, but it also made me want to look for counterexamples.) 

I think the decisive factor is not whether the conflict is "strong" or "weak", or whether it is character or plot-driven or both, it's how real it feels. If you are creating your characters and situations first, and then adding in inner conflicts as a way to add depth and drama after-the-fact, it may feel forced and cursory. In the example you gave in the comments, you admit that the vengeance subplot is a non-starter. "IC" can't just be a checkbox you hit on the way to the finish line. Let's say that your character is a key figure in bringing an end to this disastrous war. Let's see her on the brink of signing the peace treaty --what's the real conflict here, what's true to her character? Maybe you can convert the weakness of the vengeance plot into a strength. Maybe her plan all along was to sabotage the peace, out of a misguided sense of family loyalty. She's told herself that everything she's done was just to maneuver herself into this position, but now that she's here, she realizes she doesn't really want to go through with it. She doesn't really want the war to go on, she just feels like she should. The point here isn't the specifics, it's that you have to seek conflicts that are inherent to your story, not ones that are tacked on.