At dinner one evening, you can say you have a serious announcement. Then tell your mom and dad that you're pregnant. You're really sorry you slipped up, but it will all be OK, not to worry, because you're in love and you plan to marry the father. Unfortunately, you can't bring the father over to meet them because he's wearing an ankle monitor and can't leave his house for a few more months. Or, you can go to your school counselor and start meeting weekly with them to discuss the situation at home. What your mom is doing is unhealthy in a lot of ways, especially for you. When your counselor feels they have a good grip on the situation, they can meet with your parents. At the same time, though, it sounds like you don't expect enough from your son and that you make excuses for behaviors which are ultimately bad for him. Just isolating a few lines from your update, you say: He is 13, and he's on a pretty seriously life-threatening course (I'm concerned especially with the alcohol abuse, the blackouts, the illegality of his behavior, the quality of his life, and the life-threatening aspect of alcohol abuse. The marijuana use is concerning as well; but the alcohol abuse - and their combined use - is truly alarming.) This situation didn't happen overnight and it won't go away overnight. The following is one of many possible scenarios (alter as you see fit). A young teenager in any society is likely ill-equipped to make wise decisions for adults. I understand that you love her and you want her to be happy. To that end, as a parent you owe her love, shelter, food, stability, some amenities and guidance. It sounds like you've given her that and more. Now, maybe you can teach her the importance and rewards of respecting the needs of others. I presume this is not someone with whom she had a relationship, but someone she has never met in person (if I'm wrong, please correct me). Did she first make contact with the friend online? What is your general policy about a 14 year old meeting up with someone she met online? The fact that her parents are hostile to you complicates matters considerably, but consider the alternatives, and make your decision. At what age do you (as parents) think your daughter should start dating? Kids find ways around rules, but dating at 14 is not permitted by many parents. Dating and asking for airfare to do so strikes me as unrealistic on your daughter's part. Being strong enough to follow your dream after having gained financial security is a valuable lesson, perhaps much more valuable than the example of selflessness you would set in giving in to someone else's (in this case, her) wishes. Next, tell him he's old enough to appreciate all you do for him, and that while you will always love him and be his mother, your days of serving him are over starting now. He needs to do his own cleaning up after himself, his laundry, etc. If he doesn't do his dishes, put them aside, and tell him he can use them in whatever condition they're in for his next meal. Offer to teach him how to do laundry and how to cook. Preparing yourself ahead of time for his balking will help when he complains. Getting at-risk teens out of their home environment - where friends and social pressures may reinforce self-destructive behaviors - is a potent tool, one you can still use in your child's teens. Once he moves out or turns 18, you have no such ability. Therapy gone wild Wilderness Therapy as a Treatment Modality for At-Risk Youth: A Primer for Mental Health Counselors If you expect so little from him, why should he believe in himself? Yes, he had to wear the same old clothes. That's called a natural consequence. If that (and the rest) pains you too much, you aren't doing him any favors.