-> The solution with the least risk for injury are the child seats! 

Background: our son (9 months old) is often bored and I think he might enjoy music, but I'm not sure which one to take and how to select. (So for the given reasons we did not try that medicament yet.) My son (5) sometimes changes his mood suddenly. Sure this is somehow normal human behavior, but it can drive us mad. The practical problem: Even though he wears diapers (slip type, which he can put on by himself) in the night, it happens very often (sometimes daily) that the bed is really wet when he awakes in the morning. 

... and this also explains, why his behavior and reactions might be different from that of >80% of the other children and therefore maybe different from the experience of 80% of other parents. 

I'd assume that some classical music might be well suited, but for sure there might be alternatives. 

We could not find a fixed scheme, at which time in the night he urinates. Mostly, the diaper is still dry when we wake him up, but sometimes it is not. And mostly the diaper will then still be dry in the morning, but sometimes it isn't. I think the composition of diner and what/how much he has drunk in the evening has a major effect. 

At any rate, the uncomfortable stage only lasted a week or two, then if the glasses came off it was by accident, maybe once per day for our daughter. We have friends with a son who got glasses at a very early age, and they had to get a strap to keep his from falling off, since he is so active. 

The other thing to keep in mind is just like everything else, your son will outgrow his glasses pretty quickly. Adults can generally wait for their prescription to change, or the glasses to wear out. My eye insurance will pay for a new pair every two years for me, but your son may need his replaced more frequently than that. If he suddenly stops wanting to wear them after doing good for a while, they have probably become too tight. Somehow parents can't resist asking why anyway, but I can count on one hand the number of times I've received an answer that makes sense to me. Just resign yourself to it being the parent's job to figure out why, and if you're lucky, your kids will confirm it for you. Our daughter got her glasses around her first birthday. The biggest issue at first is the glasses are uncomfortable and they will keep taking them off. At one year old, all we could do was keep putting them back on over and over and over. At three, you probably have more options, like the same incentives you used for potty training.