ONE. While the people of Moses' day could not appreciate the complexities of the double helix and the human genome, they did realize that all living critters, including humans, give birth to other living critters "after their kind." the assurance that whatever decision the church makes, whether to bind the accused sinner or to loose the accused sinner, it will also be either bound or loosed in heaven Nathan then responded to the enraged king, Our part in this great salvation wrought for us is to believe in the name of Jesus, and all that that entails, and to receive Him into our lives by faith. Water baptism for believers is good, but it is icing on the cake of our initial obedience to the gospel message, which occurs within our hearts. Appearances Can Be . . . Deceiving Who but the Son of God in power could endure such intense suffering? Who but King Jesus could evidence such love (John 3:16)? Who but the Son of Man could exercise such self-control that he chose not to summon 12 legions of angels to rescue him from a painful death, but chose rather to earn his given name, Yeshua, meaning "God saves" or "God is salvation"? (Luke 1:31). God does, however, communicate with his creatures through general revelation (see especially Psalms 8 and 19) and special revelation (Scripture, and other means, such as dreams, visions, speech via human personages, and more). We think of the latter as "silent" and the former and "audible" (or readable) through language. While there was tremendous variety in human language and communication systems both before and after--especially after--the Tower of Babel (Genesis 11:7), what unites mankind is our need to communicate within ourselves intra-personally, and with other people (and animals, too) interpersonally, via verbal and nonverbal means (e.g., gestures and other means and cues, both silent and non-silent). Glossing over, for the time being, the prophet's persuasive use of figurative language to make his point (I am, after all, a rhetorician!), the writers of the Judeo-Christian Scriptures and their audiences were well aware of the variety of ways in which words could be used. Silent cues could include miming with one's visible body parts, and non-silent cues such as singing, grunting, imitating animals, and even subtler cues which are communicated and interpreted with such rapidity that it is difficult to describe and quantify them with any degree of exactitude.