The weakest link is the "additivity of cause" premise. It is true of Newtonian forces, but that part is empirical, and not in an intuitive way, unlike geometry. Quen_tin points out that two narrowly separated bodies falling differently than two touching ones leads to a counterintuitive discontinuity. That is true, but "touching" is not the same as "strapped together". The strapping introduces rigidity that turns two bodies into a single item, it is not a priori clear that the cause should move this item just as it would two bodies that are only touching. Aristotle would probably reject this premise, especially since to him falling is a "natural" motion rather than "forced". So his theory is not exactly self-contradictory or counterintuitive, but Galileo's argument is still valid under broader assumptions than just Newtonian physics. A popular response is the two stage model of free will, where at the first stage actionable alternatives are "freely" generated, and at the second the one that "best" suits our goals and desiresis "willed". Trouble is that the "free" stage is not willed, the "will" stage is not free, and the freedom itself is reduced to imperfection, inability to survey all possible alternatives. Although the model itself is relatively uncontroversial (both Dennett and Kane accept it!) it concedes the Hobbesian split into chance and necessity, and merely shifts the dilemma to the second stage. But it is questionable that the law of non-contradiction holds even with "at the same time". Heraclitus famously said "we do and do not step into the same river, we are and we are not", this is what Plato termed "becoming". According to him, "what becomes and never is" is not subject to "logos", only "aesthêsis alogos", irrational sense. If the becoming and sense perception are taken seriously the law of non-contradiction fails already for sentences about classical objects, without any need for quantum mechanics. This point of view is taken in yet another kind of logic, dialetheic logic anticipated by Wittgenstein. Norton himself looks for solution by localizing induction schemas to specific material domains, where they are licensed by "material facts". This resolves the universality vs functioning dilemma in favor of functioning, but he himself admits that it still creates a regress of "material facts" with unclear prospects of termination. It looks like the problem of induction will remain with us for the foreseeable future.