Edited to respond to the new version of the question. To respond more generally about Bible Study as necessary for salvation: Those are the sort of thing you will hear if you talk to a 'liberal' Christian about a Jesus who saves. Every person's journey to God is different. God understands that, and is capable of revealing himself, drawing you to him, in a way that is specific and meaningful for you. He actively wants to do this, and your job is to cooperate if you wish. 

Let me state the views of those who believe baptism is not necessary for salvation. (It's not just Protestants by the way - Catholics teach that actual physical baptism is not absolutely necessary for salvation. There are several circumstances where substitutes for it are acceptable). 

It should be said that Christians who say that baptism is not absolutely necessary for salvation don't deny the importance of baptism, or that it is a command from God, or that everyone should be baptized. They would just say that God is capable of forgiving whoever he wants to forgive, and isn't restricted by any rules. Catholics, like other Christians, do not believe that going through certain rituals (such as mass and confession) get you to heaven. They believe that there is benefit from doing those things, but they are not the criteria for salvation. So to respond to your edited question 

Obviously being a Christian involves belief in God. You will need to come to a belief in God at some point in your journey. But don't start by 'assuming' his existence: examine the evidence and decide for yourself. Believing in his existence is also not necessarily the first step. I know people who started their walk with God by living a Christian life to the best of their ability, without necessarily believing in its truth. As the practice seemed to 'work' for them, that increased in them the belief that there must be a reality underlying the teachings. Significant numbers of Anglicans might well believe that God would not condemn an infant killed before they had a chance to understand and receive the message of salvation. While we often use the word 'salvation' as if it was synonymous with 'rescue', in the original languages it doesn't really mean that in a simple way. The word has connections with both 'healing' and 'wholeness'. It would be as reasonable to say that "Jesus heals us" or "Jesus makes us whole" as to say "Jesus saves us". In fact many 'liberal' Christians are driven by a desire to get away from a 'caricatured' Christianity, in which Jesus' only reason for coming was to make sure that we don't go to Hell when we die, and our only purpose on Earth is to tell other people how they can avoid Hell. 

In the UK, one of the best-known 'liberal Christians' is David Jenkins, former Bishop of Durham. Jenkins famously gave an interview, just before his consecration, in which he said that God would not have arranged a virgin birth, and that the resurrection was not a literal, physical event. This got him a lot of flak from traditional Christians, who believed he had abandoned the Christian faith. However in subsequent interviews it became clear that Jenkins was much closer to orthodoxy than first appeared. He did not deny the resurrection - he simply believed it was a spiritual event, rather than physical, and not any less real for that. He did not deny the existence of God, or that Jesus was his Son, or even the possibility of miracles. Jenkins has always described himself as Christian, and while his theology may be different from many, he certainly follows what he believes to be Christian truth. He is far from alone in these views.