Going back to the charity example, "Thou shalt not shun charity" has perhaps enough flexibility to preclude the gut reaction against intrusiveness and restrictiveness, and at the same time "shun" can be constructively interpreted as a practically establishable "negative fact". Of course, not by strict logic modeled on scientific observations and experiments, but ethics is not science. Outside of classical logic it may not be necessary to "express every possible scenario". Establishing whether someone shunned charity or not will require judgement calls based on some, perhaps vague, communal norms. They may or may not involve frequency and amounts in a context dependent way, with the context including giver's means, price levels, inflation rate, etc. But presumably it can be reasonably accomplished in most cases, and hence can be ethically functional. Similarly, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor" can be made contextually meaningful. The problem of indefinite scope only arises when one tries to come up with absolutist descriptions valid for all times and places, which is typically unworkable. 

SEP has a nice article on Spinoza's Theory of Attributes. Brouwer gives precedence to ‘two-ity’ in his account of the natural numbers. It is not good enough to merely start with a unit to obtain the natural numbers. Once we become aware of a sensation passing into another sensation, for example, we have the foundation for the abstract two-ity out of which the natural numbers are generated. Suppose we were to mark this awareness as ( | ) | to indicate the retention in memory of what was sensed earlier. This ‘two-ity’ can then be an element of a new two-ity: (( | ) | ) |, and so on... Brouwer emphasizes how in this successive, sequential structure with its ordering of ‘before’ and ‘after’ the ‘before-after’ or ‘first-second’ are held together in consciousness so that we have unity in multitude." 

Thus, the relation between the soul and the body parts is asymmetric, the parts are accidents which can be removed and/or replaced without affecting the soul, while it would not work the other way. Moreover, not only is the soul independently active it is also self-subsistent: 

PHILONOUS. I am content, Hylas, to appeal to the common sense of the world for the truth of my notion. Ask the gardener, why he thinks yonder cherry-tree exists in the garden, and he shall tell you, because he sees and feels it; in a word, because he perceives it by his senses. Ask him, why he thinks an orange-tree not to be there, and he shall tell you, because he does not perceive it." Conceivability and possibility arguments became fashionable after Kripke made modal logic respectable by providing semantics for it in terms of possible worlds. However, to make it applicable to anything real one needs a way to decide what is possible. This gave rise to "imaginability" and "conceivability" as "guides" to possibility. The game is to argue that in some circumstances our sense of possibility is refined enough so that what we can imagine or conceive turns out to be possible. This usually concerns the traditional epistemic possibility. But in counterfactual reasoning we often "restrain" our imagination to what Kripke calls "metaphysical possibility" with closer ties to the actual world, so Nixon could possibly lose the 1968 election, but could not possibly be an alien.