Hadith, ahadith and sunnah: Hadith is the singular of ahadith or sometimes written Hadiths it includes all transmitted sayings or doings of the Prophet. Note that many hadith collections also include sayings and doings of the sahaba (the companions of the Prophet Muhammad) and tabi'yn (those who met the sahab): In summary one could say those people of the 1st maybe 2nd Hijri century. But strictly speaking a hadith refers only to what Muhammad did or said beyond Quran. Anything else is better known among scholars as athar (trace) or khabar (news). Hadith also includes what is called hadith Qudsi: This is a divine word which Muhammad said in his own words or something he reported about Allah. Sunnah to some extent (as Hadith also include some historical evidences) includes all of this so if you hear people saying "this is sunnah" this means this is something the Prophet did or recommended or asked people to do. Hadith relay a lot on sane narrator chains as they mostly were compiled in the 2nd Hijri century. Those chains are examined in what is called ilm-ar-Rijal a part of the hadith sciences. Hadiths can only be considered as sane (sahih) when they don't disagree with the Quran and have enough evidences for sane narrator chains... 

Now the difficulty was that Man couldn't marry their son's wives even in the case of an adopted son's according to the customs of Jahilya. So the words 

(Say: "Whoever is an enemy to Jibril...'') (2:97).'' (qtafsir) 

This isn't really covered by this verse, but of course it should be permissible as Allah says in (4:19): 

After the first period of silence which was right after the first revelation of surat Iqra' (al-'alaq). And this period ended by the revelation of some verses of surat al-Mudathir, as stated in sahih hadiths on the authority of 'Aicha and Jabir ibn Abdullah. 

About 3:81 Imam al-Qurtoby said that most scholars say that this means that any Prophet (Naby) has confirmed and promised to support a Messenger (Rassul) if he'd be alive to do so. The Kufi's added that not only a Prophet but all his followers would follow and support a Messenger. He also quoted that ibn 'Abbas and 'Ali that "the Messenger" in this verse refers to Muhammad. 

Here the meaning of each kind: - By revelation: the example you've posted is wrong, as the Qur'an himself is part of the revelation, here revelation may mean by a dream or inspiration. Revelation is explained by sending the meaning to the heart - Behind a 'veil': as it happened to Musa () 

Note that the Shafi'i and Maliki school say that according to the verse you quoted 

There are also commentaries on Hadith collections explaining the meaning or showing the rulings in ahadith or showing grades of sanity or weaknesses in the hadith. Mostly we call a commentary or interpretation of a Hadith "sharh". 

The fact that they shouldn't be seen uncovered shows that they are not mahrams for men even if they are called mothers! 

Can't we promise something to our wives to protect our marriage? 

Is talking about Zayd ibn Haritah (May Allah be pleased with him) and the Marriage of our Prophet (Peace be upon him) with his former wife Zaynab (May Allah be pleased with her): Zayd was adopted by our Messenger (Peace be upon him) in Jahilya, so everybody called him "Ibn Mohammad" till the revealing of the part of the Verse which "quotes" that adopted sons are no longer considered sons! Our Messenger (Peace be upon him) married him to his cousin (The daughter sister of the father of the Messenger Omaymah bin 'abd al-Muttalib) Zaynab bint Jahsh al-Assadiya (May Allah be pleased with her), but after one year of marriage they had a dispute (some say because she was considering her husband as base-born while she was a noble of Mekka) and Zayd went to our Messenger (Peace be upon him) to complain about her and our Messenger (Peace be upon him) told him:"Keep your wife and fear Allah" but at least they divorced and our Messenger has married her later. According to some Narrations (tafsir ibn Kathir) he already knew he will marry her one day that's why Allah said