An inscription on one of Zenobia's statues recorded her name as "Septimia Bat-Zabbai, daughter of Antiochus". "Zenobia" is the feminine form of Zabbai when written in Greek. 

These public virtues are also sometimes known as the mores maiorum, or "ways of the ancestors". As unwritten rules, these are, not surprisingly, hard to tie down exactly. Some were mentioned, in passing, by Roman authors, For example, Juvenal in his Satires says: 

[Apparently, Manichaean sources (mainly texts written in Sogdian from the Turfan Oasis) called her "Tadi".] 

And then, of course we have the concept of "public virtues" in ancient Rome, many of which were personified as deities. Examples here would include Bonus Eventus, Fortuna, nobilitas, Pax, and Securitas. 

The truth is that we just do not know with certainty how Zenobia's associates and servants would have addressed her. There are no surviving records to tell us. We know of many titles used to describe Zenobia by her contemporaries, and a number of these are included in the Wikipedia article. 

EDIT: This gilded example (which was actually 57mm in diameter) sold for 25,000 Hungarian Florint (about £7.00 GB at current exchange rates) in 2013. 

Political support in Rome was primarily mobilised by patronage or clientela - the relationship between wealthy, influential patrons and their poorer but free dependants. The concept is complex to modern eyes (and I suspect it was not much less complex to ancient Roman eyes). It had some elements that we might think of as the more modern notion of noblesse-oblige. Other aspects we might associate with the techniques employed by modern drug lords or Mafia kingpins. These could involve acts of charity and patronage or through the use of enforcers with clubs and brass knuckles. If a patron changed sides, he would expect his clientele to come with him. 

When Odaenathus' son Vaballathus established the short-lived Palmyrene Empire in 270 (under the regency of his mother, Zenobia), it consisted of most of the eastern Roman provinces, including the (by then reduced from its maximum extent) province of Mesopotamia - and so it did indeed extend beyond the Euphrates. 

In addition to the "patrician" Optimates and "plebeian" Populares, there was also a third group - the Equites - which today we might think of as a kind of 'upper middle class'. To complicate matters still further, by no means all members of the Patrician class were associated with the Optimates faction. Perhaps the best-known example is Julius Caesar, who belonged to the Patrician class, but was politically aligned with the Populares (although quite how far he shared the Populares agenda remains a matter for debate). 

One of the things that set the Pisonian conspiracy apart from the plots and conspiracies that preceded it in the reigns of earlier emperors was its scale.