Additional fact was that the Hitler's proposition was soon mirrored. Stalin proposed to send troops to "help" Poland against Germany. This was similarly rejected, as it would lead to Poland becoming a Soviet satellite state (as predicted by Poland; again Lyons). Further considering scenario of a Soviet-Polish war, Poland had no illusions that Germans could and would stop themselves before "securing the rights of German minority in the failing Polish state much troubled by the current war" as it seems was customary at the time. Even if Poland entered that scenario as an independent state, the predicted outcome would be it would end as either German or Soviet satellite. The Allied invasion on Sicily follows as a logical consequence, so does the Allied invasion in Normandy. Of course I assume that Baltics and (parts of) Finland are excluded from your question, as they could be hardly called "Soviet people" after just a year or so of occupation. Errors happen (we're human), and one such major political errors in Germany was this: On September 25, 1939, Stalin suggested to German ambassador the exchange of Lithuania for areas near Lublin and east of Warsaw. (Weinberg, p. 59) Danzig was a strategic port, well connected to industrialized regions (central and western Poland). So it was by far a main Polish overseas trade route. It would be uneconomical to replace it by Lithuania or Latvia: the transport route existing there was poor and connected to the similarly poorly industrialized eastern Poland. Properly, this should be divided by Soviet land area as of 22 June 1941, but I've been unable to find this figure. I substitute the 1991 figure, which is only a little bit lower. Why did World War II-era unguided bombs whine or whistle? | Answerbag It was not until October 19, 1956, that Japan and the Soviet Union signed a Joint Declaration ending the war and reestablishing diplomatic relations. that several Japanese islands were ceded by the treaty to the United States despite the U.S. not having any legitimate claim to them Will the Whistling Bombs Hit Me? - World War 2 Talk Germany had four types of midget subs of which only one was successful. The first was the Biber. that the draft treaty, in violation of the Yalta agreement, did not recognize the Soviet Union's sovereignty over South Sakhalin and the Kuril Islands Due to this, the Neger was eventually retired and withdrawn from service. Japan agreed to pay war reparations of 1.3 trillion yen. The Japanese GDP in 1952 was 6,217 billion yen. So the reparation was 20.91% of the Japanese GDP. The Japanese GDP in 2011 was equivalent to $5.869 trillion 2011 USD. So the reparations were equivalent to 1,224 billion 2011 USD. This was all proposed at the Treaty of San Francisco in 1952. The soviet Union, however, disagreed with many points: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_Peace_with_Japan So, yes, there was involvement from South and Central America, but it did not play an instrumental part in either of the World Wars. Also, many Germans were still bitter of their loss of WWI. Their was a popular stab-in-the-back theory which Hitler supported. It claimed that Germany had never lost a war and that the German Army did not lose World War I, but was betrayed by the civilians and politicians on the home front. It has been stated that the stab-in-the-back theory was "an ideological cement of Hitler's dictatorship." The Germans were bitter at the the Allied powers, but mainly at the French who had occupied Germany during post-World War I. This pushed them to obey Hitler as he promised to repudiate the Treaty of Versailles. So this wasn't a case of brainwashing. There were two main factors at play here: On September 25, 1939, Stalin suggested to German ambassador the exchange of Lithuania for areas near Lublin and east of Warsaw. (Weinberg, p. 59) Properly, this should be divided by Soviet land area as of 22 June 1941, but I've been unable to find this figure. I substitute the 1991 figure, which is only a little bit lower. Germany was at the time under a totalitarian regime. One of the main characteristics of such is that while there might be some authorities besides the master one, and they might have some unaligned thoughts, it is a major political error for them to reveal themselves before they are ready to win their case. And they can win only via true power - either a powerful organization (like an army, a big trade union, or a secret police) or a large mob ready to start riots. The Allied invasion on Sicily follows as a logical consequence, so does the Allied invasion in Normandy. Humans and some animals (this is male thing in most cases) very much like to risk our own comfort and our own life in a kind of pre-staged situations. Historically, primary example of this is an armed conflict. This need is so strong and prevalent, that even in modern times, when we are educated enough to surely predict that innocent bystanders (even women and children!) would get hurt, from time to time we cannot stop ourselves, which by the way pretty much makes us a bunch of quite murderous beasts, doesn't it? Well, too bad, but to the point.