You can refer the ICC Playing conditions for test matches for the punishments on finding and not finding the player(s) responsible for tampering. 

The umpires will find whether the ball is tampered. They shall make frequent and irregular inspections of the ball. If the umpires together agree that the deterioration in the condition of the ball is greater than is consistent with the use it has received then they will apply the Law 42.1 on this action as an unfair Play. 

c: if following the net run rate calculation above there are teams which are still equal, then the team with the higher number of wickets taken per balls bowled in the matches played that season in which results were achieved will be placed in the higher position 

I can't understand the above concept clearly. 

Can a player bowling spin for 2 or 3 balls in a over switch to being a fast bowler in the same over? 

Please, provide the exact formulas(ie, explain clearly) for calculating the net runrate in IPL with authentic references(with examples). If they missed the ball means, what is the rule there regarding wide? 

It is permitted for a batsman to reverse or switch his bat from right to left or vice versa for getting runs. 

What are the general rules about this? If the runs scored in a super over by two teams were level, how will the winning side be determined? 

E.g. Team A scored 10 runs in 6 balls and Team B scored 10 runs in 5/6 balls with two wickets lost; what will they do? 

Ref: IPL Playing Conditions 21.10 How the winner will be decided? I don't know whether it would happen or not. 

If 2 or 3 more overs required to win the match means, who will decide whether to extend the match or declare it as a draw? 

What happen if two athletes touched the finish rope at the same time in running(irrespective of distance either it may be 100m or long distance)? Will they go for another super over? If so, how many times will they keep going for another super over while they all result in ties? The punishments will be differ on the possibility of finding the player(s) responsible for that action. Minimum number of overs allowed per day in a test cricket match is 90. 

b: if there are teams with equal points and equal wins during the season, then in such case the team with the higher net run rate will be placed in the higher position 

Is there a standard time fixed in Test, ODI and T20 formats of Cricket, when a fielding side captain can ask for a new ball? d: if still equal at the end of the regular season then the team position will be determined by drawing lots. 

It is an action in which a fielder illegally alters the condition of the ball. It'll make the fast bowlers ease to swing the ball in the air. So, it is easy to bowl reverse swing with (early overs)new balls. 

If the match abandoned due to rain, then the match will be postponed to May 28(reserve day for first qualifier match). If a batsman faces the ball with RHB and switch his bat to LHB and missed the ball, now the ball went outside the leg stump according to LHB, is this a wide ball? 

If the captain of the fielding side doesn't ask for a new ball, will he be forced to have it mandatorily after a certain point by the match umpires? 

Consider the situation, if a batsman was bowled on a no-ball and the bails were down the stumps then the batsmen are running for a run, at this time, how the fielders will try to run out the batsmen? If rain fall a full day on final matches of a big tournament, then the teams will be declared joint winners. This is the rule on current ICC champions trophy. 

If the football players are not allowed to wear cap means, what is the reason for allowing large head-bands but not head caps? 

What is the maximum number of overs allowed to bowl? 

Each tournament will have its own playing conditions. 

If the match is a play off match (Final, the Eliminator, Qualifier 1 or Qualifier 2 matches). 

We can see some of the cricketers using baseball helmets in cricket. 

Only the wicket-keeper and the fielders in short leg and silly point are allowed to use the leg-pads in cricket, but the leg-pads used by Wicket Keepers in cricket is slightly big and goofy than baseball leg-pads. Since the cricket ball is more hard than baseball. So, that type of pads are preferred by cricketers. No rules were block them to wear baseball leg-pads. 

I couldn't see any football players wearing caps while playing international matches, but I could see some of them wearing large headbands. 

Then, if the match is a league match. 

Law 21 - IPL Playing conditions. AFAIK, yes it is allowed to wear baseball protective gear for cricket. Batsmen are running between the wickets after hitting the ball inside the ground, the ball was thrown to the fielder/WK, he(WK) then hit the stumps with the ball, all the three stumps were pulled off the ground, but the batsman got reached and the ball slipped from his hand and gone for overthrows, now the batsmen started running between the wickets, now how the fielders will try to run out the batsmen?