Frame size doesn't really matter. Note that Shimano has mucked up cable pulls between 10 and 11 speed road, so you can't just put a 10 speed RD in a 11 speed system. But, in the end, on a 300 dollar bike, you're going to be better off economically just buying a new bike with gears. The end of it is: if the cog swap isn't favorable, get a new bike with gears. Shimano road shifters have to be matched with road front derailleurs, and mountain shifters have to be matched with mountain front derailleurs (technically, you could use a pulley like a JTek Shiftmate, but thats a dumb solution due to price reasons). Theres no compatibility difference in the rear (update: see the comment - the following holds up to 9 speed between mountain and road), except mountain derailleurs are normally long cage and can take bigger cassettes (and thus are favorable in a touring context). Stick with one brand for shifters, front derailleur, rear derailleur (crossing brands is possible, but more complicated as there is no standard for how much cable shifters have to pull, and you may need pulleys to change the cable pull to get things to work). The part you need is Shimano Y-6CU 98040. Ask your LBS to find it for you. Alternatively, you can look for 3rd party manufacturers as well but I doubt they will have something for an entry level part like this. Shimano's documentation indicates that the ST-3400 levers do not use compatible hoods (and the style of the ST-3500 onwards is different). You will need a new chain as well, but it should be fine to install. Putting a bigger cassette on is a good starting point. First, make sure your bike is fit properly - with a bad fit, your efficiency is likely lousy. If you're going for a sprint tri, you should be in decent physical shape, so I'd look at fit or just spend some time getting used to the gearing - whenever I haven't ridden my road bike in a while and I get back on, I feel like its geared way too high, but after a few weeks, I feel fine. Also note that a 2x10 or 3x10 setup is pricey relative to many 2/3x8 or 2/3x9 systems- the chains don't come with master links by default (and are pricey), and since things are narrower, they can be more annoying. Will the extra 1 in the rear buy you anything? Probably not. As I said in a comment, there are 25+ years of 105 and Ultegra (well, ultegra was called something else back then, but the line has been around for quite a while), so you need to find the right 105/Ultegra you're talking about. You can find the Product Info at this link. As for whether to do this or not, completely dependent on how you feel about it. Note that you can likely make a pretty penny selling the Dura Ace 7402 stuff and running a newer Shimano Claris/Sora or Microshift shifter instead (which is likely better than the old Dura Ace shifter anyway in practice due to fresher grease, ergonomics and trickle down engineering over the past 20+ years). I recommend reading this article for seeing what goes into selecting a front derailleur and this one as well. Front derailleurs are normally also matched to if they are double and triple and are specified for what range of chainwheels they work most favorably with (you can find this on the data sheet for the front derailleur - this is less important with friction on the front, but brifters can be finicky). In choosing a front derailleur, you also should make sure that the front derailleur can be mounted on your frame and the cable pull is in the right direction for your frame.