I was surprised to read these 1938 figures (admittedly estimates) of 1938 GDP for the major combatants of World War II. 

Otherwise, why would Chamberlain refer to Germans and Czechs as "far away" peoples of whom his contemporaries would know nothing? Did most of them actually feel that way, or was that sentiment more or less particular to Chamberlain? Put another way, was he addressing a large British contingent with a quasi-American "know nothing" mentality (Lady Astor comes to mind.) 

The Axis envisioned a world divided between a German dominated Europe, a Japanese dominated Asia, and the English speaking countries. America would be flanked on both sides by hostile groupings, each with comparable power, and initially be the "odd man out" in a three-cornered fight. Her main saving grace would be the possibility of choosing the lesser of two evils if and when the Germans and Japanese turned on each other. 

Silesia had originally been Polish, was inherited by the heir to the Bohemian crown, and ultimately by Austria, when the Bohemian royal line died out. It was captured by Germany (Brandenburg-Prussia actually), in the War of the Austrian Succession in 1740, which is why it became "German." All this over a period of several centuries. 

The first thing to note, was that as late as the 1930s and 1940s, the Republican party was the "centrist" and "Establishment" (but pro-business party), while the Democrats were an unlikely mix of left AND right. That is, it included "everyone" who was not a Republican, whether urban laborer, urban liberal, progressive agrarian, or a fundamentally right-wing member of the agricultural "old South." (The Republicans represented the northeastern industrial and commercial elite, but not the agricultural elite from elsewhere). 

Making himself the absolute dictator (not a President or even king with constitutionally limited power) of the country that imprisoned him. Destroying or pushing to the brink of destruction the enemies of his adopted country, to the point of at least threatening to dominate the whole world. Using his future (!) soldiers and "policemen" to arrest and kill as many members of his least favorite group as they could get their hands on. Hitler's subsequent rise to power was improbable for the following reasons: 

In 1942, America's General Eisenhower summed up his gloomy assessment of an invasion of Nazi-held Europe in the "reverse" direction as 50-50 to get one division ashore, and one chance in five (20 per cent) to maintain a five division bridgehead. While this may have been a "guess," it certainly qualified as an "expert" opinion. 

For instance, the Japanese army was larger than the British army (and beat equal or larger numbers of Britishers in battles all over Southeast Asia). If you include British "colonial" forces, e.g. Indians and Africans, and Japan's "colonies" in China and Southeast Asia, the numbers of "British" and Japanese population and troops were about the same. The Japanese navy was about the size of the British navy (and actually stronger because of a larger number of modern ships). 

How did Germany resolve that problem in World War II? Did it capture enough Soviet rolling stock to use on Soviet railways? Did it build "trunk" lines in the Soviet Union to e.g. Stalingrad and other critical points on the European gauge? Or did it leave this problem mostly unresolved, thereby contributing to the German defeat? 

How strong were the British land forces available in Britain in the summer of 1940? 

But the main benefit was AFTER the war. The country saved something like 25% of its GDP annually during almost four years of war. When it ended, the average American family had almost one year's wages in savings, most of it in war bonds. 

In his 1942 State of the Union Address, President Roosevelt noted: 

The sinkings of the Lusitania and Reuben James did not rise to the above levels. 

Unfortunately, Hitler did "execute." But no one in power took "Mein Kampf" seriously, with the notable exception of Winston Churchill (who was, however,"out of power" early on). 

In the 1905 war with Russia, that country had a (Far East) naval base at Port Arthur, Manchuria. The Japanese won the naval war by defeating the Russian fleet there, and then winning a second battle at Tsushima Straits against a reinforcing fleet headed to Port Arthur, and took the most obvious route there. Likewise, the Japanese destroyed a British task force that was detailed to defend Singapore and Malaysia. 

Studies by Depuy and others have shown that on the ground, one American, British, or Soviet soldier was not the equal of one German soldier. And even with a large superiority in numbers and firepower, Allied forces had difficulty inflicting human casualties on the Germans at a rate much above one to one. The disparity in tank effectiveness was even more skewed in favor of the Germans, as they inflicted tank casualties on the allies at a multiple of their own. 

Wallace turned out to be exactly the ultra-leftist that most Democrats feared. In 1943, he expressed sympathy with rioting African-Americans, which troubled most of the United States, but particularly the South. He also visited the Soviet Union in 1944, and expressed views that made other Administration members regard him as a Stalinist "stooge."