[p 153:] The fallacy of complex question should be distinguished from another kind of question known in law as a leading question. A leading question is one in which the answer is in some way suggested in the question. Whether or not a question is a leading one is important in the direct examination of a witness by counsel. Example: 

[Write a deduction to prove the Disjunctive Syllogism, hereafter DS.] Per 1, I already know how DS can be proven more quickly with (Indirect/Short-Cut) Truth Tables; so a deduction (which would take longer) is needless. But in general, for Valid Arguments, are Deductions fallible? For Sentential Logic, are (Indirect/Short-Cut) Truth Tables the only 100% safe method? 

Again, whether John Kerry is Jewish and whether he does or does not have any great affection for Israel have nothing to do with whether his premises support his conclusion. Source: 1. p 287, 5. p 261. Sweet Reason: A Field Guide to Modern Logic (2010 2 ed) by Henle, Garfield, Tymoczko. Source: p 131, A Concise Introduction to Logic (12 Ed, 2014) by Patrick J. Hurley 

I am confused by these 2 cases (out of a total of 4) that appear paradoxical: 2. 'False premise and Probably true conclusion': How is this possible? 3. 'False premise and Probably false conclusion': How is this possible? 

Abbreviate Definition to D, Intension to IN and Extension to EN (eg IND = Intensional Definition). For brevity, I abbreviate: FP = False Premise, SIA = Strong Inductive Argument. 3 below appears to me as the Suppressed Premise. If I insert 3 between 2 and 4, then the argument above becomes valid, correct? If so, what is fallacious? For example, in the case of the demonstrative definition of the word “chair,” if all the chairs pointed to are made of wood, observers might get the idea that “chair” means “wood” instead of something to sit on. Similarly, they might get the idea that “Washington Monument” means “tall” or “pointed” or any of a number of other things. From the definition of “actress,” readers or listeners might think that “actress” means “woman”— which would include countless individuals who have nothing to do with the stage or screen. From the definition of “tree” they might get the idea that “tree” means “firmly planted in the ground,” which would also include the pilings of a building. And they [p 49:] For both deductive and inductive arguments, two separate questions need to be answered: (1) Do the premises support the conclusion? (2) Are all the premises true? To answer the first question we begin by assuming the premises to be true. Then, for deductive arguments we determine whether, in light of this assumption, it necessarily follows that the conclusion is true. If it does, the argument is valid; if not, it is invalid. For inductive arguments we determine whether it probably follows that the conclusion is true. If it does, the argument is strong; if not, it is weak. For inductive arguments we keep in mind the requirements that the premises actually support the conclusion and that they not ignore important evidence. If the determination of Strongness needs the extra step of assuming true a FP, then how can the argument be judged 'Strong'? If a FP were truly Strong, then you needed not this extra step of assuming true a FP! At least the diction and use of 'Strong' disturbs me. PS: Etymology helped me to perceive the similarity between Validity (in deduction) and Strongness (in induction), because the etymon of 'valid' (valere) means 'to be strong'. So Validity and Soundness meant the same thing etymologically, except that now the former applies to deduction and the latter induction. Consider the following. Because 4 is the the Principle of Explosion, anything can be deduced in 5: so what if you instead wrote (wrongly) ¬Q (instead of the correct Q)? Then the Deduction would continue and conclude with ¬Q, but dangerously and deceptively, would fail to reveal this error?