Allah instructs you concerning your children: ... References: A fatwa on the najasa of alcohol (Arabic). A fatwa on the ruling of foodstuffs and beauty and personal-care products which have alcohol inside (Arabic and Urdu available) Note that already in 2011 sheikh 'Aid al-Qarni has been quoted to say that basically that prohibiting women to drive in Saudi Arabia has no backup nor clear evidence in the shari'a texts. This was in a TV-Interview with al-Arabiya Channel after the arrest of the women's rights activist Manal al-Sharif in May 2011. He also quoted the example of the polemic about the education of girls which was launched in the kingdom in the era of king Faisal to compare it with the polemics about women's right to drive a car. (For details read the article in Arabic here) This is so far an answer for the fiqh source and views. Which says we are allowed to eat the food of people of the book. note that surat al-Maidah is one of the last revealed surahs and this verse is quoted among the last verses revealed. I'm not sure if one could find some references which are better then the fact, that the Sahaba -companions of the Prophet- (May Allah be pleased with them) and later many generations of Muslims lived and have been in what is now known as Egypt, Syria, Afghanistan, Iraq etc. and they didn't harm any of those historical monuments which where more or less attacked or destroyed by terrorist groups etc. which claim to be Muslims like Taliban or ISIL. But, do this people understand Islam better then those Sahaba? Are people there nowadays worshiping those places? To make their demolition necessary? ... So far the legal status from the shari'a point of view is cleared. According to these two fatwas -in Arabic- (note one is referring to the other) on test-tube fertilization (islamqa and al-azhar) and I try to briefly translate the major statements (please also note that these fatwas include a lot more information about the matter of test-tube fertilization, for example the case of a husband having two wives and whether it is allowed to give a fertilized egg of one wife to the other): An other hypothetical case is if he was married to four ladies by now already, he can't get married again and if he did so this marriage would be void, but from your post this seems to be out of question. The issue of shirk only arise if you wear such a verse believing it may protect you from any bad or as a talisman or amulet. As shirk is related to what you believe an object a being or deity except Allah may do for you. Finally note that scholars like al-Qurtobi in his tafsir discussed the matter on writing on ornaments or rings while commenting or interpreting verse (16:14): Is his other wife aware that he wants to have a second wife? (This basically is no condition for marriage, but what I'd call "best practice", as in cases of polygyny where the wives are not aware of the husbands other wives problems may arise sooner -when they find it out- or later -when it comes to inheritance-) So falling into ghaybah is very easy, as the grey zone between halal and haram here is very tiny and it's very hard to avoid it.