Oswald wasn't eligible for any of the current campaign medals, or any of the service and training awards, most of which were created after his death. The process was pretty gradual. For the WRNS, their association's website outlines it. Post-WWII, the service shrank to about 3,000 women in support and administrative jobs. Wrens had never been allowed to serve on board ships. In 1974, it was decided that integration had to happen, but this took decades: Another part of it was that the supply units for the panzer divisions were dedicated to that job and fully motorised, so they could keep up, and supplies and fuel for several days of combat could travel with the division. The idea was that they'd have won by then. 

The British Blacker Bombard had a range of only about 100 yards and frequently threw fragments back towards the weapon crew if it hit. However, it was probably less dangerous than the Smith Gun which killed several crew without ever seeing action against the enemy, or the Northover Projector, whose incendiary ammunition tended to break and ignite inside the weapon. 

The USPHS Commissioned Corps descends from the Marine Hospital Service, which was first set up in 1798 to provide medical care to seamen, including naval personnel from 1799. In 1870, it was re-organised as the Marine Hospitals Service, whose first chief was Dr John Maynard Woodworth. He wanted his doctors to be a mobile work force, to be stationed wherever they were needed, and mandated uniforms. As a federal health-care organisation, the MHS' remit expanded in many cases where the federal government needed to provide medical services. Since their hospitals were in major ports, they became responsible for quarantine and other public health functions. In 1912, they became the Public Health Service. Their hospitals began to close after budget cuts during the Nixon administration, and are all gone now. The Commissioned Corps has survived as a public health organisation, and as a provider of medical staff to the other uniformed services. Eligibility for the Navy Occupation Service Medal had ended in 1952. The transition process was long enough to give plenty of time for retraining. The Soviet RPG-43 was a shaped-charge hand grenade. This required getting within throwing range of a tank, and was also quite difficult to use correctly. For both organisations, their advantage is that it's easier to integrate their officers into the larger uniformed services than civilians. This is useful in wartime: essentially, they provide reserves of scientifically trained officers for the military. Other countries use more normal military reserve services, or commission civilians when necessary. The drawback is that the government can't get rid of them so easily as civilian staff, when it wants to. The other example is the de Havilland Mosquito, which was extremely difficult to intercept. The reason for this was that it was almost as fast as the German fighters (although not as agile) but had superior altitude performance, thanks to excellent streamlining and superior engine superchargers. However, the reasons it could hit anything with bombs were that it had a second crewman to aim the bombs, and advanced navigational electronics, which again needed a second crewman to operate. It was the most successful WWII example of the Schnellbomber concept. 

Additions for Japan: they used flamethrowers as anti-tank weapons a few times, with some success, but they don't seem to have issued bombs on poles. The easiest way to improvise one would be to attach a Type 99 mine to a sturdy stick. They also had a cheap shaped-charge anti-tank grenade, the Type 3 which could have been used in a hand-to-hand attack on a tank. I don't know if this ever actually happened; you'd need a very detailed history or personal memoirs to find out. 

This is EXTRA big deal since when you forgive a loan, it's not just the monetary value of the loan+interest that the recipient country essentially gets for free. 

No sculptor seems to be aware of this rule. 

On the other hand, American morale (not the military, but society) was completely broken by losses despite relatively low loss ratio in both Vietnam and Iraq. I'd also put USSR in Afghanistan into the same category (for an even better contrast with the first example) but am not sure about loss ratios. 

This is important to eliminate useless trivial example where a small force came in for regular ancient-style sword infantry fight, got 10 people killed at a distance from a bow, got frightened and ran away before closing in because the enemy was too numerically superior. The casualty ratio is 10/0 for range weapons, but that is by accident, not design. 

However, General John Sedgwick's horse has all four feet on the ground, despite the fact that he was later killed in battle! 

For pre-broadside ships, where the armaments were the same or less on the sides as on the bow, the concept of crossing the T doesn't apply, and therefore there is absolutely no advantage to broadside-friendly line ahead formation (in reverse, your bow chasers point to friendly ships). Plus, as David Thornley noted in his answer, for ramming ships (both ancient and pre-battleship ironclads), facing the ram to the enemy was kind of important.