The ultimate source which is authoritative is Institutes of the Lawes of England by Coke (1628-1644). The laws on infants are at 171b. 

Note that under ancient Saxon law the "age of discretion" was 14 for a male and 12 for a female and this prevailed for a long time in English Common Law, but this is only the age at which they may marry and become liable to committing felonies. Under English Common Law, to enter into a contract and be recognized fully as an adult you must be 21 and this was always the case. Here is a quote: 

(3) If you were captured in the American zone, then it depended on whether you were in an eastern or western unit. If you were in a western unit, you were thrown in jail (see below). If you were in an eastern unit, you were turned over to the Soviets (see 1 above). Note that this was an ideal. Many German soldiers, especially SS, were routinely executed. For example, all 700 members of the 8th SS Mountain Division were machine gunned to death after their surrender by American soldiers. 

Aeronautics Magazine February 1912 

If you go back to 1850, a significant number of people rode around on mules, but by 1900 nearly everyone could either afford some kind of horse or be able to borrow a horse from a parent or relative if needed. 

Thus, you can see, things have not changed as much as you might think. 

The Brooklyn Daily Eagle Almanac, 1912 

(4) If you were captured in the British zone, you were thrown in jail (see below). 

Robert G. Fowler, the second aerial transcontinental tourist, finally arrived at the Atlantic Ocean, at San Pablo beach, Fla., on Feb. 17, after having been 122 days on the way. A great deal of this time was consumed by reason of bad weather. The course followed was southerly all the way, close to the Gulf of Mexico through the extreme southern states to the coast. 

-- The American and English Encyclopedia of Law, Garland and McGeehee, 1900 

The age of majority is when a youth is considered to be independent of their parents. For example, a minor cannot enter into a legal contract because they are not considered independent persons under the law. 

I think you can safely assume that if Hitler had been captured by the allies he would have been tried at Nuremburg and hung. A similar fate would have occurred if the Red Army had captured him. 

This reminds of an American army "training" film I was shown in high school (!), which was an anti-axis propaganda piece. At the end of the film they showed three portraits, that of Hitler, Mussolini and Hirohito, while the narrator intoned, "If you see any of these men, doooooooon't hesitate!" 

The several United States generally followed the practice established under English Common Law of setting the age of majority at 21. To quote: 

It was much like cars are today. If a person has a car today, you can imagine that same basic type of person would have had a horse in 1900. To answer your next question, yes, a lot of people had really crappy horses. Much like most people today drive around in crappy old Civics and Corollas and F150s (although it may not seem this way to you if you are middle or upper class). 

The advantage of following omerta in crime is that it is first and foremost a personal code that requires no courts or authority, so it can operate as a method of justice without a central authority. In criminal activities, this is an advantage because such activities lie outside the courts. For example, if you buy dope and your dealer rips you off, you have no recourse. If you call the police, they will just arrest YOU, not give you justice (this actually happened, btw, some woman called the cops to complain about her dealer ripping her off). For those living within mafia, they always get justice. The advantage of this system compared to undisciplined criminals who have no code should be obvious. 

Up to Jan. 11, at Biloxi, Miss., his mileage was 2,081, in straight lines between towns. Rodgers' flight was 3,391 miles. From then to February 17, he flew 436 miles in eleven stages. His itinerary follows: 

(2) If you were captured by Tito, guaranteed death with torture highly probable. 

The same source notes that by statute 17 states had the female age of majority set at 18. Those states were: