Being able to watching other Islamic Arabic channels of TV and radio and obtaining Islamic and scientific revenue by watching and hearing them. 

It is not permissible if there is the risk or scare of sin. 

2: Ummah as the heir of the earth To the best of my knowledge, briefly speaking, you ought to do Ghusl (an ablution that you wash all of your body by its conditions ...) or for both items as you mentioned. Actually, seemingly, it is a logical view (at least according to Shia, I am not aware of Sunni brothers view about that) that is said to do urine after doing ..., why? In order to exit all of the semen from the channel (and not to remain anymore ... and in order to prevent such troubles... 

It is permissible, given that all necessary conditions are met. To the best of my knowledge, solely a kind of Qusl (Qusl al-Jenabah) would be sufficient instead of Wudu. In other word, you don’t need for wudu after doing Qusl-a;-Jenabah. But after doing other Qusls, you ought to take wudu. (According to majority of Shia Marja’s) In the name of Allah, the most compassionate, the most merciful 

For instance, look at the questions below which a person has inquired (which could help you): 

In the name of Allah, the most compassionate, the most merciful 

In truth, concerning using some greeting words (and at the end of the conversations, such as Allah hafiz or Khoda Hafez or …) it should be said that those words would be related to the cultural matters which apparently are not haram in general according to the culture of every country (unless they have bad meanings…). Are you sure fasting did not help? 

Also remember Allah as much as you can. Actual (and rather useful) thanks: do something useful to the one who helped you. 

This has a higher probability that the killer might completely stop, but doesn't guarantee that because as said already, it depends on various circumstances like if, the person is deemed to receive death penalty by the Islamic law, then no one can help. 

Hence, as a sense of awareness and general perception, put the above information in light, it can be inferred that if you're helped say, here in this site then you either make efforts to know the address of the one who helped by teaching you something and then send him a gift or do the like which is useful for him .........or......... simply make Du'a for the person if he deserves it as simply asking Allah "O Allah! Grant him something good." or in other words tell him "Jazakallah Khair" meaning/specifying, you already wished/prayed in your heart for his welfare. 

Please note that usually the symptoms like compulsive paranoia / hallucinations (which you've been calling vivid imagination a.k.a day dreaming), and addictions are related to serious mental disorders like Schizophrenia, Bipolar Disorder etc. These thoughts come again and again, no matter how hard you try to not think about them. The above actual "thanks" is what that can be inferred from Qur'an 31:14 and also from the Hadith in the article i.e. thanking, can be either done by doing something useful to the one who helped you, or simply making Du'a (may Allah grant you good things) for the person who helped you. (Still even in this way you're doing something useful to the one who helped you). 

When you yourselves, say so, why not give it a try? Explore, ponder, and think of believing. 

I don't see how today's definition of simply writing the word or saying "Thanks" would even come closer to the actual "Thanks". 

EDIT: You can also remind him with this Ayah from Qur'an, 

It doesn't matter whether you use the word "Jazakallah Khair" or "Shukran" or "thanks", unless you do something useful to the person who helped you. So, instead the one who helped you prefers something useful in return from you. So, simply using the modern "thanks" to please him would do him no good to please him in reality unless you specify, that you did something useful for him, i.e. by specifying that you prayed for him, i.e. by saying "Jazakallah Khair" (May Allah reward you with good things). After listening, to this, a person / believer / who is aware of what "Jazakallah Khair" means and it's importance would be glad to hear this than a modern "thanks". 

Your question is vague. I'll explain you how in contrast with today's world of thanking vs the "thanking" used in Qur'an 31:14 and also probably used in the article pointed out by Dinar in the comments. (https://plus.google.com/109702928551400026668/posts/VcqzMhdLe7e) 

Having an after noon nap should also help. Please do follow the above tips, strictly. Marrying is not only a solution, but is a Sunnah (but it won't likely solve the problems altogether). 

For those of you who don't know what it is, consider going through this page or this is good too. These conditions fall under the umbrella term called "Addiction", and has something to do with your Dopaminergic activity.