It's not that an eternal God cannot destroy himself and therefore is not omnipotent, but that the proposition itself is logically impossible. Because your definition of God is one that must be eternal, it is logically absurd to ask if this God could destroy himself. It is akin to asking what the radius of a square is, or to apply the quadratic formula to a cubic function (as far as my education goes these are logically flawed). And it also mentions that "category theory allowed for the development of methods that have changed and continue to change the face of mathematics." If the answer is "yes," then God will have created something out of his own power to control, therefore no longer being omnipotent. If the answer is "no," then God is simply not omnipotent to begin with. However, that is only if omnipotence is the sole premise. Conversely, you mentioned several premises to the definition of God, one of which seems particularly important. I think what renders the statement "God destroys himself" problematic is your following statement: The Omnipotence Paradox The omnipotence paradox, in short, is this: As presented, the answer is intuitively no: God necessarily being eternal, he cannot cease to exist. However, this implies that he is not omnipotent, and so your question is a variation of: The article provides a list of philosophical results following from category theory, such as: These are only examples that begin to answer your questions; there is far too much in the (excellent) article to put here, but reading it should complete the answers well. Thesis: Punishing X in this way is wrong I don't think presence/absence of air matters, not that Galileo mentions anything about vacuum. What is most suspicious about his argument is exactly that it is so general. If it works the falling rate should not depend on any (additive) characteristic of objects whatsoever, regardless of the missing extra conditions. We could give those objects electric charges and turn on electric field of our liking, and the argument still seems to go through. But leads to a wrong conclusion that the falling rate is independent of the charges. EDIT: I believe Quen_tin's answer gives the right reconstruction of what the a priori aspect of Galileo's argument amounts to. I'll rephrase it somewhat. Suppose bodies move under a single "motive cause" that determines the "fastness" of motion (this formalizes fall in a vacuum). The "cause" could be Newtonian force that determines acceleration, or something else that determines velocity as Aristotle thought, etc., as long as "the stronger the cause the faster the motion" holds. Suppose further that the cause is additive, i.e. its values add up when the bodies are strapped together. Then Galileo's argument shows that the proportionality constant ("weight" in the argument) between the cause and the rate can not also be additive (a.k.a. extensive). The fact that set theory is today a FO theory is probably due to Thoralf Skolem. In 1923 Skolem presented the original FO axiomatization of Zermelo set theory. Now, there is a standard view that sees a Skolem-Gödel "axis" as urging to adopt a FO set theory and being responsible for the ultimate establishment of FO set theory. It is, however, not clear at all that this was the case, i.e. that Skolem (and Gödel) were pushing an FO object language in set theory. While Skolem was critical of second-order set theory as a foundation of mathematics, he proved his (downward) theorem to hold in FOL. The result - in a countable model it is true that there is a uncountable set - he called a philosophical (albeit not formal) paradox in order to argue that also FOL could not serve as a foundation of mathematics: I don't see a paradox, strictly speaking, but I see three ways (and combinations thereof) in which the inconsistency that you mention can be dissolved: One relation that does hold though is the following: any inconsistent axiomatic system is complete, via explosion principle.