I don't recommend picking a Doran's Ring for an AP mid start. I explain more why later. Seasonal runes fall in at Tier 2.5, which are at best as good as Tier 3. Because of this, seasonal runes cost at most as much as their Tier 3 equivalents, although historically they have cost less. Mordekaiser is a tank purely because of his shield. He can effectively soak an endless amount of damage as long as his shield is up. This means you need to be using abilities often. Use items like Force of Nature, Spirit Visage, and Warmog's Armor to recover from health loss when using abilities. Spirit Visage also reduces cooldowns, allowing you to spam. So for pickign a starting item, compare what Doran's ring gives you for a start versus Boots and 3 Health Potions (both costing about the same and possible to buy without masteries): Spirit Visage is great against heavy AP teams. It increases your lifesteal effectiveness and also increases your damage output for damage based on cooldowns, which includes most ADCs. However, this is extremely situational, and I would only use it when I'm against 3 or more AP champions who are outputting a lot of damage. In that case, a Banshee's Veil might prove more effective at reducing their burst, so you have to decide which will work better. Keep in mind that the passive health regen on hit from Banshee's Veil can out-value the 20% increased lifesteal from Spirit Visage if you are capable of kiting most damage after an initial engage. Tanky Tryndamere is weak because he lacks the base ability damage that other solos have (Singed, Irelia, Darius, Jayce, Olaf) and he also lacks CC (his shout CC isn't reliable), so he isn't able to easily nuke key targets and he can't mess up team composition. The exception is when you're against a very heavy AD team, then his shout shines. However, the range on it is limited so Tryndamere tends to suffer lethal damage when performing the shout in teamfights or he simply never gets in range to snag everyone. His shout can rarely be used as a clutch play, especially because the slow component relies on your opponents facing away from you. Even Zileas has flagged this ability as having design issues that make it unsatisfying and relatively weak. Frozen Mallet is a decent defensive item, allowing you to kite certain bruisers and tanks extremely hard. The health buffer is also large enough to prevent most assassins from instantly bursting you. However, the gold investment of 3300 before you get the passive slow (which is the key component to an ADC) is extremely high for a defensive item, so it won't benefit you very much until it's completed. Also, the slow is only effective against certain bruisers, tanks, and assassins - Olaf, Riven, Lee Sin, Malphite, Master Yi, and a few others aren't affected by slows very much because they can close gaps very quickly or slow you down. If the Frozen Mallet can't create a buffer between you and a bruiser then it's not being very effective, and this is often the case. Choose it based on who your opponent is playing. A champion you wouldn't want to use it on is Mordekaiser. The benefits from AP, but mana regen is completely useless on him. Also, bonus hp is less useful than bonus armor and magic resist, because Mordekaiser's passive shield becomes more effective with armor and magic resist. So anything you can do to increase the power of his shield will negate the need for little hp boosts on every item Mordekaiser uses. I don't believe they forgive losses for teammates leaving the game though (JesterCapp discusses that here). Good situation: You - Vayne, Them - Singed. For example, I play Olaf top with armor and 5 pots. Given the current meta I know I will be matched against an AD solo, so the armor will reduce damage they deal with a Doran's Blade. Also, I can use my 5 pots to heal a total of 750 hp, allowing me to ruthlessly Reckless Swing them. If they show up with a Doran's Blade or Shield, not only do they not reduce the damage from my Reckless Swings (True Damage), they have no way to quickly heal from the damage so they cannot contest me in lane. I will pound on them until they have to go back to base, giving me an advantage, or they will mope about in lane while I keep them from their creeps. Playing at my level this is a 90% success strategy. Playing Ranked against pros they will pick a champion who can lane against Olaf (say Riven, Cho' Gath, or Vladimir) and will probably beat me in lane. Like Phage, Quicksilver Sash is a good item to buy that you don't necessarily have to finish. It's a little more situational, but if you're against champions like Zed or Malzahar, then it's essential for removing their ultimate effects on you and any DoTs. It's also effective against a lot of hard CC like Leona. You want to itemize it when it specifically counters a champion's mechanics and your opponents do a fair bit of magic damage. The upgrade Mercurial Scimitar is incredibly expensive and not very gold efficient, I recommend saving it for last. If you just want to absorb more magic damage but you don't necessarily need to clear debuffs on you, you can opt for a Hexdrinker which itemizes more AD than a Quicksilver. The upgraded Maw of Malmortius is also a gold efficient upgrade. Save up as much as the regular IP price for each rune you want to purchase. I would estimate based on the maximum costs for each kind of Tier 3 rune: Seals, Marks, and Glyphs cost at most 820 IP, while Quintessences cost at most 2050 IP.