The only biblical justification for calling God a mother would be to hyper-literalize passages like these: Wouldn't He be deceptive by asking the elders to request leave from Pharaoh for reasons other than the one's he's stated here? Luke 15:8-10 ESV Or suppose a woman has ten silver coins and loses one. Doesn’t she light a lamp, sweep the house and search carefully until she finds it? And when she finds it, she calls her friends and neighbours together and says, “Rejoice with me; I have found my lost coin.” In the same way, I tell you, there is rejoicing in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner who repents. It's best to interpret passages like this with the question "In what reasonable way could I interpret this to be true?" And an overwhelming percentage of Christians across all denominations view these passages as metaphorical. It's only the small, liberal, fringe-feminist Christian sects that choose to interpret these passages otherwise. God didn't lie God knew that Pharaoh would say "no" to this request, and since we know the outcome of the story we can think that God intended for Israel to stay put all along and never intended them to journey into the wilderness. But the simple fact of the matter is we cannot assume that. We can assume that God did intend for the Israelites to go into the wilderness to worship him and there's nothing in the text that contradicts that. As God's anger is not an attribute of God it must be a result of an attribute and I've never encountered anyone not attributing it to his justice. So it seems very Biblical to accept the Trinity as believed by the Christian church throughout all the ages. One definition of the trinity that makes things clear can be taken from John Owen’s Works Volume 2, Page 462: First, an attribute of God is something true of his nature always. For example God is always present, wise, powerful, holy, all knowing, etc., but not always filled with wrath. Second, in one sense everything in scripture is an accommodation in that God's unknowable transcendent qualities and ideas are reduced into human language in order to 'accommodate' to humans. However a proper 'accommodation' is where the scriptures even apparently contradict themselves, in order to accommodate to our inability to understand otherwise. Therefore if God is represented as 'walking among us' naturally it is an accommodated way of speaking, not to be taken literally. So now about his love. While you and I stood blaspheming God, boasting of our selves, yet fully deserving of his eternal anger, while fools, while wicked, while stubborn, while unteachable, while full of jealousy, anger, lust and every other filth, -- while we were in this state, and this alone, did God sent his only Son to die for us. One really must use the word 'I' to understand it. God sent his holy eternal Son to leave the glory of heaven, to suffer into the inexpressibly lower life of a human, let alone an infant in swaddling clothes, to live among sinners, all in order to save 'me' or in this case, 'you'. He took 'your' endless perverse and foolish thoughts, your monstrous evil deeds, and all things from your life unworthy of the eternal being and smashed his own eternally beloved Son into death for your immeasurable wretchedness. Then he counted up all the righteousness that Christ lived in the flesh under all his holy Laws for man, and collected them all into a 'perfect righteousness' and hammered that absolute perfection onto 'you' (I am using a future sense on your behalf) - making you perfect under his holy eyes, while yet never yet ever doing anything good. It depends on how you interpret the word "perish" in John 3:16. God’s plan looked foolish to men, but it is wiser than the best plans of men. God’s plan which may look weak is stronger than the strongest plans of men. Answer: Jesus was praying to God, the Father, who is one with Him, who is in Heaven even when Jesus the Son was on earth. Jesus never did His own will but the will of the Father. Jesus came from the Father in Heaven to earth to fulfill His mission, which was to die for our sins. After the mission assigned to Him was completed, Jesus went back to the Father and sits at the right hand of the Father. Jesus is now a mediator between God and man, interceding for us always and acts as a High priest for us by using His own blood as an offering to the Father. God also reveals His truth according to His timeline. “‘The Lord said to my Lord: “Sit at my right hand until I put your enemies under your feet.”’ (Psalm 110) In contrast to this, there are many verses which compels me to believe that God indeed has a form, having a head, hands and legs - God made us in his image, God sits on a throne, God speaks, God has feet, Moses saw the backside of God, God spoke to Moses as a friend, God laughs etc.