See Jessica Wilson's critical review No Work for a Theory of Grounding. 

Here is some quick background. The basis of Brouwer's philosophizing is the non-linguistic "primordial intuition of mathematics", of a continuum without qualitative characteristics or changes, where continuity and discreteness are fused, and where any in-between is inexhaustible. This is his fluid continuum of intuition. But even this primordial intuition is not free from idealization and abstraction, it is the abstraction from qualities that makes this continuum suitable for doing mathematics. The first act of intuitionism calls for tracing the emergence of the discrete from the fluid continuum non-discursively. Its foundation is the "two-ity", the "falling apart of moments of life into two qualitatively different parts". Here is some further commentary on this process from van Atten, van Dalen and Tieszen's Brouwer and Weyl: The phenomenology and mathematics of the intuitive continuum: 

The notion of agent intellect goes back to Aristotle who distinguished active and passive aspect in the intellect, just as matter and cause are in reality. He was very vague on the nature of this intellect "by virtue of making all things" however. Most Greek and Islamic commentators interpreted Aristotle to mean something transcendent to the human soul, as opposed to "potential" or "possible" intellect of humans, which is part of it. Avicenna elaborated and clarified this transcendent interpretation: agent intellect is the lowest in the series of spiritual substances that rules the sublunar world and illuminates possible intellect with intelligible forms. As such, it is the source of abstract concepts and first principles of science. This dovetailed nicely with Augustinian illumination of the soul by God, and some Christian commentators even identified the agent intellect with God himself. 

"Grounding" is an ostensibly stronger relation, which still falls short of a reduction. Since attempts to express it in terms of supervenience were unsuccessful Fine, Rosen and Schaffer recently proposed to treat it as a primitive instead. What "grounding" is supposed to express is that some states/processes "happen in virtue of" or "metaphysically depend on" others, and therefore are not "over and above" those others, which metaphysically "constitute" them. In application, grounding is supposed to complement statistical correlation and causal dependence as a mode of scientific explanation. Emergence is traditionally the opposite of reduction, higher level processes irreducible to lower level ones are called "emergent", grounding is consistent with epistemic emergence, emergence to us, true metaphysical emergence is excluded.