So my question is, am I correctly attributing the sound to the wheels and, if so, why do deep section wheels sound different than a regular wheel? From my own experience on a Specialized Allez and Secteur - both similar Aluminum road bikes, the latter considered more comfort/endurance - I can say that I have had wrist pain on long rides and the core strengthening was really all that helped me, regardless of my position in relation to the bars. You might also try some bar gel under your tape for extra comfort. Since I've never heard this on any other bike I've ridden except the one with the 303's, I've attributed the sound to the wheels. I normally ride regular 700c alloy wheels around town and for sport. Not deep section in any way. They're great, no noise or complaints. I'd start by raising the stack height a bit so that you lean on your wrists with less weight; your position will be more upright and less aerodynamic. Along with this, make sure your saddle is properly adjusted for height. Recently I got a pair of really nice mid section wheels (Zipp 303 firecrest disc). Use a universal (threadless) bottom bracket (Velo Orange also makes one under their Grand Cru line for around 70 USD; Mavic also used to make them) Front derailleurs: FD's need to be shaped to the number of chainrings (typically 2, less so common 3 on a road bike vs often 3 on a mountain bike) as well as the size of the chainrings. For this reason (and in some cases the amount of cable pull needed to move the front derailleur) you can't mix road cranksets with mountain front derailleurs and mountain cranksets with road front derailleurs. On a mountain frame, you probably can't clear a road double if you were to mount it on, and you may have derailleur mounting issues when putting a mountain crankset on a road frame in some cases. [There is also the community of monster cross'ers, who build beefed up cross bikes which you can take on lighter trails, so if the trails are light enough, you could do it all with one bike!] As for shorter cranks, make sure you actually want them (and you're not looking for adjustments elsewhere); most people who aren't too far from average size will be fine with 165-175 mm cranks. Generally, road stuff is lighter than mountain stuff. Probably less durable in a crash though. Wheels: Mountain rims are often wider to support wider tires at lower pressures and are usually built to be more robust. Your hub widths are often the same, but mountain axles can cause compatibility issues (not just your usual QR) with different frames. Note 700c = 29". Often wheels built for tougher road riding (e.g. touring) use mountain bike hubs.