As per this post from a Riot official employee, you can disenchant the cores for essence (a paltry 2 essence each). There's no plan to use them for anything else. Every champion in League of Legends has armor and magic resistance stats. Even marksmen, who typically don't build any defensive items other than Guardian Angel or Mercurial Scimitar, have some base resistances that reduces damage. Let's say I'm playing some marksman in the bottom lane, and my support is Janna. If Janna shields me, and then the enemy marksman autos me once but doesn't destroy the Janna shield, will I still get the +20 health effect? No. Galio's new E ability (Justice Punch) is explicitly designed to be unable to travel through walls. This is because Galio is meant to be an initiation-style tank character - running away is counter to his theme. You can see the punch in action, as well as its interaction with terrain, in the official champion spotlight on Youtube. If you want to make an actual video recording, you'll need some kind of screen-recording software. There's a whole bunch of options - OBS, Plays.TV, and Fraps are probably the most commonly used ones, but there's tons more too. These will record to actual video files (.avi or .mp4, usually) that you can then convert or use as you please. Void Staff is a little different - it ignores 35% of the total magic resist. So using the two sample champions from before, no matter what their ratio of base vs. bonus magic resist is, they would both have their 100 total magic resistance changed to 65. I've also seen a response from an official Riot employee that the cores will expire on their own in November in order to prevent any future bugs/glitches with the new client, but unfortunately I can't find the post right now as I'm at work. In any case, the cores are now useless and you might as well get the handful of free essence. As mentioned in another answer, you can use the built-in recorder as well, if you just want to save some clips. The result of using the built-in recorder is .webm file, which is a lightweight, web-friendly video file. After testing it, I can't see any hard limit on the amount of time that a single highlight can take (I was able to take 20 minutes of video without any problems). However, the quality of that recording isn't the greatest. I don't have a tool to take exact measurements, but I would estimate the resolution is about 1280x720. There are a lot of compression artifacts, though, so it doesn't look very crisp or high definition. Since player-created terrain such as an Anivia wall or Trundle pillar does count as terrain, Galio should be unable to pass through it. Taken from the League of Legends wiki: In order to select which teammate to bond to, Kalista must use her spear item (which she automatically starts with) on someone. Since this choice cannot be changed after three minutes into the game, most Kalista players will simply choose whoever the support (occasionally jungler) is on the team. When she does so, she'll play an animation of her pulling a spear out of her back and throwing it at the feet of her new partner, who will "die" (not really) and then be bonded to her. During this mini-cutscene, Kalista will make a global announcement - usually something like "the oath has been taken". This is to notify enemies that Kalista has actually chosen a bonded partner. (This global notification is necessary because theoretically, Kalista could wait to bond with a partner until late in the game... though doing so puts her at a significant disadvantage so not many people do that. It also notifies them if, for example, she changes her partner after a jungle invade.) When you buy defensive items, you are often getting additional armor or magic resistance stats. This additional value is called bonus resistances. This is done using a third party tool which modifies how the camera behaves during spectator mode. Though several different tools exist, I believe the most widely used one is the SkinSpotlights Creative Suite, which has been used to make the popular champion skin demonstration videos. This tool allows for free camera movement (in spectator mode only), including zooming in and out further than normal, tilting the camera, and other features. (You will still need a screen recorder of some type to record the actual footage, however. Take a look at this question for some options to record spectator games.) Last Whisper (and its subsequent items) penetrates only bonus armor. That means that base armor is ignored. The reason I ask is because I have seen a handful of very rare occasions where (for example) champion A has a shield and tower dives, taking a bunch of turret shots, and then champion B attacks them once but is unable to pierce the shield. If the only damage done by champion B was to champion A's shield, champion A will be executed by the turret instead of killed by champion B. No, there is no way to directly convert .rofl files to any other video format. This is because they are not video files themselves - they just contain "spectator data" so that the game client knows what actions happened at what times, which allows it to replay those actions in sequence for your viewing pleasure.