I agree with @Dominik Lukes' explanation on the signifier/signified part, but I think "a case where 1 signified has more than 1 signifier" is not quite not what Frege had in mind with his distinction between sense and denotation. This explanation sounds to me rather like a description of a polyseme or, even worse, a homonym (this would rather correspond to the case of one signifier having two different signified). Also I wouldn't say "yet another signifier/sense" using "signifier" and "sense" next to each other as if they could be used interchangeably. So I think the explanations currently given do not quite match what sense and denotation is about, at least in the way I understood them. About the distribution of positive and negative adjectives Some further information that is related to the problem: In this network now, "necessary p" means that from our standpoint (i.e. the "actual world"), in every world we can see, p is true. It might be that there are worlds in which it is not true, but these worlds are not reachable to us, so in our world, p is a necessity. For example "It is necessary that when you drop a pen, it falls down" - it might be that there is a world in which this is not the case, but at least this is in reach of our imagination. "possible p", on the other hand, means that there is at least one world of which p is true. For example "It is possible that this winter will be a cold one". In our network of worlds, we can imaginally reach a world in which the approaching winter is cold, so it is possible that p is true, but we might also be able to imagine worlds in which this is not so, thus p is not a necessity. Note that these "alternative worlds" can also include the actual world we live in, if our world is defined as being able to itself in the universe. It could be that p is true in none of our neighbouring worlds, but in our own one, and if the network states that our world can see itself, then p is possible in our world. 

exclusive or inclusive or When translating the English sentence to French, this distinction is irrelevant: Since French doesn't lexically realize the difference between inclusive vs. exclusive or either, we don't need to make the distinction in the first place, as both sense will result in the same translation (ou). Moschovakis (1994) (full reference see below) chooses quite an interesting approach to make the terms a little clearer: He tries to account for "Sense and denotation as algorithm and value". Basically, he suggestes that the sense of an expression can be regarded as an algorithm to compute the meaning of an expression, while the denotation is the value we get by applying the algorithm with respect to a specific situation. The "algorithm" corresponds to what our interior concept of the meaning of a certain expression is and the "value" to the judgement we make about that meaning applied to a specific situation, so we compute the meaning (in the sense of reference) to the actual world an expression has by applying our generic algorithm steps related to that concept and evaluating its value against what is the case in the world. If you want to do it a bit more formal, the intension of an expression can be viewed as a function mapping from possible worlds to extensions (depending on the type of expression, this extension is a truth value, a set, an individual, ...), which you apply to a possible world (the argument) and get the extension of the expression in that world you just computed the value for. So if the intension of a proposition is a function taking possible worlds as arguments and giving as an output the truth value of the proposition in that possible world, then the value of that term (i.e. f(w) ) is 1 or 0 depending on whether the proposition is true in w. And the algorithm, i.e. the sense or the intension of the proposition is precisely this f - which fits to the approaches made in other theories that the intension of an expression always be a function from possible worlds to whathever that expression denotes, and according to Moschovakis, it is that function which represents the algorithm of a meaning. The intension of a predicate then is a function which is, again, applied to a possible world and returns as value the set of individuals that fulfill the predicate in that very world. You could theoretically do the same for individuals, but assuming that proper names be rigid designators (i.e. that a name will always refer to the same indivudal in any world or situation; although one could argue against this) this maybe seems not as intuitive. Altough there was no actual definition of an algorithm at the time of Frege yet, his writings suggest that he did have an idea of what an algorithm is, and that this might correspond to what he had in mind with his sense and denotation. I find the idea of the sense of an expression being an algorithm you have in your mind which allows us to derive the specific denotation/value in any situation is a really elegant way to capture the two notions. This is not the desired outcome: By putting an existential quantifier with scope over the entire sentence, the formula forces there to be such a something. This is, however, not implied by original sentence: It just says Finnish, on the other hand, does make this distinction: I'm not sure whether one could tweak the representations in such a way that one would get a formulation of precisely the case you described, where the existence of unicorns is extensionally true but the coreference with the entity involved in the intensional predication is not. At the moment I can't think of one.