Some anthropological background Human emotions, of course, entail an interior change of state or mood that a person has no control over, and so if God is truly unchanging, then He could not, properly speaking, experience them in His Divine Nature. In these passages (only two selected from numerous such passages), the unchangeability of God is seen as an advantage, because that we He can defend His people from their enemies. There are also explicit references to God’s unchangeable character: Possessing human emotions would entail a change in God If God in His Divine Nature were to experience human emotions, in the same way that man experiences them, He would suffer a change. We must also keep in mind that the Old Testament in particular shows only an imperfect understanding of God. It took a long time for the ancient Israelites to develop a truly filial relationship with God; at first their relationship with Him was largely one of fear. (See, for instance, Exodus 20:19, among many examples.) Hence, that external agent (whatever it is: another person, a situation, even the weather) is acting upon the person who experiences it, effectively changing his emotional state. In other words, when Jesus called God “Father” (and based on that, the Church Fathers called the relation of the Father “generation”), he was employing human fatherhood as an analogy, so that we could have a glimpse into the ineffable mystery of the Holy Trinity. It follows that God does not experiences emotions, at least not in the same sense that human beings do. However, we can say that His Essence contains, in a pre-eminent way, and in a single act, all of the richness that is contained in our emotions. Perhaps the easiest way to think of it is that each Person knows with the very same Intellect; and each Person loves with the very same Will (and in both cases, the Power in question is actually identical with the Divine Nature). For example, the Bible (even the Old Testament) refers God as our Father. For example, consider Deut. 32:6: Formulated in precisely this way (namely, that God’s essence is identical to His attributes), probably the best source is St. Thomas Aquinas. Lumen Gentium [LG], Vatican II’s dogmatic constitution on the Church, puts it as follows: The O.P. asks about the Catholic position regarding the “emotions” of God, especially as found in the Old Testament. Scriptural references to God’s unchangeability The Scriptures affirm that God is unchanging, even in the Old Testament. For example, there is a frequent image of God as the unchanging rock or shield: It is true that the Father sent two of the Persons into the world in a special way: the Son, in the Incarnation; and the Holy Spirit, at Pentecost. These are the Trinitarian Missions (from the Latin mitto, to send; see CCC 275-260). However, the Persons have existed for all eternity.