Thus, "panpsychism" in many German and English romantics is a philosophical oversimplification, but it does reflect some key aspects of their artistic mindset. 

Leaving aside the question of whether the sociological models employed would be seen as oversimplified to the point of naivety by the sociologically sophisticated, I argue that using the language of agency permits a use of intentional language, almost by sleight of hand. If you call something an 'agent' then you can use intentional terms without examining them, without justifying them and indeed without grounding them. Such terms can be used in a purely operational way and then the metaphor of their functionalism can be allowed to slip into a reality. Now this might not be a problem to the ANT sociologists, but others, such as Forsythe, in her criticism of the positivist stance towards knowledge adopted by the knowledge engineers in her study, would find the same fault at work here. And of course, Searle, the arch-intentionalist, would have no truck with such sleight-of-hand intentionality. He would not allow it in an all-singing, all-dancing robot so I doubt whether he would let it in by the back door here." 

This is likely exaggerated, Kant was in the air of the times, and Husserl did draw parallels with him already in Logical Investigations (1901), while reinterpreting his "synthetic" notion of a priori into intuitive one, and adopted the label and terminology of transcendental idealism around 1915, apparently at Natorp's prompting. There are also undeniable parallels between his approach and that of contemporary neo-Kantians, especially in the early works. The Crisis, on the other hand, is a late work, not completed in Husserl's lifetime, and written under pronounced influence of existentialism, in particular Heidegger's. One has to keep in mind though that what appears to be Kantian framework in Husserl may be at least partly attributable to their common root in Hume. I recently came across a very nice summary of Husserl's theory of cognition in Zhok's Ontological Status of Essences in Husserl’s Thought, which makes Husserl's affinities and breaks with Kant more transparent. 

While Jacobi read it as empty, a propertyless ground, Herder read it as full, a positive infinity. Next, Herder questioned the sense of claiming the utter transcendence of God. God had to act in and through things to grant them force (Kraft) and order. While he had difficulties with the idea of a "world soul" as Jacobi ascribed it to Lessing, because it seemed to imply that the world was God's body, he claimed that seen properly, i.e., sub specie aeternitatis, the material world turned simply into the realized reason of God... Kant, learning of this development, applied himself in the Third Critique vehemently to the rejection of Herder's vitalist pantheism as well as to the refutation of Spinozist "fatalism"." 

We can construct a computer that implements an inconsistent formal theory to which Gödel theorem does not apply just like we can construct a computer that implements Peano arithmetic. A simple example is Meyer's relevant arithmetic R# that allows some contradictions, but uses paraconsistent logic (without the law of explosion) to limit their effect. In R# Meyer was able to prove by finitary means that arithmetical calculations never produce contradictory results despite the presence of more abstract contradictions, not quite what Hilbert wanted, but more than consistent Peano arithmetic allows. Recently McKubre-Jordens and Weber extended R# to inconsistent analysis, there are other interesting inconsistent formal theories that can be implemented just like consistent ones. 

After Putnam's 1981 entry Cohen and Lehrer (1983) put a new spin on the problem, sometimes distinguished as the "new evil demon" problem, which focuses not on externalism of meaning but on reliability of justification and the notion of knowledge: 

The modern consensus is that libertarian free will, as it is called, is coherent and unfalsifiable, but so is determinism, and the two are incompatible (there is also compatibilism which redefines the meaning of "free" in "free will"). So we have a choice to believe or to disbelieve it. As William James put it, "My first act of free will shall be to believe in free will". Information Philosopher gives a nice overview of historical and current views on free will.