As you observed in the question, Lincoln rejected the suggestion from his advisers that Article 2 of the Constitution should be amended. It has not been amended since Lincoln's time, so any future proposal to extend the President's term-of-office would also require a constitutional amendment. Pipe Workers The wider upheavals described above seem to have had much less impact on pipe-workers. Even as late as 1910, Fitch would observe that: 

The failures seem to have been at all levels, but ultimately stemmed from the distribution of responsibility for planning and implementing an effective network. Thus, we can say that for workers involved in the production of steel ingots, the normal working week was seven twelve-hour shifts. i.e. 84 hours, over the period in question. 

Secondly, the economic reasons. A prosperous Europe would be a growth market for American industries, promoting further growth at home. I haven't been able to find anything written by Abraham Lincoln himself explicitly explaining his reasons for declining the position of Governor of the Territory of Oregon in September 1849. Pretty much correct Wladmir, this article shows the growth over time, but it was all due to the Permanent Apportionment Act of 1929: http://www.thirty-thousand.org/pages/Why_435.htm Section 2. The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation. If you look at the history of the World they had great early success with specific journalists and innovations, such as the Cross-word puzzle, but by 1920 these seemed to disappear 

At the time the Constitution WAS seen as the enshrinement of laws, getting an Amendment gave weight to your cause and Federal enforcement. I don't have official sources on this but there are arguments that prior to the use of the Commerce Clause to give Federal enforcement powers an Amendment was the way to get National enforcement. Although looking more at varous sources the most common rationale given for a national-law is the Temperance Movement already had many States enacting Prohibitive Laws, but this would make it Federal and not allow Liquor interests to interfere locally and influence local politicians. Between government need for new weapons and technologies, and the retooling of production lines to produce more bullets and less butter, there are opportunities for innovation. Innovation makes more efficient uses of the available resources and deepens the capital pool dramatically. Furthermore, during wartime, innovation is easier. In normal conditions there are always opponents to innovation, because innovation is never Pareto Efficient. War lowers the commitment to Pareto Efficiency and makes innovation easier to implement. A full explanation of this phenomenon would probably require a small essay. 

The same search repeated for the USA indicates that the church may not be declining (*Update: I don't intend this single citation to prove the point. I didn't want to base my answer on the simple assertion of OP. While I think OP's assertion is probably correct, I don't have the data and I don't want to gather the data. I started the answer by comparing two google searches - the google search on Britain suggests that there is consensus that the church is declining, while the google search on the USA suggests that the conclusion is still in doubt. I admit that is a very weak methodology, but I think I've made it clear this is an approximate answer.)