Question: What if a husband is displeased with his new wife's body after getting married? it may be a minor (i.e., a child) who inadvertently witnesses your sex act; And it seems reasonable to believe that Muslims are expected to obey the law even if they are 100% guaranteed to get away with disobeying the law. I'm trying to get a better mental picture here. It seems to be a significant risk. Question: Does Qur'an 4:3 forbid marrying more than four wives? Any person who, contrary to Islamic Law, acts or behaves in an indecent manner in any public place shall be guilty of an offence and shall on conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding one thousand ringgit or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both. Behaviour that is likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress to other users contrary to the Public Order Act 1986 I have in mind a situation where the husband's previous wife will receive the majority (if not all) of his financial support and the majority of this time. She is aware of this before marriage, being informed by her future husband himself and being confirmed through observation of their living conditions. However, she agrees to marry him nevertheless. The above applies to England and Wales although there are some similar provisions in Scotland and Northern Ireland Question: Can an arbitrator for domestic disputes in Qur'an 4:35 be a non-Muslim? So basically, for you to die by getting stabbed in the head with an iron needle is better than touching a non mehram woman. So the most innocent of actions such as touching sounds like a pretty major sin! i.e, you're better off dying by getting an iron needle stuck in your head, than to touch a non mehram woman... Can or Is the marriage contract in Islam considered a prenuptial agreement? Lets start with touching, as that sounds like the most innocent of actions you've described in your question: Source: http://islamqa.info/en/36648 I hope this helps you see how major the sins are for the actions you've described. For example, if in the contract it does not include any details on what will happen in a divorce situation other than the dowry belonging to the female, can such a contract be considered a pre-nup? With that in mind, the other actions/activities you described could be thought of as less innocent than the "touching" action. So if touching is such a major sin, I'd hate to even try to imagine what kind of punishments would be better than those other actions. I'm wondering what would happen if the first condition were false, i.e., the man does not fear that he "will not deal justly with the orphan girls". Behaviour that is likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress to other users contrary to the Public Order Act 1986 Question: Can an arbitrator for domestic disputes in Qur'an 4:35 be a non-Muslim? It's possible it could be interpreted as a crime under Sharia Law too. E.g., Malaysia has this crime (see http://www.esyariah.gov.my/): I'm wondering what after happens if, after getting married and the wife revealing her body for the first time, her husband is not satisfied. Question: What if a husband is displeased with his new wife's body after getting married? Islam Q&A includes some specifics: it may be a minor (i.e., a child) who inadvertently witnesses your sex act; 3. Mubarat (mutually negotiated divorce） TheNews.com.pk explain this as: It's unclear to me if she is also engaging in sin, or if this is limited only to her husband. Having sex in public is a crime in certain circumstances, and Muslims are expected to obey the law: Any person who, contrary to Islamic Law, acts or behaves in an indecent manner in any public place shall be guilty of an offence and shall on conviction be liable to a fine not exceeding one thousand ringgit or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months or to both. See also Muslim Personal Law: Moral and Legal Issues (pdf) The Qur'an verse relating to polygyny is: Question: Does Qur'an 4:3 forbid marrying more than four wives? The above applies to England and Wales although there are some similar provisions in Scotland and Northern Ireland Muslims should have some kind of shyness (hayaa): I have in mind a situation where the husband's previous wife will receive the majority (if not all) of his financial support and the majority of this time. She is aware of this before marriage, being informed by her future husband himself and being confirmed through observation of their living conditions. However, she agrees to marry him nevertheless.