1Here is link to the current revision. 2Some exceptions concerning the premier tournaments are mentioned in the footnotes below the table saying: "The player's ranking at the time did not qualify her to play this event. Accordingly, the player's next best result is counted in its place." and "The player was not a Top 20 player at the end of 2016 and therefore not required to count her two best Premier 5 results. Accordingly, the player's next best result is counted in its place." 3Again, I will add a link to the current revision of the Wikipedia article. I have noticed that Rafael Nadal had more points in Race rankings than in world rankings in several recent editions of ATP rankings. 

I did not find any source confirming that this is indeed a record. I found on Wikipedia that Michael Chang is the youngest player to win Grand Slam title. Wikipedia also has list of oldest tournament winners (current revision). But I did not find information about who was the youngest tournament winner. 

Here's a good link with comparisons: http://www.tennismindgame.com/one-or-two-handed-backhand.html A player that is easy to beat, an easy prey. If you beat a player too many times, he/she becomes your "pigeon". 1) Lifting only left heel, but left foot stays on the ground. 2) Bending knees, and doing leg spring action, lifting your legs off the ground, propelling yourself up and into the ball. I have seen pros and they seem to have feet in the air. Which way is correct? Have you seen anyone using #1? 

She puts pressure and rushes me. I realized I need to pass her better. When I pass her with a good cross court topspin, I ace it, or she hits it out. I hit way too many slices, and she has no problem with those. She also gets the high lobs well because she's tall. If the ball goes to my forehand, I find it more comfortable to use a really junky slice to their backhand, or depending where they are at the net. I find that they get to the ball, but mishit it 95% of the time when I put a wicked backspin on it, the ball goes straight to their side of the net. She loved coming to the net, and I gave her enough short balls to do so. "In tennis, having the right to "serve" (put in play) the ball is a decided advantage, so players alternate serves between games, sharing this advantage. Between two almost evenly matched players, whoever serves will win most games, by "holding serve." But in the typical "set," the better of the two players will win an occasional game while the other person is serving, a result that is known as "breaking serve." [The person whose serve is broken is said to "go down a break."] 

Seeing the woman's strong showing, are the tennis instructors likely to think, we have a "natural" here who's likely to be "pro" caliber (6.0 or better)? Or is there more likely to be a natural ceiling of, say, 5.0 with her having reached "most" (80-90 percent) of her potential at the clinic itself? 

I was reading a magazine article about a thirty-something actress who never played tennis before, took a tennis clinic, and in the course of a three day weekend, rose to "high intermediate" level (a 4.0 or 4.5). 

Put another way, how "lopsided" are John Isner, Ivo Karlovic, or other similarly challenged world class players. 

This, together with the fact that he or she is serving half the time and (presumably) holds all serves, means that the slightly better player will likely win the set by getting a majority of the games with a score of say, 6-4. If a player both holds serve and breaks serve consistently, the result could be a more lop-sided 6-0 tally that clearly demonstrates who is the better player." 

Except for the boldfaced part in brackets, this tennis analogy was used years ago in a piece of mine on the stock market. I'll use an example from baseball to illustrate my question. A designated hitter is someone who bats, but is not deployed on the field. In its extreme form, a "one way player" would be someone who was one of the best hitters in the game, but could not field as well as a good minor league player. Examples would be David Ortiz or Frank Thomas.