I have had my own daughter tell me this as well as a few of the kids I have either cared for or taught in a classroom over the years. While it is rude of them to say, and could be hurtful to the adult, the first thing is to remind oneself from whence the comment is coming - a disgruntled child angry at being corrected or not getting his or her way. They rarely really feel that way over-all (even the adolescents who usually use stronger language to essentially say the same thing). 

Same thing with cleaning. If she doesn't put away her toys and you have to clean them up. The toys are no longer available - not because you have taken them, but because in real life, leaving stuff out and around results in those things being broken or lost and the room unusable. Since other family members have to use the room you are just putting the toys away where they are out of the way of the other family members (then tell her how she can earn the toys back. The method should be related somehow to demonstrating her willingness and ability to take better care of her things). 

The first or second time there was a slip, I just gave a warning, but if students (or my child) started regularly using profanity or used it as a form of "name calling" then I certainly require a list of other, more meaningful words to choose from. The words should express the idea she want to express in a more constructive way. 

Mary Jo Finch and Ana both have it right when they say, "be there for her" (I'm paraphrasing). Letting her sleep with you and recognizing that she will be jumpy for awhile is a natural response to such an event. I'm not sure by what you mean "gun used for practice," but even so, that would be traumatic for almost anyone. Having a window break - one you were sitting near - because of a gunshot is probably not a "small trauma" to her and shouldn't be treated as though it is. At the same time you don't want to make it even bigger by playing up the drama either. 

You mention your son's behavior at school is "inappropriate" and he has trouble keeping friends. Is he exhibiting bully-like behavior? Pulling on his sister's hair is another red-flag warning you have a kid struggling with the difference between influence and control. Bully behaviors can arise for a number of reasons, but kids that are punished physically are at greater risk for becoming kids that attempt to exert control over others in inappropriate ways. 

Teach "needs of others" - Because I knew I made plenty of time to listen to her throughout the day, was connected and made time for fun activities, reading books and other things, I felt no guilt or remorse about giving her a request for quiet at times too. "I am a person that needs quiet time everyday to recharge my energy - it is like charging batteries for me. Can you give me a little of that time right now? I need about five minutes." Obviously, for you guys, needs of others is a big lesson being learned anyway, the thing to be careful about is that his needs are important too, but that everyone needs things and not everyone's needs are equal. 

"I don't like that", "Stop, I don't want this game" . . . 

If your child doesn't see this as a problem, I actually don't see this as a problem at all. 

However, I wouldn't hesitate to talk to her about it with the caveat that you speak WITH her about it, not At her. If she feels fearful it could happen again, and you try to simply play it off with "accidents happen" you aren't really reassuring her of her safety OR acknowledging her fears and offering a coping mechanism. 

Many four year old's speak incessantly at this age- even when they DO get all the attention. There isn't a lot to be done about it. Having said that, mine was the same way and here is what we did to help us adults maintain our sanity amongst it all: