Principles are rules. In ethics, they are rules about right and wrong action, like “If a person is innocent, it is wrong to punish him/her (or, you should not punish him/her).” You can find a first kind answer by checking whether his work is well-cited in the professional philosophy literature. That is, do philosophers find his work worth engaging in their own work? Has his work been treated as part of the professional conversation among philosophers? There is a huge literature by contemporary Kantians, nearly all of whom reject specific parts of Kant's program. Etiquette is a set of rules for how to behave rightly or wrongly that are generally understood to be less serious than moral rules. One way of making the distinction is to say that societies can differ radically in their rules of etiquette without any negative consequences, but not in their rules of morality; on this approach, rules of etiquette are defined as the rules that can vary among societies without any bad moral consequences. So, no society that allows punishing the innocent is a moral society, and such a society may not be a stable society. But one society can make it right to pass people on the right, and another society can make it right to pass people on the left, as a matter of etiquette, and it doesn't matter — all that matters is that there is some standard for how passing should work. Towards at least the first kind of answer, you could look at Alain de Botton's citations on Google Scholar. This search reveals that he is fairly well cited, with publications in the three digits. However, when you click on the citation links there, you should check whether they venues include philosophy journals or what are clearly philosophy books. Virtues are properties of people or other beings who act rightly in a habitual way. A habit of acting rightly is a virtue. A person who acts rightly may or may not be following a moral rule or principle. In fact, it may be possible to have a virtue without believing in any moral principles, or if no principles exist. That's the one recent paper I know of. To search for other papers on any topic you might search the PhilPapers database. Also, you releasing your debtors is not a requirement for you to be forgiven. The word is 'as', in the same way, not 'as' in the sense of 'because'. It cannot be true that, as Jesus told the Apostles 'those you hold accountable, are held accountable' if those folks then get forgiven by forgiving others. Also as a manipulation, they have to be open about their intent, which they never are. People retrench into their own sense of their own rights as if they are the actual content of the ethics. So they do not realize when their defensive position contradicts the moral motivation for the right itself. Considering that, positive maxims generally have more content and less ambiguity. "Allow any other the freedom to live" works better than "Don't kill" because it is about the freedom to live, and gives more handhold to the reasons for euthanasia, suicide, etc. It naturally raises the questions 'is insanity freedom?', 'can one choose to relinquish choice?' The closed form given by negation loses the motivation. This is disputed at great length, and lied about in Congress and in fiction, but the data are clear. No matter how you abuse or threaten someone, with direct pain, psychological force, threats to loved ones, etc., the primary effect is to garner false information, mostly false confessions or false implications of the guilt of innocent people. Ethics and morality are often used by philosophers as synonyms. Some philosophers have suggested that we use the words in slightly different ways, where “ethics” would refer to a system describing right and wrong action in particular contexts like a profession or a role (like “business ethics"); “morality” would describe rightness and wrongness in the more general role of being a human being (like “it's wrong to harm other human beings”). But, there may not be a sharp distinction between these contexts, and the words are often used interchangeably. There is a huge literature by contemporary Kantians, nearly all of whom reject specific parts of Kant's program. It is a matter of debate whether anything at all has intrinsic value. Some people claim that human lives have intrinsic value. Others claim that happiness has intrinsic value. If these or other things have intrinsic value, it would be unreasonable or incorrect not to value them. Towards at least the first kind of answer, you could look at Alain de Botton's citations on Google Scholar. This search reveals that he is fairly well cited, with publications in the three digits. However, when you click on the citation links there, you should check whether they venues include philosophy journals or what are clearly philosophy books. And second, though it would take much more time, you could glance and see whether at least some those mentions are generally positive, and most say something other than “it's rubbish.” Philosophers routinely criticize philosophers they respect and declare them wrong, so only some kinds of criticism signal lack of respect, and the existence of citations is a good measure of respect. But philosophers also occasionally also cite publications as part of arguing that certain positions or arguments are rubbish and not respectable, so the existence of citations is not a perfect measure.