EDIT: Regarding the miraculous nature of the virgin birth, C.S Lewis says the following in Miracles (a short essay that can be found in God in the Dock, and not the same as(though very similar to) his book Miracles): 

In the four Gospels, Jesus seems to talk a lot about the Law, about how to behave, about "the Kingdom" and how to restore social order. It doesn't seem like he talks about what Paul talks about: grace, law vs. gospel, gentile-inclusion. Mostly, what most Christians mean by "Gospel" and grace. The Bible makes it very, very clear that the virgin birth is true. The emphasis below is mine: 

tl;dr: you either have to twist the Scriptures like crazy or just outright disbelieve them to refuse the Virgin Birth. 

A savior. A promise. Importantly, not Adam. Adam and Eve weren't going to get themselves out of this mess. Their offspring would. An offspring who would be born through the humiliating and painful process that God had just described to Eve a few verses back (the curse of the pain of childbirth). An offspring who would be injured by the snake (crushed on the heel) but who would, ultimately, crush the head of the snake. 

Science also says people can't walk on water, turn water into wine, spontaneously cure illness, or walk around after being killed. Whether you accept these things as having happened (as divine miracle) is pretty much the definition of most forms of Christianity. It isn't so much "glossing over", as "this is the doctrine and dogma of the Church". Yes, you are right, this would have been a pretty significant event. The fact this story is only mentioned in one of the gospels (and incredibly briefly at that) is interesting. More interesting, perhaps, is that we have a range of non-Biblical records from a similar time, and this event is not recorded. Frankly, it would have been. Corpses stumbling through the streets is not something that people idly dismiss. Even for the people not all that interested in "yet another prophet", but just wanted to eke out their existence - this would have been a huge event. 

Your question about the body from "mum and dad" vs "virgin" is rather moot when any miracle would presumably handle minor details like that. A "natural" (parthenogenesis) virgin birth here would presumably be female, given the lack of a Y chromosome to hand, although genetics is sometimes not quite as binary as would be convenient, and many scientists in the field will say that X / Y are a bit more fluid than might be obvious. 

I know this won't be popular, but it seems the most likely explanation is that this was an embellishment, perhaps intended to resonate with a particular audience, but equally perhaps just accidentally added during the oral tradition (IIRC the gospel of Matthew is usually dated between 40 and 70 years after these events). The problem, though, is that it is not kosher to suggest/acknowledge this view, because it raises the ugly question: "if that bit is an embellishment, what else is?", and throws the "divine inspired" into chaos. But: I know plenty of Christians who raise an eyebrow at this part of Matthew, particularly because it is so throwaway. Your confusion over this event (I'm looking in particular at your comments on Randy's answer) are not unique to yourself. He was despised. He was beaten. He was killed on a Roman cross, the death for traitors and murderers. He temporarily went through Hell for his people. Satan had indeed bruised his heel, but that death had paid for the sins of his people. 

But God promises to put enmity between them and the snake. He would pull them apart from their wretched connection to sin and death. How? 

And when Christ rose from the dead on the third day, he conquered death. He conquered the very thing Satan had brought into the world and brought back Adam and Eve to himself. 

I'm looking for passages of Paul or Jesus that match up with each other, not external verification that they are on the same page. 

EDIT: Regarding the miraculous nature of the virgin birth, C.S Lewis says the following in Miracles (a short essay that can be found in God in the Dock, and not the same as(though very similar to) his book Miracles): Also, the angel's reassurance to Joseph that the child is from the Holy Spirit rules out any possible third party - unless you question the angel's knowledge. The amillennialist viewpoint would make for a terrible movie. In a nutshell, it can be summed up by the following: One day, Jesus is going to come back, punish those who rejected him, reward those who are his, and establish his kingdom. The viewpoint also approaches revelation from a completely different perspective, which, unfortunately, typically requires a significant amount of deprogramming from the dispensational millennial viewpoint, if the student is coming from that perspective, and that level of detail would be outside the scope of this answer. I'd recommend More Than Conquerors by William Hendrickson. For an excellent audio resource, I'd recommend Randy Pope's "The Rest of the Story" series, available on podcast. 

I had a couple of questions in the comments. The first one was concerning whether Christ's second return was going to be a secret event as it is portrayed in the movies. I'm assuming this is referring to, mainly, the popular Left Behind series. The Left Behind series portrays the end times from a dispensationalist, pre-trib rapture, millennial perspective. My understanding of the end times is amillennial. Therefore, I do not believe in a "rapture" that will take the Christians off of the earth, leaving the non-Christians on the earth for seven years to sort it all out. Though I was raised in that tradition, I found it to be overly complicated, and too recent of a development (John Darby, 1800s) for comfort.