Bipartisan support (many Democrats praised the effort, which was an easy win for them too) No larger military commitments Avoided any serious entanglements with Russia (whom we warned about the strike) Didn't really do any serious damage "Sent a message" about chemical weapons It's not that the market was failed. The problem was the market was distorted and Democrats had some ideas on how to fix it (there wasn't a broad consensus on Single Payer, but Obamacare instituted Community Rating and Universal Coverage). Consider the following problems These are strategic alliances If we do not work with them, they will buy weapons from other countries (like Russia), and possibly form strategic alliances with them instead Remember that the Paris Accords was a non-binding agreement with the US agreeing to do a lot, with other countries doing little, if nothing. That was the chief criticism of it Medicare Medicare is the Federal healthcare system for people 65 and over (some people get Medicare Advantage, where the government pays the premium for a private healthcare plan in exchange for certain policies). It's a huge entitlement but it is also fairly popular because it's been around for a long time and, most importantly, doesn't do a good job of controlling costs (in terms of payments to providers). As such, most people like it a great deal because it acts like people tend to think government programs should. Previous attempts to control costs (by lowering reimbursement rates) were deeply unpopular and ultimately failed. Remember, this demographic covers all Americans, regardless of economic status. As such, it is protected by a cadre of politically active American voters. Because people are squeamish about chemical weapons. Remember, President Obama (not a hawkish president by any stretch) said this From Wikipedia (emphasis mine) The man-made islands are primarily for civilian purposes and to increase safety for ships, China claims. The superpower has said it won't interfere with freedom of navigation or overflight. As to the idea that the Russian probe was the reason, it doesn't fit very well. This firing had the opposite effect, with Democrats (and even some Republicans) calling for a special prosecutor. He's also angered some people at the FBI After all this, the final submissions are not enforceable, and carry no consequences beyond “shame” for noncompliance — a fact bizarrely taken for granted by all involved. Policy Medicare, being the more popular program, is a much easier sell (image source) Ultimately this was an easy win. Trump got