Final Notes: Be sure to put torches on the roof of your tower, else monsters will spawn on the roof and dive-bomb you when you approach. So, I figured I'd torch out the Cave Spider Spawner, and farm the Skeleton Spawner for Bones and Arrows. Except, it doesnt work. I max torched the Spider Spawner, and it still spawns Spiders. I THINK that's everything, I will edit if I remember something I've forgotten. Good Luck and Happy Hunting! The formulae for multiple enchants works like this: Bookshelves increase the number of levels you can dump into an enchantment, increasing the chances that the enchantment you get is a good one. 15 bookshelves caps this effect. Random(0,enchantability) + 1 = a random number between 0 and the items enchantibility, and then add 1 to that. Afterthought: I'm aware your question asked for a method of farming\exp gain that did not require a lot of prep, but this was the best compromise I could come up with. Realistically if your trying to to get 'quick and easy' you could still use this method and only include the single first floor in your 'tower'. (which I suppose would then be a warehouse instead of a tower, heh). Then when your feeling bored or otherwise motivated you could add on to it as you see fit. I'm not sure what else to say to the 'lack of prep' feature. Asking for safe exp grind without prep is kind of like asking for free money, it just doesn't realistically happen. Bookshelves need to be placed no more than two blocks away from the enchanting table horizontally, and must be vertically either on the same level as the table, or one level up. I've managed to break stone, ores of all quality, netherrack, soulsand and dirt this way. I havent tested it against other blocks but it may apply to all blocks. This section is pretty straightforward. If your modified enchanting level falls into any of these number brackets you have the possibility to get that enchantment. Edit: I should note that I do not want to destroy the Cave Spider Spawner, I'm aware that this can be done but its not my objective nor is 'finding a way to make the spider spawner stop' my purpose behind this question. What I'm asking is if the rules behind the Cave Spider are different than the rules behind the other spawners. The maximum hight as I remember it is 22 blocks for a skeleton. This should leave them with 1\2 a heart left, so that they can be killed by a single punch. What is the most efficient setup for a 6 Chambered Reactor, and have it NEVER overheat. Ideally I would not want the cooling components to meltdown either. However, since the new addition of Bow Enchants in patch 1.1 I've become slightly grey on the idea of the enchantibility of a Bow, the table on the website does not give the enchantability for bows, however. Does anyone know it? With the charcoal you can now make torches to light up the inside of your hole, place them, then put a roof over your hole using the dirt you dug up to make the hole in the first place. Unbreaking Enchantment Level 1 (5-55) Level 2 (15-65) Level 3 (25-75) (enchantibility is an items enchantibility determined by the type of item it is, diamond, gold, wood, etc. These are listed on the wiki as well.) So I'm an admin of a minecraft server, and I've discovered that the wisps near my server's spawn arn't just the result of a spawner, there is actually a very large (over 500 vis) unstable node about 100 meters from the spawn area generating them. This is causing all kinds of issues as I have people joining the server and getting practically insta-gibbed by a swarm of wisps. How can I get rid of the node quickly? Yes, you can trade swords with Zombie Pigman, as per the wiki states, however I just spent almost 20 minutes attempting the act and I could not replicate it, so I am unsure of the truth to the wiki article. 4--Remove from the list of possible enchantments anything that conflicts with previously-chosen enchantments. Does sleeping in a bed in minecraft do anything else besides turn night into morning instantly to the game status, such as advancing time as if you had slept for X hours? With a torch placed directly on top of the spawner to boot. -.- I still get spiders. You can still get the highest level of specific enchants at some levels lower than 50 depending on the type of item you enchant, but generally speaking, I would strongly suggest you enchant diamond tools\weapons\armor only, because they last longer so you get more bang for your 'buck' of experience. As listed on the wiki, Diamond Items don't have the best qualities for enchanting, but 1,300+ uses from a Pickaxe of Fortune III is just too good to pass up if you ask me. Once you have your MEL from the above formulae, the game modifies it further one last time, either increasing or reducing it by a random percentage that caps at 25% more or less than it was originally. (100 can turn into anything from 75 to 125) I just realized that in all my time within the Nether I've never had a mob spawn in my netherwart farm. Now, while this would make sense after my farm was complete, because of the netherwart being on the block, it took my quite a bit of time to fill up all my blocks with netherwart. And in all that time (3-5 hours) I never got a single zombie pigman in my farm.