P.S. Obviously a lot depends on my definition of 'well done,' so I'm mainly looking for a breakdown of novels, without revealing the plot. Let me open by saying that I wasn't entirely sure how to ask this question and stay on topic. This is my best attempt. I do believe this question will help other writers. So we know that Jim is probably a bit afraid/panicked, probably feeling responsible for what's going on, and since he's overprotective, most likely wanting to shield Raaisel from any potential damage. My reason for confusion is that Harry Potter seems to have done this quite successfully. The message of Harry Potter, as I see it, is the power of love, and how those with love will always triumph over those without. This message remains the same throughout all seven books, and at least the first six books seem to follow the same general pattern. (Dursleys, school, steps to solving main conflict, confrontation with Voldemort, resolution.) This clearly did not detract from the books, hence my confusion. Alternatives While querying agents is the most well-known way to get a book into print, there are alternatives you can explore. EDIT for clarification (hopefully): If I sell rights to the short story/chapter/excerpt, then go on to try and sell the whole novel (which contains that same bit), are those short story rights likely to conflict with the whole novel rights that the publisher is going to want? If, for example, I sell First North American Serial Rights for the short story, does that also exercise the same rights for the novel containing it? Occasionally I've seen novel excerpts published in short story venues. They're usually sections of a recent or forthcoming novel that also hold together as a self-contained story. Alternately, sometimes an author starts with the short story, which is later expanded into a novel and sold. (I believe Ender's Game is one such example). Of course, as with everything, there are exceptions. Lord of the Rings, for example, has extremely long setup and resolution phases, even in proportion to its impressive length. Now all we have to do is figure out which of the descriptive terms we have in step two will work, given our context. Now go back to your scene, and determine the protagonist's emotional state. Now I'll just say the line a few times myself the way I think you're visualizing it, and describe it that way: You can also usually get away with a very brief amount of telling. For example, you could say, "early in the morning," or, "a few minutes later," or, "around dinner time." My reason for confusion is that Harry Potter seems to have done this quite successfully. The message of Harry Potter, as I see it, is the power of love, and how those with love will always triumph over those without. This message remains the same throughout all seven books, and at least the first six books seem to follow the same general pattern. (Dursleys, school, steps to solving main conflict, confrontation with Voldemort, resolution.) This clearly did not detract from the books, hence my confusion. Once you've signed a contract with the agent and gone through any revision, they'll begin shopping your book around. Hopefully everyone loves it, there's a huge multi-house auction, and you can retire! Occasionally I've seen novel excerpts published in short story venues. They're usually sections of a recent or forthcoming novel that also hold together as a self-contained story. Alternately, sometimes an author starts with the short story, which is later expanded into a novel and sold. (I believe Ender's Game is one such example). Querying an agent usually involves sending a query letter and the first few (rarely more than 5) pages as a sample. Agents will specify the exact format they desire, and they will almost all be slightly different. Writers Market is one of the better-known resources for agent listings. Note that they are a paid service. (They also have print editions). For the most part, agencies are all on the web these days, and they should describe their preferred formats on their site. Of course, as with everything, there are exceptions. Lord of the Rings, for example, has extremely long setup and resolution phases, even in proportion to its impressive length. EDIT for clarification (hopefully): If I sell rights to the short story/chapter/excerpt, then go on to try and sell the whole novel (which contains that same bit), are those short story rights likely to conflict with the whole novel rights that the publisher is going to want? If, for example, I sell First North American Serial Rights for the short story, does that also exercise the same rights for the novel containing it?