Although I am not comfortable thinking of the account of God's creation of Eve as being in any way allegorical or mythical, I do, however, think of the account as a kind of artistic and symbolic version of what actually transpired when God created another human being--a female human being--in His image who would complement the male of the species whom He had already created. Volition, of course, is potentially both a blessing and a curse. When we sow seeds of hatred, lust, anger, bitterness, or one or more of a host of bad seeds, we inevitably, sooner or later, reap what we've sown. That is the curse. The good news, in the words of the Christmas carol by Korbel and Watts, is that Emotion bespeaks feelings, of course, and in addition to the obvious ones such as love, hate, anger, rage, compassion, sadness, joy, passion, apathy, envy, jealousy, pride, regret, anticipation, bitterness, fear, happiness, contentment, anxiety, ad infinitum, there are also admixtures and varying intensities of feeling, some of which are difficult to articulate, let alone define. Notice who stirred up King Cyrus's mind (or spirit): the LORD. Proverbs 21:1 tells us that In conclusion, that unity of which I speak requires of Christian hermeneutists at least three things: 1) that they strive for balance in their interpretations, neither spiritualizing a text where such an interpretation is not warranted, nor being too literal in interpreting a text, particularly when a deeper spiritual interpretation is warranted; 2) that they learn to depend on the Holy Spirit of God, who is certainly the quintessential hermeneutist, to enlighten and enliven them as they seek to interpret God's Word; and 3) that they consider differences of interpretation among hermeneutists as opportunities for both learning from those with whom they disagree, and, if appropriate, pointing out in love where and why they disagree with a given interpretation. With the fall of our first parents, both they and the world they inhabited were spoiled permanently. Paul wrote that "The development of Samaritanism and its alienation from Judaism was a process that began with the division of the kingdom of Israel, and continued through successive incidents which promoted antagonism, including the importation of foreign colonists into Samaria by Assyria, the rejection of the new Samaritan community by the Jews, the building of a rival temple on Mt. Gerizim, the political and religious opportunism of the Samaritans, and the destruction of both the Samaritan temple and their capital of Shechem by John Hyrcanus during the second century B:C. The Samaritan religion at the time of Jesus had become Mosaic and quasi-Sadducean, but strongly anti-Jewish. Jesus recognized their heathen origins and the falsity of their religious claims." In other words, Jesus could very well have commissioned this man on a one-to-one basis. Perhaps for whatever reason this man could not "follow along with"--as John put it--the Twelve or some other recognizable group of Jesus-followers (e.g., "the 70" in Luke 10:1), so Jesus permitted him to heal people in Jesus' name. The good news, however, comes in verse 8, which is certainly a pivotal verse in Genesis: To make a defense and to give an answer presumes, first, we are being asked questions, and second, we know how to respond to those questions, even if that means we become familiar with the arguments our opponents may use against us. To learn in advance how to answer those arguments is at the very heart of apologetics (Peter's Greek word for defense). From at least the Midrashic period in Judaism, the so-called PaRDeS method of biblical interpretation was taught by rabbis and scribes, and learned by their pupils. The acronym PaRDeS stands for P -eshat, the literal, plain, or simple meaning; R-emez, the deep, allegorical meanings or hints; D-erash*, the comparative, metaphorical meaning; and S-od*, the hidden, philosophical, secret, or mysterious meaning. Literally (but also symbolically), when a person enters into (or is touched by!) the waters of baptism and is baptized by another believer (a minister, priest, elder, deacon, rector, or fellow Christian), she or he becomes a M-arked Christian. In other words, this person is affirming publicly that he or she is now a follower of Jesus Christ. Baptism for them is an outward act which bears witness to an inner spiritual transformation. See especially Romans 6:3 ff., which is read quite aptly at a baptismal service, but which speaks more of the metaphorical baptism than the literal. As a rhetorician I am bound to emphasize the communication aspect of intellect, but we must also consider man's inventive ability, organization ability, problem-solving ability, adapt-ability*, memor-ability* and so much more, all of which are made possible through symbolic thinking via language. In context, Matthew 18:20 is preceded by Jesus' teaching on three things: 1) the inevitable occurrence of sin among God's children, and the responsibility of God's children to resist sin; 2) God's outgoing love for one of His children who goes astray (the one lost sheep from a flock of 100); and 3) Jesus' teaching on church discipline, the kind of which is rendered necessary by a sin of one member against another.