"Frege's conception of the analytic was suitably broader than Kant's. Kant required that conceptual containments be evident within the sentence, rather than that the sentence be displayed as a conclusion following logically from axioms whose own logical or conceptual truth was self-evident, and which might contain expressions not occurring in the sentence in question... Kant did not regard ‘7 + 5 = 12’ as an analytic truth. The Fregean, by contrast, is able to exploit the internal structure of the numerals, and to invoke the recursion axioms for addition (which themselves would have to have been derived in logicist fashion). So, for the Fregean, even if not for Kant, ‘7 + 5 = 12’ is an analytic truth." 

You are correct, arguments do not take place in a void, the arguers have to share common principles or presuppositions to make an argument possible. If both are allowed to reject each other's premises and background assumptions without limitations they will just be talking past each other. 

Interestingly enough, the original Christian theodicy wasn't free will. St.Augustine says poetically "the canvas of creation requires both the black and the white paint". "Requires" here can be interpreted differently, modern interpretation is to explain the black by the "just punishment" for the original sin, which brings us to Adam and Eve, and back to the free will. But if God is still omnipotent and hence omniscient creating creatures he knew would sin, and then punishing them for it is hardly an improvement. 

Robinson, continued to build up his skeptical case by arguing that begging the question has traditionally been thought to be a fallacy because it is a breaking of the rules of the old-fashioned game of elenchus (two-person contestive question-reply argumentation as found in Aristotle). Each participant has a conclusion (question) to be proved, and one of the rules, according to Robinson, was that a question must not directly ask for conclusion." 

This is perhaps the closest option to the unrestricted uberdomain asked for in the OP. When restriction of context is needed one can simply use the classical restriction device described above, there are no qualms to be had in Meinongianism over what “sets” may contain. Pace Kant, there is also an existence predicate in this formalization, and blocking incoherence with impossible objects is simple: their properties may be inconsistent, but the existence predicate is false on them. "There are" and "there exist" come apart here.