“Aorist presents” is a term used by many (but not all) Indo-Europeanists to describe verb forms for the present tense with zero-grade ablaut (like the strong aorist). A classic example is Sanskrit tudati “he bumps into”, which forms its present tense from the zero-grade root *tud-, not the full grade *taud-. In this sense it resembles the aorist. 

If there is an explicit agent the verb will agree with the agent in person and gender only; that is: it can only be in the 3rd person singular masculine or feminine. Thus: 

However, both thamar and thamara are grammatically singular (masculine and feminine respectively). 

What you say about Arabic is a bit confused. ghurfa / ghuraf is a simple singular / plural situation, the plural being formed by restructuring the consonants of the singular (which is not at all "sporadic"). There are, however, words with a three-fold distinction between collective / singularative / plural, where the collective is the primary form, for example: 

Well, first of all there is English, which has three cases for pronouns (he, his, him) and two for nouns (dog, dog’s), and where articles and adjectives are invariable for case (the old dog’s house). 

At a more general level, linguists have a tendency to classify this sort of situation as agglutination rather than inflection. By this analysis, the “s” in this example can be analysed as a postposition affecting the whole article+adjective+noun phrase “the old dog”. You will find this in all so-called agglutinative languages (Turkish, Tamil etc. etc.) 

“The boys are going to the town”. 

The Wikipedia “formula” is indeed highly problematic in so far as it assumes that derivation and inflection are effected solely by suffixation, which is manifestly not true in many languages. For example, in Arabic yatakātabūna “they write to each other” the root is k-t-b, the first /ta/ is a derivational morpheme, the prefixed /ya/ and the suffixed /ūna/ are inflectional elements. So what comes before what? 

Literally: “he goes (3rd singular masc.) the boys to the town”. 

In Latin, and similarly in other languages, the apposite is in the same case as its antecedent, for example "Ego, Claudius" (I, Claudius, both nominative), "Me, Claudium, vidit" (he saw me, Claudius, both accusative.) 

In classical Arabic in a verbal sentence (a sentence beginning with a verb) with implicit agent the verb will agree with this implicit agent in person, number and gender. For example: 

Cuzzolin and Lehmann 2004 argue that traditionally three degrees of comparison are recognized: 

trup 'a dead body' [inanimate] 

Phonetically different bases (historically these forms belonged to different lexemes) 

non-human animates: some birds, moon, storms, rainbow, boomerangs, some spears, etc. 

It is based on an assumption that a language as a whole has a unique character (Croft 2003, p. 46), also see part 13.1 "Morphological typology" in Laurie Bauer's 2003 textbook. 

Gender assignment in given names is usually lexical, i.e. the Russian boy's name Petja is M and not F - although nouns ending in -a are usually F in IE languages - precisely because that particular name is given to boys, and not girls. 

And the original stem is usually more frequently used than the transposed one: 

Thus, comparison as a grammatical category includes "semantic" comparison (relative) and gradation (absolute). 

I'm afraid I don't quite understand what you mean by "a given name of feminine grammatical gender used as a masculine given name." 

In the German it is true that by some oversight of the inventor of the language, a Woman is a female; but a Wife (Weib) is not -- which is unfortunate. A Wife, here, has no sex; she is neuter; so, according to the grammar, a fish is he, his scales are she, but a fishwife is neither. To describe a wife as sexless may be called under-description; that is bad enough, but over-description is surely worse." 

Animacy is more like a continuum, meaning that it doesn't behave like a dichotomy (animate or inanimate) but rather "a more or less continuous category ranging from most animate to least animate" (Croft 2003: 130), cf. Dixon's animacy hierarchy, human < animate < inanimate. This is semantic animacy or what Croft calls "animacy proper." Obviously, it is language-specific. For example, trees are inanimate in Slavic languages whereas they are animate in Algonquian languages (Plungian 2011: 142, n.47). 

For inanimate nouns, gender assignment is based on their morphosyntactic properties, e.g. all nouns taking a particular set of endings belong to gender X. That is why the first declension in Latin includes feminine (mostly) and masculine nouns, both common and proper (for a list of some masculine nouns belonging to the first declension see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_masculine_Latin_nouns_of_the_1st_declension). 

Although comparison usually occurs on adjectives and adverbs, it can occur on other parts of speech, too: 

It recognizes one typological parameter, the morphological structure of words. 

pokojnik or mertvets 'a dead person' [animate] (from Plungian)