I'm assuming that the article you referred to is the first hit on Google under "Corbyn" and "run on the pound": Jeremy Corbyn: It's right to plan for run on pound 

Distance from Israel to Pakistan 3,292 km = 2,046 miles. That well exceeds the range of previous generation Jericho II IRBM which was under 1500km - which isn't enough to reach Pakistan (3292 km), or even most parts of Iran (1789 km). 

So, even if you can blame Trump for that event on the general principle of "The Buck Stops Here", you can't possibly ask "why does Trump do it" as it was done in contradiction of Trump (or likely irrespective of him). 

I won't quote the entire thing (too long, and much of it relevant) but just the intro: 

Specific to UKIP quip, on the question of Brexit, David Cameron - leader of Conservative party - was firmly on the "REMAIN" side. So were most other Conservative leaders, e.g. his cabinet. 

Following an election, it is conventional for the government to hold a Parliamentary vote on its legislative programme soon afterwards. The programme is known as the Queen's Speech. The vote is considered a vote of confidence; so if the government loses, it cannot continue in office. It will be expected to either allow another party to form a government, or call fresh elections. 

Default to soft Brexit No final decision has been made. But the Stage 1 Agreement in effect specifies soft Brexit as a default. From the official text: 

The matter was resolved by persuading a Progressive Conservative member in a safe seat to resign, allowing Getty to run in the resulting by-election and win a place in the provincial assembly. 

If the results are less clear, the incumbent may remain in office for some time. The election on 6 May 2010 resulted in a hung Parliament, in which no one party had a majority. The Labour party, led by Gordon Brown, had previously formed a majority government; but after the election, it had fewer seats than the Conservatives. Nevertheless, Brown did not resign as Prime Minister until 11 May, when it became clear that the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats would be able to form a governing coalition. 

The article says that he wants to prepare how to respond in the eventuality that a run on the pound happens (intentionally or not) as a result of Labour party forming the government. 

Obviously, "ordinary people" is campaign rhethoric with no formal definition, but a rational approximation shows that what could be considered "ordinary" non-elite people did back UKIP's main point, exiting EU. 

First of all, the theoretical need: France during cold war faced a threat from Russia. That's 2-6 thousand miles. That's lower than IRBM's range, and requires an ICBM. 

Specific to UKIP quip, on the question of Brexit, David Cameron - leader of Conservative party - was firmly on the "REMAIN" side. So were most other Conservative leaders, e.g. his cabinet. 

If you're genuinely interested (as opposed to just looking for an excuse to insult someone you disagree with politically), this article in RealClearPolitics explores the general idea, although on US side. 

If so, who would get the majority? L+X or C+X? 

Here's one expert opinion from "The Daily Signal": 

Your party will of course need to comply with relevant laws on political parties and election funding, but the bank is unlikely to have any responsibility for this. (As an analogy: If you were running a charity, it wouldn't really be the bank's job to check if you were handling money in accordance with the legal requirements for charitable status.) 

Return to the House of Commons via a by-election, as in the Alberta case. 

In 2013, the law was changed so that the oldest child of the previous monarch will inherit the throne, regardless of sex. This change affects the UK as well as Canada, Australia and other countries with the Queen as head of state. It had no effect on the current line of succession, which is entirely male: Prince Charles (oldest child of Elizabeth), Prince William (oldest child of Charles), and Prince George (oldest child of William). 

In theory: Yes. Brexit requires legislation, which the Queen can veto; and the Queen also has prerogative over international treaties.