I think it defeats the purpose, however, if you try to make it too realistic. Then that's just deception. You'll also want your "trimmings" to be considerably more entertaining and engaging than the real versions typically are, otherwise you'll just lose your readers. You'll want to spend some time thinking about the goal and purpose of having those things in there. They'll really need to have some crucial info hidden in them to make it worth anyone's time. Some people do very well as writers, but it definitely is not a career for people who want to sit back and watch the money roll in (if you discover that career, do let the rest of us know!). Some successful writers are insanely prolific, like Stephen King. Others, like Richard Florida, use their books as platforms for speaking engagements and consulting work. Others, like Richard Paul Evans, are relentlessly self promoting. And those whose work succeeds on its own sheer merits are generally those who have put their entire lives into their work, and have years of struggle and rejected manuscripts to show for it. Comps (comparison books): What similar books are currently doing well in sales? So it seems to me that the primary consideration should be: "Is pirating going to cost me so much, that I'm better off risking limiting and annoying users?". Before you start querying, you must, must, must familiarize yourself with submission guidelines - for the field in general, and for the specific agents and publishers you find are appropriate for you to query. You want to give the publisher enough information about you and your writing that he has something to work with. That's your synopses and sample pages, and it's also how you introduce yourself: "Hi, I'm ((name)), I mostly work in ((genre A)) and ((genre B)), I've written ((number of short stories, novels, and WIPs)), and the goal I'm working towards now is ((to get a big-publishing contract/to get a small-press contract/to self-publish/to find an agent/to make my English teacher proud/OTHER))." Explain exactly what you'd like to get out of the session. "I don't have a list of questions; I mostly want feedback on my pages, feedback on how effective my summary and my synopsis are, and maybe if you have some more general career advice or details about publishing you think it'd be good for me to know, that would be terrific too." Let the pro give you feedback. Listen well; don't argue with anything; take notes. (Don't argue -- not because the particular pro is necessarily right about everything; just because you're here to hear his reaction, not to start arguing.) If after a few minutes you feel like you're not getting much from the pro, take a moment to consider why that is, and then raise the point politely, and ask to switch focus to some other helpful thing. That's it! All you want to do is let the pro guide the conversation, and let him know that that's what you want. With any luck, everything should be smooth from there on. This technique is called meta-fiction and there are those, including myself, who really enjoy it when done well. Generally, your proposal should be a double-spaced, unremarkable 12pt serif font like Times or Times New Roman. I typically include a page header with my last name, the book title and the page number. There are a number of good online and print resources with more detailed instructions, I would highly recommend finding and following one --Writers' Market generally includes one in each edition, for example. Also be aware that many publishers/agents prefer to receive a query letter first, and a full proposal only on request. (The query letter usually contains only the hook, platform and comps. It's a good idea to include some indication that you've specifically targeted the recipient, not just sent out a generic e-blast.) In some ways you're in luck if you want to write fan fiction in the Star Wars or Star Trek universes --because the copyright holders actually solicit authors to write in those universes. Some well-known authors have made good livings writing officially licensed books in those universes. Of course, the bar is probably pretty high to actually write a licensed book, but that's true for any publishing. (As Jason Baker pointed out, you need to have already built your reputation as an author before being invited to write a licensed Star Wars book.)