That is my (opinion-laden) answer to the first question. Without descending into a rant, why the opinion-based questions and answers are frowned upon on this site, I will still try to answer (or expose everyone willing to suffer to my opinion on the matter, while upvoting the question, because I believe that it is relevant to many people and the answers to it, however opinionated they might appear, should shed some light on the subject and be actually of use to more than one person). 

(everything below refers to the deleted parts of the initial post) 

The actions of other people are based on logical choice more often than on pure feelings and unhinged emotions. Most people I know would back away from the edge of the rooftop, altruists and sociopaths alike. No one wants to be cold, hungry, and sick, and most of us want to get published and be held in highest regard for our efforts. 

The saddest part is that those people believe that to be the only way to a creative (and, sigh, commercial) success. 

Because of the use of an exclamation mark normally being magnification of feelings or emotions, I think that it would be best to not use one in your example. Instead, you could try saying something like this: 

Exclamation points should be used to create emphasis. 

If I were you, I would save exclamation marks for situations of extreme importance or magnification, requiring extra emotional power: 

Normally, if you are writing about two characters calling to each other from a distance, you would not use an exclamation mark. Instead, I used the adverb vehemently to intensify the fact that they are far away, and Alice is most likely frustrated that she can't be heard. 

Remember, this is only my advice on how to achieve these effects. There are no other answers on this post, so use what you want. 

I'm scared that because I have so many women who go around cutting open arrows, assassinating kings, and not playing the stereotypical role of a woman in those times my book will appear like it's written by someone negligent. 

Think of the reveal of a certain bit of information as you think of any other event in your story (because it is, just as well as someone getting ill, leaving the town, or getting married), and plot accordingly, that is all there is to it. 

Chapter names do not have to be descriptive to the point of spoiling the mystery element of your story, if it has one, and they can be even deceptive to a certain degree, but only if you can imbue them with a subtle double-meaning, making sure that your reader says 'ahh... that's what happened? nice...' (top of the head oversimplified example: your hero is captured, imprisoned and sentenced to death; next chapter is named Execution, where he miraculously escapes, sneaks up on the villain who is getting ready to enjoy the spectacle, accuses him of being criminally bad guy and executes him instead). 

The saddest part is that those people believe that to be the only way to a creative (and, sigh, commercial) success.