Let assume some "technical" facts regarding Gödel's Incompleteness Theorems : But note that also in this case it is not true that, for a formula A whatever, A is a tautology or ¬A is. Side comment : the proof is intuitionistically valid. We can read it as : if we assume the Law of Excluded Middle, then the conclusion follows. But not all valid formulae of predicate logic are "substitution instances" of tautology; the formula ∀x(x=x) is valid but we can get it by uniform substitution only from the propositional logic formula P, that is not a tautology. Unfortunately, the semantics leaves the most interesting — and difficult — philosophical questions largely unanswered [emphasis added]. Assuming that the system F is sound with respect to truth in the structure of the natural numbers (called N), we have that : We cannot derive a contradiction from P ↔ Q and P → ¬Q, because the the two formuale are simultaneously satisfiable. In other words, either the mind actually has a non-algorithmic and not fully “mechanizable” nature, or else there exist absolutely undecidable mathematical problems. But [Gödel's Theorems] don’t allow us to go further and conclude that the true disjunct is the first one. According to Gödel, then, what follows from [them], and especially from [the Second one], is that if our mind is a computing machine, it is one such that it “is unable to understand completely its own functioning.” See Doxastic or Epistemic Logic : Your fallacy regards the "basic property" of validity : Logical pragmatics, tacit and context dependent aspects of arguments, is a big part of modern argumentation theory. The language of "inside and outside the argument" was used on the Less Wrong blog recently. The more traditional term is "begging the question against the opponent", a move where one of the parties argues from, or presupposes, a premise she knows (or should know) the opponent would reject (or rejects a premise he accepts). In your example Bob begs the question against Jim, he is "outside" the argument. Frege is the founder of a program called logicism that aimed to reduce all of mathematics to logic. In order to reduce mathematics to logic Frege had to expand what is meant by logic. Before him Locke, Kant and others understood by logic only Aristotle's syllogistic, which is a manipulation of simple implications (syllogisms). Frege's Logic went much further, and encompassed all of arithmetic in particular, if not all of set theory. But derivable from logic alone is what all three meant by "analytic". Under logicism all of mathematics would be analytic, including much of what Kant called "synthetic a priori" (but not the parts related to geometry and physics). So both Locke and Frege were right, they just meant different things by "analytic".