Before I begin I'd like to restate from the other answer that the phrase "Great Tribulation" is not used in Mormon terminology/teachings and LDS teachings most closely align with post-tribulationist. That is Mormon's believe in a chronology that is along the lines of tribulation, second coming, Millenium, and then the last judgement. I will not go into great detail as most of this is covered in LDS manuals and covers several chapters, feel free to look at the referenced manuals if you want more detail. 

God created the earth through Jesus Christ. The LDS believe God and Jesus to be separate beings. So Genesis 1:1 is correct in that God did create the earth, and Abraham 4:1 is also correct because Jesus Christ created the earth under God's direction, so it can be said that God or the Gods created the earth. 

Similar beliefs for the most part. Jehovah Witnesses belief and LDS belief. 

The LDS's third creation account in Moses 2:1 answers this question: 

First, it's important to understand what an angel is. In Doctrine and Covenants 129:1-3 it says: 

1 Benson, Ezra Taft. A Witness and a Warning. 

Before going on, note Article of Faith 8 (doesn't necessarily apply to this verse just keep in mind when getting a Mormon's interpretation of a Bible verse): 

4 https://www.lds.org/manual/gospel-principles/chapter-46-the-final-judgment?lang=eng 

(Stephen E. Robinson, “Warring against the Saints of God,” Ensign, Jan. 1988, 38–39).2 

The 'fulness of the gospel' is defined in Mormon Doctrine (not an official LDS source) as: 

Both spirits and resurrected beings are considered angels. 

Yes the LDS believe it is a pure restoration of first century Christian liturgy and beliefs. 

5 https://rsc.byu.edu/archived/selected-articles/god-s-love-mankind 

On marrying, James E Talmage sums up the answer by saying: 

See the articles Scripture Translation into the Language of the Heart or Every Man in His Own Language for further details on the translation process. 

For the most part, Jehovah Witnesses believe similarly.2 and 8 

More articles on this topic (it's a quite broad subject, any one topic touches upon other unique Mormon beliefs and it would be a very long answer if I tried to answer all of them here) 

So here are some important points on the Lord's statement: 

2 https://www.lds.org/manual/gospel-principles/chapter-44-the-second-coming-of-jesus-christ?lang=eng 

So in Matthew Jesus is showing that he understands 'the LORD' refers to Heavenly Father and 'my Lord' refers to the Son of God and Messiah. 3 

To be clear the wrong actions these angels performed (before they were angels, when they were men) were various sins, but it does not necessarily say what sins except that they were disobedient (1st passage), they sinned(2nd passage), and it mentions fornication and going after strange flesh (3rd passage). 

The 'Eight Witnesses' were Christian Whitmer, Jacob Whitmer, Peter Whitmer, Jr., John Whitmer, Hiram Page, Joseph Smith Sr., Hyrum Smith and Samuel H. Smith, all members of the Whitmer or Smith families. Their testimonies may have been coloured by family loyalty. This fact alone does not disqualify them as reliable witnesses, but it does raise questions about their reliability, especially as no independent witness claimed to have seen the gold plates. If so, further doubt attaches to the testimonies of Christian Whitmer, Jacob Whitmer, Peter Whitmer, Jr., John Whitmer and Hiram Page because the testimony of David Whitmer seems unreliable, as explained above. 

The dream of which we read in 1 Nephi 8 is somewhat reminiscent of the Tree of Knowledge story in Genesis 3, except that instead of a snake, there is a man in a white robe, and no harm comes to those who eat the fruit. The parallels seem close enough to suggest a literary dependency. 

If you are interested in looking at the first translation of the German Book of Mormon (1852), which is in the public domain, you can find scans at Archive.org and on Google Books (links below). Good luck parsing the old German Fraktur! 

In order to understand the current position of the Community of Christ on the Book of Mormon, it's important to look at the role The Book of Mormon holds in the shared history of the Community of Christ and the LDS Church. 

Local leaders are able to decide which anthems or patriotic songs are appropriate for Church meetings where they live. 

It becomes clear that the Community of Christ no longer defends the Book of Mormon as a necessary keystone of their religion, especially in contrast to the position of the LDS Church which shares its roots (see, for example, this recent affirmation by a current LDS apostle). 

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints teaches that our bodies are temples where the Holy Ghost can dwell (1 Corinthians 6:19–20) and that they were given to us as a gift from God, therefore we are expected to take care of them.