Should we move the crib into "A"'s room now (before we move), simultaneously with the move, or some months after the move? 1) Software recommendations generally aren't in the scope of this site but it fits into this topic: There's a useful iPhone app called "IncarcerApp" that will disable the home button so that the user remains in the chosen program. My toddler is sometimes allowed to use a painting app, locked down using IncarcerApp, and only under supervision. You don't even have to try and your son will still figure out on his own when you're speaking Indonesian and when it's English. This is why I suggest that you just speak your own language, because you will likely be his only source of learning that. He will be hearing English all around him, and he'll hear his parents interact with others in English. We want to put the new crib into "A"'s room although it will become a little cramped and won't leave much space for playing on the floor. We are also going to move from an apartment into a house, but the move will be after "B" outgrows his current (small) crib. We want the boys to share a bedroom in the house, too. That leaves another room as their shared playroom where they can be loud (that makes their bedroom a quiet room). I'm guessing the OP has already found his road to success, but reading can be intimate and fun and gives us all an opportunity to talk about things or lessons we want to share. My husband reads to me everyday. We have a book club for two. It is a very loving and enjoyable hour. I hope that if you and your wife are ready and truly want children that you will go ahead. However you have to be prepared to parent which is another full-time career and one that should have priority over any other one. In a perfect world, you'll have perfect children. I am not trying to be a naysayer, but if you would be unhappy giving up your usual freetime activities, parenting may not be for you. It could be years until you and your wife have the freedom to go out to a late party or concert. Parents should not ever be so inebriated or stoned that they pass out, for example. I think your child is ready for as many choices as you can manage. This/that plate. Milk/juice/water. Red shirt/blue shirt. Paint or crayons? Jumping or dancing. 1) Software recommendations generally aren't in the scope of this site but it fits into this topic: There's a useful iPhone app called "IncarcerApp" that will disable the home button so that the user remains in the chosen program. My toddler is sometimes allowed to use a painting app, locked down using IncarcerApp, and only under supervision. The move will have essentially zero social impact (neighborhood, playground, friends, kindergarten, etc.) because the house will be within walking distance of the old apartment but any move is a big change and "A" has a significant aversion to change. Every toddler benefits from solid routines and structure – "A" very much so but not quite to an autistic degree. Still, change is difficult, and he is not old enough that we can rationally discuss options and opinions with him. References: This language researcher provides evidence that watching video has limited learning effect and that effective learning requires live humans (as opposed to audio or video recordings): video presentation, article.