I also do not understand why in 2, these glasses is expressed as a Plural (in Number) Noun Phrase. According to Kant, (each person's) experience necessitates, and so is tinted by, the mind that metaphorised as the rose-tinted spectacles. So should not each person should be tinted by only ONE pair of rose-tinted sunglasses, and not the Plural Number as 2 implies? 

Source: p 216, Philosophy: The Classics (4 ed, 2014) by Nigel Warburton PhD in Philosophy (Cambridge) Source: Prof Michael Sandel, Justice: ..., Episode 06: "MIND YOUR MOTIVE" Then Prof Sandel responds to Judith, as follows: 

[Wikipedia :] The Greek word νοούμενoν nooúmenon, plural νοούμενα nooúmena, is the neuter middle-passive present participle of νοεῖν noeîn "to think, to mean", which in turn originates from the word νοῦς noûs, an Attic contracted form of νόος nóos "perception, understanding, mind".[3][4] 

What does the allegory of various shades of pink mean? A novice, I do not feel prepared yet to, but shall in future, read Kant; please tell me if Kant's originals answer my question. Source: p 255, Think: A Compelling Introduction to Philosophy (1 ed, 1999) by Simon Blackburn 

Suppose everybody were to treat them in a way that is consistent with respect for their dignity. Does this mean that we must see checkout clerks ONLY for any purpose, BESIDES paying for food? For example, we should see them to discuss philosophy? But then no food would ever be bought and these clerks would lose their jobs. If I'm going to see a checkout clerk to pay for my food, then I MUST be using the clerk for the sake of advancing our projects and purposes and interests, which we all do [to buy food]? 

Why is c) not also an answer? The following quote appears to justify c): 

[2.] Kant sees that when it comes to space and time, size, shape, and the objective order, to have a concept is not to have a mental picture. It is to have an organizing principle or rule; a way of handling the flux of data. Having the same organizing principles or rules could give us the same understanding of the world in spite of differences of subjective experience. How are the following pairs not already interconnected? I do not understand Kant's distinctions between:   1. 'perceptions' vs 'temporal and spatial order'; 2. 'mental picture' vs 'organizing principle or rule'. 

[2.] Analytic a posteriori claims are claims that are tautologically true, but can only be understood through empiricism. Walter Block has an excellent example of such a truth. First, a student named Judith says: 

Source: p 137, Philosophy: A Complete Introduction (2012) by Prof. Sharon Kaye MA PhD (in Philosophy, U. Toronto)