I'm not sure how practical this is for building a structure only once since template drawing tables require you to place blocks - it might be faster to build it yourself in some cases. You can also extend your tunnel similar to extending a path in the air: break part of the wall and sneak out to extend the floor, then extend the sides, ceiling, etc: 

And here is the final product! (With a little extension): 

The only way to get another sapling is to destroy your second tree. There is a very high chance that your second tree will drop another sapling, and if it doesn't you will be stuck and lose anyways so it's better to find out sooner than later. Just be sure you make a dirt platform surrounding the tree to catch any items that drop as you destroy it - at least two blocks extending out each side from the tree's leaves. Losing one sapling could end up being gg. Basically, swim to the bottom of the sea floor and stack up a dirt pillar until it reaches the height of the base of your tunnel. These are the only extra blocks you will have to replace the water source blocks with later. This way you can expand off of your dirt pillar (like building in the air): 

Are there any arrangements of water around wood that can prevent it from catching fire? I'm mostly interested in structures with these three cross-sections: 

A tree with all leaves cut off cannot regrow its leaves. In fact any leaves that are removed will not be regrown. Also bonemeal will only work on saplings, not on wood nor logs. Then fill in the blueprints of your tunnel with dirt: To explain this a little better, here is an example structure I will build underwater: 

Builders consume materials you put in them and create buildings based on a template or a blueprint you give to it. Templates only preserve block position in structures, so the builder will use any available materials to build your structure from a template. Blueprints preserve blocks position and material (although orientation might be messed up), so it's important you provide the builder with the right materials when building your structure from a blueprint. If a block was supposed to be air, simply remove the dirt. If it is supposed to be something else, break the dirt then quickly replace it. There's a 1 second period where water will not flow in, and you have surrounding blocks to place new ones off of: A good technique is to fill out your blueprints with dirt underwater. A lot of techniques used to build in air apply here as well. The advantage is that you won't have to replace water source blocks that get destroyed when using sand like some other techniques do; only place dirt blocks where there are blocks in the final structure. It takes some getting used to the water pushing you around but you won't need to go up for air because you already have a tunnel you can retreat back into. I've never had to go up for air more than once using this technique. Be sure to seal off extensions with dirt: