The frame to use with him - verbatum at first so he starts hearing it as a pattern is: "I understand that you want (said thing), what I want (know you need) is (thing he needs), I'd like to try (a workable solution that also aknowledgges what he wants." Start out offering up a solution that you are happy with and aknowledges his wishes too. 

In viewing a question about nose-picking, I was considering other habits and how the solutions applied to those habits. What does one do if the habit is hair chewing? Lip chewing? Nail biting? . . . Are there any universal remedies? 

Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is considered to have an interest level for most kids around fourth grade and up through middle school (about 9years old to 13 or 14). The RL is 6 and the Lexile is 880 (in fact a couple of the books share this number, 880). Deathly Hallows tops the Lexile score for this series at 980 and an RL of 7.4. 

A real-world example of this might be: "I know you are in the middle of a game right now, but dinner is ready for us to eat. How about I give you two minutes to get to a good stopping place in your game and then we'll eat? I can do that." You've let him know you've heard his wishes. You've stated yours. You've offered up something that shows you are giving a little if he gives a little (do not do this in response to tantrums though - at first, you'll need to do it pre-tantrum so it requires a little prophesy on your part). 

My daughter is feeling horrible. 

I have a child that has no problem with figuring out math facts for addition and subtraction up to and below 100, but she finds the process somewhat boring. I was hoping for suggestions from some better math experts than I, about fun ways to practice facts for quicker operations and memorization of key facts like doubles. 

Tae Kwon Do is already paid for in full for the entire next two years. She is in the "Black Belt Club which means she has set a goal to attain Black Belt status within the next two years and can start doing weapons classes which she is really excited about. Giving up TKD at this point is simply not a realistic option. The swimming is important to me so that she can safely swim and float if ever in a situation around water where these skills are needed (I grew up on an island and my parents still live there so we are on boats and around the water a lot). The Tennis is important time with Daddy. 

She is an excellent reader, (A few months ago, she was tested again and has a 12th grade vocabulary, 8th grade comprehension, and spells like the second grade kid she is). So, choosing literature for her school lessons is a challenge because she isn't emotionally ready for most of the stuff written at a level that would challenge her.