Given that science has taken away mythology, and yet doesn't provide the answers and roles that mythology did, modern society is left with a psychological void, easily filled with various forms of religious or political extremism. And it isn't possible to return to the earlier mythologies, since they have lost their epistemic value, and there are so many that are in conflict with each other. 

I'm not asking about simple attempts at generating ethics from neuroscience, or repackaging modern cosmology as a story we can tell our children. 

Saul Kripke, David Chalmers, Thomas Nagel are all modern philosophers who argue for this fundamental difference. Frank Jackson was for while did as well, with his famous "Mary the color blind scientist example", but has since changed his mind. 

For example, here are search results on the Harvard Divinity Schools web site: 

Paul Churchland goes further and claims that mental states don't exist at all. Everything in the world is physical, and the only reason we need mental descriptions is because our science is not advanced enough to describe our brain adequately, in the same way that ancient people used magic and powerful gods to describe physical and astronomical phenomena that now we can explain using purely physical facts. 

If the probability for a reward is in fact zero, it does matter if you sacrifice all the life you have for a non-existing reward. 

It's logically fine if someone believes all the assumptions and then says that it is a good idea to believe. But this person believes in the first place, they do not believe because of the assumptions, they are just happy with their belief because of what they believe. 

Summary: The wager assumes that there is a positive probability for God rewarding a particular behaviour with eternal bliss and a zero probability for God punishing this very behaviour with denial of eternal bliss. There is no reason for this assumption. 

Even if everything works fine, you would have to be able to believe or disbelieve just because you want to. (Like, say, an atheist who reads a study that believers have a better healing chance for a particular cancer and decides to become a believer as a therapy.) 

1d. God bases his decision on whether they follow religious law (again, the wager does not work if God does not like people following religious law) 

1c. God bases his decision on whether they believe in him (if this is not the case, the wager does not work, because believing in God or believing in God because of the wager might cause infinite torture) 

For example, here are search results on the Harvard Divinity Schools web site: 

In the "Culture Industry: Enlightenment as Mass Deception", Adorno and Horkheimer state that: 

One thing that seems to be missing from the discourse, or at least the discourse of the Taylor Swifts and Metallica's of the world, is that the royalties model of compensation for musicians is the exception not the norm. The idea of musicians getting filthy rich off of royalties from record sales will likely go down in history as an odd fluke of the 2nd half of the 20th century more, not a paradigm shift in the way musicians should be compensated. 

Even in big time Pop music, a lot of the music is written by professional song writers, who then receive a one time payment for handing over the intellectual property rights to the recording artists and/or the record company. And classical composers who were commissioned to write a symphony or an opera received one time payments for those as well. 

It just came to me that all of the contemporary sources on philosophy of mind that I have been reading (Dennett, Nagel, Churchland, Chalmers, Searle, Hofstadter, Jackson) are all writing in English, and write mostly in the Analytic style. 

Several authors have mentioned that mythology play a central role in human societies, satisfying various social and psychological needs and giving meaning and a spiritual dimension to people's lives. (See for example Karen Armstrong, Joseph Campbell). 

The key point for your question is that the distinctions between mind and matter apply to any kind of matter (fermions, bosons, quarks, waves, particles, force vectors,...). So mind substance can't be just another family of matter, it has to be something altogether different. 

1e. God is the Christian God and you have to believe in exactly the right doctrinal points and those are the points that Pascal was raised with (again, the wager does not work if God does not like people to follow a particular religious law) 

Summary: The wager assumes that there is a positive probability for God rewarding a particular behaviour with eternal bliss and a zero probability for God punishing this very behaviour with denial of eternal bliss. There is no reason for this assumption. 

It is not true that you have nothing to lose if there is no afterlife and you have spent all your life following the instruction of the religion even though you would have preferred to do something else. 

1b. God decides whether they are tortured eternally or happy eternally (one of them is enough to profit infinitely, though) 

He also assumed that he can rationally decide to believe. 

Even if everything works fine, you would have to be able to believe or disbelieve just because you want to. (Like, say, an atheist who reads a study that believers have a better healing chance for a particular cancer and decides to become a believer as a therapy.) 

If the probability for a reward is in fact zero, it does matter if you sacrifice all the life you have for a non-existing reward. 

1a. humans are immortal (as a necessary condition for 1b) 

1c. God bases his decision on whether they believe in him (if this is not the case, the wager does not work, because believing in God or believing in God because of the wager might cause infinite torture)