In principle, Kant's usage can perhaps be subsumed under JTB, but it seems equally consistent with "knowledge first", where it is an irreducible notion taken for granted. While JTB may sit well with his pure a priori knowledge, his empirical knowledge might better fit into modern pragmatic theories. This pragmatism and sharp separation between knowledge and belief ("I had to limit knowledge to make room for faith") make me skeptical that Kant is operating under JTB. Weyl, with his strong Kantian leanings, also explicitly contrasts knowledge and belief. Plato is mentioned in the Introduction only to be mocked:"Plato, abandoning the world of sense because of the narrow limits it sets to the understanding, venture upon the wings of ideas beyond it, into the void space of pure intellect. He did not reflect that he made no real progress by all his efforts; for he met with no resistance which might serve him for a support...". I am not surprised at the confusion because the theorem in question is neither simple nor entirely logical. It is Tarski's undefinability of truth theorem, which says roughly that one can not define a faithful "truth predicate", which unerringly detects when a sentence is true. More precisely, there is no formula T() in the first order arithmetic such that T(A̅) is true if and only if A is true. Grim's "knowledge of an omniscient being" predicate ∇ is essentially Tarski's truth predicate. P.S. To the charge that his "esse est percipi" ontology flew in the face of common sense Berkeley replied that it changed nothing common sense had to say in practice, nor did it change the practice itself. Here is from the Third Dialogue between Hylas and Philonous: Undefinability of truth is not simple because it is equivalent to Gödel's incompleteness theorem, and while both can be explained to a pedestrian, their actual meanings, not to mention proofs, are quite subtle and technical. It is not quite logical, because both the statement and the proof require the use of some arithmetical concepts and methods, admittedly basic ones, but beyond what is understood by logic traditionally (they would fall under Frege's Logic). Further analysis of Descartes's fallacy reveals other problems. "Through introspection, or our experience of consciousness, we have no way of moving to conclude the existence of any third-personal fact, to conceive of which would require something above and beyond just the purely subjective contents of the mind". In other words, even if we could somehow infer ego from cogito it does not make it a "something" that can be spoken of in the third person, i.e. anything objective that can be known, let alone known a priori. The identification of "I" with an object in the world is certainly a posteriori and empirical. So the thinking, which is occuring, might not be producing any knowing. This is paradoxical, but there is no crime in it against logic. First, let me make some general remarks not limited to Michel Foucault specifically. There is a balancing act in philosophy. On the one hand, it is not mathematics or hard science with clear standards of evidence and methodology, and there is vast ambiguity in most philosophically non-trivial notions and issues. To a lesser extent than poets, but philosophers are generally granted "poetic license". It covers high tolerance for the "sampling bias", to guess at patterns that are currently beyond reliable detection, speculation beyond what evidence might conceivably support, and subjectivity of approach. Philosophy could not play its well-known historical role as an incubator of sciences and generator of scientific hypotheses without such frivolities, and that is just one of its many roles. One person's bias is another person's interpretation. Just think about ancient atomists who certainly had to interpret and speculate a lot to motivate their theories, which nonetheless proved to be fruitful later. The weakest link is the "additivity of cause" premise. It is true of Newtonian forces, but that part is empirical, and not in an intuitive way, unlike geometry. Quen_tin points out that two narrowly separated bodies falling differently than two touching ones leads to a counterintuitive discontinuity. That is true, but "touching" is not the same as "strapped together". The strapping introduces rigidity that turns two bodies into a single item, it is not a priori clear that the cause should move this item just as it would two bodies that are only touching. Aristotle would probably reject this premise, especially since to him falling is a "natural" motion rather than "forced". So his theory is not exactly self-contradictory or counterintuitive, but Galileo's argument is still valid under broader assumptions than just Newtonian physics. In other words, Wittgenstein rejects the formalism/implementation distinction (which implicitly appeals to language transcendent platonist entities "expressed" in different implementations), and points out that "conversion" creates a new formalism. Since in the case of computers one of them is "perspicuous" and the other not we have a qualitative difference between the two, not merely a pragmatic one. Of course, he would not object to the shift of accepting new proofs ("philosophy leaves everything as it is"), but rather to the philosophical self-deception that the leap taken here is nothing but a cosmetic makeover.