It is in the light of Jesus’ Divine Nature that we can interpret the following passage from the Letter to the Hebrews: This idea, however, was expressed earlier by the Fathers of the Church. For example, St. Augustine affirms it in his De Trinitate, V, 2: To expand a little of DJClayworth’s answer, it is worth going into exactly what “spirit” means and how it applies to the Triune God. (Again, this is not a weakness on God’s part: rather, He is so powerful that He does not need to change His interior state, as we would.) In the New Testament, of course, it is well known that Jesus calls God his Father and instructs us to do the same. (See, above all, the Lord’s Prayer, Matthew 6:9-13 and Luke 11:2-4; also John 20:17.) God’s Will is identical to His Nature In God, there is no distinction whatsoever between His Nature and what (for us) would be faculties or active powers, such as the intellect and the will. Hence, God, by nature, is perfectly identical to His Will. Probably the clearest statement of this principal can be found in St. Thomas Aquinas’ Summa theologiae. In Catholic thought, “predestination” is precisely the ordering by God of His creatures to Himself (i.e. His desire that we be saved).*** St. Paul affirms that being predestined also entails being called (ἐκάλεσεν), which is precisely what it means to be a member of the Church (ἐκκλησία, which even comes from the same root as “to call” in Greek). The short answer to the O.P.’s question that their will proceeds from the Divine Nature. There is only one Divine Will, and each Person wills with the very same Will. The LORD has sworn and will not change his mind, “You are a priest forever after the order of Melchizedek” (Ps. 110:4). All of the Persons are “spirit” Since each of the Persons is identical to the Divine Essence (i.e., is fully and completely God), it follows that each of them has all of the attributes proper to God, which includes being “spirit”—that is, being non-corporeal. Hence not only the Holy Spirit, but all of the Persons are pure spirit. However, when Jesus revealed God as Father, he did so in a way that signifies the very essence of God (namely, the Father as eternally begetting the Son, and God as the creator of all things). “Father,” therefore, is appropriate as a name for God, especially since man knows about the Fatherhood of God only by analogy with human fatherhood. This distinction explains why Jesus commanded us to call God “Father,” as I mentioned above, but not “mother”. This must not be understood in any way as a denigration of human motherhood: rather, human fatherhood and motherhood, from our point of view, signify different aspects of our understanding of God. In short, Father, Son, and Holy Spirit lack absolutely nothing with respect to the Nature and to one another, and hence they differ only in how they relate to one another. As Aquinas puts it: If we then consider 1 Timothy 2:4, we see that God desires that all men be saved: The New Testament, which has the advantage of the definitive Revelation by Jesus Christ, is even more clear on this matter: Moreover, the Church recognizes a certain unity with those non-baptized persons who nevertheless believe in God (especially the Jewish People, as well as Muslims), and even with members of other religious who nevertheless seek the truth. (See Catechism of the Catholic Church [CCC], Nos. 839-845.) All of these passage (of which this is only a sample) are, of course, in tension with numerous passages that speak of God as if He possessed human emotions: anger, grief, compassion, joy, or passages in which He seems to change His mind. (I took these passages from http://www.gotquestions.org/does-God-have-emotions.html.) Argument that God is unchanging If the reader would like a fuller treatment of this topic, he should read the Summa theolgiae, I, qq. 2, 3, and 9, which is where these arguments are drawn from. St. Thomas Aquinas’ treatise is not, of course, a document of the Magisterium, but it does represent sound philosophical speculation intended to be fully in line with what the Church teaches about God. The use of the term “Father,” therefore, is not to be viewed as a concession to the patriarchal culture of the time, but as revealing the very nature of God. Hence, each of the Persons are fully and completely God. None of them is a “part” of God, but each of them is (if we can say this) “all” of God. In technical terms, there is no real distinction between God’s substance (also called essence or nature) and each of the Persons. The Father is God, completely and entirely; the Son is God, completely and entirely; and the Spirit is God, completely and entirely. There is nothing, however, that can bring God into being, because He exists before all things: not only “in time” (actually, God is completely outside of time), but in the sense that He must maintain all of His creatures in existence, lest they cease to exist entirely. (See I, q. 104, a. 1.) When the Israelites came into contact with Greek culture, the term pneuma began to take on a more technical, philosophical meaning; namely, that which is beyond the purely material world and does not depend on matter for its existence. Regarding the Holy Trinity The Church teaches that God is utterly one and simple (S.Th. Ia., q. 3, a. 7; also the Nicene-Constantinopolitan creed: “I believe in one God….”) In God there is no division, composition, admixture, or change of any kind whatsoever. The related question: why did God make human fatherhood resemble His own? The question thus is better reformulated in this way: why did God create human fatherhood to resemble His own Fatherhood? Any attempt to answer this question will necessarily enter into the realm of speculation, but presumably, it is in order that human beings, through human fatherhood, would be able to learn something about Divine Fatherhood—since that is the only way we could know about it.