Russia is not a true naval power. It has only a handful of ports: St. Petersburg, Vladlivostok, Archangelsk, and Sevastopol (and all but the last are icebound for several months of the year). Its naval needs are primarily defensive, meaning that it can use land-based aircraft, rather than aircraft carriers for this purpose. Of course it needs a surface fleet and submarines to defend these approaches. Soldiers mounted on horses were an advantage when horse and rider could fight as a unit. This occurred after the invention of the stirrup, up to the time of rifles. The advent of the musket reduced the horeseman's advantage (in much the same was as the long bow), but it wasn't until the introduction of long-ranged rifles in the 19th century that the advantage of the horseman was fully overcome. It was much harder for a horseman to manage a rifle and reins simultaneously, than a blade weapon and reins, so horse and rider effectively became "two" (different) units again during the rifle era. Given that the besieged Gauls were short of food other implications were 1) battlefield casualties would have meant fewer mouths to feed, and 2) the opportunity to capture some supplies from the Romans (most soldiers carried some of their own food). The Soviets and Japanese were operating in two different worlds. So the respective "characterizations" were relative to their worlds, not compared to each other. The purpose would NOT to break out, but to weaken the Romans vis a vis the relieving Gallic forces (of over 100,000), perhaps by trading casualties at a 2 to 1 ratio (40,000 Gauls for 20,000 Romans). And if they could set back the Romans' timetable so they could build only the inner wall but not the outer wall, might it have been worth it? The Russians were "on a roll" by 1710. How and why would they lose Azov and Taganrog to Turkey so soon after winning such victories? Or did these victories make them overconfident? Vercingetorix managed to send some cavalry through the Roman lines to seek help, (which was forthcoming), but otherwise did little to arrest the progress of the siege. Because of that fact, the Romans were able to complete a line of "circumvallation" fortifications between their lines and Alesia, and then another set of lines of "contravallation" between the OUTSIDE of their armies and the relieving forces. From 1772-1795, Poland was partitioned between Prussia, Austria-Hungary, and Russia. But until the third partition, Poland retained a core. The American Revolution hero Kosciusko was able to raise a Polish army, but not drive out the invaders, in 1794. Why was Poland successful in resisting partition the first time but not the second tine around? Could the Deluge have weakened Poland enough to "set up" a partition a century later? Was the rising use of the liberum veto http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberum_veto a culprit? And my understanding was that in the 1790s that the Polish nobility was split into pro German and pro Russian factions; was that NOT the case a century earlier, between Russians and Swedes? A "major (two star) general" commands the next higher unit, a divison. A one star general is a "brigadier general," who used to command a brigade, when there were four regiments in a division, meaning two regiments to a brigade and two brigades to a division. But when brigades were abolished, "brigadier general" lost its original meaning. Is he now a "lieutenant" major general? Would it have made sense for the Gauls to engage in an all-out war of attrition to disrupt the circumvallation process? They were no match for the Romans in open field, but might they have been more successful in a confined area, particularly in say, night attacks? There are times when bypassing the castle is a good strategy. That is when the castle has no inherent value and the surrounding territory is much more valuable. But that's the exception, not the rule. But maybe the Carthaginians could have done even better by directing Hannibal to Sicily to receive these reinforcements, re-capture Lilybaem and the grain lands, and prevent Syracuse from falling into Roman hands. Or did naval, or other considerations, rule this out? As a result, World War I spawned two inventions that eventually defeated trench warfare; airplanes, and tanks. But the South had few punches left after Gettysburg. They had reached their "high water mark" there, losing over 20,000 men, including several generals killed or wounded to no purpose. This, after the loss of 13,000, including that of General "Stonewall Jackson, at the previous battle of Chancellorsville. On the other hand, countries like Venezuela, Colombia, and Mexico (whose ports were mostly on the Caribbean) would find it hard to project naval power to Peru or other Pacific coast destinations in the days before the Panama Canal. (They would have to go all around the Southern Cone.) Ecuador and Bolivia (which then had a seacoast) were "too small" in terms of economy and population. In most cases, the respective pilot participations reflected the postures of the respective militaries. For instance, the Netherlands surrendered only five days into the invasion, under the orders of its commander in chief, Henri Winkelman, who won "paroles" for his men. The Belgians fought 18 days and surrendered only at the behest of King Leopold, who had taken personal control of the military. This decision was against the advice of his government, and he also elected to stay in Belgium, unlike Allied leaders who fled their countries. The French surrendered under Marshal Petain, technically a civilian leader, but actually a war hero from World War I. With the notable exception of Charles deGaulle, the rest of the French military was also "defeatist." AS HorusKol noted, deGaulle's Free French used pilots originally based in North Africa, not France.