Tafsir Al Qurtubi mentions the following interpretations on 24:3: Regarding marrying Magian women, there is a difference of opinion. Imam Malik, Imam Shafi, Imam Abu Hanifa, Awzari and Ishaq have proclaimed its prohibition. Imam Ahmed bin Hanbal said: I don't like it. 

The fornicator does not marry except a [female] fornicator or polytheist, and none marries her except a fornicator or a polytheist, and that has been made unlawful to the believers. The parents' consent and the pregnancy do not have any bearing on the ruling. 

He replied: With regard to water (semen) that is emitted involuntarily, there is no sin on him for that, but he has to do ghusl (bathe) if the water came out gushing. As for making it happen by choice, by means of masturbation, this is haraam according to most scholars, and it is one of the two opinions narrated from Ahmad; rather it is the stronger of the two. According to one report, it is makrooh (disliked), but if he is compelled to do it, such as if he is afraid of committing zina (fornication/adultery) or becoming ill if he does not masturbate, then in this case there are two well-known scholarly opinions. In this case, several of the earlier and later (scholars) granted a concession allowing it, but others forbade it. And Allah knows best. Now about the question of Jesus: Forbidden for marriage those without a Book, such as the idolators and magians. It is permissible to marry people of the Book, but it is makruh (disliked) when they are from a nation with which the Muslims are at war, and it is correct when they are Dhimmis (subjects of a Muslim state). The People of the Book are Jews and Christians, but not those only based on the Zabur (Psalms) etc. 

In a non-muslim country, the meat in front of you will be halal when you've personally verified all of the above or have reliable testimony (e.g of a halal or kosher certification authority) that they've verified the enforcement of the above. 

One is that it is prohibited, because it is neither fully flowing nor otherwise. And for the permissibility of the liver and spleen flow has been mentioned. because they imposed the prohibition on themselves and this became commanded to them: 

There is no difference of opinion in that the entirety of a swine is forbidden 1:Except for its hair. According to some it is permitted to use its hair as a fibre for stitching. 

Prohibited to you are dead animals, blood, the flesh of swine 

Quran 4:23 Prohibited to you [for marriage] are your mothers, your daughters, your sisters, your father's sisters, your mother's sisters, your brother's daughters, your sister's daughters, your [milk] mothers who nursed you, your sisters through nursing, your wives' mothers, and your step-daughters under your guardianship [born] of your wives unto whom you have gone in. But if you have not gone in unto them, there is no sin upon you. And [also prohibited are] the wives of your sons who are from your [own] loins, and that you take [in marriage] two sisters simultaneously, except for what has already occurred. Indeed, Allah is ever Forgiving and Merciful. One interpretation is that this means that Allah abrogated some prohibitions of the Torah in His revelation to Jesus: makes lawful to them the good things and prohibits for them Al-Khaba'ith (impure things) 

How unbelievable and fantastical it may appear is irrelevant. Belief in al-Ghaib includes believing in things that are otherwise unexplainable by science or observation. 

However, it is incorrect to apply a general ruling such as "One must never tell such stories, nor believe in them," as there is no way of knowing that the stories themselves are not true. I know of no evidences to outright forbid such, especially if the following points are considered: The basic rulings of dhabihah would still need to be adhered to, particularly (but not limited to) that the animal does not die by bludgeoning or strangling, and the blood would still need to be removed. Ergo, your weapon should be one which kills by piercing or cutting the animal (which would cause blood to flow); even if you say bismillah over a bludgeoning weapon before striking, any animal that dies therefrom would not be halal. 

Of note, if the water is not actually pure bottled water, but rather some brand of flavoured/enriched water, there is an increased chance that the additives themselves are haram. Given that a number of common additives are of animal origin, the certification makes more sense in such cases. 

But, however, at extreme measures, almost every haram (forbidden) thing can be mubah (allowed). For example: 

In this ayat, Allah orders His rasul Muhammad (pbuh) to say that there was nothing haram other then the ones listed in this ayat. Not only says so, and also orders him to say that he wasn't able to find anything else other than the ones mentioned. Yes, Rasul Muhammad wasn't able to find anything else other than the ones listing in this ayat. I wrote this long message after seeing that somebody who claims that eating frogs were haram, because rasulullah ordered not to kill frogs, and since we couldn't eat them alive, eating frogs automatically becomes haram... If you really understood what I tried to explain in my message, after reading a claim like this you should ask this at first: "Why did he forbid killing frogs? What was the true motivation behind this order of his? Were the people massacring the frogs because of the noise they make and he just wanted to stop them?" 

Then, how do we understand the following ayat?: 

Harams and halals made by Allah form our religion Islam. They are absolute rules to save our society from corruption. They are given in Quran. No one has authority to add new ones to the list, or remove any of them. In summary, rasulullah is leader a nation who governs his nation according to the rules of Allah sent to him. Muslims must obey him no matter what because of keeping ordinance of the nation. If there is no rasul and/or rasul is dead (our situation), we keep following the chain of command, and obey the orders of our government which is governed according to the rules of Allah.