EDIT: While doing a little further research on the subject, I just found this paper from the UN Office on Drugs and Crime which covers the use of poppies and opiates in the ancient Eastern Mediterranean. Hope this is useful. They almost certainly did. However, they may not have realised initially that they were seeing the arrival of the main Egyptian army. By the time they realised, it would have been too late, and in any event they would have been ill-equipped to tackle a large Egyptian army. Obviously, this was of particular interest, and after further analysis, the authors concluded: Andronicus wrote a series of volumes about Aristotle, the fifth of which contained a complete list of the philosopher's writings. The story that has come down to us tells that the collection of works in Aristotle's "Metaphysics" were simply a collection of works that lacked a collective title, and which were shelved after his works on physics (hence μετά (metá = "beyond" or "after") and φυσικά (physiká = "physics")). By the time of the census conducted by Augustus in 27 BC, that number had reached 5 million! The pattern and structure of the new "Anglo-Saxon" kingdoms that arose in Britain was very different. It appears that the groups that arrived in Britain (traditionally, Angles, Saxons and Jutes, according to Bede), may have brought their settlement practices, lifestyle, and - crucially - their language, with them (the exact picture is far from clear as we have almost no written records for this key period). However, given that she seems to have been trying to demonstrate degree of equality with the Emperor in Rome during the rebellion, it is also quite possible that she would have required her servants and associates to address her using the Latin title "Augusta". As we've seen, she certainly used that title on her coinage. Britain is actually the big exception in the western empire. The fact that the Romano-British infrastructure and language declined so rapidly here suggests that the Romanisation of Britain was far from complete by the time that Honorius issued his famous rescript to the Civitates of Britain in 410AD. What we know for certain is that Marc Antony was a Tribune in Rome. He was "violently expelled from the Senate" together with the Tribune Quintus Cassius Longinus at some point before 7 January 49BC and fled the city. Here, the sources agree in saying that he feared for his life, left the city in disguise and headed north to join Caesar. 1 - Did the rebels really not leave any garrison behind? Indeed, we have a number of examples from ancient Egypt (another Roman province, but one where we generally have more surviving epigraphic evidence from the period) of women being allowed to testify in court: A number of other references to women being able to appear in court as witnesses appear in Book 12 of the Digest of Justinian. So we can reasonably say that the ancestors of modern Kurds came from an area within the Fertile Crescent, although - based on recent DNA analysis - we can probably say the same for many of the ancestors of peoples from Europe, North Africa and a large part of Asia. We can also say that many of the foundations of civilisation were developed in the Fertile Crescent. But it would be going too far to claim that any one of the groups of people in that region "started civilisation". Although the Battle of Megiddo is often described as "the first recorded battle of military history", the truth is that we only have the Egyptian account of the battle. Clearly, that account is unlikely to be completely impartial. We cannot know what wasn't recorded, and so we have to speculate about many of the details - particularly as regards the actions of the King of Kadesh and the armies of Megiddo. However, with that caveat in mind ... One note of caution though. Even if the use of opiates was fairly widespread in the Eastern Mediterranean in the Bronze age (and the evidence is inconclusive), we cannot be certain to what extent they were taken recreationally. The use of opiates for pain relief is fairly well known, but I also remember that my tutor (who was a big fan of the Minoan culture on Crete) was keen to point out that opiates can also be used as as an anti-diarrhoeal drug, and that (at that time) only one of the Cypriot poppy jugs had been found on Crete. (She also pointed out that the Minoan sites on Crete and Santorini appear to have had toilets connected to sewers with running water to dispose of the waste, and invited us to draw our own conclusions). However, if the drug was widely available, then it is hard to believe that it wouldn't have been taken recreationally. Drugs are certainly not a new phenomenon. Two well-known examples are opiates and cannabis. A great deal has been written about the use of hashish by medieval Nizari Ismailis (which gave us the word "assassin", derived from the Arabic "Hashshashin"). The senate had debated reforms, but these were too little too late. We know, for example that the Bishops Germanus of Auxerre and Lupus of Troyes visited Britain in 429 in an attempt to rid the church of the Pelagian Heresy. There was also a British delegation to the Council of Ariminum in 538, and of course there was the Gregorian mission to re-introduce Christianity in 595, headed by Augustine of Canterbury.