We had a case of this recently on The Workplace. A user's first question had been put on hold and edited and was on its way to being reopened, but it was also attracting non-constructive (and sometimes rude) comments at high velocity, so the moderators locked the question temporarily to stop that. Unfortunately, that lock also prevented voting, including reopen votes. A design that supports atomic comment flags could also enable moderators to make comment-moderation one-pass instead of two-pass. (You might even consider checking that box by default; when do moderators not want to purge comments that were problematic enough that they chose to send them to chat?) Except if we're handling this kind of flag, the sequence is: (1) see flag, (2) read through comments, (3) scroll back up to the post menu (which is above 20+ comments), (4) move, (5) dismiss flag. It sure would be nice if the "move to chat" button available in the flag UI offered the same purge option that the mod menu does. That would reduce the process down to: (1) read, (2) click the "move" button, (3) check "and purge". So we had an OP who was trying to do the right thing -- he actually fixed his post in response to it being put on hold! -- who was being blocked by stuff that wasn't his fault. Somebody raised it on meta and the question got unlocked and reopened, but the whole process would have been a lot smoother and easier if we moderators had been able to lock comments while permitting edits, close/reopen votes, and up/down votes. (In retrospect, suspending one user might have stopped the problem, but that wasn't as clear in the midst of the action.) As a moderator I would rather see atomic flag groups -- a way to indicate that several comments are part of the same "incident", with mods able to handle them together. (This is what you suggest in your last bullet.) I don't agree with the OP being able to lock comments, though. If you ask a question you should be prepared to respond to requests for clarification; if there's something else going on, like an argument or sniping or a tangential conversation, then a moderator should act on that. I've seen too many cases where a comment thread is an argument between the post author and somebody else; letting the post author regulate that wouldn't be good. This approach doesn't always work (e.g. for site policy). It's also most important for the initial comment, before you and the other person are engaged in a dialogue. When comment threads get long, the system raises an automatic flag. One of the options from the moderator UI is a button, "move comments to chat". This creates the chat room and copies the comments but doesn't purge them. That's how "move comments to chat" used to work everywhere. I want users to be able to check off #s 4, 6, 9-14, 17-39, and 42 and tell us "those ones right there should all go", and I want a mod who agrees to be able to click "make it so!" and have it be so. Atomic flag groups would be resilient in the face of newer comments, unlike my earlier example. Because it's a post flag (not comment flags) we can easily see who's flagging, to know if it's a participant in the thread, the author of the post, or somebody else. (Sometimes that matters.) There is also an entry on the moderator menu on a post for "move comments to chat". Recently this menu option was changed to add a checkbox for "also purge the comments", to much moderator rejoicing. Now, instead of (0) read through comments, (1) move to chat, (2) purge all comments, (3) show deleted comments, (4) undelete the one with the link to chat, after reading the comments we can do it all in one step. That's great! On the moderator side, we need a way to view the whole comment thread but with the flagged comments being marked somehow. We don't have this now, and it's a real hassle -- we can see the list of flagged comments, or click through to see the whole thread (necessary for context for all but the rudest of comments) without the flagged ones being marked, but we can't easily see everything. (The flagged comments are listed at the bottom of the page, but try managing a 15-comment thread with 6 or 7 flags.) In either the current interface or the atomic-flag-groups interface, we don't want to show just the selected comments and ask for a judgement; in addition to needing context, too often I've seen people try to weaponize flags to suppress the other side of an argument. I used to leave comments like the following that I thought were friendly and helpful: It's not a lot of clicks, but it's not just clicks -- there's all the scrolling (or paging) to get to the menu from the end of the comments. Sure, all this only adds several seconds; it's not a major hindrance. But it's a minor one and it seems like it wouldn't be hard to improve. Another way to make a comment more friendly is, when possible, to cast it as a question rather than a statement. Consider the difference between: Flagging comments individually is tedious for the flagger, as noted in this question. Flagging the post when not all comments should be purged is tedious for the mods, as we have to figure out which ones you meant. (And sometimes what flaggers say is "all but the last two are obsolete", but then we have to look at timestamps because more came in after you flagged.)