Is there any indication in the Bible about when the Trinity came into being? a preternatural earthquake, during which the burial tombs of many holy ones were opened and the dead were raised to life. The earthquake reminds us of creation's groaning in travail because of the curse of sin, but it also reminds us that creation will one day be set free from its slavery to corruption, and then enter the freedom of the glory of the children of God (see Romans 8:19-22). And He will divide the booty with the strong; What strikes me in this passage is that Christians are free. Ironically, however, we express our freedom as slaves to God! When we submit to and honor the "powers that be" we are fleshing out our obedience to God, who alone is the One with ultimate power and authority in all the universe. an abandonment by ten of His closest disciples Clearly an edict from a government or repressive regime making it illegal to preach the gospel is something we cannot obey in good conscience. Other laws will not be so clear-cut, however, as the ban on preaching Christ crucified. (Having said this, I assume the better part of wisdom in countries where "proselytizing" is banned is to limit preaching, teaching, and sharing one's faith either to underground, home churches, or to clandestine gatherings of people, generally, whether in remote locations or any other non-public places. The same would apply, I feel, to bans on disseminating the written word of God, in any medium. Years ago an uncle of mine frequently smuggled Bibles into countries where Bibles were prohibited. Today, an organized effort among Christians in repressive countries to transmit Scripture via email, podcasts, Twitter, or carrier pigeons would be, I believe, sanctioned by God.) The restrictions can also be very practical in nature, and in the early history of Israel as a nation they cover such things as the treatment of servants; the lending of money; various sexual do’s and don’ts; the treatment of strangers; the care of animals; contracts; bodily functions; the treatment of skin diseases; and the list goes on and on. The Old Testament books of Exodus and Leviticus are filled with teachings and protocols on such practical issues. Frankly, I simply like the idea of an angelic host worshiping God enthusiastically and ceaselessly "both day and night" (sorry for the corporeal slip, but it's biblical!) for aeons and aeons,* well before God spoke the first atomic particle into existence in Genesis 1:3. The general tenor, or feeling, of the few passages describing what God's heaven is like, is that the worship of Almighty God has been going on long before humans came on the scene. Angels, as it were, constituted "phase one" of creation; human beings constituted "phase two." Your question is a little more complicated than one might think at first blush! The text in Revelation 1:17, when examined, also fails to meet the test. John the beloved was an apostle of the Lamb. There are no more apostles today. Second, the reason John fell was because he saw his resurrected Lord. The purpose for the Lord Jesus appearing to John was to give him the final installment of the canon of Scripture. John was given a revelation of immense importance, but he never lost consciousness. Moreover, he also fell face forward.