... Indeed, prayer has been decreed upon the believers a decree of specified times. (4:103) 

Getting payed for leading a prayer is considered as not allowed by some scholars (see for example this fatwa in Arabic) and allowed by others (see for example this fatwa). 

I assume you are referring to this hadith or this: 

I could also quote other examples (in total 11 examples and refuted counter-examples were quoted, I only posted 5 of them) from the book, but I'd like to come to a conclusion. Sheikh al-Ghazaly later showed that the view on which most scholars are -more or less- in "consensus" about is that the face should be uncovered and the hands too based on this hadith. And this by clear statements of authorities of the four sunni madhabs and most scholars like at-Tabari, Sa'id ibn Jubayr, ad-Dahhak (not sure about the linked Biography), al-Awza'i and the salafi -attributed- scholar ibn Kathir (who said it is the opinion of the majority of the scholars) however the hanbali school say that they have two opinions/views about the hands, while the hanafi even allows uncovering the feet. 

Some scholars tried to show that putting one hand on the other is following the way of people of the book at the beginning of Islam, but was no more in use later based on statement such as: 

As Hanuna stated in her answer a prayer rug or carpet or anything you pray on has no predefined look based on shari'a. But the most important is that it doesn't distract you from praying, so that you may loose your concentration. This also applies to anything in the room especially in the direction of the Qiblah (I miss a Question on this topic on our site). This is what you should have in mind when making a choice for the rug. I'd recommend simplicity but honestly I often even pray directly on the ground when I know the place is clean. 

When it comes to worshiping acts then any basic kind of worship (prayer, fast, hajj, zakat etc.) which is prescribed or lawful for a man has the same level of prescription for a woman. With one note for optional worships: If the husband doesn't allow his wife to perform a optional worship, for some reasonable matter she should follow his orders! 

... The presence of the death person -at the same location- so a janazah prayer on a corpse which has already been moved or carried -out- (to the graveyard) or behind a wall isn't valid. 

I'm not qualified to comment on this! 

That he made four takbiraat than started the recitation, then he say Allahu Akbar and move to ruk'u and then when he stands up for the second rak'a he performs four takbiraat (Mosnaf abd-ar-Razaaq) 

Often this third person or second one who joins the prayer of the Imam indicates this by slightly touching the ma'mum on his shoulder, this is the same way it would be done if a row is complete and somebody want to join congregation pray but shouldn't stand alone in one row! Of course it would be best to arrange behind the Imam and make him stand in the middle, if anybody comes later it's preferable that he joins from the right side of the row if possible. 

Note that when it comes to details the difference between both fatwas is marginal: One would say that getting paid from the people who pray behind the imam isn't allowed, while getting paid from the government or bait al mal is allowed, while the other states that as far as the imam doesn't ask the people to pay him it's allowed to collect money for him or him being paid from the government/ministry/official pay desk (bait al mal) etc.. So the major difference is if the imam asks for a payment (this would be considered as not allowed) not if he "has been employed" to lead the prayers and paid! 

So primarily you seem to have misunderstood the topic of the hadith. 

AS @hamza-islam said there are at least two or 3 types of liquid, one of them is semen (maniy) and the others are more or less normal liquids (madiy and wadiy), that come out due to sexual pleasure. The difference between madiy and wadiy is that the later comes out after peeing! 

However the hanafi, shafi'i and one view of the hanbali school of fiqh say there's a sunnah ratiba (before the jumua'h prayer) and it's amount is 2 (as a minimum, which is the view of the shafi'is and some hanbalis beside one opinion of imam Ahmad himself) and 4 rak'a (as the optimum, this the view of some hanbalis and the hanafis). 

according this the sunnah al-ba'diya (the sunnah after jumu'ah prayer) has to be done as two rak'a and at home not in the mosque!