The difference in DPS in this instance is caused by the Increased Attack Speed statistic on your quiver. Really the only stats on the shield you're currently using that are even relevant to Demon Hunters is the Vitality (health points) and resistances (not really that important depending on build, as they're physical resistance). Fundamentally though, the cheat-death effect of Spirit Vessel is more of a proc than a cooldown. This is backed up in the many build discussions around the use of these abilities together, including this quote: Diamond Skin is classified as an absorption effect, so you can use an armour effect like Storm Armour along with Diamond Skin with no problems at all. The Wizard class in Diablo 3 has a passive ability called 'Prodigy', gained at level 20. The text for this passive ability is as follows; I have had a quick google for ideas on how to fix it which seems to bring up a bunch of posts when the server loads were really high last year, nevertheless I have been through the list of suggestions, making sure that secondary login is enabled, running the installer as administrator, etc. While you can copy your Diablo 3 folder to an external hard disk, it is worth noting that Diablo 3 stores additional data in the following locations; We didn't kill any of them - in the ending cutscene after you defeat Diablo and the corpse of Diablo falls from Heaven, his body begins to disintegrate and you can clearly see the black soulstone drop to Sancutary. I've had it active at the same time as another well in the starting area and by itself. I've also had it active with pretty much every combination of every other dungeon/cellar in that area so it doesn't seem to be linked to this either. The following skills are Signature spells: While Grave Injustice does not reduce the cooldown for the cheat-death proc, it will stack with the cooldown reduction for abilities such as Spirit Walk. It varies from recipe to recipe. Level 60 legendary recipes will be item level 60+. Level 60 rares from recipes will also have an item level within this range. The items you learn while levelling blacksmithing are lower than this range so without collecting recipes you will not be able to make any worthwhile end game gear using your blacksmith. Support is open Monday to Friday, 8am to 8pm PST Even if you could reset him (which I don't believe you can do), this won't work. My wife and I both got in the beta. I just compared her blacksmith to mine, and except for the fact that I'd trained mine up a little bit further, we had exactly the same recipes. I'm pretty sure the list of recipes you get for him as you train him is fixed. Every time you spend some gold to train him, you unlock a few more recipes. So if you did somehow manage to reset him, you'd just have to work to re-unlock all of the recipes you've already unlocked. If I understand your question, you're asking if you can reset him so that when you start training him again, he'll get a different set of recipes. Might of the Earth is a Torment-only set. Prior to patch 2.05, Torment-only legendaries could not be gained from Kadala.. However, as of Patch 2.05, you can now gain Torment-only legendaries from Kadala. I'm finding that with my current gear, taking down packs of elites in Inferno Act 2 is a slow, tricky, and painful process. Rather than slog through elite packs, I'd like to toss on some Magic Find gear and try to quickly hunt down some resplendent chests. I find that it's fairly easy to kite all the dangerous mobs to a far-off corner of the dungeon, die, and then make a bee-line for the chests. The one notable exception to this rule is "meta-achievements", the criteria for which are to complete a group of other achievements that are typically related to one another. These are usually worth more than 10 points. To compare with vanilla Diablo 3, this would be like all gear from levels 51-56 saying "requires level 51" and having a chance of dropping as soon as you reach level 51. This gives you a better chance to find upgrades that will actually stick for a while instead of being replaced every level or two. From the Blizzard Auction House FAQ: Life on hit: Confirmed. With a +2 life on hit weapon equipped, I often saw healing popups of +6, +8, +10, etc while using area attacks that hit multiple targets. Blizzard's philosophy behind orange (and other) damage numbers is explained thoroughly in their blog post, but here are the rules regarding when they appear: The following, however, did work wonders for me: There's a ring, Unity, that splits damage among all people wearing it. However, I can answer why you might want to use Maniac. One reason is that the 20% damage bonus you build up applies to all attacks, not just the Frenzied attacks. Therefore, if you've built up the 20% damage mod, it will apply to things like Leap damage, Revenge damage, etc. Adding 20% to AOE attacks can be very nice. Might of the Earth is a Torment-only set. Prior to patch 2.05, Torment-only legendaries could not be gained from Kadala.. However, as of Patch 2.05, you can now gain Torment-only legendaries from Kadala. After doing this and restarting the downloader, I suddenly went from truly abysmal speeds (like, 100 MB downloaded over 3 hours) to a > 800 KB/s transfer rate. Even with P2P disabled (and thus, I think, not even needing the port forwarding) I was getting these speeds. Everything else I'd tried before this, such as forwarding ports, disabling the firewall, turning off anti-virus, or enabling/disabling P2P had no effect on my actual speeds. When running through the dungeon indiscriminately murdering everything that moves, I sometimes get a message that I've gotten a Massacre Bonus when I slaughter an impressive number of enemies in a short time frame. This is accompanied by a small experience bonus. However, I'm not quite sure how this works.