Protestantism One belief is that the communion should be something solely for people who are saved, committed Christians. 

Here, Jesus is speaking of God as the only true God and Jesus as being sent by God, not being God incarnate. 

Embryo Screening is the process of fertilizing multiple eggs, checking their DNA makeup, and then screening out the eggs that do not meet the requirements. These requirements can be anything from potential health issues (genetic diseases) to gender preference. 

...A person who is conscious of grave sin is not to receive the Body and Blood of the Lord without prior sacramental confession except for a grave reason where there is no opportunity for confession.... 

These concepts make people think that Jesus was not actually God and that only God the Father is actually God. 

John Wesley, however, believed that communion was a "means of grace" (source). Therefore, it shouldn't be withheld from anyone--believers or non-believers. 

Does anyone know what these reasons are? I'd like to know if these religious arguments against IVF are biblically based. If so, what passages do they use to support this argument? 

Obviously, the Bible doesn't have much to say about this directly. Still, I'm curious what the Catholic stance is for or against this and what Bible verses support this stance. 

It seems that regulations and opinions on this are varied. It depends (very strongly) on the denomination and what they believe. 

Specifically, I would like the Catholic stance on this. 

...Members of the Orthodox Churches, the Assyrian Church of the East, and the Polish National Catholic Church are urged to respect the discipline of their own Churches. According to Roman Catholic discipline, the Code of Canon Law does not object to the reception of communion by Christians of these Churches. 

Key Verse: I'll put this here for later reference: 

The idea here is that if someone wants to come to communion, we should not prevent them. It may very well be the means that leads to their salvation! Clearly that's not something we would want to withhold. 

...While we cannot admit them to Holy Communion, we ask them to offer their prayers for the peace and the unity of the human family. 

Also, they take the following verse (Phillippians 2:6-8) and use this to say that Jesus had the form of God (outer appearance), but took on the form of man. So, (ironically) while it's central to the concept of the Trinity, it's also used in Unitarianism to show how Jesus was not God: 

Also, in Matthew 4:10, Jesus himself says to: 

In Catholicism Catholics actually allow others to take part in the Holy Communion, with tight restrictions. 

God the Father Himself declared this Jesus to be his eternal Son, during the Baptism of John: 

So what are the Biblical concepts of ‘prophet’? 

Emperor Nero may very well have been the initial meaning to the readers. Although our certainty about this is scanty for it seems no standard traditional view developed in subsequent church history, it nevertheless points to the intended meaning. There is little question in my own mind that the beast which is represented by the number was Rome. Rome especially as it represented Emperor Worship, making it difficult for Christians to engage in trade, without somehow paying homage to the idolatry of Rome, was ‘the beast’ opposing the church. Not only so but this political system that opposed Christ and enforced idolatry was soon to breakout into full undisciplined persecution against the church, which John wanted to prepare them for. 

The question is difficult because it depends on what a person really means by 'accommodation'. If we mean an intentional misuse of pure logic in order to explain something, like 'God walking among us', or 'God repenting', then obviously it is not an accommodation in that obvious sense as God will punish sinners and has punished sinners in the Bible. The bible is full of his punishment everywhere, there is no need to quote scripture in detail as all will confess his judgments recorded. However, if what is really meant is a method to reconcile God's anger with his love, as seeming contradictory attributes, then the question itself is a confusion of subjects as anger is not an attribute of God.