The one who transformed Spinoza's subordinate clause into a motto was none other than Hegel. In the Science of Logic he presented the "determinate negation" as the essence of his own dialectical method, and believed that Spinoza did not appreciate his own discovery: "Spinoza’s top-down determination starts with a single category (in his case, divine substance) that is then progressively divided by the application of concepts—the model being Plato’s method of division in which a genus concept is divided into particular species by the presence or absence of some differentiating property. From Hegel’s point of view, however, this cannot capture individuals as other than parts of that greater whole—a metaphysical picture in relation to Spinoza he refers to as acosmism". According to Hegel, notions proceed from abstract to (determinately) negative, to be resolved in the concrete, the negation of negation, their superior form. See more in Melamed's Spinoza and German Idealism. PHILONOUS. I am content, Hylas, to appeal to the common sense of the world for the truth of my notion. Ask the gardener, why he thinks yonder cherry-tree exists in the garden, and he shall tell you, because he sees and feels it; in a word, because he perceives it by his senses. Ask him, why he thinks an orange-tree not to be there, and he shall tell you, because he does not perceive it." What Husserl kept and developed beyond Hume was the recognition of the creative role of mind in cognition. Productive imagination (term shared with Kant) plays a dual role of aiding apprehension in perception, producing perceptual unities like objects, and engages in "free play" to produce what Kant called synthetic a priori intuitions in arithmetic and geometry. In fact, Husserl expands its role even further, it is responsible for memory recalls and "eidetic variation" of acquired perceptual proto-concepts that sharpens their boundaries, and forges them into full fledged essences ("eidoses"). As a result, Husserl gives a more satisfying account of empirical concept formation, which was a major unresolved problem for Kant, see Pippin's Kant on Empirical Concepts. He could not explain how exactly definitive concepts are formed from the undifferentiated "manifold of sensation", and his German idealist successors turned it into "construction of reality" from mental categories. Let's suspend discussion of what is more "plausible", dark energy or giant void, or what "plausible" even means as applied to the 'universe as a whole', or what justifications one might offer for the Copernican principle. There seems to be an overt non-sequitur in its application. Assuming that we are not in a privileged position does not imply that we are in a generic one. The third option, and seemingly the most "plausible" one, whatever that means, seems to be that our position is neither privileged nor generic. There are many like it, and there are many as well, that are nothing like it. 

The oldest objection to the premise, ego cogito, which goes back to Gassendi, is that the reference to ego ("I") is circular. "Were we to move from the observation that there is thinking occurring to the attribution of this thinking to a particular agent, we would simply assume what we set out to prove." Or as rephrased by Georg Lichtenberg, rather than supposing an entity that is thinking, Descartes should have said: "thinking is occurring". Without ego we are left with cogito alone, so while "thinking is occurring" we can not infer that "something thinks". Wittgenstein argued, roughly, that a language has to be learned, and to be learned it has to be used first. Therefore, no private language. But if language has to be learned what then are the a priori categories of understanding, concepts, and forms of pure intuition? Kant tells us in Critique of Pure Reason: 

The best attempt to realize the logicism program was Russell and Whitehead's book Principia Mathematica. However, after Gödel's results on incompleteness the program came to be viewed as a dead end, and was largely abandoned. Later, Quine argued convincingly that the analytic/synthetic distinction itself, even in a revised form adopted by logical positivists, can not be maintained at all. According to Quine, all knowledge, including the laws of logic, is synthetic, and ultimately empirical, this dealt a further blow to logicism. Although it is no longer believed that "all of mathematics" reduces to logic, the modern mathematical logic is much closer to Frege's conception of logic than to Kant's or Locke's. One (which could be a neuro-net) selects "features", and groups objects based on the totality of their values, clustering then amounts to finding cluster centers, "paradigmatic representatives", around which other objects "cluster". Once those are found, whether in 3D or higher dimensional space, boundaries can be drawn between the clusters. This would work pretty much always, not just when we "see" a boundary, as with trees and non-trees. There are quality measures, of course, and they can be high or low. Shall we say that the boundary is "really" there whenever high quality clustering can be achieved? Or shall we say, a la Kant, that we (or the neuro-net) "put" it there by specifying the features and making other non-unique choices that such algorithms make? Even in visual 3D "sharp boundaries" are not as sharp as people feel: