My point is that attempting to model intentionality on "x means y" misses the target because it is in essence a ternary relation: "x means y to z". A berry can be about eating to a bear, and about a beautiful shade of color to an artist, intentionality is only "intrinsic" by ellipsis. Now, z has been traditionally assumed to be (something like) a conscious subject. The question is if that is necessary. Well, whatever else "means" means z has to be able to relate y to x, and reproducibly so. So it has to be an actor capable of developing "habits", then in the most primitive cases x is a piece of a habit which, if put into action, reaches y (I am skipping a volume here, in particular the role of society and language). That is more or less what Peirce, Ryle, Merleau-Ponty, Dreyfus and other pragmatist advocates of embodied cognition assert. The habit part requires discrimination between "success" and "failure", which could be accomplished through some sort of "tension" qualia, that is Merleau-Ponty's route. But if we admit both habits and qualia we are already pretty close to awareness. I do not think that the qualia are necessary though: the discriminator for habit formation can function causally, "blindly", like a motion sensor connected to a circuit breaker. If so, what we get is a philosophical zombie capable of acting and learning, hence of forming x-s and connecting them to y-s. This is Tegmark's short formulation of the "mathematical universe" (paraphrased by detractors as "reality made of math"), and he goes out of his way to stress that he means the "is" literally:"Whereas the customary terminology in physics textbooks is that the external reality is described by mathematics, the MUH [mathematical universe hypothesis] states that it is mathematics (more specifically, a mathematical structure)". Deutsche gives a related physical Church-Turing thesis, roughly "every physical process is realizable on a Turing machine", although he is a bit more cautious. The first international workshop on applied ontology was held in 1993, Applied Ontology journal was founded in 2005, and Journal of Social Ontology in 2014, both are backed by international societies. Note that the use of terms "metaphysics" and "ontology" in applied contexts is controversial, some scientists wish to draw a sharp distinction between applied and philosophical meaning of the words, others embrace their unity. E.g. Smith and Klagges write "Applied ontology is a branch of applied philosophy using philosophical ideas and methods from ontology in order to contribute to a more adequate presentation of the results of scientific research". Regardless of linguistic preferences there is one common feature the two share, a prominent role of metaphysical speculation in constructing suitable frameworks for a domain of discourse, some call it "ontological engineering". Another shared function is serving as an incubator of new scientific theories, which generates hypotheses that can then be empirically tested. According to Plantinga himself, the argument is directed at those, who, while unconvinced that God actually exists, are willing to concede at least that his existence is possible. But why they should accept such custom made definitions of "excellence" and "greatness" is unclear. The explanation itself begins with appealing to sensibilities of those who worship God, but they presumably do not need the ontological argument to convince them of his existence. This is characteristic of naturalized epistemology's response to meta-objections in general. In contrast to apriorism or scientism there is no meta, no presupposed justification principles that are independently validated. In Epistemology Naturalized Quine writes "if the epistemologist's goal is to validate empirical science he defeats his purpose by using psychology or other empirical science in the validation. However, such scruples against circularity have little point once we have stopped dreaming about deducing science from observations. If we are to simply understand the link between observation and science we are well advised to use any available information, including that provided by the very science whose link with observation we are seeking to understand".