Read also this fatwa about the definition and ruling about backbiting. This fatwa in Arabic says there's no backbiting if you don't point (by any means at the person you are talking about)-> avoid calling them by name. There you may read this two options (I'll translate, but shorten the Arabic text to necessary minimum): Ibn 'Umar narrated: " 'Umar delivered a Khutbah to us at Al-Jabiyah. He said: 'O you people! Indeed I have stood among you as the Messenger of Allah(s.a.w) stood among us, and he said: "I order you (to stick to) my Companions, then those who come after them, then those who come after them. Then lying will spread until a man will take an oath when no oath was sought from him, and a witness will testify when his testimony was not sought. Behold! A man is not alone with a woman but the third of them is Ash-Shaitan. Adhere to the Jama'ah, beware of separation, for indeed Ash-Shaitan is with one, and he is further away from two. Whoever wants the best place in Paradise, then let him stick to the Jama'ah. Whoever rejoices with his good deeds and grieves over his evil deeds, then that is the believer among you.'" I assume your Question is: Is it allowed for a widow in her 'iddah to be present at the nikah of her son. But in any case -and I think both Sunni and Shia' scholars do agree about this point- the verse 5:90 says: All this can basically be regarded as maslahah (public interest) or sadd a-dhrai' (closing a halal "door" which may lead to haram) in the osol al-fiqh (see for example What are basic (osol al fiqh) differences & similarities between the 4 (existing) Legal Sunni Schools: Hanafi, Hanbali, Maliki, & Shafi'i? Charts?). and stunning is not one of those, which are prohibited, maybe through some explanation we can add it, but for now we look for a work around not for how to create a fatwa for prohibiting flesh! Well if you ate it without the meat everything should be fine inchaAllah. So basically all scholars agree that once you misuse such clothes or a neckless by for example entering a toilet wearing them it becomes at least makrooh if not haram. This is also the opinion presented in this Arabic fatwa on islamweb #51490. The opinion is based on the fact that the Prophet had a ring on which was written "Muhammad Rasull Allah" (Sahih al-Bukhari and sahih Muslim). And he used to take it off when entering the "toilet": If possible you must avoid naming this person while warning as you may find in ahadith words like: Some more fiqh details based on this fatwa: From all of this you seem neither to be a witness of a riba transaction nor somebody who pays or record it, your money is free from interest and doesn't come from riba, as you earned it by work! So your don't deal with riba directly! And your income is halal. Is the re-Marriage valid at all? Backbiting (in the context of Islam) means: That you say something about your brother that he dislikes, no matter if it was something about or on his body, or religion, his life (donya), his desires (nafs), his creation (appearance), his character, his wealth or money, his children, his parents, his spouse(s), his servants, his slaves or fraught, his turban, his tissue, his walk, his movements, his smile or frown, his ease or hardship... no matter if you say it or write or indicate it, with your eyes, hand or head or any similar way So in my POV i can't see any harm in accepting it as it will end at a wall or a showcase (I even know some athletes who sold their medals because they lack of money!). And the athlete will not wear it as it isn't a kind of cloth or jewelry, as wearing it (as a jewelry) would be haram and as i mentioned there's a big difference between what you said and this! So the basis for not allowing this is the fiqh ruling: This is based on this two fatwas in Arabic: Sistani even says that alcohol of less then 2% can be drunk (in context of medicine I guess). Al-Haeri on page 88, Question 40: says that beer without alcohol is halal to drink if it didn't have contact to alcohol. In Question 39 (same page) he allows cleaning lesions with alcohol!