Finally your thesis is flawed in that today the Department of Defense, the Department of State and the Department of Homeland Security are far more important advisers than the Department of Commerce. Military advisers still trump economic advice. First, your premise is false. Charlemagne was supported by non-military advisers - ignoring Alcuin and the Church renders all other analysis meaningless. Second, Charlemagne's court was comprised of economic and military advisers, but at that time there was no distinction between them. Great Lords and churchmen were both military powers and the major landholders. Given that their economy was very primitive, economics was functionally equivalent to holding land. The only way to be a military leader was to be an economic powerhouse and vice versa (you could not muster large levy unless you had lots of land and lots of economic power). Charlemagne's advisers advised him on their best interests which were a combination of economic, military and idiosyncratic. 

The reason for the meeting was finance. I don't have that research to hand, but France was absolutely screwed for finance. They had a structural deficit and had tried everything (including inventing entirely new and fantastic monetary systems, firing successive finance ministers, etc. There wasn't a mechanism to levy new taxes or to change the allocation of existing taxes. It had been tried, and internal inertia and hostile stakeholders had ruined the effort (Imagine that every bureacrat in France was [Ted Cruz], 2). I'm not defending fascism; both were evil, anti-liberal ideologies. Both ideologies are effectively religious and require you to believe in things you cannot see. But ultimately Fascism promises order, safety, comfort, unity, and the removal of all danger. Communism promises revolution, the opportunity to fight, to kill, all in service of a future that nobody can describe, except that it is different from today. At the root, both ideologies promise absolution for killing people you fear; because the people you're killing are not really people. They're capitalists, or bourgeois - and therefore killing them is not a crime, it is a noble act in defense of the future. And pretty much anyone you don't like is probably one of those "others". 

Update - It occurs to me that I've neglected to address the underpinning of OP's question. Why monarchy over democracy? Fukyama's Origins of Political Order argues that democracy requires some relatively sophisticated institutions. (I'm abridging a book into a sentence; I'm aware of the injustice I do to his argument). Democracy is built on the notion that the citizens trust the state. In an era of poor communications, and unbelievable wealth gaps, it is difficult to assemble any meaningful demos. (Stop whining about today's 1%'ers; imagine life in Charlemagne's time, when 99% of the population legally could not travel from their home and would almost never speak to anyone outside their home village.) Greek democracy worked because it was a tiny oligarchy of citizens who knew one another. The same was true for the Roman Senate - a small coterie of families who knew one another, supported by tribes (who claimed kinship). Rome couldn't maintain the cohesion and degenerated to an absolutist monarchy, followed by a military dictatorship. There was no hope to build the kinds of institution and societal trust mechanisms that would enable democracy in societies with that kind of weak communications and cooperation. 2) Free labor. Apprentices worked for you at essentially no wages; there were almost no limits on the surplus value the master could extract from the apprentice and almost no oversight. Update @jwenting points out that the relationship between master and apprentice is more complex than I've presented here. He's correct: I'm going to incorporate his answer here with full credit