Screenshots (from http://mrhaandi.blogspot.com/p/injectsmaa.html): To make the engine allocate a larger block of memory it needs to be patched. Another mod that you might want to try is: SSME - Skyrim Startup Memory Editor. The Unofficial Skyrim Patch is a comprehensive Skyrim bugfixing mod that could also help solve other potential CTD issues. Full list of its fixes here. If it still crashes, I'd recommend "cleaning" the DLCs. DirectDrawFix You only need to run this once on StarCraft.exe. With this, there's no need to manually close, or use scripts that will close Explorer.exe everytime you run Starcraft. I have personally tried NV Stutter Remover and CASM. NV Stutter Remover modifies the game to be more "stable" (more info on its New Vegas Nexus page here). CASM (Cipscis' Automatic Save Manager) allows for an incremental auto-save function specified by a time preset (can also be done manually through a hotkey), allowing you to load a savegame close to when FNV crashed. Fake Fullscreen Mode Windowed runs the game in windowed mode, which some report as helpful in preventing crashes (more info in its New Vegas Nexus page here). What does the 'One, Two, Three and Four Player' options in the 'Low Detail Models' graphical setting do? For the corrupted colors issue: You can however, force post-processing AA on it, like FXAA (in Nvidia driver software settings), Morphological Anti-Aliasing (MLAA; in AMD/ATI driver software settings) or SMAA (which I believe provides better visual quality than the former post-processing AA methods). SMAA can be used in GTA IV through injectSMAA: When tesv.exe is started it allocates two 256MB blocks of memory. When the first block gets full, the engine will allocate more blocks. This can cause the known troubles. Thankfully, by telling the engine to request a bigger block from the start it magically makes use of it without any further ado. This isn't the case with the second block. Thankfully again, the second block does not fill up as quickly and once it is full the engine does not trip over itself when allocating more blocks. From the PC Gaming Wiki's "Fallout New Vegas - Game Crashes Randomly" article: DirectDrawFix will allow you to resolve this specific issue by applying required compatibility fixes to the registry. Elevation is required for this application to perform its updates. I don't know about the other checklists, but the ones listed here are useful (in my experience). You would need to try out different things (i.e. a checklist) to troubleshoot which one is causing the crashes. If it still crashes, skip the opening sequence by using the Alternate Start - Live Another Life mod. On the software side, you could install the Streamline mod. It has a feature (part of its "Streamsmooth" component) that can temporarily lower graphical settings (causing higher FPS) when you are in combat. It also has other features that can improve FPS too. Also, it might be the case of the ol' Savegame bloating. Try the Unofficial Skyrim Patch (UKSP). Among its fixes are: Click image previews below to view higher-resolution, original-sized image. No AA: Also, use BOSS to optimize the load order of the mods and DLCs. Try also installing the Unofficial Skyrim, Dawnguard, Hearthfire, Dragonborn and High Resolution DLC patches. They fix a lot of bugs within the game and the DLCs, preventing some of the possible crash reasons. BOSS also provides thousands of plugin-specific messages, including usage notes, Bash Tag suggestions, requirements, incompatibilities, bug warnings and installation mistake notifications.