Is there any service out there that lets you generate latex images using query strings? I'm thinking something like: 

Once a user has over 9999 rep, the rep shown in their signature is truncated (i.e. "10.5k" instead of "10,506"). Would it be possible to show the full rep in the tooltip when hovering over the truncated rep? Currently there is a tooltip that just says "reputation score". There is. You paste it, then select all the code and hit the code button on the toolbar, or the Ctrl+K keyboard shortcut. http://img20.imageshack.us/img20/7112/postsvsdayssmall.png The columns show the number of votes, answers, and views. I think views, in particular, can be removed; no one really cares about views, except when trying to figure out which question was responsible for the "Popular Question" badge you just got. 

Or maybe you could create a separate badge for first flagged comment (but I don't think that's really needed). Pfff, that's disappointing. I waited so long for this privilege and it's basically useless! If there's good content in an old, off-topic question, I'd rather migrate it to a site that wants it than delete it. 

Here's some data on suggested edit review speed. Methodology: I computed the average time between the submission and the approval or rejection of suggested edits over a 1-week period, or over 100 consecutive suggested edits on the few sites that received more than 100 per week. I measured three 1-week period: the week since the top bar went live (it's been a week today, except on MSO and AU; I excluded AU and took the date of the top bar introduction as a reference on MSO), the week before, and the week before. I chose weeks to avoid effects related to the time of day or day of week, and show two weeks before to get a small idea of the variance. For each period, the table below gives the average delay in minutes (rounded down) and the number of suggested edits that this averages over. The last column expresses the new-top-bar value as a percentage of the old-top-bar value (e.g. 100% means no change, 200% means that reviews take twice as long). I only looked at sites with at least 7.75 questions per day, because slower sites tend not to have a statistically significant sample of suggested edits. (7.75 is where the API throttled me out…) I then filtered out sites where there weren't at least 10 suggested edits during the weeks concerned. 

I'd like the "today", "yesterday", etc. links in recent activity to display in the user's current time zone, as well as any non-relative timestamps (for example, the absolute timestamp seen when hovering over a relative timestamp). It is annoying that the evening is a different day than the afternoon (for me on east coast US). I imagine for someone even further from London it's much more annoying. Update: As requested in the comments, here is a chart showing total number of posts vs. age of site. I'll give you that this looks like it could be O(n2), with a very small constant factor (and an anomalous bump around the public launch). Unfortunately I don't remember enough about statistics to tell you which function is a better approximation. I know you need to use r-squared and rho and standard deviations, but I don't remember the significance of any of those things. One of them is supposed to be less than 1.0 I think. Anyway. A higher res version is available here. 

The current system rewards upvoted posts on migrated questions more than non-migrated questions, because they get the votes from the original site on the original site, the votes from the original site on the target site, and the votes from the target site on the target site. 

If the target site doesn't want the question, the question should not be migrated. That is a problem with the current migration rules. Not the age, but who decides. 

Ok. From a moderator's perspective there isn't that much difference between “rude and offensive” and that — in both cases, a moderator needs to evaluate the context, delete the comment if the flag is warranted and possibly take further action (e.g. mod message). But from flaggers' perspective it's nice to have the “be nice” remember in there. Most of the existing privileges have an effect that's visible immediately. You can observe them passively or quickly find a way to use them, at least if you participate in activities other than asking and answering.