A player can get the number of ATP World Tour Masters 1000 commitment tournaments reduced by meeting certain milestones, based on longevity in the league. The point values were chosen to give the desired relative weight between a free throw (1 point), a field goal (2 points), and a three-point goal (3 points). 

Each of these organizations has international tournaments, and professionals will play by the rules of whichever tournament they are participating in. However, if you are looking for one, canonical set of rules for 8-Ball that is recognized by everyone worldwide, that does not exist. 

After the ranking in each group is figured out, the top two teams in each group move on to the Round of 16. Climbing on a teammate is illegal. The reason behind the switch to the plastic ball is two-fold. Initially, the reason given was that celluloid is increasingly becoming difficult and expensive to obtain, due to dangers in production and increasing regulatory restrictions. However, ITTF president Adham Sharara revealed in an interview in February 2014 that another purpose was to slow down the game: 

In addition to the material change, the diameter of the ball is changing slightly. Celluloid balls were required to be between 39.50 and 40.50mm, and the new plastic balls need to be between 40.00 and 40.60 mm. Normally, if a player touches the ball with two different parts of the body in succession (not simultaneously), it is a Double Contact fault. However, the block and the first team hit are exceptions to this. During the block and during the first hit, a player can contact the ball more than once, as long as the contacts are all part of one action. The Valley National 8-Ball League Association (VNEA) is another large, international league with their own rules for 8-Ball. 

Nine-ball pool meets this criteria, and is currently played in tournament settings. 

You can see which athletes have been tested and how many times on the Athlete Test History page of the website. So far this year, 240 athletes have been tested 335 times. The WPA publishes World Rules of Play for various games, including 8-Ball. From the NCAA Football 2013 and 2014 Rules and Interpretations, Rule 12 (Instant Replay), Section 1, Article 2 (Philosophy): 

The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) administers the UFC's drug testing policy. They have a website at ufc.usada.org, and on this website you can read the 21-page policy (pdf), which took effect on July 1, 2015. By 1896, the rules were refined again to standardize the free throw line at 15 feet, and set the free throw goal at 1 point and field goals at 2 points.