What do I get? Also, a few things about certain types of items we have available: Update: Here's a little preview of some of the things you can now find: Also, it displays in the preview, why not the tab? Ok, well editing a question doesn't miraculously make it acceptable. Someone answering the question and still voting to close it really has nothing to do with anything. And as I said before, its topicness on another site is not relevant. So your accepted answer says absolutely nothing to support your argument that it's a good question, which only leads me to believe you don't really care about the feedback and only care about someone agreeing with you. And to be perfectly honest, everything you've written here in your question and comments seems to support that theory. Yet, you seem to have completely ignored that part of the answer. Perhaps you were too distracted on the inaccurate representation of your question as a one-liner after you edited, but whatever. The unedited question is still lacking in those expectations, so it makes sense that both versions would be closed. Most interesting, though, is that you accepted an answer that doesn't even answer your question. It doesn't say anything about the topicness of your question at all. Let me summarize that for you: I suggest to just tie the elevated privilege levels to a certain number of recently active users above 3k reputation. Closing is the single most important community moderation privilege just behind editing. I'm ignoring deletion as this can be handled by diamond moderators for smaller sites. Editing should be covered by the number of 3k users as well as the requirements are lower than for closing. We probably need something like the serial voting script for review abuse. I don't think rate-limiting or higher reputation thresholds are enough. The script could take the time between reviews into account as well as a suspicious deviation from the average percentage of close/not close decisions. But that could be not enough information, requiring at least two reviewers for each item would be a way to collect more information about the accuracy of a review. Then the script could also take into account how often a review decision is overturned by two other users. Can I still get swag? Probably not. We previously offered site swag to those users who reported serious vulnerabilities. For now, we're considering the cash bounty to be a replacement for the swag. It's possible that in the future we'll offer both, but for now offering swag and cash would just double the complexity of awarding bounties. Can I sign up for the private beta? You absolutely can! You can fill out this form to get on the list to be considered. As stated above, those who have reported vulnerabilities to us before will receive precedence in joining the private beta. We’ll then be selecting users who have identified that they have security research background, followed by any other users. Given the short period of time the private beta may be running, not everyone who fills out the form is guaranteed to get into the private beta before the program ends up going public. This is, obviously, not very specific. You have to click through to see what tag wiki (or excerpt) it's talking about. Can we get the tag wiki's title and the "excerpt" keyword (for those it applies too) added to these lines as well, like how it's displayed in your suggestions activity: So, who will actually win? We will be awarding at least 30 users with the swag of their dreams, ordered by top-scoring answers right here on this question. If we really love the stories you all came up with, we may award even more (maybe even everyone who made it to a score of 10). Those who win their beloved dream prize will be contacted via email by myself for their shipping details. As you posted with a sock puppet I'll address the vocal dissenters ( Dimension/Dilaton/...) directly. But it is probably far more complicated for issues that are not as severe as death threats. Trolling is not necessarily illegal (and this varies a lot in different jurisdictions), so I don't think that legal actions are the best way to proceed in this case. There is also the difficulty of actually determining the person behind this, which might be impossible as this user uses a lot of proxies. Depending on where the person lives it might also be very hard or impossible to initiate any legal action. The main question you should ask yourself when editing is if there are any other parts of the post that should be edited. Spelling and grammar are important and should be fixed, but if you start editing you should fix all the problems a post has and not only fix the easy ones. The script could then roll back all review decisions of that user and block him for some time from reviewing.