Most medieval kings had a court system spread throughout their lands. They maintained "High" Courts for issues of national importance. Genghis Khan began by uniting the five core tribes: his own "Mongols," the Kereits, the Merkits, the Naiman, and the Tatars, accomplishing this by 1206. This earned him the emnity of several groups on the borders of the new "Mongolia," who had been allied with the other tribes. From east to west they were the Jin Dynasty (the Manchus), the western Xia, including the Tanguts and Uighurs, and the Kara-Khitan (modern Kazazhstan). Genghis Khan had to defeat the first two and occupy the Kara-Khitan before his new country could be reasonably safe from invasion. What changed the equation beginning with the end of the 15th century was the import of gold and silver from the New World. This initially affected Spain and Portugal but soon affected other parts of Europe. (For instance, the Holy Roman Empire was connected to Spain through King Charles V.) Now, governments could operate through deficit financing. That is, they would borrow money (when silver and gold supplies were relatively low) and pay later, when the supplies were higher, devaluing them in real terms, pocketing the difference. Lenders typically lost money on these transactions because the resulting inflation eroded the value of their loan repayments. (A similar thing happened to American bankers during the inflationary 1970s.) The process stopped when the Mongols ran out of enemies to fight, or to be more exact, when their remaining enemies became less threatening than the internal divisions that wracked the Mongolian empire after the death of Genghis Khan in 1227. But the pattern of Mongol conquest extended for several decades more before this happened. At its height, the Roman Empire consisted of the modern Italy, Spain, France, Britain, the Benelux countries, the Balkans, and parts of the Middle East and North Africa, and other areas. Fellow travelers on the Camino Del Santiago include Italy's Dante and Spanish warrior El Cid. Burgos, the former capital of Castile lies on the road, and some Castilian kings, including possibly Isabella walked on it. "Witchcraft" and magic were viewed by the Church as religious crimes, (making a pact with the Devil to obtain these powers), and therefore treated harshly. For courts to decide "local" matters, they maintained local magistrates. In the case of England, these included sheriffs in cities, and justices of the peace, who were country squires. Other European countries had similar structures. In many cities, there were guild courts maintained by trade guilds, who decided cases of economic crimes. The nobles complained because they had most of the money (and most of the land). With a sudden shortage of labor, the nobles' land and money didn't go as far, causing "inflation." The laborers prospered, but few of them could read or write, so we don't hear their side of the story. My understanding is that the French had better artillery, a multiple of the number of English troops, and as a result, a wider range of weaponry for "combined arms" operations. The English had superiority in only one area, the long bow, which they had used to devastating effect at Crecy, Poitiers, and Agincourt. England's alliance with Burgundy mitigated, but did not eliminate, the French advantages. Peter the Great of Russia, a man regarded by many as despotic (but clearly sane) exiled his sister to a convent but did not execute her. In fact, "convents" were a convenient alternative to "execution" where women were concerned, which is probably one reason why women were seldom executed. Merchants during the feudal system, tended to be Jews or other "foreigners." Lombards, Genovese and Venetians, (from the most entrepreneurial parts of Italy), and Greeks, tended to perform this function in northern Europe, Dutch (and other western Europeans) in Eastern Europe, etc. One reason that Genghis Khan's Mongols expanded so far as they did was because each success brought with it a new set of enemies. One of the events that led to the War(s) of the Roses was the birth of a son, Edward, Prince of Wales, to (Lancastrian) King Henry VI, and his Queen, Margaret of Anjou, in 1453. One probable reason this didn't happen more often was that kings needed mothers to be legitimate, while women were (mostly) barred from inheriting the throne. The three ecclesiastical electors were the archbishops of Mainz, Trier, and Cologne. The four temporal electors were the heads of state of Bohemia, Brandenburg, Saxony, and the Palatinate. Of those, only the head of Bohemia was a "king," making Bohemia a kingdom. The head of Palatinate was a Count, of Brandenburg was a Margrave, and of Saxony was a Duke. Inflation has been defined as "too much money chasing too few goods," or in this case, "too few people." By definition, all these "European" countries were much "smaller" in size than the Roman empire. More to the point, they were all much smaller in population, wealth, and "governability," at least until the 1500s and the resulting enrichment of the Continent through the discovery of the New World. Also, by around 1500, the European countries wee starting to become real "countries" (where Rome was, shortly after 300 B.C.), as opposed to a collection of feudal states. Before that time, no European power had anything like the mass of the Roman empire, or its ability to field armies.