Not exactly. You are trying to map Kant into modern cognitive psychology, which is a natural thing to do, but can only give us an idea of what Kant might have been getting at from our modern perspective, not how he actually thought about it. In his own mind he was not working with introspective data, nor was he trying to build a dynamical model of mental cognitive processes. In the Preface to Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science he explicitly writes that "the empirical doctrine of the soul” will never be "a properly so-called natural science", see Steinert-Threlkeld's Kant on the Impossibility of Psychology as a Proper Science. A much more serious revision of Kant is not Quine's dissolution of the analytic/synthetic distinction but rather his epistemological holism, including the denial that anything is a priori. This he also moderated in late years, although not on principle: Körner is referring to the Refutation of Idealism argument (B274–279), directed against the skepticism about the external world attributed to Descartes and Berkeley. The idealism in question is the "dogmatic" idealism concerning the empirical, hence the "empirical realism". The choice of words is unfortunate, however, since "empirical realism" is also one of the two names given by Kant to his own philosophy. The other one came to be much better known, and became its canonical label, the transcendental idealism. But Kant considered "empirical realism" to be equally valid, except that his meaning for it has little to do with what the term means today, which is closer to what is argued for in the Refutation, see Palmquist's Two Perspectives on the Object of Knowledge. "The combination of calculus plus the laws of motion is not happily viewed... as a conjunction of elements symmetrically contributing to a single total result. For one element of a conjunction can always be dropped while the second remains with its meaning and truth-value intact... the mathematics of the calculus does not function simply as one more element in a larger conjunction, but rather as a necessary presupposition without which the rest of the putative conjunction has no meaning or truth-value at all. The mathematical part of Newton's theory therefore supplies elements of the language or conceptual framework, we might say, within which the rest of the theory is then formulated. Daniel Holz writes on a popular science blog Cosmic Variance:"The Copernican principle is a guiding foundation of cosmology. In short, it states that we are not in a privileged place in the Universe. A “random” observer will see the same Universe that we do." He further writes "Now suppose I told you I had a model which explained all of the observations, was based on general relativity, and appealed to no mysterious dark energy component... There’s one important caveat, however. The void model throws out the homogeneity and isotropy assumption. The Universe is now spherically symmetric, with a big hole in the middle. Even worse, we happen to be very, very close to the center of the hole." 

It is a natural conciliation of Quine with Kant which admits that yes, everything is empirically revisable, but no, theoretical knowledge is more structured than an undifferentiated "web of belief" with its parts differing only by being more or less "entrenched". Certain "philosophical meta-principles" (like locality, causality, etc.), and "coordination principles" (connecting theories to observations) must be assumed in advance to even enable empirical measurements and their interpretation. They can not therefore be tested empirically in any straightforward sense, nor do they come from any kind of empirical induction, they are a priori and rational in origin. But they are not absolute, as Kant thought, for they can be adopted or abandoned based on the overall success of a paradigm (this is Friedman's infusion of Kuhn into Quine), judged in a loosely empirical manner, like classical determinism or Euclidean geometry were. Here is the gist of Friedman's argument against Quine's holism in Dynamics of Reason: 

The broader question is answered under In what fundamental ways, if any, does Husserl break with Kant? This is not to say that universalizability, at least in a weak sense of abstracting from individual traits, do not have a place in modern ethics, see Do “if everybody did it” arguments commit a fallacy? Mackie in Ethics calls universalizability an "in some sense indisputable" condition on moral systems. And he endorses "categorical imperatives", as unconditional rules of behavior imposed by a society or institution for pragmatic reasons, e.g. facilitating decision making under predictive uncertainty or ensuring better outcomes in the prisoner's dilemma situations. 

How could a public law be consistently viewed as an object of private intellectual property? Kant avoids such a contradiction because his justification of authors' right does not rely on intellectual property, but on the meaning and the function of both authors and publishers in the world of the public use of reason. Therefore, Kant's theory of copyright is compatible with the Weltbegriff of philosophy." 

Incidentally, this allows Friedman to resurrect the analytic/synthetic distinction as well, but not in the Carnapian form attacked by Quine ("I have no desire to defend Carnap's particular way of articulating this distinction here"). Rather than distinguishing different sentences within a theory as analytic or synthetic, he proposes a meta-distinction between theories and their presuppositions. 

Kant argues in Critique of Pure Reason (resolution of the third antinomy) that while free will can not insert itself into empirical causal chains ("nature") it can influence causal chains in their entirety from an atemporal beyond, and then watch them deterministically play out as appearances in time. He can do that because he takes time, like "nature", to be merely an artifact of our perception that has no bearing on things in themselves, like self or free will. So Kant's freedom is not a sequence of free decisions taken in "nature", but an atemporal Decision that has a part in shaping "nature" itself. This is fantastic, but at the end Kant limits his argument to merely demonstrating logical consistency of (atemporal) free will with causal determinism (of appearances), not providing an actual theory of it. Should we grant at least that?