*In Arabic: it said I have been given the book so the translator used the interpretation kitab=book=Quran! 

The hadith is well known and you may find it in many hadith books such as sahih Muslim, sunan abi Dawod, sunan an-Nasa'i and Jami'i at-Tirmidhi (all on the authority of abu Hurrairah()): 

In my answer on What are the terms of that which has reached Tawatur? I've tried to address the topic of the conditions of al.-Bukhari and Muslim. 

Note that among of the witnesses of this conversation are many well known Hadith scholars like Imam at-Tirmdihi, an-Nasa-i and ibn Khozaymah. 

The 6th Verse is also very expressive as it orders the wives or women of the houshold of the Prophet (peace be upon him) to spread out the wisdom and the revelations of Allah -which they heard/saw in their houses- to people! This verse is a clear order as it quotes Quran on one side and the wisdom (hadith) on the other. And we know a lot of sunnan from the wives of the prophet as they saw him in his house and only they could describe him as a husband or father etc. 

See also Did Prophet (PBUH) never laugh after revelation of verses 59-60 of Surat An-Najm? 

The hadith from al-Kabeer and an other narration 

I'd like to add an other one which is quoted in this fatwa in Arabic: This Prohibition for cow meat is not general, but rather special, as for example the hijaz is a very dry area and therefore the meat of cows there is also rather dry which made this meat causing sickness or harm to the people of hijaz. 

Tafseer: Refers to any kind of human interpretation of the Quranic text. It might be based on other Quranic verses, linguistic views or other sources. It might also be a book extracting rulings from the Quran etc.. So it is similar to exegesis AFAIK. 

borrowing words of a sahih hadith. 

Also note that if this hadith was sahih? Why did the Prophet () offer a cow as a sacrifice? (See for example sahih al-Bukhari and sahih Muslim). This is by far not the only contradiction to this hadith showing that the Prophet() ate cow meat (see for example in sahih al-Bukhari and sahih Muslim when he came close to Medina during his hijra, again in sahih al-Bukhari and sahih Muslim where he accepted it as sadaqa)