As for the matchup, TL;DR Riven beats Aatrox in lane because he simply cannot trade with her. The key is understanding how to trade. So really what you get from the Doran's is the 15 AP and mana regen. First off, most AP mids only have AP ratios of 0.9, meaning that's an additional 13.5 damage per spell. That is pitiful at best because it will take 6 spells for that bonus damage to match the damage of any single level 1 spell, let alone a level 3 spell. ALso, it doesn't add any power to your auto-attack, which can be a good portion of your damage. Second, the mana regen is basically useless - either tool some runes to help you with mana regen or adjust your playstyle so you consume less mana. Learn to last hit with auto attacks instead of spells, and save mana for kills. In terms of changing team dynamics: If you want to get a feel for how this lane works, watch WingsOfDeath play Riven against Aatrox. Unfortunately I lost the old video was taken down, but this one still demonstrates the lane. I have lots of thoughts and advice below, but to summarize: As a final note, it's a mistake to say a tank is useless because they are bad if you don't build them right. Any tank, and really any champ, is bad if you don't build them right. It's only fair to compare tanks once you've figured out their best builds. So the rest of winning is in avoiding ganks and trading damage. The key to both really relies on two things: Using items like Madrid's Bloodrazor and Bloodthirster on Nasus makes him the meanest tank when his ultimate is active. He frequently takes on and entire team at once and with enough support comes out on top. His biggest role is to chop up key players like Ashe and other dps champs, because he can Wither them and tank through a team while bashing them to death. Nasus is also very balanced and has barely seen changes over the last while, which you can interpret as reliability. Because Morgana's abilities have a large cooldown, take action when she uses one. In particular, watch for her using Dark Binding and Black Shield. If she has either down it is your opportunity to get in there. When Dark Binding is the only spell down Morgana's Black Shield does not make her immune to damage; it breaks after enough damage and your burst should be able to break it. Keep in mind that your abilities reset auto attacks, so alternate abilities and auto attacks to maximize damage while her shield is up. If her shield is down but Dark Binding is up, you might have trouble engaging if the Morgana is exceptional with it. Try to bait it out of her if possible.