They have also done testing on public sector buildings themselves From the UK government's perspective, what would constitute a bad deal on Brexit? So, how I'm going to explain it, is a slow process and just an example. I can assume you'd only want to research specific Bills/Acts and not have an archive of the relationships between the two displayed in front of you (if so, you'd have to individually research and document an archive yourself as I can't find that much information regarding the relationships either (maybe something worth coding)). I've learnt not to look into national debt as an isolated topic, instead should be looking at the ratio of Debt to GDP, which provided by @JBentley "went from around 71% to 84%, which puts things into perspective". The most important action they have taken for any future tragedies is setting up an advisory panel and take any actions necessary to prevent this happening again. I've just seen a post from MP for Tottenham and former Minister for Higher Education David Lammy on his Facebook account saying that he received a reprimand for not complying with Chief Whip on the division(s) of the European (Notification of Withdrawal) bill. UK austerity was initiated with the Conservative/Lib Dem coalition in 2010, but the national debt has nearly doubled since then. So what is the actual aim of said programme, if we're accruing more debt? This would be in accordance with international human rights commitments adopted by the Russian government to respect the human rights of all individuals. Question Does the UK electorate become more likely to vote conservative with age? There is actually much more than this to the Swiss system and these considerations do not settle the question either way but I thought it was interesting to consider the difference in perspective. But if the government reduces spending, it will have a big effect on its revenue as well so, depending on the conditions (specifically whether the economy is operating at its full potential or suffering from a shortfall of demand and whether the central bank can compensate the effect of budget policy through monetary policy, neither of which have been true recently in the UK), it's entirely possible that it would gain very little. The key insight in all this is that a government is not like a household. If you reduces spending (say stop going to the restaurant), this has no effect on the economy so you are still earning the same income and you will have more money available, e.g. to pay your debts. So as long as everyone else is still spending and your job is not at risk, cutting on expenses is a good way to increase your savings. It's however possible to review the main issues and see what could be impacted (if not necessarily how those things would actually be impacted). It seems that there are at least three areas in which all this could have an impact on your working life: From this perspective, the Swiss system in which all the main parties share power at the federal level since 50+ years feels very undemocratic. Whatever comes out of an election, the same people are almost certain to remain members of the federal council, certainly the same political parties will continue to govern. Seemingly the only change is that the number of seats each party has gets adjusted once in a blue moon. Britain essentially wanted India to remain apart of the imperial defence and had hoped they would achieve that with self-governance by aligning both armies. Why would an MP be required to follow what a Three Line Whip asks of them? or are there special circumstances for doing so? It seems to me that from the most recent election this could be true, but I'm looking for history to tell a story and I can't seem to find any hard evidence/studies of this demographic. India India was granted dominion status because organisations arranged talks with the then Viceroy of India which then formulated into the Indian Independence Act 1947 to grant said status: What can the UK government do to help resolve this situation? From the UK government's perspective, what would constitute a bad deal on Brexit? We condemn any and all persecution and call on the authorities to promptly investigate and ensure that the perpetrators of human rights abuses are brought to justice. They have also asked private sector landlords, owners etc.. to check their own buildings and have provided a testing facility to do so. It has been widely reported today that the Conservative party have come to a £1Bn+ deal with the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) to prop up their minority government, which got me wondering what are the key differences between a 'confidence and supply' deal moreover a formal coalition? UK austerity was initiated with the Conservative/Lib Dem coalition in 2010, but the national debt has nearly doubled since then. So what is the actual aim of said programme, if we're accruing more debt?