Strategically speaking, this behavior means that fewer SCVs will be more effective repairing a high HP structure than a low-HP structure against an army of the same DPS. I doubt this would really affect in-game decision making, but maybe it's worth knowing. And once the wall is broken, Zerg wants to stream in lings to attack all mineral lines, keep the wall open, and intercept producing reinforcements. Baneling busts are a calculated decision based on the scenario, taking advantage of specific weaknesses in the opponent's defense, and a strong follow-up that's unique to Zerg. So while I have seen this done in game, it's something I don't care to perfect. I have a very hard time sensing this moment in the game. It's easy to feel when income increases, but hard to know when the expo actually led to a stronger army relative to if you hadn't expanded. There are of course many other uses of blink, including: Because of the fact that a burning building loses HP while it's burning, you must also calculate this additional time. Chrono boost on Zerg upgrades or larva Marine + roach or muta army composition Scanner sweep / MULEs Missile turrets Planetary fortresses Bunkers for roaches / hydras Though most of these are still not going to be practical if you have any creep spreading. So, play an aggressive game, keeping supply counts low and keep your opponents distracted. Do a stim timing, blink timing, etc. Stay in (or close to) battle, where micro is most important. This is your advantage being one player on the same economy as your opponents having to juggle armies. Two players controlling units in a single battle is not as efficient as one because you have a vision of your unit positioning, when to retreat, etc. If you are Protoss, you have different tools at your disposal. Instead of copying Zerg techniques and busting a wall, you have warp gate, warp prisms, blink... Use an allied overlord or floating building to get high-ground vision and warp in as you wish. This can be used to break a wall, by distracting enemy forces away from the wall. In general with banelings, unless you have them in the enemies mineral lines or something of that sort, you want to do a regular move rather than an attack move with them. They still explode when killed, so letting them get as much of a surround as possible before blowing up is almost always better than just blowing them up as soon as they hit the front unit. Since nobody else has mentioned it yet...armor upgrades. The interceptor fires 2 attacks that do 5 damage each unupgraded. With a maximum of 8 interceptors per carrier, each +1 to armor reduces the total damage the carrier does by 16 per wave of interceptors. Most anti-air units will do fairly well if you spend an equal amount on them, especially if you can stay ahead in upgrades. Corrupter and vikings are especially effective. With burrow, spread a few groups on likely attack paths. Ramps work especially well. This forces your opponent to bring detection or use a lot of scans to advance safely. If they don't, unburrow in the middle of their forces and detonate. Edit: If you aren't comfortable in your ability to keep a good eye on your minimap, you can also activate autocasting on unburrow as Tzenes mentions, although this will usually do less damage than a manually unburrowed baneling. As the Zerg As the Protoss: A bit of a breakdown on the different options against tech: In 2v2 I have always wondered though if allys have used this tactic. It would be MUCH more feasible here because: I have a very hard time sensing this moment in the game. It's easy to feel when income increases, but hard to know when the expo actually led to a stronger army relative to if you hadn't expanded. You can play on even footing until your supply maxes out. Your opponents can continue producing units while you're capped at 200. So, try not to get to that point and kill them first. Because of the fact that a burning building loses HP while it's burning, you must also calculate this additional time. Forcefields to prevent repairing and keep the army away while you break the wall (though if you have a zerg ally, make sure you don't forcefield his units out!). Zealots are quite strong against buildings, especially in conjunction with siege tanks or roaches. Your opponents can't attack the zealots without getting in range of your ally's tanks. If your ally is baneling busting though please don't block the banelings with your zealots :) Stalkers have range and speed to help more in DPS, and if you must retreat you can still keep your expensive units. If your ally has tanks, then you certainly have enough time to get out an immortal or two. They are extremely efficient at killing buildings Of course if you have immortals you may as well have an observer for high ground vision, or a warp prism even better.