There are a whole bunch of assumptions in this question that don't pan out. First of all, France had a parliament, although it served a very different function. The Swiss and the Dutch were both republics, although substantially different from either the British or Republican model. Russia had the Duma. Poland had a bicameral parliament in 1493. I don't remember enough of the structure of the Spanish or Portugese government to make any statement. 

Jefferson and his Democratic Republicans (although that term did not yet exist when the constitution was designed) despised the British, and would have resisted including anything British. 

At the bottom end are what we now call "failed states" - states that are unable to carry out basic state functions. At the top end of the spectrum, strong states, are able to implement difficult policies without consideration for opposing stakeholders. 

update in response to comments. The King could declare a new tax, but unless he went door to door to collect it, he would receive no tax revenue. Tax collectors performed the function their fathers did, in the way their fathers did, and distributed the revenue the way their fathers did. The tax collector didn't work for an institution, he held a sinecure, and there was no real way to remove him from office. (which had something to do with the levels of corruptions which are unimaginable to modern students.) Every tax collector, every judge, every magistrate, every gendarme, every minor elected official had their own version of how the government was supposed to work. (actually they had two - one they paid lip service to, and one they actually carried out day to day.) If the King declared "Water is wet", the entrenched bureaucracy of these street level bureaucrats woudl interpret that as "The King has declared that water is wet, and in accordance with my ancient perogatives and the authority of my office, I interepret that to mean that I should have more Jam on my bread!". And there wasn't anyone in the whole country that could disagree. The king could dismiss you from his presence, and might be able to dismiss you from a top level office, but he didn't control enough offices in the country to make a difference. It was "personal rule" not just because he ruled without governance, but because the limit of his authority was the limit of his personal influence. 

(Update: I mistakenly included the Albany plan in my original writeup, because I'd confused it with the Virginia plan; the Albany Plan was a 1754 plan for a defensive alliance between the colonies. Based solely on the Wikipedia page, it appears to have been unicameral. The relationship between the Albany plan and the Iroquois is significantly more complex. I need to read Forgotten Founders in more detail. Another Yahoo asserts that the Articles of Confederation are a version of the Albany Plan, but I'm afraid that I can't follow the author's line of reasoning until I've done a bit more research. It appears that the League of Five Nations, the Albany Plan and the Articles of Confederation are all solutions to how to compromise sovreignity with confederation - to permit member states to ally and share governance on common matters, but to retain agency within their borders. That's a fascinating and relevant discussion, but is not precisely germane to the question). 

When we use historical methods and sources we're doing history. When we use influence and governance, we're doing politics. The distinction between history and politics isn't in the event, it is in your relationship to the event and the use to which you're trying to put the event.