Aquinas rejected this transcendent interpretation altogether, and gave an elaborate theory of agent intellect as human soul's own power. In particular it is responsible for stripping sense perceptions of their "material" contents, turning them into universals and making them accessible to passive intellect. Although he had precursors in Bonaventura and Philip the Chancellor, in contrast their accounts like Aristotle's were quite obscure. Here is Aquinas in his own words:"I say together with Avicenna, that the possible intellect... is different in different individuals... But I add that also the agent intellect is different in different individuals... It is necessary to postulate a power, belonging to the intellect, to create actually thinkable objects by abstracting ideas from their material conditions. That is why we need to postulate an agent intellect". Apparently, "grounding" is a new word of choice in metaphysical debates, there was a philosophical Conference on Grounding and Emergence held in Glasgow last May. This is a reaction to fading hopes of reducing sciences to more fundamental ones and ultimately to physics, which was the original programme of scientific realism, known as reductionism or physicalism. The original replacement was supervenience, changes in composite objects can not happen without changes in their physical substrates, but supervenience proved to be too weak and too vague a notion to satisfy many philosophers with realist leanings. This looks like a "lame terms" redux of Plantinga's "victorious" ontological argument from The Nature of Necessity. Here is Plantinga's explanation of why if a maximally great being exists in some possible world it exists in every possible world. He attributes the idea to Findlay (p. 214): 

Now concerning the title question. Idealism is the position that the fundamental "stuff" of the world is more like what we make contact with through our mental faculties of reason, understanding and intuition, rather than through our senses, as in the case of matter. Materialism is the opposite position. There is no logical connection between either of them and the existence of God as in the Western Christian tradition, an omnipotent, omniscient, personal being. There is no reason why the world, either ideal or material, can not "hold itself together", or be held together by some other mechanism or principle. That holding belief in God correlates with philosophical idealism is more a matter of tradition and psychology. Plato and Aristotle gave versions of idealism without such a God, but most later philosophers belonged to a Christian tradition, and so strived to find a place for him in their metaphysics. However Spinoza, and especially Hegel, reduced "God" to little more than a mere principle, which Schopenhauer inverted and termed the World Will. A paradigmatic example are mental states being "grounded" in the brain states. They are linked to them in a way different from a causal connection or outright reduction, but more definitive than mere supervenience or correlation. Fine in The Question of Realism traces the idea to Aristotle:"it is possible to imagine metaphysical scenarios in which the nonbasic, or grounded, is plausibly taken to be real. Suppose, to take one kind of case, that Aristotle is right about the nature of water and that it is both indefinitely divisible and water through-and-through". This is somewhat different from the use of "ground" as a source of justification by Kant, Hegel, Husserl or Heidegger, say knowledge is grounded in something (categories, pure intuition, being-here), but without being caused by it. Berkeley's point was broader, that pragmatic certainties of life leave things wide open on metaphysics. Wittgenstein picked it up, and took it further:"Philosophy may in no way interfere with the actual use of language; it can in the end only describe it... It leaves everything as it is". It is literally vital to reach consensus on using language to coordinate how we act, beyond that it is not so vital. And metaphysical aspects, aspects that "leave everything as it is" open up plenty of room for skepticism and relativism. Wittgenstein's solution is his well known philosophical minimalism: there is no point to these extras because they take words beyond the contexts that give them meaning, and so just juggle empty words:"Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by means of language". The most relevant disagreement probably concerns the first [narrow] meaning: while analytic philosophers have fundamentally accepted the new formal science created by mathematicians, continental philosophers generally hold that philosophy should use a specific logic (dialectical, transcendental, hermeneutical, etc.), or even be free of any logical commitment. In contrast, analytic and continental philosophers might have a useful dialogue over the second [grand] meaning ­ i.e., over logic as pure theory. Indeed, it is difficult to deny that they have both been in some way concerned with the misfortunes of theoretical reason after Kant". And here is Einstein's conclusion in his own words: Aquinas wholeheartedly embraces interpreting matter as potentiality, but only as long as one is willing to make distinctions between different kinds of potentiality. And his preference is to avoid the "equivocation" altogether by restricting "material" to the tangible, corporeal. Kenny discusses the issue in detail in Aquinas on Mind, Ch.11. Here is Aquinas himself in Quaestiones Disputate de Anima: 

As for your examples, generally speaking there is no difference, the move from conceivability to possibility is either accepted or not accepted, and depending on that all four will be valid or invalid. Swinburne does think that Kripke's mind-body dualism argument can succeed even if one generally rejects this move however, because imagination is usually mistaken about issues we have no direct acquaintance with, and our mind is an exception to that, see SEP.