The bishop sends to the Donations-in-Kind office a letter stating the donor, the date, the description of the item, and the approximate value (for tax and accounting purposes). 

God will reveal additional ancient records of the Lost Tribes of Israel, beyond the Bible and Book of Mormon. Baptism -- Baptism is by immersion and for accountable individuals, not of infants, nor by sprinkling 

Nowadays, there is no such curse, so the dark skin can't be sign of one. Joseph Fielding Smith went on to say Phone: 800-453-3860 ext 2-2554, or 801-240-2554 Thus, there no canonical, doctrinal evidence for a "curse" on all blacks, now or ever. In light of this absence, it's wrong to teach that there was one. Existing commandments can change 

Pragmatically, it makes good sense. 

Nephi can keep all of God's commandments, at least in the sense of literal physical possibility. Eternal principals are of course eternal. The specific actions they necessitate will depend on time and circumstance, and these instructions are delivered by a living oracle. And it came to pass that Moses spake unto the Lord, saying: Be merciful unto thy servant, O God, and tell me concerning this earth, and the inhabitants thereof, and also the heavens, and then thy servant will be content. The First Presidency never issued a general statement on women giving or not giving the last address of a sacrament meeting. 

An example in the latter days is the adoption and later un-adoption of polygamy. Another example is the command for the early Saints to collect themselves in one location (Zion), versus the instruction today to strengthen the Church in each nation they are in. 

This honor is more than figurative; all things have an "intelligence"...for lack of better word, a fundamental spark of divinity/existence that cannot be created or destroyed (Pearl of Great Price, Abraham 3). This universe of intelligences honor God, and so he has power. 

FYI, two points about this tendency: 

Neither shalt thou make marriages with them; thy daughter thou shalt not give unto his son, nor his daughter shalt thou take unto thy son. It's pretty simple. The Book of Mormon translation follows in the KJV tradition, which in turn follows in the Jewish tradition. 

Jesus said to the thief on the cross, "To day shalt thou be with me in paradise" (Luke 23:43). Yet days later, when he appeared to Mary, he said "I am not yet ascended to my Father" (John 20:17). Mormons believe that the afterlife ("paradise") is distinct from the habitation of God. This is not the first time God has wanted to keep a group of believers separate. (3) The Book of Mormon (or, more properly, the English translation of the Book of Mormon) did the same thing: יהוה becomes Lord or God. 

Disclaimer: These are Skousen's insights, based firmly in LDS doctine, but his own beliefs nonetheless. If I said, "Would you like to go to the movies with my sister and Lisa?", most people would think Lisa and my sister are different people. Now whether this is literally the Casper-like spirit normally thought of or something more principal elemental that was organized, or created, into a full fledged spirit we don't really know...because we don't really know what a spirit is. 

There are dozens upon dozen of examples of parts of the Gospel of Christ that were corrupted. A few: So is this a "new" doctrine taught in the Book of Mormon and not the Bible, or is it considered only a "clarification" of an existing Biblical doctrine? Spirits -- Man has a spirit distinct from his physical body. At death, these two separate. 

Ostensibly, yes they are quite alike. There are many similarities as you pointed out. Nowadays, tithing is usually paid with money because (1) that is what most people earn (2) it is easiest to account for and (3) financial contributions are easiest to process/use. (You can't build a church out of oranges.)