We who are Jews by birth and not ‘Gentile sinners’ know that a man is not justified by observing the law, but by faith in Jesus Christ. So we, too, have put our faith in Christ Jesus that we may be justified by faith in Christ and not by observing the law, because by observing the law no one will be justified. 

(Another, Psalm 47 appears to be more about military conquest and though it has verses that could be interpreted as millennial, they could just as easily be pre-millennial.) 

Therefore, God knows everything except that which He chooses to forget. 

Note also 2 Corinthians 11:14, which says that Satan can "masquerade as an angel of light." 

In Job 1:6 we learn that Satan was in heaven with other angels. 

This thought is also stated by Jesus in Matthew 25:41: 

The Willow Creek Community Church has long had a policy of both men and women in leadership roles - which was (and is still) counter to what many other churches teach. From their site: 

But He chooses to forget one thing: 

Update: In my answer above I assembled evidence for Satan being an angel. But it's not proof (see comments below). Which leads me to consider proof by exhaustion: if Satan was not an angel, what could he be? I know of only three types of sentient beings in the Bible: God, man and angels. He's clearly not God, nor man. That only leaves one other option. 

Conclusion: we know that Satan lives / has lived in heaven, with other angels (some of which are his own), that he was (or will be) cast out of heaven. From this we infer that he is a "fallen angel". 

(I added verse 15 for clarity, verse 16 is in bold.) 

That he has his own angels, is a further clue to him being a (former) angel. (And incidentally, Isaiah 14:12-15 is often used to show why Satan fell, because he wanted to ascend to God's throne). 

I'd imagine that, when He was full of joy, at the very least He had a big smile on His face. 

This verse and the wider passage are historically interpreted as referring to Satan, though it is not directly stated. 

Interesting question. In the Bible, this is strongly hinted at rather than directly stated. Here is the evidence: 

One of the more interesting quotes (repeated on monergism (again, I have no other knowledge of the site)) is Psalm 22:27-28: 

I'd really like to know how they came to this view and especially their Biblical basis for this belief (beyond the verses quoted above which, while they are about leadership, do not mention women specifically). 

Update: apparently Jesus thinks laughing is a blessing; from Luke 6:21b: 

In addition to David's thorough answer, I would like to add (what I think) is the single most clear verse: 

The verses I've checked so far, like Psalm 22:27-28, could also be pre-millennialism. I don't see any post-millennialism specific verses. The closest I could find is Matthew 28:19: 

The only passage I am aware of is 1 Peter 3:18-20a: 

Enjoying God Ministries (which I don't know anything about other than the page I will link to) has this summary: The Postmillennial View of the Kingdom of God. They list a number of Biblical quotes which, for completeness, I will add here: 

It should be noted that this is rather a "standalone" passage, in that there is nothing similar in Scripture, so it is unwise to base a doctrine on it. However, you could read into this: 

Footnote: there are only two named angels in the Bible. Michael (Daniel 10:13, Daniel 10:21, Daniel 12:1, Jude 1:9 & Revelation 12:7) & Gabriel (Daniel 8:16, Daniel 9:21, Luke 1:19 & Luke 1:26). 

To put it more simply: I was a pre-millennialist before I started this study. Now I'm a definite pre-millennialist! 

That Satan is (was) in heaven is also seen in Zechariah 3:1-2, Luke 10:18 and Revelation 12:9. Revelation 12:9 gives a further clue to Satan's identity: 

I, even I, am he who blots out your transgressions, for my own sake, and remembers your sins no more.