Summary: yes the throne has wheels to symbolise that God is with His people, even when they are not near the temple. But, no, they are not literal. God is speaking to Ezekiel in a vision which he and the people he preached it to would immediately understand and draw comfort from. Doubting Thomas said it well in his comment: "Jesus was just elaborating on God's Commandments from the OT; revealing their true meaning.". In that spirit, here's my elaboration. As the leader, Moses was being watched. When Moses did not believe, this could easily lead to lack of belief amongst the Israelites, which had been a problem before. Finally, note that Jesus Himself saw no difference. As He mentions just before the above verses: * There's a lesson in this for all of us: we cannot expect God to be predictable and solve our problems in the same way He always has done. He's in the business of making things new! What we do know, however, is that Theophilus, in the original Greek, means "friend of God", "loved by God", or "loving God". This was a common name back then, but it was also an honorary title used among the academics of the day. Why doesn't this work? Let's look at things a bit more in context (of Mark): Theophilus was the person addressed in both the Gospel of Luke and in the Acts of the Apostles (ie "Luke" and "Acts"). The identity of Theophilus is unknown. Per Wikipedia there are multiple possible options: Furthermore, we should pray continuously for something we want! We see this in the parable of the widow and the unjust judge. The widow constantly bothers the judge and he finally relents even though he is neither godly nor just. He basically says "Fine, you can have it, go away." If there is a difference, I'm seeking a mainline protestant viewpoint and exegesis of this text All commentaries come from a certain doctrinal standpoint. Often, a commentary (as others have mentioned) will note their doctrinal standpoint, but sometimes they will not. In these cases, it's most important to examine the Bible and Divine traditions to see if the commentary contradicts anything within the Bible or Divine traditions. If it does, then clearly the commentary should be avoided. Note that Wikipedia mentions that this could be two separate events, but it is commonly accepted to be one event, shared among the gospels. Finally, is the word "joy" a bad translation of the original Greek there? Or should we expect intense happiness (per the meaning of the word in English)? Yes, Jesus might have been anointed twice or four times. But if we use just the tiniest amount of common sense, it seems pretty obvious that being anointed with a $3million oil was not a common event. Therefore, it's extremely safe to assume that this was really simply one event. Essentially, the Rule of Faith is the ultimate authority that is used to measure doctrines, practices, or beliefs (or other items in Christianity). The translation in question "anything" actually comes from two words: pantos [any/every] and pragmatos [practice/matter]. And it seems that joy is something we can attain by having the Holy Spirit in our lives: Finally, God had previously to deal with men not trusting His promise but taking matters into their own hands. David Pawson has an interesting answer, referring to a similar vision in Ezekiel 1. First, bear in mind that the Israelites were at that time in captivity in Babylon. Then: So how did it happen? Jesus clearly had a physical body: Summary: yes the throne has wheels to symbolise that God is with His people, even when they are not near the temple. But, no, they are not literal. God is speaking to Ezekiel in a vision which he and the people he preached it to would immediately understand and draw comfort from. See the above verses or the full chapter for more. Whether Jesus Himself in His resurrected body could perform miracles by Himself (which I suspect) or whether The Holy Spirit did it for Him, the conclusion must be - it was a miracle. Apparently, the story s a funny scenario consisting of a humourous exchange between Jesus and Nathanael. Here's the text, from a reader of The Straight Dope: Pride the Deadly Sin is rooted in enmity, competition and self-centeredness. Its mindset is always some variation on "I am better than you." It should not be necessary to go into detail as to why this attitude is directly opposed to Christian principles. Boasting is generally inspired by the evil pride, and ought to be avoided. However, it has a nobler counterpart, whose attitude, instead of "look how awesome I am!" is "rejoice with me!" One attempts to place oneself above others; the other brings people together as equals. Much like "love," the word "pride" has more than one meaning which are very different from each other. There are two (possibly more but two principal ones) in common use: Here, he was trying to explain to them that they would need to be prepared to stay mobile (side note: the word fugitive comes from a Latin root meaning "to flee"): they would need to always have a purse (for money) and a bag (to carry basic supplies) ready, and that a sword (for protection against other men) was to be more important to them than a cloak (for protection against the elements) in the days to come.