This organization was instrumental in organizing the nations of South and Central America. In fact, before the founding of it, some of these nations recognized Manchukuo as a legitimate state. The Neger was a torpedo-carrying craft. Although not designed as a suicide weapon, the torpedo would often fail to release from the submarine when fired and would carry the craft with it to the target. that several Japanese islands were ceded by the treaty to the United States despite the U.S. not having any legitimate claim to them Due to this, the Neger was eventually retired and withdrawn from service. Vibrationdata.com Stuka Divebomber Germany had four types of midget subs of which only one was successful. The first was the Biber. Also, many Germans were still bitter of their loss of WWI. Their was a popular stab-in-the-back theory which Hitler supported. It claimed that Germany had never lost a war and that the German Army did not lose World War I, but was betrayed by the civilians and politicians on the home front. It has been stated that the stab-in-the-back theory was "an ideological cement of Hitler's dictatorship." The Germans were bitter at the the Allied powers, but mainly at the French who had occupied Germany during post-World War I. This pushed them to obey Hitler as he promised to repudiate the Treaty of Versailles. So this wasn't a case of brainwashing. There were two main factors at play here: While they carried an 88mm deck gun with 220 rounds of ammunition, this is a peashooter compared to what even the smallest destroyer carries. With a single gun, an unstable platform from which to shoot it (ie. the submarine rolls a lot), inferior range-finding gear, slow speed, and no armor... to be caught on the surface by even a well-armed merchantman was suicide. This was exploited by Q-Ships, armed merchantmen made to look like juicy deck gun targets. By this declaration we reaffirm our faith in the principles of the Atlantic Charter, our pledge in the Declaration by the United Nations and our determination to build in cooperation with other peace-loving nations world order, under law, dedicated to peace, security, freedom and general well-being of all mankind. There's a number of problems with a kamikaze attacking a ship from the side which makes the attack less likely to succeed. First is speed. An aircraft in a dive will go much faster than one flying level. The faster you're going, the harder you are to hit. It also gives the enemy less time to react and you spend less time under the considerable fire a US fleet could pour out. The Demon Core Officially the Demon Core was HS-5,6;R-2 (plutonium-gallium hemispheres 5 & 6, plus a ring to separate them) and was being tested for use. HS-1,2 were used in Trinity, no ring. HS-3,4;R-1 were used in Fat Man. HS-7;R4 was being prepared (the records don't mention HS-8). So this was the third plutonium core produced. I'm sure if you poke around you can find plenty more. Next is to consider the enemy's numerous fighter cover. In air combat, altitude is life. Altitude can be converted to speed. Prowling fighters will be patrolling at high altitude waiting to dive and pounce on incoming attackers, gaining speed in the dive. A low flying kamikaze would be easy prey. A high flying and diving one means the fighters cannot gain a speed advantage by diving. And the Japanese needed a decisive battle. The Japanese knew they could not outproduce the US. They needed to deliver a crushing blow quickly, destroy America's ability to project power as they did in the Russo-Japanese war, and negotiate a favorable peace. This is a case of wishful thinking, but it was also the only plausible path to victory.