There is today a publication in Slovakia called "Usvit" but it's doubtful it existed in 1999, and if it did it's a one-man show by a local fringe politician. It seems highly unlikely that this guy had secured an interview with Gorbachev. 

And that's one of the reasons early cars wasn't aerodynamic, people simply didn't know how to make them aerodynamic. When in 1914 an aerodynamic prototype was made of an A.L.P.H.A 40/60 the speed increase was 86 mph, compared with 78 mph for the standard model, this not only because of the bad understanding of aerodynamics, but also because the bodywork became much heavier. 

No. The reason he didn't do that is twofold. 

As a result, he might have actually thought "I wish manufacturing technology meant I could make cars more aerodynamic", while if he was shown a modern car, he might have realized that he actually had the technology. 

In fact, the only remarkable statement is "The purpose of my life was the destruction of communism, unbearable dictatorship over the people". Nowhere else do we find Gorbachev claiming that he wanted to destroy communism. 

Q3: Did Gorbachev say that his intention was to destroy Communism? 

As you see the US beat all of them, and the other major victor, the USSR of course never reached levels of prosperity close to this, but that's because of socialism. 

1908 Henry Ford would certainly have recognized that modern cars were cars, and would probably not have said "that car can't possibly work", although I'm sure he would be surprised and astonished by many things. 

There are several questions in here. I'll try to address each one: 

In addition to that, the technology to make modern aerodynamic bodies is likely to have been expensive or complicated. 

The Schutzstaffel was a paramilitary unit created by the Nazi party. After the Nazi party came to power and the Nazi party effectively became the state, the SS as a result also became much less of a paramilitary unit, and instead become just a second military unit, parallel to the Wehrmacht. 

No. Most of the things in the interview seem rather unremarkable. Gorbachev claims to want a social democracy, something he has said otherwise. He said even before the fall of USSR that he wanted a more open market. There is no mention of a conspiracy at all, that seems to be Anixx own invention. 

As such, most of the members were not punished, because you were not punished after the war for being "aryan" or being a Nazi, for pretty obvious reasons. So yes, most of the over one million members of the SS were not punished after the war. The exception was those that were convicted of war crimes. 

A "return to Leninist ideals" means primarily things like equality, and the people being in control. This means democracy, and this was what Gorbachev was working for. His aim was a socialist democracy. He believed in Marx and Lenin's ideals, but he had realized that the so called "dictatorship of the proletariat" was not the way forward. Hence he retained the ideals, but rejected the methods. Therefore it was not a betrayal of the ideals. 

There therefore was no voters to betray, and he also did not betray his supporters or Leninist ideals. What he did was simply to fail. Instead of succeeding in his aim to bring democracy to the Soviet Union, his steps towards democracy instead led the Soviet Union to collapse. To his credit though, this has led to democracy in Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia, so his efforts wasn't a complete failure. 

Germany's industry was of course in a much worse state than France and UK's, but they were able to rebuild it to a large extent thanks to economic help from the victors. 

It is also worth remembering that high growth is easier when you start from a low position. See for example at China's development after they embraced capitalism. 

As the sources seem to made up, and also Gorbachev's visit to Turkey seems made up, it's likely that the whole text is made up. But it's probably largely made up from things he actually have said in other interviews and in his 1995 autobiography. The claim that he wanted to destroy communism is however most likely completely invented.