Variance is also dependant on your game style. Set-mining nits will have a lower variance than a loose-aggressive player. That also doesn't mean that the set-miner is better than the LAG. Nor does it mean the opposite. 

What I'll discuss is the relevance of StdDev in poker. So, what does StdDev tell you about your game? StdDev is an indicator of your variance. Your variance, in turn, is effected by many things. Two of the most important are: That is not to say that when your StdDev is high you need to work on your game. I mean, yes -- you need to work on your game, all the time, but it has nothing to do with your StdDev. The best online $25.00/$50.00 player in the world is probably going to have a long-term winrate that is much lower, probably measured in the low single digits in terms of BB/100. They have an edge, but their edge is smaller. So their variance and StdDev are going to be higher than the world's best $0.05/$0.10 player. Does that mean that the .05.10 player is better than the 25/50 player? Hardly. 

I'm not going to discuss actual, hard numbers as most people familiar with StdDev in poker will declare something that can be interpreted as "StdDev is completely useless until you have 100k+ hands," -- a sentiment I disagree with in principle. You can gain some insight with far fewer hands. Disclaimer: All of what follows applies only to winning players. For non-winning players, none of this matters a whit. My advice is to forget about StdDev as a diagnostic tool, and look at it as a mathematical curiosity. In other words, StdDev has no direct relation to your absolute skill at poker. Other variables do. StdDev only has an indirect (at best) relation to your skill. 

Your skill relative to your opponents Your long-run winrate at a given stake/structure. As your skill increases relative to your opponents, you'll win more. As you win more, your long-run winrate increases. Simple. As your winrate increases, your variance decreases. The best .05/.10 player in the world might have a huge winrate measured in tens of BB/100 online, and a very low variance. 

Then, once you have said range, it's no longer about how long since you've last played a hand. You know which hands you're playing and you're playing them every time you get them. At least, that is, until you gain reads on the opponents at the table. At that point, you should adjust your readless strategy accordingly to maximally exploit their playing styles. I would personally never be betting this flop. You're out of position against an opponent that 3-bet your UTG open preflop and you've flopped TPGK which is still very vulnerable against Villian's range. He either has you crushed right now or has a hand that is scared due to the King. Note that isn't that much. And that's what winning players are making. If you're a slightly profitable, or breakeven player, then over the long run you'll make much less per hour. So when you're sitting at a $0.01/$0.02 table, you shouldn't be worrying about what you're currently up or down. That piece of information is completely irrelevant. It doesn't help you play better poker. For most people, it will usually tend to put them on tilt. For instance: 

You might notice that some of these situations would potentially give you a positive EV even though your cards have you drawing dead. Then your playing real poker, my friend. Just don't do this with idiots or beginners, as the great Doyle Brunson sagely put in Super System I: "you can't bluff an idiot." Here is a link to a good article on the subject: Sure, the basic EV calculations say to either bet, call or fold based on card odds vs pot odds. Usually, you're only really looking for a positive or a negative EV. However, when you start playing against better players, you need to work on maximizing your EV to get the most value of a particular situation. This gets into implied odds and equity. 

Cards Chat: Expected Value & Poker Explained 

The idea behind poker, especially tournament poker, is to maximize your win when the opportunity presents itself. Simple EV can "leave money on the table" so to speak. If you can maximize your EV you'll, over time, simply win more money/chip is a shorter period of time. And money/chips over time is how we keep score in poker.