Another source you could consult is Gilder Lehman's lesson plan on propaganda The correspondence committees - the US contribution to revolution world wide. These were crucial to the transformation of multiple independent resistance movements into a single coherent revolution. 

At the time, Arms Control was a significant national issue; today's problems blind us to how important we perceived the issue at the time. How can we explain this? I'm afraid that I cannot list a single, succinct resource, but I think the discussion below relies on Gordon Wood's American Revolution - I have similar information from a bunch of diffuse sources. The full article discusses the implications of the slavery problem in more detail and some of the other controversies surrounding Texas' admission. The new US was an economic disaster. Government officials abandoned their posts and refused to be re-appointed because the government couldn't pay them. State governments were in severe debt and many were close to default. As a result of these factors, there simply wasn't money with which to pay people. Almost everyone used scrip or barter. Being paid in whiskey was no more unusual than being paid in tobacco, or bacon, or any other good. If anyone had tried to make it illegal, they probably would have faced laughter rather than revolution. Political and civic institutions in the US had a different relationship to the church because there was (rather quickly) no established church. The CoE never established a strong presence in the US - as a matter of fact, the last time I was in Williamsburg VA, they were speculating that the absence of CoE clerical positions had a significant effect on the eventual rebellion. That argument is a bit more complicated that I can shoehorn into this answer. Finally there is the question of whether we should have a unified military service (like the Canadians), or a branched military service (like US and UK and many other nations). That's not really appropriate for History. The answer to that question is entirely political. There are entrenched stakeholders who prefer things the way they are, and that kind of reform simply isn't the highest priority. Changes to the military are very costly -both in terms of dollars and mission effectiveness. Unless there is a compelling reason to make the change, it probably isn't a good idea. Texas was larger than any other four states; even if that doesn't logically make a difference, it permitted classes of compromises that wouldn't have been possible with smaller states. I infer that they thought a state the size of TX deserved special treatment. (All my friends from TX will support that conclusion).