As per ICC Standard Playing Conditions, the minimum and maximum size of the playing surface. Law 19.1 of ICC Test Match Playing Conditions states: The short answer is NO. Home team is not supposed to set the boundary as they wish. Some rules are applied for boundary setting as well. Even though the home team is responsible for setting up the ground. 

They can set the boundary as long as they follow the above rule. But the above rule doesn't give the freedom to reduce the boundary a lot. It should be a minimum of 65 yards and max of 90 yards. So the chances of setting a boundary as mentioned in question is very less. This is really a good question. As per wikipedia: And yes, what you have mentioned is possible. But if a fielder throws the ball after picking from the ground it won't be a six, but a four. So it will be 9 runs. 

Update: He was once again out for first ball duck in this match. Mohammad Irfan took his wicket. 

Here is a commentatory from cricinfo which indicates this: Theoretically it is possible to score as many runs as possible since none of the cricket laws are putting a limit on that. So the answer is infinity. This was one of the reasons why the player's dress color was changed from white to colors so that the ball can be spotted very easily in ODIs and T20s. 

It is not unlawful to field between bowler and side screen. In fact there is a fielding position for that and it is called straight hit. In cricket how does someone become an umpire at international level? Is there some procedure for this? How are they selected and what is the criteria for this? 

Chigumbura to Mominul Haque, OUT, guess what's happened again, won't be too hard, another one has given it away, Mominul tries to punch a good length ball through extra cover, instead, he's scooped it for the man at extra cover to take a dolly, Mominul had got across and was close to the line, tried to slap it away on the up in the end but it bounced Mominul Haque c SW Masakadza b Chigumbura 23 (66m 41b 2x4 0x6) SR: 56.09