The question of when to address coloring inside the lines is actually a question of child development, especially fine motor skills. 

What we see here is that around the age of 3, children start being developmentally capable of trying to stay in the lines. This has to do with a combination of cognitive ability, grip, and fine motor control. 

For instance, he loves to push all the buttons on toys in stores, especially on trucks and cars. However, some of them are very loud and/or have motorized parts. Like your son, he'll sometimes be afraid of them. He'll come to us and hug our legs, or back off from the toy and move on. 

Children will go through a variety of stages of development with regard to drawing, including a stage of scribbling1: 

I think even toddlers can feel some of this frustration. Here's how I'd mitigate it: 

When should you actually tell children to stay within the lines? There may be a time when it's appropriate to advise your child to specifically be mindful of the lines. This would be a time after you know they've already developed enough to be capable of minding the boundaries, but for reason they aren't doing so. 

I suspect that if my son could not communicate so well with us, we would spend considerably more time failing to communicate than we would ever spend teaching him these simple concepts. The nature of this assertion, however, makes it nearly impossible to study scientifically. 

I expect this to happen sometime around age six. Six years old is frequently seen as a delimiter between stages of artistic/fine motor development in children. This chart, Drawing Development in Children, shows that two other drawing development experts believe a new stage of drawing development starts around age six. 

While I'm primarily interested in solution because of the foreseeable hospital visit for the birth, I'm not solely interested in a solution for that time. After that there will be appointments for my wife and new one that I'd like to be present for, and likely when we won't have "help" available to watch our oldest. 

Also explain that while other children and people are allowed religion, that is not bad, just different. She will still need to deal with these people and you don't want her going around telling people that their religion is bad for them as it will not make her social interactions any better. 

The second conflict will probably be with your family and perhaps broader society, who will not understand. That depends a lot on the people around you and is probably out-of-scope for this question, so I'll just leave it with the general warning. 

The biggest issue here is most likely not the "animals eat each other", which is very abstract, but rather the watching NatGeo, which intentionally tries to make you feel a relation with the animals they are showing. 

Treat it like any other rule where you and society disagree on how to raise your child. Imagine if you said "I don't want my child to drink soda until she is 20", and go from there. 

Instead use material geared more towards children, which will give them the same basic information. Alternatively, visit nature education centers, which likely also talk about this topic but in a less troubling way for toddlers. 

As she gets a bit older, you will probably need to switch to justifying the rule somewhat, as children will start to ask why they are not allowed things. "Religion can have a huge impact on your life and should not be started with lightly" is probably good enough for quite a while. 

Prepare for conflict This comes in two flavors. First up; pretty much any child will start rebelling against the parents around puberty. So at that point, your child might start showing an interest in religion. They might try to get involved with a religion in secret, which could be dangerous. I would personally recommend allowing them to go to meetings under your supervision, but considering that is still a decade off, it might be completely different by then. 

Setting the rule Explain that other people do differently Your child will observe that others behave differently from her and are allowed to do things she is not. This happens with every kind of restriction others do not have. When she is very young, she might not understand, so you will need to remind her that you are the parent and you make the rules. 

My suggestion would be not to watch nature documentaries meant for adults with toddlers, because they will get distraught over the fact that these documentaries intentionally try to make them feel sad about what happens to the animals in them.