In short, it's a dictatorial power grab 

7 Executive Order 13,295 limits the diseases for which individuals may be quarantined to only those diseases included on its list. See Exec. Order No. 13,295, 68 Fed. Reg. 17,255 (Apr. 4, 2003); See also Exec. Order No. 13,375, 70 Fed. Reg. 17,299 (Apr. 1, 2005) (amended Exec. Order No. 13,295 by adding "influenza caused by novel or reemergent influenza viruses that are causing, or have the potential to cause, a pandemic."). 

Of course, even if you can economize a specific policy on scale (e.g. negotiating medical costs visavi Obamacare, in theory), that still runs smack into the other downsides of having a federal policy, both #1 (you impose Obamacare on ~50% of the country that hates it by force); and #3 (if Obamacare is a bad policy, there's no way to easily tell because it's not like we have a duplicate USA that doesn't run Obamacare and serves as a control group for an experiment). 

As such, the 12th Amendment to the US Constitution will kick in: 

Second, some Native American cultures practiced religious sacrifice: 

The security officials can (and in case of certain high level positions, should - according to the rules) brief Congress. Which obviously acts as check and balance on the Executive branch - by either passing laws; or holding impeachment hearings, or other less drastic ways of influencing the Executive branch. 

The Australian Constitution may declare that the Crown refers to the Queen's heirs and successors in the sovereignty of the UK, but the Queen in question was Victoria, and there have been some major changes since then. Australia is now an independent, sovereign country, and its monarchy is no longer legally identical to that of the UK. They may share a monarch and a line of succession, but that's only because the parliaments of the two countries decided to coordinate. 

By implication, without that act of the Australian Parliament, a change to UK succession made by the UK Parliament could result in the Sovereign of Australia being different from the Sovereign of the UK. 

It's also come up in a few citizenship-related court cases (e.g. Sue v Hill, Nolan v Minister for Immigration and Ethnic Affairs), in which someone who was a citizen of another Commonwealth realm made them an alien or a citizen of a foreign power. The Australian courts have cited R v Foreign Secretary; Ex parte Indian Association, a case brought in England to enforce obligations of treaties between the UK and Canadian Indians from the 18th century. The English courts responded by saying that the position that the Crown was a single indivisible monarchy was no longer tenable in 1982, and that the position had been split up. The Canadian treaties with the Queen of Great Britain were now obligations of the Queen of Canada, and had to be enforced in Canadian courts. While the Australian Constitution is interpreted by Australian courts (not British ones), they have agreed with the English analysis. 

China puts Xi’s name in constitution. It is strange (for me) to put a politician name in constitution (specially when the politician is not the founder of that Gov.) do you know a similar case in the other countries? 

Also Assembly of Experts Legislate for Assembly affairs. 

The point is in your statement: "select the next Supreme Leader if he dies." The Leader is not selected for lifetime; He must have and preserve qualifications and conditions (articles 5 and 109) to remain leader. Assembly of Experts have supervision duty, to check if the Leader qualifies and preserves these conditions; If not he will be dismissed. 

Article 111: Whenever the Leader becomes incapable of fulfilling his constitutional duties, lacks one of the qualifications mentioned in Articles 5 and 109, or it becomes known that he did not possess some of the qualifications initially, he will be dismissed. The authority to determine this matter is vested with the experts specified in Article 108. In the event of the death, resignation, or dismissal of the Leader, the experts shall take steps within the shortest possible time for the appointment of the new Leader.