Our source is the same: We all sprang from one root and there are many branches, more will come as time passes. First, there was only the Jewish religion. Secondly, Christianity sprang up from Judaism and the Third is Islam. Now, Mormons, Bahai and so on.... More branches will keep on coming. 

Jesus came to make a completion to the Law of Moses, which was in fact given by Himself. God set a standard that man should follow. Since man cannot complete the Law, God himself came as Jesus Christ to complete the Law He himself had made. The Law of Moses demands the Blood of an innocent lamb for the forgiveness of sins. Jesus became the innocent Lamb and sacrificed himself to God in fulfillment of the Law. Since Jesus had to complete the Law, he had to follow the Law, which in turn made him appears to follow Judaism religion. In contrast, He is the author of Judaism religion and the creator of the new covenant, Christianity. 

The methodology is simple. Prayer, Fasting and Commanding in the name of Jesus Christ. But it is not easy. Method is simple, but not easy to carry it out. It needs a lot of faith, personal relationship with God and patience. 

Why can't we believers in Christ just have one book? Protestants have 66 books in the Bible. Roman Catholics have 73. If you compile all these books (66 or 73) into one book and call it The Holy Bible, then of course, we have exactly one book! We have many versions of the Bible because of translation issues. 

Some evil spirits are so powerful that it require more prayer and faith. 

"Hell/Lake of fire/ Second death:" We will go to Hell after we die if we do not accept the salvation offered by Jesus Christ. Revelation 20(NIV) has something to say about this. 

The Law of Moses(Torah) commands to stone to death anyone who misuse or blaspheme the Name of God. 

Was Jesus a Jew? Yes. He was born and raised up in a Jewish family and that was also from the descendant of King David. 

If the people shouted "Hosanna" in order to praise Jesus merely as a great Prophet, it would be easier to shout "Crucify him!" later when they were disappointed by his acts. 

The word Hosanna has many meanings: "help", "save, I pray", "Save, now!" or Praising etc. 

What was the intention of the people of Jerusalem when they shouted Hosanna? 

Why are there so many Bible translations? Because, the original languages of the Bible are very old and no one speaks them anymore. The Old Testament Hebrew and the New Testament Greek are no longer spoken today. Scholars are still trying their best to produce the original meaning but there is always debates and different opinions on how to translate it correctly.