The winged disk in Ancient Egypt usually represents the god Horus-Behdety, and yes it is known from the Old Kingdom. 

The Roman Empire had extended beyond the Euphrates since the second century CE. 

It looks like a modern tourist souvenir. The inscription actually reads NAX IOIA. It is likely that many of the ancestors of modern Kurds came from the the Fertile Crescent. It is quite possible that "The land of Karda", mentioned on a Sumerian clay-tablet from the 3rd millennium BC is the earliest reference to a "Land of the Kurds". If so, the Kurds might have originated from an area to the south of Lake Van. However, we must remember that the development of agriculture was perhaps some 5000 years before the development of writing. Any suggested link between a possible Sumerian mention of a "Land of the Kurds" and the people that invented agriculture 5000 years before is tenuous at best. We actually have a lot of good evidence written by workers from that period. The bulk of that evidence comes from the workers' village of Deir el-Medina which housed the men who built the tombs in the Valley of the Kings (and their families) during the 18th to 20th dynasties (Ramesses II was 19th dynasty). The authors then analysed samples from later burial layers. Although the dominant haplogroup was again haplogroup C, the evidence: 

The object is a "Torch of Apollo": The creation, and expansion, of a permanent military force, spread across the empire and with each part loyal its own general, who was appointed by the Senate, added a military wing to those senatorial factions. 

Chunxiang Li, Chao Ning, Erika Hagelberg, Hongjie Li, Yongbin Zhao, Wenying Li, Idelisi Abuduresule, Hong Zhu and Hui Zhou: Analysis of ancient human mitochondrial DNA from the Xiaohe cemetery: insights into prehistoric population movements in the Tarim Basin, China, BMC Genetics, 2015, 16:78 Now, as I've said several times, we can never be certain. The texts are just not sufficiently explicit. But with that caveat, it seems to me far more likely that he remained with his army, in a "fort" constructed as part of the Egyptian siege-works, and located to the east of Megiddo.. The Digest of Justinian states: Thousands of these documents have been transcribed and published, and thousands more remain to be transcribed in the ongoing project. The records were written by people at all levels within the village society, women as well as men. Since these workers were directly employed by the Pharaoh, you will find a lot of evidence which will help you determine whether Ramesses II was indeed an effective king, and also whether his successor, Merneptah, was any better or worse. It is probably not surprising that the people who built the tombs of the Pharaohs also had pretty spectacular tombs themselves, and you can get a lot of information from the inscriptions in these tombs. Perhaps more important though are the records of the daily life of the villagers in the form of letters and many other documents written on papyrus and ostraca (including a record of the first known workers strike in history during the reign of Ramesses III).