No! This goes in the wrong direction altogether. 

Most of the existing privileges have an effect that's visible immediately. You can observe them passively or quickly find a way to use them, at least if you participate in activities other than asking and answering. Ok. From a moderator's perspective there isn't that much difference between “rude and offensive” and that — in both cases, a moderator needs to evaluate the context, delete the comment if the flag is warranted and possibly take further action (e.g. mod message). But from flaggers' perspective it's nice to have the “be nice” remember in there. 

Please bring back the directly visible meta link. As a default — I know I can bring it back with a user script, but that's no use to inform users of the existence of meta sites. 

Do not add micro-privileges Micro-privileges intrinsically fail criterion #1: 

If the target site doesn't want the question, the question should not be migrated. That is a problem with the current migration rules. Not the age, but who decides. If the question was on-topic it wouldn't be migrated. If your problem is that on-topic questions are migrated, tell off the people who are migrating on-topic questions. If your problem is with questions that were once deemed on-topic but are now no longer considered so (e.g. the kind of SO questions that were once moved to Programmers), that's a different matter that should be juged on a case by case basis. 

Here's some data on suggested edit review speed. Methodology: I computed the average time between the submission and the approval or rejection of suggested edits over a 1-week period, or over 100 consecutive suggested edits on the few sites that received more than 100 per week. I measured three 1-week period: the week since the top bar went live (it's been a week today, except on MSO and AU; I excluded AU and took the date of the top bar introduction as a reference on MSO), the week before, and the week before. I chose weeks to avoid effects related to the time of day or day of week, and show two weeks before to get a small idea of the variance. For each period, the table below gives the average delay in minutes (rounded down) and the number of suggested edits that this averages over. The last column expresses the new-top-bar value as a percentage of the old-top-bar value (e.g. 100% means no change, 200% means that reviews take twice as long). I only looked at sites with at least 7.75 questions per day, because slower sites tend not to have a statistically significant sample of suggested edits. (7.75 is where the API throttled me out…) I then filtered out sites where there weren't at least 10 suggested edits during the weeks concerned. After going through posts in the /review page, one of the trends that I noticed was that very few non-answers were upvoted at all. Now that results are presented in random groupings if a query has more than a certain number of results, there isn't a way to sort these results by votes or by those which perform worst on the review algorithm. I'm not sure that I'd want this account auto-deletion, because it might make hunting down other spammers a little harder. (See my update below.) 

Finally, I use their account as a launching-off point and examine others that have shared a location with this one. This has helped me track down rings of spammers that somehow slipped through the cracks (or were upvoted during our recent /review shenanigans). If the account had been auto-deleted, I would not have been able to perform this kind of investigation. Only when all spammers from that location have been dealt with do I destroy the account(s). I propose that answers deleted via five Recommend Deletion votes from the review queues require the normal three undelete votes that posts deleted using regular community delete votes do. This would prevent users from bringing back their non-answers after the flags on them had been cleared, potentially allowing non-answers to come back and clutter up the site. 

Now as much as I hate recruitment agents (95% of them are utterly useless and actually impede getting the right person) they do do something: they filter candidates (often badly but still...), act as an umbrella (for insurance purposes and payroll) for contractors and the like. All up, it's all just a little odd. It would be really useful to be able to browse my own questions like I can all questions and that is by one or more tags. Sometimes I'm looking for a particular question to reference and just can't find it (without google) but I'll have a fair idea of what it's tagged. 

Consider the Joel on Software job board, where you pay ~$350 for an ad and nothing as a candidate. Will the market on SO Careers be sufficiently bigger or better? I have my doubts. After all, what does SO Careers offer really? A link to your profile? I can put that on my CV in any case. I know little about the US recruitment market but in Europe and Australia, traditional recruitment agencies work like this: 

I commented on this also, although not from the point of view of startups. 

Lastly: startups. Not an area I'm particularly familiar with but if HN is to be believed, it works to a much greater degree on word-of-mouth than traditional recruitment. That being said, I kind of agree that if you're going to spend $100k+ (including on-costs) on employing someone for a year, spending even $5k to find the right person is cheap. But I guess cash flow can be an issue too.