Comment on Business Relations with the US/Americas Nowadays, an unskilled worker has a take home pay of about $12 an hour or about $500 per week. In 2 months, that is $4,000, enough to buy a decent car. For example, I drive an old Volvo 850 with leather seats, power everything and a sunroof which cost me $3,000 in cash. In 1941 when war was declared all vestigial business that the US was doing with Germany through third parties was ended. There is a similar system local to Naples called the carbonari, but this was never developed to the extent of the mafia. The Carbonari had the same origin as the Mafia, resistance to foreign invaders. If the British blockade was not sufficient, changes to the Neutrality Act in 1939 gave Roosevelt the power to declare war zones and make it illegal for American citizens and ships to enter those zones. By declaring all of the Axis-controlled places "war zones" Roosevelt accomplished a de facto blockade of Germany even though the US was technically "neutral". (7) If you got jailed, then what happened is that the British or Americans "interrogated" you which means they beat you with rubber hoses. The more they thought you were hiding, the more you got beaten. Other tricks were used as well, like stool pigeons. If evidence was found against you, or you confessed to a war crime, you got bumped up to war criminal status and were tried at Nuremberg. About 5000-10,000 got convicted overall, depending how you count. If no evidence was found against you, you were released in anywhere from 6 months to 4 years, depending on re-education. If you renounced Nazi-ism and acted like a good British/American, you got out earlier, otherwise later. For SS, release in under a year was very rare. Like the French, the British gave them the choice of becoming British. For SS from eastern zones, they always chose to become British, because otherwise they would be released to the Poles or the Soviets (see 1 above). Note that in both France and England, becoming a "citizen" actually meant becoming a slave, because all such Germans were sent to forced labor and essentially becoming slaves for years. Some Germans were enslaved for nearly 10 years. In 1954, various treaties and agreements led to the final release of these men. Fowler was dispatched all along the Seaboard Airline Railroad the same as a passenger train; and his manager Charles L. Young was posted every few moments in this way. As soon as Fowler was announced to be within 17 miles of the City of Jacksonville everyone seemed to loose their every thought of business, and spent the few moments watching for him to put in an appearance. When he was finally sighted at 4.30 the crowd at the Moncrief Race track seemed to go wild, and Aviator Max Lillie in his Wright biplane, dashed into his machine and flew away like mad to meet him he was immediately followed by Harold Kantner in his Moisant monoplane. The two aviators flew toward Fowler to greet him as best they could in the air. then circled Fowler, and escorted him toward the field. Lillie landed first to show Fowler the way. Fowler then circled the field 3 times and gave several dips and spiral dives that made the crowd stand up and yell with all their might. He then landed and was followed by Kantner. Fowler had been in the air but 90 minutes but it was a very cold day and he was almost frozen. After being given a right royal reception he was escorted to an automobile and rushed to the Seminole hotel where he was made the guest of honor. The evening was spent in trying to make Fowler feel at home, and he was given the key to the city and told to go as far as he liked. The reason why your source does not give the starting location (Los Angeles) is because it took him months to do it due to weather and other delays, so the arrival notification just included the final legs: Arkansas, California, Colorado, Dakota, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Maryland, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, Nevada, Ohio, Oregon, Vermont and Washington. In 1900 voting age was 21 in nearly all states.