After you click on "Get Report", you will find 19 pitchers who have hit postseason home runs. But it only shows 10 of those names, since you have to subscribe to see the entire list. Just go back to the search form, click the "Use ascending order" box, and click "Get Report" again to see the rest of the names. 

Then on October 3, 2015, Max Scherzer of the Washington Nationals struck out 9 straight New York Mets while throwing a no-hitter. (link) 

for "Batter's Defensive Position", make sure only "P" is checked (this will include any position player who hit a home run in a game that he made an appearance as a pitcher) According to this ESPN article, the Elias Sports Bureau says Adrian Gonzalez set a new record by hitting 5 HRs in the first three games of the season: 

Aaron Harang's nine straight strikeouts on April 13, 2012 came in the first 3 innings, after he gave up a single to the leadoff batter in the first inning. (link) If a runner is at first base, you can have the runner try to steal second base to get into scoring position. A runner at second base has the potential to score on a single. He enters the game with a lead of no more than three runs and pitches for at least one inning; Five pitchers have done it. This ESPN article from April 14, 2012 lists the following three occurrences: 

(a) He is the finishing pitcher in a game won by his team; The Baseball-Reference.com Batting Game Finder has data going back to 1903. To get the list of pitchers who have hit home runs in the postseason, make the following setting changes on that page: Then on September 27, 2012, Doug Fister of the Detroit Tigers struck out 9 straight Kansas City Royals batters. (link) 9 -- Aaron Harang, L.A. Dodgers vs. San Diego, April 13, 2012 

9 -- Ricky Nolasco, Florida at Atlanta, Sept. 30, 2009 

The runners on base at the time of a pitching change are called inherited runners, and if any of them score, the run(s) are considered given up by the pitcher who allowed them on base (in your example that is Pitcher A). 

The MLB rules state the following about saves: He enters the game, regardless of the count, with the potential tying run either on base, or at bat or on deck (that is, the potential tying run is either already on base or is one of the first two batters he faces); or 

If a hitter gets on base but is a slow runner, you can substitute a faster runner (a pinch runner) for him to decrease the chances of the runner being thrown out at another base and to increase the chances of him scoring from second base on a single. He pitches for at least three innings.