Or if an important point of the scene is that the heroine is looking incredibly beautiful and wildly sexy, going on at length about how just what and how much she is showing could help to build the mood. Make clear exactly why all the men can't take their eyes off of her, etc. 

Of course the aliens wouldn't even know the word "Earth" as presumably they don't speak English. I'd guess that you are writing your story in English (or whatever your native language is), and all dialog is assumed to be translated from the alien language into English. In such a case, calling their planet "Earth" would just be confusing. Earth is the (English) name of our planet, not theirs. Likewise it wouldn't make much sense for them to call themselves "humans". "Human" doesn't mean "us", it is the name of a specific species. You could debate more general terms. I presume aliens would call themselves "living beings". (Unless you're supposing they are not "living" in some sense.) Of course aliens wouldn't call themselves "aliens", they'd consider Earth people to be aliens. Etc. 

The Hero's Journey is really just a catalog of elements that are commonly found in epic myths and popular folktales from around the world. According to the theory, they have profound psychological resonance, but even the original source stories don't include all the elements in every story, or consistently present them in the same order. 

My single best piece of advice for you? Start a blog, and serialize the books you've already completed (publish a little bit each week online). Once you build up a fan base, you can use that as a way to convince a publisher to take a chance on your next book 

No one can really answer this for you, it's about what trade-offs you are personally willing to make. This request sounds ridiculous and off-the-wall the way you described it, but it's the publisher's job to know the market, and maybe he's correct that the "Hoodied Hunter" would be a huge success. Paul Simon's producer didn't even ask him before he edited an electric guitar right over top of Paul's quiet acoustic folk song "The Sound of Silence," but without that intervention, Paul might never have had a career. 

There's not really any official process one can go through to assert ownership of a concept; all you can do is express it as memorably and as well as you can, so that people will be more likely to associate it with you. As Delany, paraphrasing Emily Dickinson, once wrote, "nothing survives except fine execution". Plenty of people have good, even brilliant ideas, but if they aren't well expressed, no one notices or cares. 

If you do decide to accept the hoodie, however, the potential "sloppiness" of the excuse for it is entirely on you. Don't half-step it, or be begrudging --find a way to make it actually work (either straight, or ironic). Otherwise you'll likely be selling out for nothing.