I feel as though you want an answer to this question that analyzes Nietzsche's work against Hegel's and shows how each one could be used to support Nazi ideology. However, I don't think that is the right way to answer this question. The reason that Nietzsche's work was appropriated by the Nazis more often than Hegel's was has nothing to do with the merit or content of their philosophies. The reason is a matter of historical setting. Personally, I don't think that an intellectually honest reading of Hegel's or Nietzsche's work can be used to support Nazi ideology. That being said, intellectually dishonest readings are very common and it is a matter of fact that the Nazis used a lot of dishonest readings of Nietzsche's work to promote their own ideology. 

συγχωρεῖς ἄρα, ἔφην, τοῦτον δεύτερον τύπον εἶναι ἐν ᾧ δεῖ περὶ θεῶν καὶ λέγειν καὶ ποιεῖν, ὡς μήτε αὐτοὺς γόητας ὄντας τῷ μεταβάλλειν ἑαυτοὺς μήτε ἡμᾶς ψεύδεσι παράγειν ἐν λόγῳ ἢ ἐν ἔργῳ; 383α (θεῶν - plural genitive) 

For the sake of more examples to illustrate why people believe that Socrates was monotheistic even though he mentions both the Gods and God, see this excerpt from the Republic: 

So now on to the question of whether Socrates believed in one God or many Gods. The generally accepted answer is that Socrates believed in an ambiguous monotheistic God. This view is similar to (and I hope I do not offend anyone by giving a simplistic view of) the Brahman in Hinduism. Socrates speaks amply of paying tributes to the Gods and that the Gods are virtuous, and yet he also speaks of God being the eternal source of everything that is good. Similarly to how Hindu Gods and Goddesses are aspects of the same singular deity, the Brahman, Socrates believes that the Gods and Goddesses are aspects of the same monotheistic deity. In the original text Plato uses both singular and plural forms of "Theos" much like ancient Hindu texts use the singular and plural form of "Deva" (Sanskrit word for God). Socrates believed that his inner daimonion was his, and all of our, means of communication with this deity. On a monotheistic view it is very similar to how Christian theology considers the Holy Spirit in relation to the Godhead. 

There are illustrations in commentary on the Zohar by Christian Gnostics that show the Tree of Life extended not just the four traditional overlapping layers, but a pile of them stretching back into infinity. This suggests a thread in the Hermetic tradition that presumes the layers are far more numerous, perhaps stretching back infinitely far. 

So these two approaches to infinity cannot be explained in terms of one another, do not overlap in domains of application, and arise from very different points of view. So the answer to the last question is 'definitely not'. There is no single 'infinity' in any system of infinitesimals equivalent to, for instance 'countably many', there are many. And there is no reciprocal of 'continuously many', only of different scales of infinity unrelated to countability or projection. 

4) We do live for evidence of our power: we are story-driven animals. Genes seek power, and we want to see that power in stories we can tell ourselves about ourselves. Again, that is not silly, it is just out of context. Look at the profusion of waste that sustains life. We will do that. All the simple mechanisms have been leveraged enough that this kind of thing is what is needed to move forward. It is actually our attempts to be efficient that are the most wasteful, not our enjoyment of our own power. (You mention building a skyscraper on a fault line -- but that happens because having it there produces efficient profit offsetting the risk. How much self-indulgence does it take to offset that level of investment? Self indulgence is implicitly limited, so I doubt it is even possible.) 

To conclude, it seems a tenable position, but not definitive. In any case, the authors of the New Testament have written what he was supposed to have said, and either one finds it legitimate or not, and therefore lives accordingly or not. I cannot see considering Jesus a philosopher adding or removing legitimacy to that for anyone. 

This is a true statement, but it certainly applies to Socrates, and may apply to Thales, but there is little doubt that they count as philosophers. Leaving behind writings does not then seem necessary to be a philosopher. Of course, in the case of both Thales and Socrates, we primarily know about their philosophy through their students. 

But Jesus was a philosopher in a meaningful middle sense, the sense in which Confucius, Buddha, Muhammed, Solomon, Marcus Aurelius, and Pascal were philosophers. 

(He does dedicate many episodes to ancient Christian philosophers.) 

Jesus is similar - his followers (and his followers' followers) left behind writings explaining his teaching. 

Peter Kreeft has written a book on this very topic. 

One could claim that modern Linguistics is the latest new science, the Chomsky school pulled a critical mass of it away from the anthropological model and into a framework that generates more testable hypotheses. And Chomsky is still alive. But maybe folks are thinking that while its progenitor is still alive, such a change may not be permanent. 

I do not know Cantor's own argument on this account, so I have to skip over your first two questions. But modern mathematicians do not see the two as in any way related, with a few exceptions, although there have been attempts to wrap both up in a single overarching approach. 

Unfortunately we cannot know, because the contents of heresies are not easily preserved with any integrity. This basic doctrine, with one level, invited endless political problems, in that it implies we are right to either worship Satan as a major part of God with an important point to make, or to attempt to worship the God against whom our God had rebelled, rather than worship the dominant God of this universe. That way lies endless repression and ultimate elimination from history.