Narrated Abu Sa'id Al-Khudri: Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) said, "When the believers pass safely over (the bridge across) Hell, they will be stopped at a bridge in between Hell and Paradise where they will retaliate upon each other for the injustices done to them in the world, and when they get purified of all their sins, they will be admitted into Paradise. By Him in Whose Hands the life of Muhammad is everybody will recognize his dwelling in Paradise better than he recognizes his dwelling in this world." 

Therefore, in a case of a spouse with no Muslim family members, the spouse may appoint someone from the community that they trust to be able to conduct the roles required, as this would satisfy the majority of the opinions (included below for your reference). 

Another example is in Al-Ma'idah 5:32 where Allah narrates the story of the sons of Adam, where one kills another to marry his sister, then Allah tells us that it was prescribed upon Bani Isra'īl a specific extrapolation of the act on Judgment Day (whoever kills a soul unless for a soul or for corruption, it is as if he had slain mankind entirely). Note that the verse mentions the specific reasons, and a relevant extrapolation for accountability in front of Allah, but the earthly ruling of punishment remains to be the execution of the murderer. 

From this hadith in Sahih Al-Bukhari #5127 about nikah prior to Islam, one can see that the word nikah can be used as marriage alone, intercourse alone, or both. 

Here it is used as marriage with a guardian (wali), with intercourse being implicit: 

Qualification: Both parties should be qualified for marriage, with no prohibitions (e.g., no prohibition based on religion, relationship, etc.). Offer and proposal: The wali offers the bride in marriage to the groom. Acceptance: The groom accepts the marriage proposal. All three pillars must be in place. The lack of any of these pillars renders the marriage invalid Islamically, and another marriage contract is required for the marriage to continue. 

In accordance with the view of all Shiite jurists, a Moslem man cannot get married (neither temporarily nor permanently) to a non-Moslem woman who isn't of the People of the Book 

With respect to your question that you inquired if this immediately makes him a non-Muslim or not, so, as a rule, (as far as I know) it doesn’t need to pass the time to become non-Muslim, actually whoever confesses that he is not a Muslim anymore, then we ought to consider him as a non-Muslim. 

1: Its intention is not pleasure 

On the other hand, if we suppose that she indeed doesn't believe in Sikh (and just as unreal label ...), consequently it can be elucidated based on available info. in the answer that she is neither Muslim (nor Ahlul-Kitab). So, according to the rule of ... she as a non-Muslim cannot marry a man Muslim. 

On the other hand, for Nikah or marriage, the presentence of witnessed is not necessary (by observing the terms) 

www.islamquest.net / and this link 

I was wondering if Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him and his household) proposed to Khadijah (as the request for the marriage) or Khadijah proposed to the Prophet (s)?