This paper contains a more detailed discussion: Kant was acquainted with so-called natural history his time, i.e. the work of Linnaeus and Buffon. Kant introduced an important distinction between "description of nature" (Naturbeschreibung) and "history of nature" (Naturgeschichte). Only the second can aspire to be science proper. As Kant writes, Aristotle's legacy It is directly formed after Aristoteles distinction between practical wisdom (φρόνησις), and theoretical wisdom (σοφία) (e.g. in Nicomachean Ethics). To get an overview of the actual argument deployed in TD and also get a better grasp on how TD fits into Kant's broader project, you may read a very good summary from a philosophy course at UC Davis. The argument in TD runs as follows: This is why Kant employes a deduction. Kant's "deduction" is not used in the modern sense, but in a way used in German legal language at the time. Here Deduktion meant a proof of the quid iuris (the matter of the law) in opposition to the quid facti (the matter of the fact). As Kant's argument does not involve the rule of law in a literal sense, the analogy that he tries to convey is about a legitimate source of justification not concerned with establishing matters of fact. We can never know the true nature of the objects, only the effect they have on ours senses. From a strictly materialist point of view, Hofstadter's concept of strange loop, and self-representational and higher order theories of consciousness would allow for a machine to reflect upon itself. Broadly speaking, these types of theories assert that conscious arises (or is possible) in systems which have the ability to monitor themselves, or store and process representations of themselves. If a system's repertoire of symbols is complex enough that it can store and manipulate symbols corresponding to itself, then it should be capable of self awareness. All the issue comes down to is the level and complexity of representation that the system is capable of. If one agrees with Quine's argument against Analyticity as being circular and the subsequent dissolution of the Analytic/Synthetic distinction, what is left of Kant's epistemology? Where Kant would diverge from those who adopt the the self-representational theory of consciousness, is that he sees our self-awareness, or reflexiveness, as leading to free-will, whereas the self-representational models don't require or imply freewill at any point. Indeed many from that school believe that we don't have freewill in the traditional sense at all, they are all either compatibilists or hard determinists. So now Kant moves to Book II, the Analytic of Principles. The purpose now is to explain just how the pure concepts of the understanding are applied to or provide rules for determining appearances, for so far he has only described the necessity that they refer to sensuous objects by way of the transcendental unity of original apperception, the bare fact of consciousness. Judgement is the faculty tasked with "distinguishing whether something falls under a given rule or not." Transcendental logic can assist here by pointing out "the case to which each rule is to be applied."(B175, A136) So the first chapter of Book II "will treat of the sensible condition under which alone pure concepts of the understanding can be used, that is, of the schematism of pure understanding."(B175, A136) Still following? To recap, given that we possess pure, a priori concepts that necessarily and strictly refer to sensible objects, how does a non-empirical and non-sensible thing like a pure concept interact with a sensible object?