My daughter is an absolute master at making everything take longer than it needs to (particularly when avoiding something she doesn't want to do, or prolonging something she is enjoying). It is a challenge we've dealt with for a long time and we've done a few things that have helped to keep her focused in the house, like setting up a musical routine for morning and bedtime routines, having a timer around and easily used in every room, etc. I should add that I am suspicious she has an attention deficit problem (her Dad does and having taught adolescent kids with severe ADD, I am quite familiar with a lot of the symptoms that are NOT hyperactivity). The ADD plays a part in this, because I think in some circumstances, she starts out stalling and then manages to forget entirely what it is she is actually supposed to be doing. It also means reminders before-hand about what needs to happen from one location/event to the next are easily forgotten in the moment when distractions and desirables are at play. At home, we have visual and audio cues, a minimal distraction environment. . . The problem increases in severity in other environments. 

To Understand First Some kids fight rules and a sense of "being controlled" by seeking out ways to feel "in control" of their parents. This is especially true in children that experience physical punishment and the negative feelings and sense of shame that comes with being hit by their parents (at least, in cultures where being hit is no longer the standard). 

I have always felt that just as every rose has its thorn and every cowboy sings a sad, sad song, (sorry, song reference - had to do it) but seriously, every gift brings its curse. Where the challenge lies for my little one, is helping her keep it all in balance. Lexile measures are another way to gauge the difficulty level of reading in a book and measure approximately the same thing - they just go about it a different way. HHGTTG is measured at 1000L. For the sake of comparison, The Hobbit is also measured at 1000L. Obviously, I set a better example then that and clean up after myself. 

My inclination is to do what I can to encourage the kids to play at our place and insist my safety rules be followed even if she does visit the other's houses. When she is visiting elsewhere though, how do I politely (to the other parents, I don't really care about being polite on this front with my daughter) insist on things like checking in with me say - before lunchtime, at 2:30ish and before dinner or before switching houses as well as staying within view of my house - there is also a third friend they all like to go "visit." (both parents live within a few blocks from here, but are separated so the other kids go back and forth quite a bit - all houses in question are in view of each-other except the father's house.) 

I explained that in their view we aren't true Christians because we don't believe what they think we are supposed to believe to be Christians. I talked to her about how Jesus taught us about love and forgiveness, so I don't believe their actions and words were Christian under my definition of the word either. I also told her I don't believe any of them are really old enough to truly have chosen a faith yet anyway. I reassured her that it was wonderful to be who she is with or without a faith-label and that there are plenty of good people that are not Christian (her Dad being one of them) as well as plenty of good people who are.