It also helps to know what his regular favorite activities are (perhaps he usually climbs or plays in the sandbox): Clarify that you think it would HELP their daughter to see a professional about it because a professional might be able to offer extra supports for her, as well as helpful suggestions for them and yourself as well as any future teacher that can help her catch up and fit in better in Kindergarten and beyond. 

When your child is using the tactics you refer to as "moody or cranky," state very simply, "I understand you want the magazine, but you have spoiled many of my magazines and books. When you demonstrate you know how to care for them, we will talk again." Then, be a broken record. Just repeat this refrain if he grabs at the book, argues with you, asks for it again, throws a tantrum, etc. You can even repeat the refrain and add, "X behavior is not the way to get what you want." If your child's behaviors persist, offer up a consequence suitable to his behaviors. Your thoughts that gymnastics or karate would both be good options are probably right on, but you might also ask your little one what looks most interesting. Either way you go, there can be quite an expense involved in proper attire and paying for classes. You'll want to know your little one is interested, not totally freaked out and game before you sign the dotted line. 

The articles I read included that research is showing that between grades 1 and 3, children that were redshirted have a lower likelihood of receiving "negative feedback from teachers about their academic performance or conduct in class (Cromwell, 1998; West, Meek, & Hurst, 2000) and need less special education intervention than classmates who were retained as kindergartners for a second year (Kundert et al., 1995; May et al., 1995). However, there is also evidence that some first- through third-graders who were redshirted as children required greater use of special education services than their non-redshirted and non-retained classmates (Graue & DiPerna, in press; May et al., 1995). However, this may be because children with delays might be more likely to be redshirted in the first place. Cause and effect relationships have not been established scientifically and may not be able to be established. If he makes a poor choice, feel badly with him about it, but don't jump in and rescue him from his own poor choice. Remember - it isn't really your problem so you have no reason to be angry about it. When he is behaving in a way that does pose a problem, tell him about your feelings, "I am frustrated because I have asked you to (whatever it is, wash hands for example) and you said you would do it and now you are not. Here is what I am going to do about that." Just make sure your tone and body language are both calm while you tell him about your feelings. If you enroll: discuss your concerns with your child's assigned teacher as soon as you recieve this information. The teacher may have suggestions for activities you can do with your child to help with his/her preparedness or may have information about your specific school or district that will alleviate your fears. Stop talking as though it is already decided that she has a disability. Despite all your experience and expertise you are not a health care professional and it is possible there are other explanations for these concerns. Besides, it is off-putting to parents if you say their child has a disability of any kind, particularly without scholarly evidence. Perhaps she has nothing more than a simple muscular delay. Perhaps there is something super stressful and distracting for her going on at home that you do not know about. . . There really is no knowing exactly what is up until more information can be gathered by an expert. Selfishness can also be referred to as "self care" when in balance, and requiring your daughter to have some quiet time and/or a nap (which is also healthy for your daughter) seems perfectly in balance to me - people who have a job, "at the office" get a coffee break, the ability to use the restroom without a little one staring at them or banging on the door AND a break for lunch - your wife doesn't get any of those things. Even the best, most devoted moms need a little time to themselves - something most three year olds are extremely reluctant to give for more than about sixty seconds (and even that is if mom is lucky) without mom forcing the issue a bit. To help your wife get her personal needs met too, you need to consider her needs just as important as yours and the needs of your daughter's. If your daughter is dropping her naps, your wife is probably getting even less down time than she was previously getting. Perhaps, if you aren't already, you could step in and take over on an afternoon every other week or weekend so your wife can have some girl time with friends or some down time of her own too.