The other answers seems to be answering on the definition of the word hadith, which seems not to be the fundamental question. As many words, the meaning of the word differ according to the context. The verses stated by Sayyid about the word Hadith in the Quran has no connection to your question. But even though this is true, we do have some ahadith about a woman slaughtering: The small group of people that today explain verses like these argue that this really mean to follow the message and not really the messenger. But that statement is fast thrown away if you read through "and those in authority from among you". It's clear that it's talking about a person with authority. Which may be found in this video quoted by Hamza Yusuf, in Suyutis book Aljami' As-saghir, by Tabarani as well as Al-Bayhaqi and it also was declared as sahih by Albani. What is mentioned in the Quran (Surat An-Naml) is Solomon informing them (and her) to surrender: Poetry is allowed (halal) Generally speaking, poetry is allowed. And as in everything else, we learn in usul al fiqh studies if it goes to the opposite of positiveness one may argue that it is haram. So one must first analyse the poetry and its intention. Even if you take a single collection from the 9 collection mentioned above you may find contradictory hadith. I personally suggest you to be very careful about narrating a hadith unless you have studied the required sciences to be able to distinguish between authentic and non-authentic ones and when in doubt do not accept a hadith following Quran's advice (c.f. verses 17:36, 29:8, 31:15), particularly when you see it is not consistent with Quran and hopefully God will guide us to his path. (We are quite sure that Quran is very authentic, although we know there has been minor differences as we have around 14 recitations of Quran, the differences between these narrations are small and reasonable considering the fact that Quran was not collected as a written book and was preserved orally during the prophet's time.) On the other hand Shia consider the following collections as reliable: The Sunni consider the following collections as reliable: I am looking for both Sunni and Shia references and viewpoints regarding this hadith. I tried to find a reference for it by searching on the internet but wasn't successful. Hadithes are historical documents. The way to check the authenticity of a hadith is similar to the way of checking for the authenticity of other historical documents. A major difference is that many hadith has been preserved orally and not in a written form at least for the early centuries so there is no written document dating back to the original time the hadith has been stated. But still some means of checking authenticity of documents still apply, for example existence of multiple independent lines of narration from the source increases the confidence in the authenticity. Usually the persons who have narrated the hadith are also important for confidence. Another basic rule for checking authenticity is that hadith should not contradict what is said in Quran so one also needs to be knowledgeable in Quran and its interpretation which is again a non-trivial Islamic science. There are several major collections of hadith. Some of these are solely collection of all hadith that the author was aware of without vetting for authenticity (the main reason making all claimed hadith available for experts without bias). Others are collections where various amounts of vetting is performed. There are some hadith collection which are considered more reliable (though even in those books you may find contradictory hadith). Shia and Sunni often have different collections because they consider different people in Islam to be reliable sources of hadith, e.g. Shia do not consider a person a reliable source simply because he or she was a companion of the prophet. In cases where there are contradictory hadith (and historically we know there were because of internal wars between Muslims not long after the prophet has passed) one needs to either choose a source to rely on and reject the other or possibly accept only those hadith which are agreed on by all sides. I have heard many times from various people a famous hadith attributed to the prophet that says something like: Can someone tell me the exact wording and give a reference where I can find it? How authentic is this hadtih? Is it considered sahih or mutawatir?