I was playing heads-up NLH $0.01/$0.02 against a relatively solid player. We were 200BB deep. See the action of the hand below: 

888's structure is 4-handed as opposed to pokerstars' 3-handed games. This increases variance. They are playing heads-up effectively 24BB deep. This deep heads-up it could be a good strategy to limp with your entire range on the button, which will be 90-95% of hands. A limp with J⋄5♠ on the button from caecilius seems good and a check from BrynKenney makes a lot of sense as well. Raising from the big blind doesn't make a lot of sense. At this stackdepth you are never really bluffing from the big blind pre-flop and Q♥7♣ is simply to weak to do so. Note: going to the flop both players have super wide ranges. I personally think 9s8s is a perfect hand to bluff with in this spot as a bluff, because the hand plays really well this way. When called against a set or one/two pair, you still have equity. But the most important part is you fold out hands that have you completely crushed like suited aces, kings, or queens with spades. Or perhaps UTG was trapping pre-flop with ace king. Your opponents simply have to fold these draws since they are not getting the right odds. If you'd just call you might get into trouble and run into a bigger flush or straight when you hit. Also, 98 does not block some weak hands your opponents might have that have to fold to a jam: AT, KT, QT, KQ, As5s etc. Now regarding the values. Just the values is not enough information for a computer. A lot of players use HUD's and thus these values to help them make decisions. The values alone are not enough to make the decisions. Let me explain why these values do not provide full information and why it is impossible for these values to have an optimum. 

Check-calling, the more conservative option, doesn't allow your opponent to outplay you, but I think you might lose some value. 

Say your opponent is getting 3 : 1 versus your river bet. So you fired a half pot sized bet. If he continues with less than 1/3 of his hands, then that would be exploitable. So in that case, your bot should be bluffing him more often. However, the bot will not always fire half pot. The bigger the bet on the river, the more often your opponent should fold. Only his fold percentage on the river is not enough information to possibly exploit him. Similarly there is no optimal folding percentage on the river for your bot. Should you bluff? No, your hand is too strong. Should you valuebet? No, your hand is too weak. You have a clear check and if your opponent bets you have a decision to make. Luckily you didn't have too. 

On the turn you can go either way. I don't mind to keep betting, since your hand is still pretty strong, but you should not bet full pot. Doing this will force your opponent out of the pot with the weak hands you want him to call with. At this point you can't really protect against draws other than straight draws. The board is less wet, so you should bet smaller. Poker is not yet a solved game. An optimal strategy has not yet been found. Trying to implement your or someone else's knowledge into a computer program will only result in a sub optimal version of you/them. If you want to create a bot that can for example beat every human over a long enough sample, you want to take a different approach. Flop comes 5♥8♥6♣, BrynKenney checks the big blind and I like this play. Although there isn't really a pre-flop aggressor, BrynKenney will be checking it over to caecilius on most of the flops. Betting with Q7 doesn't really make a lot of sense. Q high has showdown value, you have the backdoor flush draw and an open-ended straight draw, so a lot of equity, but just not enough to get it all-in at this SPR. Getting raised after you bet the flop just really sucks and by checking BrynKenney avoids this situation. Q7 is for sure good enough to check call. 

There is more content available for 3-handed shortstack games, therefore studying will be easier and with more options to choose from. And also, plenty of other sites have 3-handed structures, so your studying can also be applied elsewhere. 

I will have to get technical, sorry. The river is a very dicey card. I hit my flush, but it also pairs the board. At this point the pot is around $1.20 and we have around $3.40 behind. I think at this point there are three options on the table. (1) Bet-fold, (2) bet-call or (3) check-call. I think, if the first two options are chosen, that it makes sense to bet a normal sizing. 50%-80% or so. Much more makes your range way too polarized and I think you are overplaying your hand. If the third option is chosen I think it makes sense to call at least up to a pot-sized bet.