I have to say the details of deeming a person Kathirush shak wasn't easy to understand (p.418) and not easy to explain. But, if you doubt at least in every third prayer for more than three times then you can deem yourself as Kathirush shak. 

As a plus, if it is convenient for you to attend congregrational prayers and offering your prayers in it gives you peace from this excessive doubting then you must attend the congregration. 

wadi (liquid discharged after urination, provided it has not come in contact with urine, which can be ensured if istibra was performed) wazi (liquid seen after ejaculation) mazi (moisture discharge by a man during wooing or courtship) semen urine 1, 2 and 3 are deemed pak (clean). 4 and 5 are najs (unclean), the release of which invalidates waddu and anything that comes in contact with it is deemed najs too. 

It doesn't invalidate your waddu if you have done Istibra (explained below) after taharat (washed with water). 

This might be confusing. To remove that confusion we have Istibra. If one performs Istibra after urination and liquid is discharged thereafter it is deemed clean even if one doubts whether it is urine or urine came in contact with it. 

What is Istibra? Shortest definition could be, "'milking' of the urethra". It ensures that no more urine is left in the urethra. How does one do that: 

Reference from Ayatullah Sayyid Ali Husaini Sistani: Taharat » Istibra 

It is the liquid that, at times, comes out after urination. If it doesn't come in contact with urine it is clean. 

The scholars of Islam have tried to find a reconciliation between Hadiths like the above and the ones that narrate that the Prophet (pbuh) forbade reading prayers after the Asr, however there is no agreement on this. Some believe that the Prophet (pbuh) did not continue to read this prayer. Others believe that the Prophet (pbuh) read it for a specific reason (i.e. missing the after-the- Zuhr- non-obligatory prayers) but then continued reading it regularly because once he read it, as a prophet, he would make it upon himself to make it his habit and to read it every day. Others consider this prayer to be specific to the Prophet (pbuh). Then there are those who believe that the directives that forbid reading prayers after Asr have abrogated the allowance that can be derived from the above Hadith. However, others have said the opposite, i.e. it is the above allowance that have abrogated the forbidding directives. - Refer to Fat'h al-Bari, Sharh al-Bukhari by Ibn Rajab, 5:78-100 

Note: when we talk about abandoning salat altogether, we mean the Fard Salawat. 

First of all Fardh means obligatory, so when you enter the masjid and the Obligatory is in progress than you must, must, must join the obligatory salaat. Outside of this you can make the sunnahs or not make them, if you do not make them, especially the confirmed sunnah's you have not sinned but you just missed out on making a sunnah prayer and gaining more reward. 

And that is by making Dhuhr and Asr together, making it eight Rak'at, and making Maghrib and Isha' together making it seven Rak'ats, source. 

The reason why we face the Qiblah is, in the days the Prophet Muhammad peace be upon Him came, the Qiblah then was towards Jami' Al Aqsa , so Allah change it to the Kabah to see who would follow and who will not. 

For further reading see this (it is in Arabic). 

The wisdom behind this is that by rising the index finger in salat, it is harmful to Shaytaan in the sense that he is being humiliated and what he invites to. Ibn Ummar mentioned when he raised his finger in salat he said that the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him said):