All the FCC did was repeal a rule it made in 2015. That's it. The Internet is now and has always been the free and open platform we know despite an almost complete vacuum of government regulations of any kind. For the past three decades it has plodded along, doing its thing, and changing the world -- curiously absent of the corporatist apocalypse that Net Neutrality's proponents have been warning us about for years. The answer to your question is all around you. 

Prior to 1974, there was no formal budget process, and no clear requirement that the President spend money the way Congress had actually allocated it. The President could flat-out refuse to spend money at all (known as Impoundment), and there was little Congress could do to force him. That all changed with the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act, which formalized the budget process and limited the President's impoundment powers (Nixon was in office and was embroiled in the Watergate scandal at the time, so he didn't have the political capital to resist the bill's passage). The law requires the President to submit a budget to Congress every year, so he still has a fair voice in budgetary matters, but his budget is just a proposal. The free market made the Internet what it is today. Attempts to monopolize and control it aren't new, but they have thus far failed to do so. If they ever do succeed, then we can talk about Net Neutrality. But for now, the term "Net Neutrality" is just a pleasant-sounding euphemism for "Government regulation of the Internet". And the Internet and all of the players on it large and small have shown us, consistently, time and time again, that there is little need of the government's "protection". 

Clearly, America is a far more religious country than any other developed nation. 

Even despite this, the President still has a lot of discretionary funds that he can spend however he pleases. There is also a lot of wiggle room to creatively interpret congressional intent with budget spending. For example, the President can choose to "prioritize" resources on a certain agenda, or "clarify" that funds allocated for 'X' includes (or precludes) spending on 'Y'. This is usually accomplished through Executive Orders. It is important to remember North Korea's attitude as well. Officially, the Korean War in the 1950's never ended. What the world has been living with is actually a 60-year ceasefire. North Korea and the United States are still technically at war with each other. 

These protections apply to anyone subject to American law. This includes citizens, non-citizen residents, legal and illegal aliens, people living on military basis (whether U.S. citizens or not), and a host of other edge cases (such as foreign contractors who are subject to U.S. commercial law). However, it does not include people in other countries or who are otherwise not subject to U.S. law. 

I haven't been able to find committee rules on the Maryland General Assembly's website, but in the states I am familiar with there is no requirement for the committee to vote on the bill. Many (perhaps most) bills die in committee without any action. 

Rules in the state of Maryland require a committee to work a bill before it goes to the rest of the chamber. If a bill can't get through its committee, it won't have a chance to be voted on in the rest of the legislature. There is no distinction between citizens and non-citizens; Congress just can't make these kinds of laws. State Level Each state may also have their own definition. For example, the state of Kansas has this definition in law (formatting slightly altered from original): 

The text of Title II explicitly says this: 

A common carrier is defined in the same act: Who Don't These Apply To? These protections don't apply to everyone. For example, it would (obviously) be a mistake to think that the U.S. constitution protects Turkmeni protestors in Turkmenistan from action by their own government. Other cases may not be so clear. So where is the line drawn? Why would they? Accusation of having committed a crime does not prevent someone from running for the presidency or being elected. Nothing in someone's criminal history prevents them from being president. There would be no (legal) reason to change the election date. 

Although the committee chair has a lot of discretionary authority, the rest of the committee can force issues through. However, this requires support within the committee. Committee assignments are determined by chamber leadership, so it's possible that the relevant committees are strongly for or against any particular bill. This would make it difficult for a bill to be forced through a community. Citizen-Specific First, it is true that some Constitutional provisions only apply to U.S. citizens. This includes the right to run for office, as well as protection from discrimination in the voting process. Bill Introduction & Committee Process The first step of the process is to have the bill introduced. In my state, it's considered poor taste to deny a bill introduction (although I can't say for sure that norm extends to other states). “No Justice Department, whether under Democrats or Republicans, would prosecute that case,” he said. (ref) 

Update 7/29 I'm a little behind on my news-reading, but Ars Technica has a detailed, technical, and unbiased writeup of what happened, based on all the available public evidence (Comey, the hearing, FOIA requests, the OIG report, etc). I highly recommend reading it for the full context of why Clinton wouldn't have realized she was doing anything wrong, just how wrong she was, and what has been done to prevent this from occurring again, without straying into the debate about whether or not she should have been prosecuted. As for the repercussions, it also has the best summary I've seen: How does the 2016 law differ from what was in place before? Was there any official or authoritative explanation for it given at the time (either from the Legislature floor or from lawmakers talking to reporters)? Was there opposition from any groups who felt it would somehow disenfranchise voters, the way there is for Voter ID laws? Or is it as simple as it seems - just a time saving measure?