I taught my kids not to complain in general about services done for us, and to be gracious. 

We need to model good behavior while acknowledging that everyone makes mistakes and bad decisions. Acknowledging that perfection is not the end result of discipline, but rather what is of importance is an approach to life in general is what makes our mistakes forgivable. 

Similarly, my kids certainly didn't openly admit all their transgressions to me, nor did I expect them to. One of my kids cheated in school. He didn't confess. Once I caught him, once the school caught him. His consequences were very significant, even though I was not the injured party. 

In the end, I think it comes down to modeling the behavior you want in your kids and learning of life lessons. Our kids are not our confessors, but if we transgress against them or in their sight, we do what we want them to do. In my case, that was a sincere apology, a promise to try to avoid that behavior in the future, and restitution when possible. 

If it's nothing that he can identify after trying his hardest, he may just be less strong in reading social cues than his peers, making him act inappropriately towards them. In that case, sincere apologies wherein he needs to practice empathy will help him understand the effects of his behaviors, as will working on empathy at home. He might also benefit from exercises in reading social cues (i.e. how to make friends, or at least stop losing them.) 

You have an 8 yr. old and a 4 yr. old. In children these ages (esp. the younger child), removing tv for week is an ineffective way to discipline, because the discipline is not tied immediately to the action that provoked it. Response to an unacceptable behavior is most effective when it's immediate and consistent. Also, your discipline seems to have consequences not directly related to their behavior: it consists mainly of taking things away, instead of teaching them better behavior patterns. This method is usually called punishment. The goal of punishment is to inhibit unacceptable behavior. The goal of discipline is to help a child change impulsive, random behavior into controlled, purposeful behavior.[1] Although this is extremely common (especially when tired or stressed), equating discipline only with punishment diminishes both the parent and the child: the parent feels lack of control and confidence, and the opportunity for the child to learn good choices and the self-esteem that comes with them is lacking. 

2) Detail the situation. What I've done is gotten down on their level, holding them tight by the side so they can't get away. 

However, an 8yo is greatly different. An 8yo has a much broader understanding of the world, social expectations and contracts placed upon them, and should understand specific definitions of Right and Wrong. A 4yo barely understands that other people can have ownership of things, too. An 8yo can understand the lesson in Cars (basic respect towards other people) that isn't explicitly spelled out in skywriting. 

As For the daughter... (to both of you) Signs of bullying? No. But it is a sign that she's pushing as far as you'll let her get away with it. 

(turning them to face me) That's wrong. You know it, I know it. Don't forget what I told you about lying... That's what happened, right? 

Just to reiterate, these are the things that worked for me. Your mileage may vary, but you asked for ideas and I'm just doing my job around this forum by bringing my own experience into the mix. 

I know that somebody is going to downvote me for going off topic, but screw it... The relationship with both the ex and the kid is all kinda tangled in there together. If you downvote this post, don't be a wuss about it... put in a comment. 

It's quite a recent thing. Sometimes we have done something that we know he will like and because he's in this mode of moaning/crying/wailing we can't communicate to him at all and explain what's going on. We have tried, but because his focus is on making noise, he doesn't hear it. For example, the dialogue goes: "It's time to get dressed for school now" "No." "We'll help you get dressed, but it is time or you'll be late" "No. I don't want to get dressed!" at this point this is repeated for many minutes. Any further negotiations, incentives, consequences; communication of any type is totally blocked because he's just saying the same thing over and over. What should we do to resolve the situation? 

Blackmail is when you make someone to do something for YOUR gain, not theirs. You are trying to teach about consequences which are mostly for THEIR gain, not yours. I understand older children can be mouthy sometimes, but explaining that difference is important. If none of us were taught consequences in an appropriate and safe way, then most likely lots of us would be dead. So it is totally appropriate to say "You need choose to do (something) by the count of three or you will be choosing to have (consequence)", thus putting it in their hands. 

Regardless, you're not blackmailing your kid. You're trying to parent and teach consequences. And you're probably good at it -- you clearly care.