And making that link might not actually be that hard. First, we got usual instruments of police procedure like ip traffic surveillance, seizing the devices of suspects, etc.. And then it might be hard in a cryptocurrency-based economy to do many kinds of business without ever revealing your identity to the receiver of a payment. Order something online? Pay your rent? Your physical address is now linked to your wallet. Pay for something which requires a permit or age verification? Your name and face biometry is now linked to your wallet. Have a job with social security benefits? Pay your taxes? You just handed the link to the government without them even having to issue a warrant. 

Blockchain-based cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin aren't actually that untraceable, because the transfer history of every wallet is public. When cryptocurrencies ever become economically relevant, you can expect law enforcement to put all those currently hyped big data analysis and machine learning technologies to use and data-mine the blockchains for suspicious transactions. If you can then link a person to their wallet, you have proof that they initiated or received those transactions. 

Legislative processes When one of the parties to the agreement is a democratic country, then the negotiation delegation will not actually be authorized to agree to the agreement. They will have to pass it through the parliament first. It's usually easier to push one large free-trade bill through the legislative process than dozens. This is especially relevant for agreements with the EU, because these can usually be shot down by any of the parliaments of the member-states. 

There are of course ways to "launder" cryptocurrencies, for example by sending them through a cryptocurrency tumbler service. But these are equivalent to the money laundering schemes we already have with traditional currency and we can expect that they will be suppressed the same way. So if the wallet you use to receive your salary and pay your taxes has transactions with known cryptocurrency laundering services, then you will likely get into trouble. Just like you will get into trouble in the present world if you regularly show up with a plastic bag full of banknotes at your local bank and try to deposit them without having a good explanation how you obtained them. 

When parts of an agreement are already implemented, those parts are already set in stone and are hard to re-negotiate (not without causing trouble for the companies which made business decisions based on these new regulations). That means the negotiators give up flexibility by pre-ratifiying parts of the agreement. 

With a common currency, this risk was removed and business relations across European borders became a lot easier which benefits the economies of all participating countries. 

Strikes cause publicity damage to the company Why are strikers waving around signs in front of the company building instead of just going home and spending time with their families? Because they want to cause damage to the image of the company. They want everyone to know how bad they are treated and that anyone who buys their products supports exploitation. 

It would also hurt the economy in the state as a whole, because it would not just drive the big banks out of the state but also all the companies which make business with them. 

A free market is, by definition, a market which is not regulated at all. A truly free market only exists in anarcho capitalism. Any state-imposed regulation which affects businesses means that a market is not 100% free anymore. 

However, when the goal is to prevent another banking collapse, such a law would be counter-productive. It would hurt the big banks affected by it and could cause one to collapse, which would result in the feared banking collapse spiral. 

Lobby meddling When there is news of a new trade agreement being negotiated, both industry and citizen lobbies will be on high alert. They will seek the opportunity to get their agenda into the agreement, or at least try to prevent the agreement from totally undermining it. All of them will approach the delegations and try to get their clauses in. Some of them will be successful, which will bloat the agreement text ("Yes, we start free-trading widgets, but only if we both make them without child labor and respect each others patents and produce them carbon-neutral and make them compatible with each others widget-holders").