And, the criteria to judge whether or not a configuration of the universe has consciousness in it is: yes. Since we're talking about it, it does. If it didn't, we wouldn't be capable of raising the question. 

Thus, oddly enough, we're left with basing our judgments upon the authority of others, and going with the study that comes from the source we judge to be most trustworthy. Which leads, of course, to the question of how we evaluate the qualifications of the authorities themselves-- which leads us back to the same list of epistemological warrants. 

As the Sabba Sutta explains, claiming knowledge of something outside of "the all" would be self-defeating: "if questioned on what exactly might be the grounds for his statement, [her] would be unable to explain, and furthermore, would be put to grief. Why? Because it lies beyond range." 

In other words: if treated skeptically, nothing can be satisfactorily justified; all attempts at foundation are ultimately either assumed, circular, or deferred. 

If you are interested in the intersection between Buddhist and Western philosophy, a good place to begin is with Mark Siderits's book, Buddhism As Philosophy: An Introduction. Tom McEvilley's book The Shape of Ancient Thought offers a historical perspective of the inter-connections between the ancient Greek and Indian philosophical traditions. 

You can see: Barry Smith (editor), John Searle, Cambridge UP (2003), page 18: 

The notion of "valid argument" is as old as "formal logic" itself; see Aristotle's logic : 

You can see in SEP The Problem of Induction 

(ii) S believes that P is true, and 

When the hunter notes the traces in the grass, he assume that they has been produced by a beast. 

διάνοια (the second form : reasoning), 

I'm not sure about a set S with n = 3567 elements. 

You can see: Ian Hacking, The Social Construction of What ?, Harvard UP (1999). 

clearly, with n "little, we have no problem to "hold epistemically" (to imagine ? to visualize ?) it. 

Clearly (for me) the problem of induction has not been solved yet (as all interesting philosophical problems ...). 

One of the key-points of rationalist theory is : 

Regarding left/right, you can see the wotk of the French sociologist Robert Hertz (1881 – 1915) : 

The different way in which the collective consciousness envisages and values the right and the left appears clearly in language. There is a striking contrast in the words which in most Indo-European languages designate the two sides. [...] The same contrast appears if we consider the meaning of the words 'right' and 'left'. The former is used to express ideas of physical strength and 'dexterity', of intellectual 'rectitude' and good judgement, of 'uprightness' and moral integrity, of good fortune and beauty, of juridical norm; while the word 'left' evokes most of the ideas contrary to these. 

Of course, a more "correct" answer has to take care of Al-Ghazali use of "knowledge" and of his interpretation of Aristotle's theories : 

(iii) S is justified in believing that P is true. 

The issue is that, according to JTB theory, the conclusion : "Jones owns a Ford, or Brown is in Barcelona" appear to be knowledge because it is true (item (i)) : it's a fact that Brown is in Barcelona, and it is believed by Smith (item (ii)) and is justified by a correct use of inference rules (item (iii)) : 

Despite my better judgment, I'm going to try to flesh out this answer a bit. 

So, "the all" is defined as the six senses plus the domains of each of the senses. 

Fortunately, it is available in English translation, ubiquitous at libraries, cheap in paperback, and easy to read. 

As the Sabba Sutta explains, claiming knowledge of something outside of "the all" would be self-defeating: "if questioned on what exactly might be the grounds for his statement, [her] would be unable to explain, and furthermore, would be put to grief. Why? Because it lies beyond range." 

In short, if questions of interpretation interest you at all, there's not much point in going any further before you have grappled with this text. 

Some of these are spelled out explicitly, as axioms. 

Put another way: "the all" anything that is capable of being experienced in any manner whatsoever. 

Perception Inference Analogy Authority Now, with this in mind, let us take a case where you have a number of scientific studies with conflicting results, and you wish to form an opinion as to which is most reliable. Which of the aforementioned warrants could be used to lend credence to one or another study? 

If you are interested in the intersection between Buddhist and Western philosophy, a good place to begin is with Mark Siderits's book, Buddhism As Philosophy: An Introduction. Tom McEvilley's book The Shape of Ancient Thought offers a historical perspective of the inter-connections between the ancient Greek and Indian philosophical traditions. 

There exists a seminal text in hermeneutics, which stands as the sine qua non for all later work in the field: Truth and Method, by Hans-Georg Gadamer. Attempting to discuss hermeneutics without reference to Gadamer would be like trying to discuss physics without recourse to Newton-- you'd spend half of your time reinventing his vocabulary, even if you wanted to disagree with him. 

Now, as to your more specific question: the canonical source on this matter is SN25.23, the Sabba Sutta, where "the all" is defined as: "Simply the eye & forms, ear & sounds, nose & aromas, tongue & flavors, body & tactile sensations, intellect & ideas." 

And, the criteria to judge whether or not a configuration of the universe has consciousness in it is: yes. Since we're talking about it, it does. If it didn't, we wouldn't be capable of raising the question.