This does not address whether such a thing is likely to happen; the monarchy is central to British national identity, and current opinion polling puts support for a republic in the UK at about 19%. 

As Prime Minister, Theresa May has the authority to conduct international negotiations on behalf of the UK, including Brexit talks with the EU. Any deal she makes will subsequently be voted on by Parliament. Of course, May cannot guarantee she will be able to win that vote; but this is not a barrier to the talks going ahead. 

2) Voters aged 59 or over in 2016: This group voted between 60% and 64% Leave. 

The relevant US law is the Foreign Agents Registration Act, which covers agents who act "at the order, request, or under the direction or control" of a foreign power. 

Neither is exactly the same as the VIBRs, but in the absence of better data this is the closest we can get. The difference in voting results is striking, going from two-thirds Remain to almost two-thirds Leave. In theory, any of these would comply with the letter of the law and allow the party leader to serve as Prime Minister. In practice, there would be very strong public demand for the Prime Minister to be a member of the House of Commons, so option (3) would probably be chosen. 

Additional notes: The above has a lot of caveats like "conventionally" and "expected". Under the UK's unwritten (non-)constitution, many things are settled by custom and precedent. British government is to a large extent made up by the participants as they go along. In practice: No. The government of the UK depends very heavily on unwritten conventions. If an action violates convention, it is not in any practical sense possible, even though the letter of the law may seem to allow it. Although most government bills are introduced in the House of Commons (HoC), parliamentary time is a scarce resource, and for reasons of scheduling bills are sometimes introduced in the House of Lords (HoL) instead. The bill must still be debated in and passed by the HoC at a later stage. 

In the UK, a Prime Minister is appointed by the Queen, not by Parliament. Following an election, the previous government continues in office until the incumbent Prime Minister resigns. 

At the time Elizabeth II became Queen, succession in the UK was sons in order of age, followed by daughters in order of age. So a younger son would take precedence over an older daughter.