Bernard Williams provides detailed analysis of ego cogito ergo sum argument in Descartes, The Project of Pure Enquiry. A recent question about the Plato's formula K=JTB (knowledge is justified true belief) made me curious as to what Kant thought on the matter. In the prefaces and the Introduction to the first Critique knowledge is mentioned in every other paragraph, but surprisingly Kant never spells out what he means by it, or mentions JTB. He distinguishes empirical and a priori knowledge, and even pure and impure a priori knowledge. He is very pragmatic on empirical knowledge saying that "empirical judgement never exhibits strict and absolute, but only assumed and comparative universality (by induction); therefore, the most we can say is — so far as we have hitherto observed, there is no exception to this or that rule". Of course he did. But I can not think of a justification available to Aristotle that wouldn't equally justify that Sun revolves around the Earth. Yet "Aristotle knew that Sun revolves around the Earth" would be seen as a misuse of "knew". Did Aristotle know that water is heavier than air? Sure, but to him it meant that the natural place of air is above the natural place of water. Are we still answering "yes"? Did he know that the universe is finite? Did Newton know the law of inertia? Keep in mind that to him inertial motion happened relative to the absolute space, and means of formulating the law without it weren't worked out until late 19th century. Did Eistein know about the dark energy? Cosmological constant was introduced to stabilize the universe, not to accelerate its expansion. This Kantian fusion was directly inspired by Einstein's musings about the role clocks, rulers, masses, etc., played in interpreting relativity physically. According to Friedman, "in Carnap's Logical Syntax of Language we find a revival of the relativized a priori in something very like Reichenbach’s original sense". Carnap saw Kuhnian paradigms as a historicized version of his linguistic frameworks. Friedman himself takes Reichenbach’s distillation of Einstein's blueprint, along with Cassirer's framework, as starting points for encapsulating Quinean and Kuhnian relativism into a multiscale hierarchical model of evolving scientific knowledge, see e.g. his Einstein, Kant, and the Relativized A Priori.