I'm interested in non-Calvinist viewpoints, because I believe that I understand the Calvinist one. 

A common soteriological view among Evangelical Christians (such as myself) is that we are saved by grace, through faith alone (Ephesians 2:8-9). However, this belief is usually accompanied by a belief that the inevitable effect of salvation is a life that bears fruit, and gradually conforms to Christ (sanctification). 

Someone who once was saved and abandons his faith has the following characteristics: I think that to understand this issue, we need to question our base assumption of how salvation is "fair". We have a tendency to think about salvation like 

You see, the default position is not belief - it is damnation. We all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God. We tend to think of salvation as a right, but salvation is a gift. It's not unfair for people to be damned - that's the fair part. That's getting what we deserve. The unfair part is that anyone is able to be saved at all. That's getting what we don't deserve. 

God's seed remains in us, and we cannot go on sinning[1]. Something changes in us when we are born of God, and we cannot live a lifestyle like the one we had before. Though this verse doesn't necessarily preclude it, it does remove the basis for the assumption that we should be able to abandon our salvation by our free will. You are correct that John 10:29 does not necessarily preclude the possibility walking away from ones own salvation. And you are also correct that one interpretation of Hebrews 6:4-6 is that believers may walk away from their salvation. 

So it seems that it is possible to have a faith that is non-genuine, or non-saving, and thus does not lead to the bearing of fruit. My question centers around what the difference between these two types of faith is. 

The people that John is referring to (antichrists) left of their own free will. John uses this leaving to demonstrate that they had never really belonged to the church. Even more, he says that if they had really belonged to the church, they would have remained. If people could walk away from their salvation, John would not have said this, because it would be quite possible to really belong, and then not remain. This verse tells us that those two characteristics cannot be harmonized. No one who continues to sin[1] has either seen him or known him (past tense). Thus, a saved person who abandons his salvation is a walking contradiction to this verse. It seems clear, especially from James, that genuine saving faith is accompanied by works. Of course, since we are not saved by works, we conclude that these works are the fruit of our salvation, and not the cause of it. In other words, we are first saved by grace through our genuine saving faith, and works result. Many Christians disagree on the topic, but as my personal view is that Christians can not walk away from their salvation, I will make a case for that here. 

In order to make the case that believers cannot walk away from their salvation, I would point to 1 John. 1 John deals a lot with authentic vs. inauthentic salvation, and how to know whether you have authentic salvation. It also teaches, in my opinion, that people with authentic salvation will always remain. For example: 

God cannot forgive sin without punishment or satisfaction In 1.12, Anselm argues that God cannot simply overlook this debt that mankind owes him: it would be against his nature to do so. In such a case, sin would "slip by unregulated." Anselm says that "everyone knows" that righteousness is rewarded by God (cf. Deuteronomy 5:33), and on this basis argues if sin is neither paid for nor punished, it is not subject to any law (1.12). Furthermore, he says, "nothing is more intolerable" than sin, and therefore, "nothing [...] is more unjust to tolerate than the most intolerable thing" (1.13). 

The death of the God-man outweighs all sins. Finally, the satisfaction is achieved by the death of the God-man. Anselm argues that the God-man's life is worth more than all sins, and that thus his death outweighs them all. (2.14) Against the challenge that the sin of killing the God-man cannot be outweighed, Anselm responds by citing 1 Corinthians 2:8 ("if they had known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory"), arguing that the killers' lack of knowledge rendered the sin less severe, and thus it too was outweighed by the God-man's death. (2.15) This view has some early support from at least one church father, Theodoret of Cyrus: 

Substitutionary atonement is also clearly seen in Miracles: 

A God-man must be born with the power, obligation, and will to make the satisfaction The problem, Anselm summarizes, is that no one is capable of paying the debt except God, and only mankind has the obligation to pay it. Thus, a God-man is logically necessary to pay this debt. 

For a few other examples, he cites Psalm 51 ("I was born in guilt, in sin my mother conceived me") to demonstrate the sinfulness of man, and uses language reminiscent of Deuteronomy 32:35 ("Vengeance is mine and recompense") to argue for God's superiority to man. For him, the "new birth" is a result of these steps: As mentioned above, Anselm's purpose in Cur Deus Homo is to provide a rational argument, presupposing as little as possible and not relying on proof texts: 

Commentators call this understanding "feudal in origin" (xviii), and Anselm provides only indirect biblical basis. First, Boso, cites Colossians 2:14 ("bond of the decree") and John 8:34 ("slave of sin") as evidence that man is not a slave to the devil, but a slave to God's decree, and, by extension, to God himself (1.7). Later, in 1.19, Boso and Anselm interact over the implications of "forgive us our debts" in the Lord's Prayer (Matthew 6:12). In neither case does Anselm attempt to refute Boso, and in 1.20, he too adopts the word "bondslave" to describe man's relationship to God.