One interesting aspect is that there is, under international law, no reason for the refugees themselves to accept our notion of where they should go. So what the directive envisions, in theory, is a system of transfers between member states subject the consent of the persons concerned. 

A single currency would therefore appear like the logical next step, a huge symbol of integration and cooperation. It's possible to find some very weak economical arguments for it (enforcing fiscal discipline, preventing currency fluctuations, etc.) but I don't think they were decisive in the process leading to the creation of the euro. 

It's quite complicated because the rules in this and in many other respects are the same than those that apply to the respective national parliament so that they differ depending on where the MEP in question was elected. Member states can therefore set their own rules “for the withdrawal of the mandate of a member of the European Parliament” (similarly, until 2009, MEP would get the same salary than national MP, which resulted in huge gaps between MEP from different countries). 

In international law, that principle and the “non-refoulement” principle primarily apply to people who are coming directly from a country where they are under threat but in practice, if no other country is prepared to take them back, it does not make a big difference. So there is no doubt that, under current EU law, Syrians have a right to apply for asylum, whether they are crossing the border illegally or not, and the only question right now in the Schengen area is which country has to examine their application. 

The UK government has announced it will leave the EU Single Market. We have been told that unless the UK negotiates a specific trade deal with the EU, trade rules will automatically fall back to WTO rules. We have also been told that the UK wishes for freedom of movement with the EU to end. 

Trade is only one aspect of a deal between the UK and the EU. If the UK and the EU would fail to negotiate an exit deal before the deadline, is there any default fallback related to visas, tourism, and immigration? 

As the United Kingdom leaves the European Union, there is debate as to whether the UK should remain in the EU Customs Union (or in a bilateral customs union with the EU, which I believe is almost the same in practice), or leave so that it can negotiate its own trade treaties. I can understand the arguments in favour of the UK leaving the EU Common Market if it does not want to guarantee the EU Four Freedoms, and I can see some people dislike the European Court of Justice having power to enforce EU law in the UK. But I don't understand the customs union bit. Presumably, a larger block like the EU should be able to negotiate better terms with other parties than a single country like the UK; both because it has more leverage, and because it has more access to experienced and skilled negotiators. But what could be the advantages for the UK to negotiate its own trade treaties, outside of the EU Customs Union? 

Is it possible for the same person to simultaneously be a Member of Parliament in the European Parliament and in a national parliament? Are any people in both parliaments? Or are there regulations that prevent this? 

The problem is that the EU has to satisfy demands from all member states. In particular, the UK isn't as protective as a few other member states. The EU may have been setting unreasonable tariffs to protect some non-UK industry, and in exchange got a worse deal in return. The UK on its own can make a deal that only needs to take into account British industry. 

A similar situation exists in reverse. The UK only needs to negotiate access to other markets for goods produced in the UK; UK exports are only a subset of EU exports. 

As an example, the EU as a whole exports a wide variety of foods. Food is an important discussion point on trade treaties, as many countries want to protect domestic agriculture. The EU may need to make concessions elsewhere in order to placate EU farmers. But the UK exports almost no food. In fact, the new British trade treaties may open up the British market for food imports, leaving EU farmers to compete with farmers from around the world on the British market. This might lead to lower food prices in British supermarkets. 

One country's sub-state provinces is another country's municipalities and some regions are larger than several countries elsewhere in Europe. In that context, in what sense do people's lives take place in a “regional” context? In the most immediate sense, it takes place in a city/metro area (but are you seriously suggesting cities should manage everything states currently manage?). Beyond that, it takes place in a broader context, an area sharing certain common political and legal institutions and that, by definition, is the state. 

You cannot simply exclude them from anything EU-related just because they do not speak English. That's especially true if you consider the fact that the EU is already criticized as undemocratic, opaque and distant as it is and that making it impossible for people to reach it in their native tongue would only make that worse. 

Large companies, by contrast, have more flexibility. When comes the time to reorganise some department or to create a new one, a German or US company might decide to put its European operations in Ireland or the Netherlands instead of the UK. Even “British” companies (in terms of ownership or headquarters) might consider it. Like I said at the beginning, it's all quite speculative, but this risk to see the UK become a little bit less attractive for your employer and its competitors is what could have the most impact on you in my opinion.