Suppose I am doing ok financially, and I read a passage indicating that I should provide for my brothers who are in need, and for those who minister to me. Buuut... something inside me tells me "Nah... that money is yours! You worked hard for it. Forget those lazy people... they can go get a job and make their own money!" Well, such a person would be inclined to have a "different interpretation" of those passages I linked. 

Clearly prophecy is the work of the Holy Spirit. (Also see Jeremiah 1:1-9, 2 Samuel 23:2, Acts 3:18, and Hebrews 10:15-17.) 

Acts 3:22 and Acts 7:37 show that Moses, the writer of the Law, was also a Prophet! For some men, straying from these things, have turned aside to fruitless discussion, wanting to be teachers of the Law, even though they do not understand either what they are saying or the matters about which they make confident assertions. - 1 Timothy 1:6-8 However, many people teach that "not all Scripture is prophecy", and they use the division of "Law, Psalms, and Prophets" to signify the three chunks of the Old Testament. 

My question is - did I miss something? Is there actual rational criteria for whether a book is considered part of canon? It's a sad reality... difficult to accept; difficult to consider a possibility in our own lives... but reality none the less. All Scripture is authored by God via the Holy Spirit. A case can also be made that all Scripture is prophecy, which makes it even more clear that the Spirit was the instrument of God for authoring Scripture. Beyond the generic statements, we have a number of specific examples which support this doctrine. 

Now, on to more specific examples. We have a nice exposition of some "Law" stuff in Hebrews which shows clearly that the things written in the Law also carried the intent of the Holy Spirit: Yes, you're absolutely right! Jesus never broke any bones. That's a fulfillment of the prophecy from Old Testament and it's written about in John. 

The prophecy that John refers to is found in Psalms 34:20: 

3 In the New Testament, there is Romans 1:26-27 The venerable Maximus explained, "We do not directly control whether blessings will be showered upon us or chastisements will befall us, but our good and evil deeds most certainly depend on our will. It is not ours to choose whether we are in health or sickness, but we make determinations likely to lead to one or the other. Similarly, we cannot simply decide that we shall attain the kingdom of heaven or be plunged into the fire of Gehenna, but we can will to keep the commandments or transgress them." 

However, as @Ollie Jones mentioned, the Old Testament for this is based on the Septuagint--an ancient Greek translation--rather than the original Hebrew. Because of that, it's not quite as reliable as going straight to the source. (In some situations it can be quite a ways off.) An interesting (old) story about this: 

James White has broken it down into five primary reasons for sticking with the KJV: 

It's a sad reality... difficult to accept; difficult to consider a possibility in our own lives... but reality none the less. For some men, straying from these things, have turned aside to fruitless discussion, wanting to be teachers of the Law, even though they do not understand either what they are saying or the matters about which they make confident assertions. - 1 Timothy 1:6-8 Now, on to more specific examples. 

Clearly prophecy is the work of the Holy Spirit. (Also see Jeremiah 1:1-9, 2 Samuel 23:2, Acts 3:18, and Hebrews 10:15-17.) The phrase "inspired by God" is literally translated as "God-breathed". So the Bible is not merely a collection of wise men's writings, but is actually authored by God, through men, by the Spirit. All Scripture is authored by God via the Holy Spirit. A case can also be made that all Scripture is prophecy, which makes it even more clear that the Spirit was the instrument of God for authoring Scripture. Beyond the generic statements, we have a number of specific examples which support this doctrine. 

We have a nice exposition of some "Law" stuff in Hebrews which shows clearly that the things written in the Law also carried the intent of the Holy Spirit: 

However, many people teach that "not all Scripture is prophecy", and they use the division of "Law, Psalms, and Prophets" to signify the three chunks of the Old Testament. Acts 3:22 and Acts 7:37 show that Moses, the writer of the Law, was also a Prophet! 

Suppose I am doing ok financially, and I read a passage indicating that I should provide for my brothers who are in need, and for those who minister to me. Buuut... something inside me tells me "Nah... that money is yours! You worked hard for it. Forget those lazy people... they can go get a job and make their own money!" Well, such a person would be inclined to have a "different interpretation" of those passages I linked. The venerable Maximus explained, "We do not directly control whether blessings will be showered upon us or chastisements will befall us, but our good and evil deeds most certainly depend on our will. It is not ours to choose whether we are in health or sickness, but we make determinations likely to lead to one or the other. Similarly, we cannot simply decide that we shall attain the kingdom of heaven or be plunged into the fire of Gehenna, but we can will to keep the commandments or transgress them." 

The prophecy that John refers to is found in Psalms 34:20: 

St. Maximus ca. 580-662 a.d. (The Life of Our Holy Monastic Father Maximus the Confessor and Martyr) 

James White has broken it down into five primary reasons for sticking with the KJV: 

3 In the New Testament, there is Romans 1:26-27 

It's really not a denominational issue, per se, but a doctrinal issue or a simple preference.