Similarly, earlier attempts to determine the genetic origins of the population of the Tarim Basin, based on human remains recovered from the Gumugou cemetery were also inconclusive. For example, we are told that, during the siege, the Egyptians constructed a timber wall and ditch surrounding Megiddo. The trees used to build the wall are described as "bnr" ("sweet") which, in this context, could mean that they were fruit trees. If so, the Thutmose's troops probably destroyed the orchards that surrounded Megiddo to construct the wall, adding further to the city's woes. However, we cannot know for certain because the texts are just not explicit. So, now to the "counterfactual" bit. In addition to this, of course, Latin continued as the language of the Roman Catholic church. This also helped preserve the language in the West. In the absence of any alternative written language, Latin remained the main vehicle of communication for the learned classes. The influence of the Roman Catholic church is a large part of the reason for the influence of Latin on modern English. So what about this "fortress"? EDIT: This gilded example (which was actually 57mm in diameter) sold for 25,000 Hungarian Florint (about £7.00 GB at current exchange rates) in 2013. which would correspond with an origin in Southern Siberia. However, the analysis also revealed that: One example (P.Oxy. 1.37) dated to 49 AD, which was copied from an official government archive, shows that a woman's testimony was entered into the court record. The practice of Circumcision was by no means unknown in ancient Egypt, although I'm not sure how widely it was used. The pattern of 'barbarian' incursions that caused the fall of the Western Roman empire, and created the new 'Barbarian kingdoms' of the West is complicated (to put it mildly!). Broadly, however, many of these 'barbarian' invaders weren't looking to create a new empire. They actually wanted to be more Roman. They occupied an area within the Western empire and proceeded to adopt its language and customs. In return, these 'barbarians' provided the stability and defence that the government in Rome (or Constantinople) no longer could. Over time, the languages of these 'Barbarian kingdoms' diverged, giving rise to the variety we see in modern Romance languages. You are right that in his Life of Marc Antony, Plutarch says: In your comment to my last answer, you mentioned a thick wall described in the texts. In fact, there is an entire line missing between the mention of the fort quoted above and the description of the wall. That description is itself damaged, but it seems that the Egyptians named the wall "mn-xpr-ra iH sTtyw tA" ("Menkheperre-enclosing-the Asiatics" - Menkheperre being Thutmose III's prenomen). If this is correct, (as I say, the text is damaged, but this is how I would read it) it seems more likely in this context that the "thick wall" was the one surrounding Megiddo, rather than a reference to the walls of the fort. The British Museum holds a number of small Cypriot base-ring jugs which have been dated to the Bronze Age and which are shaped like inverted poppy seed pods. This type of jug has been found in excavations across the Eastern Mediterranean. An archaeologist named Robert Merrillees suggested that the shape of the jug might have been a form of advertisement for its contents, and that the drug might have been exported across the region from Cyprus. [Although the Digest of Justinian is a compilation that was put together much later (in the 6th century), the laws were often enacted much earlier - as in the case of the Lex Julia mentioned above]. The Greco-Persian Wars included two invasions of Greece and a number of Greek counter-attacks against Persia, so "one-and-only" certainly wouldn't be how I would phrase it. Beyond that, as I said, we are in the realm of counter-factual history, and so we will never know. Roman law was quite explicit in permitting women to swear oaths and testify in court.