The documents which are the main constitutional basis for the EU are the treaties of the European Union. This ideological foundation is incompatible with authoritarianism. But ideologies are usually trumped by realpolitical considerations, so let's move on. Currently the German constitution only has referendums for one single issue: changing the borders between the federal states (ยง29). For any other issue it has no mechanism whatsoever for a referendum or public ballot on the federal level (it is possible on state and communal level, though). So when Germans disagree with the federal government and petitioning their direct parliament members does not help, their only option is to wait until the next election. Because granting these privileges is within the authority of the EU. Either the EU commission can do it themselves or they can ratify it through the democratically legitimized parliament. They do not need to ask the European public for every single change to the union treaty. Even forming the union in the first place wasn't ratified through a referendum in most EU states. He is talking about Article 50 of the Treaties of the European Union. These treaties are the constitutional base of the European Union. The article is about a country voluntarily leaving the union: Here is an infographic, courtesy of Wikipedia: When a national government fines an internet company and the internet company evades that fine by removing any physical presence from that country, the government has several options, ranging from least to most collateral damage: When a country is going to elect a government of people who appear to plan to violate the Article 2 values, then explaining the possible consequences to the general public in that country is completely justified. However, there is plenty of precedent for national-level referendums in lots of countries which did not have a defined process for referendums either. This was usually implemented through an act which calls for one binding referendum on that one specific issue. So it would definitely be theoretically possible for the EU to hold a referendum on one specific issue by simply making a regulation which says it will only become effective after a referendum. A government official stepping down from a position due to allegations which make them appear untrustworthy is not a criminal proceeding. So this directive does not apply. Article 49 of the treaties of the European Union says Doing an EU-wide referendum on such questions might be a theoretical possibility, but not required and most of all not practical. They need to make those offers now, because the UK referendum is imminent. When these concessions would only be offered under the additional condition that the other EU citizens agree, the influence of that offer would be greatly reduced. So in order to join the EU, the other EU states would have to recognize the entity as a sovereign state. Whether they do or do not is a matter of political will. And then there is of course the possibility to amend the treaties of the European union to accommodate for individual regions of states to join the union. The difference between a regulation and a directive is that an EU directive itself has no actual effect yet, because they still needs to be implemented by the member-states in form of national laws which need to pass the national legislative processes. There were cases where it turned out that EU directives could not be implemented in certain states either because the implementing laws couldn't pass legislative process or because the implementing laws violated the national constitution. A good example is the EU data retention directive (which was then also repealed by the EU court of justice).