There is another possible interpretation. One response to the charge that unexperiencable experience is countersensical is that while we can never perceive things in question we can conceive of an intellect that can do so, and this is enough (e.g. it can be God, but it need not be a god of any known religion, and it need not exist, only be possible). In §§76-77 of Critique of Judgment Kant admits the conceivability of such a non-discursive intellect, intellectus archetypus as he calls it, but proceeds to argue that neither we nor anything like us possesses anything like it, see Did Kant come to believe that we have access to things-in-themselves after all? Peirce, who spent perhaps the most time analyzing Kant's derivation of the categories (three hours a day for two years, he says), and modeled his architectonic on Kant's, ended up reproaching Kant for the same thing Kant reproached Aristotle, the lack of principle: In Critique of Pure Reason Kant describes in detail what aspects of our knowledge are a priori, and how they function, but on the empirical aspects he is sketchy and cryptic. Very briefly, our sensations/intuitions are synthesized into perceptions via schemes of productive imagination, including a priori forms of space and time. These schemes are somehow coordinated with concepts of understanding, which allows perceptions to be "brought" under them. The highest concepts, categories, are a priori, and come not even from understanding, but from reason itself. But what about empirical concepts and schemes coordinated with them that are not spatiotemporal, where do they come from? Size and shape are a priori, how about color, weight, firmness... universal gravity? In psychological terms (which Kant would likely reject) and very roughly, he argues that since perceptions do not come with time stamps attached causality is needed to arrange them in the "right", "objective" order. Hence causality is the "condition of possibility of the unified experience in time". These same logical forms, considered independently of the faculty of sensibility, then generate the concept of the noumenon, which remains merely "problematic," however, from a theoretical point of view. Further, the basic logical forms of (syllogistic) inference, again considered independently of sensibility, generate the idea of the unconditioned in general and the idea of freedom in particular. And both of these ideas also remain "indeterminate" from a theoretical point of view, although they nonetheless possess positive guiding force in the regulative use of reason. This same faculty of reason, finally, when applied to the determination of the will, also generates the moral law as a product of pure practical reason... For Kant himself, therefore, the systematic unity of all forms of thought-theoretical, practical, aesthetic, and religious - is grounded on the idea that it is ultimately the very same reason at work in all cases." On whether copyright violations becoming a general practice is a good thing opinions differ, some argue that abolishing, or at least scaling back, copyright would on balance be beneficial. Your circumstances might be particularly favorable to such arguments: if we restrict the practice to individuals who have no alternative access to the books through no fault of their own the case for making it universal becomes stronger ("universal" does not exclude qualifiers, as long as they can be generally applied). In principle, Kant's usage can perhaps be subsumed under JTB, but it seems equally consistent with "knowledge first", where it is an irreducible notion taken for granted. While JTB may sit well with his pure a priori knowledge, his empirical knowledge might better fit into modern pragmatic theories. This pragmatism and sharp separation between knowledge and belief ("I had to limit knowledge to make room for faith") make me skeptical that Kant is operating under JTB. Weyl, with his strong Kantian leanings, also explicitly contrasts knowledge and belief. Plato is mentioned in the Introduction only to be mocked:"Plato, abandoning the world of sense because of the narrow limits it sets to the understanding, venture upon the wings of ideas beyond it, into the void space of pure intellect. He did not reflect that he made no real progress by all his efforts; for he met with no resistance which might serve him for a support...". QUESTION: Was Kant right that our minds use space and time to synthesize perceptions, if so is that space Euclidean? If empirical experience is synthesized according to a priori schemes how do we manage to extract something from it that does not conform to these schemes? See de Vries's Kant, Rosenberg, and the Mirror of Philosophy. This is likely exaggerated, Kant was in the air of the times, and Husserl did draw parallels with him already in Logical Investigations (1901), while reinterpreting his "synthetic" notion of a priori into intuitive one, and adopted the label and terminology of transcendental idealism around 1915, apparently at Natorp's prompting. There are also undeniable parallels between his approach and that of contemporary neo-Kantians, especially in the early works. The Crisis, on the other hand, is a late work, not completed in Husserl's lifetime, and written under pronounced influence of existentialism, in particular Heidegger's. One has to keep in mind though that what appears to be Kantian framework in Husserl may be at least partly attributable to their common root in Hume. I recently came across a very nice summary of Husserl's theory of cognition in Zhok's Ontological Status of Essences in Husserl’s Thought, which makes Husserl's affinities and breaks with Kant more transparent.