The reasoning behind this is that we have lots and lots of "not an answer" flags in the mod queue. But we cannot protect a question from the mod queue, so we have to open each answer, evaluate if the question needs protecting, then protect it. This process takes a long time, and can definitely be automated, as the only thing you really need to check is how many new users are posting non-answers or are spamming their awful products. Mistakes can be fixed by simply reverting the edit and undeleting the answer. There are a few "automatically protect questions" requests out there, but I'd like to add another twist. From my closed-as-dupe question where I expound about how awesome this would be: I'd suggest that there should be the ability for high-rep users to say, "thanks, but no thanks" to some of the "features" of being a high-rep user. I think that not wanting to see deleted trash would be first among them. (super sensitive mod options, like merge, removed!) Comments have a very restricted markup ability. Currently supported text markups available are A large majority of users seem to believe that tags are really important; so important they like to decorate the titles of their questions with tags (I'm not talking about the organic ones; I'm not that anal). So, why not light rather than fight? This is a good idea. If I might put myself in the moderator's shoes for a moment... We already have mechanisms to research sock puppets. But doing so is a complex, time-consuming and subjective process having many moving parts, often requiring a cauldron and extract of unicorn horns. Fine tuning your flagging skills is done the same way you learn anything else: you get feedback, ask questions, and improve. Nobody (least of all the mods) expects anyone on Stack Exchange to get their flagging perfect the first time. And that state of affairs might have stayed that way, had review queues not come into existence. But, with the appearance of robo-reviewers and the necessity of instituting review audits, it became crucial that flags be dismissed properly, with regard to the way they are being used, because the disposition of those flags drives the logic for the review audits. In other words, please flag anyway. Don't worry about getting it perfect; we care more about knowing about the problems than we do about the perfectly executed flag, and getting the occasional flag declined is not the end of the world anyway. I think I'd like the auto-expansion better if the word Search: is placed in front of the text box when it auto-expands. As it is, the expanded text box, all by itself, looks a little bare. The asymptotic limit disproportionately punishes good flaggers, and it causes cognitive dissonance for me as a moderator, since I have to take the current flag weight of the user into account when considering whether or not to decline a flag. What I propose is much simpler and completely objective: Invalidate cross-votes between users that rise above some secret threshold, and are seen at the same group of IP addresses. The chief use case is you finding someone disenfranchised from their contributions and continuing to make cookie-based accounts. Well, what if you could click a button that sends them to the tools they need to fix it themselves? Folks in this use case might not even know what 'merge' means as far as their account goes, much less how to do it, or even that they need it. A question should be of sufficient quality in order to be migrated. I see users who take time to cast their votes and that is fantastic, but very few who edit a question prior to shipping it off. We're seeing an uptake of users that post identical answers on duplicate questions. While this does have the side effect of bringing duplicates to our attention, it would be much better if the user could just add the answer once, and then flag the others. I don't think we could keep the other variety out as easily: Give me access to all moderator tools by clicking a user's gravatar. To avoid fat fingers, perhaps open those tools in a suitably sized modal dialog (similar to the moderation tools on the parent sites) from the menu a gravatar click produces. IOW, let me deal with disruptive people without taking my eyes off the room. I realize some tools do require another page load, but let me do as much as possible in a modal. To clear up any ambiguity, here's the choices you have, and when you might consider using them. The solution here isn't tossing problematic character sets into a corner to think about what they've done (though we have done this to thwart larger onslaughts) - the solution is to beef up the Bayesian-ess of what we currently have so it trips on the actual content better, without additional inconvenience to passers-by. There are more than several systems in place looking at this that should be better. 1Moderators don't have access to the ban indicators, I'm presenting a very educated guess. Questions already cross posted on several sites that nearly got 'shuffled'. If the following conditions were met, I'd be in favor of it: