Ishaq Kindy was an Arab philosopher at the time of Imam Askari --peace be upon him, he wrote a book under the title of Paradoxes in Quran. Once one of his students came to Imam Askari --peace be upon him-- and Imam complained why there is no one among the students of Ishaq kindy who would answer back his tutor's propositions. The student answered "because he is our tutor and we cannot oppose his statements". Imam asked then if they can induce a meaning instead to their tutor? The student answered "yes"! So Imam taught the student to first get close to his tutor by being kind and respectful, then in a good opportunity to ask him a question, that if it is possible that someone says something and the hearer understand something else? Imam told the student that his tutor will answer: "yes it is possible", then he can further continue asking about Quran if it is possible that God has intended meanings different than those the tutor has understood? And that as Ishaq was a smart man he would get the point. This was done and Ishaq understood his fault and finally he burned his book in fire. See here for references. 

Indeed let me add that not only Adam --peace be upon him-- was created from clay but also you and me are still beings created from clay. According to the today science our physical body is refreshing itself every few years, we wash out the dead cells from our skins at bathroom and new cells come to live day by the day. Almost all the cells in our bodies die and new ones replace the older ones, you don't agree? Where such new cells come from? Isn't it right to conclude from what we eat and drink? If yes, then what do we eat? Vegetables and fruits and similar to those beside meat of the animals which eat again from vegetables and fruits, and etc. . Don't you see all these foods are originated from the clay? Isn't water a best solvent that can carry quite many minerals with it? Don't we eat clay in many different deformed forms for our body to refresh itself? If someone dies doesn't his body again change to clay? Isn't our body made of clay that scientists ever raise a question about it being or not being made of clay? Also note that all the limbs of a complete man forms in the womb of his mother, where he is created from what his mother eats and drinks and again you can study how clay with different percentages of minerals are used in a period of nearly nine months for a complete body to form. 

They said: "O our father! Ask forgiveness (from Allah) for our sins, indeed we have been sinners." http://tanzil.net/#12:97 

Because this question of angels means that other humans lived before Adam a.s. on earth unless they did not asked such question. 

By using Tawassul one can see the miracle by his own eyes. Tawassul is the best way for seeing a miracle. for example healing of one who doctors can not heal him. 

This list is only few examples (like a drop from an ocean). nearly every Iranian has miraculous experiences from Imam Reza a.s. for himself or his relatives. Iranians love Imam Reza a.s. too much. many of people have seen him in dream that he answers to their questions and problems. this is not only about him but about all of the fourteen infallibles. but because the shrine of 8th Imam is inside Iran and easier to access people of Iran go to his shrine and do Tawassul to him. Tawassul means asking one of Awlia to he ask God to God accept our dua. because our sins make a barrier between us and God and causes our dua do not reach God and so not be accepted. people from all over the world come to holy shrine of Imam Reza a.s. and seek Tawassul from his holy soul. 

I'm assuming they practised some sort of fighting technique which used swords. Does anyone know if this is true and what system they used? 

Prefer sunni view with evidence from quran/hadith and/or fatwa. 

Is the quran supposed to be like this? i.e. you can only relate to those parts of the quran which you have experienced in your life? The other parts just end up going over your head as you can't relate, just as they do with a normal book, if you can't to certain parts of a book. 

Are raffles haraam, even if they are used for fund raising purposes where the winner gets a trip go do an umrah? 

Does Islam have rules for this, is it considered disrespectful to refer to your granddad as granddad, or is it disrespectful to refer to your granddad via his real name? 

In the time of the prophet when the wars took place. How did the islamic soldiers fight? Did they just randomly swing their swords at their enemy or did they have some sort of fighting system which they practised? 

What I mean is, if a non muslim who hates islam and starts reading the quran, he will get a totally different meaning from the quran than a muslim who reads the quran.