Bessemer Men and Open-Hearth Operatives In 1886, Andrew Carnegie had stated that: 

"Scout patrols" which followed the principles set out in Baden-Powell's book were set up across the United Kingdom, and spread rapidly across the British Empire. The first Scout rally was held at Crystal Palace in London the following year. Some 11,000 Scouts attended - including some girls who dressed as Scouts and called themselves "Girl Scouts". 

The truth is that the last time a British monarch withheld Royal Assent from a Parliamentary Bill was Queen Anne and the Scotch Militia Bill [sic]. She withheld Royal Assent on 11 March 1708, more than half a century before George III came to the throne. 

Sadly, unlike George Cayley's flying machine, we have no published research by Shivkar Bapuji Talpade to support these claims. He may have invented an unmanned flying machine in the late 19th century. It may even have successfully flown. But without evidence the claims cannot stand. 

When Baden-Powell left the army in 1910, he founded the Boy Scouts Association and, shortly afterwards, the Girl Guides. In reality though, both organisations already existed in nascent form. People were attracted by the chance to emulate their heroes, and also by the fact that Scouting emphasised more adventurous, outdoor games than were usual in other youth organisations of the time (like the Boy's Brigade, for example). Then, as now, the skills learned by Scouts were seen as fun. 

If we look at the entire passage you indicate: 

Not as many as you might think. 

upgrading, demotion, or transfer 

letter from Stimson to Truman, also 6 Aug 

The Wikipedia article on Bainbridge says this, (with a source listed as The Pirate Coast, Richard Zachs): 

(emphasis mine) This was dated May 12 1945. Hiroshima was one of two AA rated targets, the other being Kyoto(a city of 1,000,000 at the time). Hiroshima was selected for its military value. From the wiki (and I know there are many different casualty estimates): 

There is no doubt that there were military objectives at Hiroshima. I don't think there were any illusions that there would be no civilian casualties. But it appears from the documents, that they were in no way expecting to completely destroy an entire city (possibly 'extensive' damage), and that they were all surprised by the results (since they kept comparing results to the earlier test detonation, which was minor in comparison). 

Concerning the second part of your question, From a web page concerning western history:Traders, Trappers, and Mountain Men 

The context, the time of 1862, is what caused the inclusion of the military training clause to gain support and overcome earlier rejections: 

So we can see the hours worked by Carnegie steel employees varied from 8 hour days from 1879-1882 (depending upon the site) though 1888 ,and shifted back to 12 hour days after 1888. 

I don't see a problem characterizing Hiroshima, in the radio address of Aug 9, as a military base. (on a side note, if you ask someone in the military where they were stationed, a typical reply might be 'San Diego' for instance-not 'Naval Base San Diego') In the radio address I doubt there was any thought that the public would have any idea where or what Hiroshima was. The term 'a military base' is just descriptive. 

From the testimonies we can gather some information concerning the time involved (all emphasis mine): 

The original story, written and published in 1837, was from Bonneville's notes and maps concerning his Expedition of 1832. 

and this entry from Yale Law School discusses the military significance of Hiroshima: 

It seems that Crown Princess Märtha and her three children, including prince Harald, didn't stay at the White House for very long. Several sources comment that they initially stayed at Roosevelt's Hyde Park estate, then (briefly) at the White House, before moving to Bethesda. For example, an article in the Washington Post observes: 

The question of whether Shivkar Bapuji Talpade invented an aeroplane is contentious, to say the least. Many sources that are quoted in support of the idea, for example International Journal of Yoga and Allied Sciences, make fairly wild claims without much in the way of supporting evidence (the article cited here even claims that the aeroplane was powered by an ion engine!). Perhaps Lhendup G Bhutia, writing in Open Magazine, put it best: 

Pipe Workers The wider upheavals described above seem to have had much less impact on pipe-workers. Even as late as 1910, Fitch would observe that: 

Lincoln's brother-in-law also notified the chairman of the Illinois State Whig Executive Committee, A.G. Henry, about Lincoln's decision. Henryy wrote to Secretary Ewing on 24 September 1849. He said that Lincoln: 

"Scout patrols" which followed the principles set out in Baden-Powell's book were set up across the United Kingdom, and spread rapidly across the British Empire. The first Scout rally was held at Crystal Palace in London the following year. Some 11,000 Scouts attended - including some girls who dressed as Scouts and called themselves "Girl Scouts".