In general, yes, sort of. First of all there are two main divisions of Russians, the Bolshoi Russky (great Russians) and the little Russians. Then beyond this there were innumerable so-called "Slavic" tribes (Pechenegs, etc etc etc). It is important to realize that the "Slavic" peoples have widely varying ethnicities and it is only language similarities that tie them together. For example, the Serbs are completely different culturally and genetically than any of the eastern slavic tribes, who are primarily Finno-Ugaric. Even among the Finno-Ugaric slavs there are big differences between the tribes that are more from Finland compared to the so-called Turkic tribes that are from the Ural mountains. A third type which is ill-defined are the swamp-based tribes, which are very ancient, dating long before the Varangians who come from the Mansurian Lakes region. There are even also the remnants of Mongolians who date from the Golden Horde days. When the Ukrainians originally invaded the area was occupied by various Slavic tribes who are of uncertain origin. Before them, the area was occupied by various Finnic, Turkic and and Caucasian tribes, some nomadic, others indigenous. For example, one major ethnic group in the area was the Scythians, and particularly a subgroup of Scythians known as Sarmatians. The Sarmatians are believed to have come from what is now Iran. It suffices to say that if actual rockets had been used with effect at the Battle of Mohi, the European accounts of the battle would have mentioned them. Eating: It was a little bit harder to get food than it is now, but in the towns there was usually a dole of some kind. Also, you could often find work for food digging ditches or cutting wood. Desperate people could eat worms, nettles, seeds and other such wild food. Churches gave out food, just like they do now. Regular food in England was barley or rye bread. Even a menial laborer could make enough to pay for bread and some extra. Most people had at least a wooden bowl and spoon. A really poor person would eat with their hands. A yeoman would usually have fork, knife and spoon with pottery plates and cups. The table for most people was like what a park bench and table would be today. Chairs would be only for the upper middle class and above. Most people could afford fish or meat at least once a week and fats and suet were traded around to make soups, which most people had every day. A common dish was gruel, which was oats or barley mixed with milk, what we would call "cereal" today.