Other answers have delved deeply into the range of foreign policy opinions. They provide valuable context for the question. But I said 14 governments, and I've only touched two. The other 12 were the state governments (Rhode Island didn't ratify the constitution till later). State laws may have restricted weapon ownership. There are a couple of points that I infer from my read of the full article. Because the US was pluralistic and immigrant, institutions of affinity played a greater role. In Europe, your identity was fixed by birth. In the US, people had to bind together to form new communities regularly. Institutions like Churches were important for establishing the trust needed for a community. France made a strategic decision that it would be self-reliant. Religious Freedom in America meant that you had to choose to believe in a religion, and people did. Sometimes converting multiple times before they found a community and a belief pattern that could accomodate them. Whiskey is a natural medium of exchange for barter. It is stable, divisible and transports well. Why wouldn't you pay in whiskey? It may also be useful to consult the Parable of the Broken Window; many people believe that the economy grows as the participants replace things that were broken. This is a fallacy. (I might argue edge cases of the fallacy, because there is some benefit from the increased efficiency of new infrastructure & the cost of brownfield vs greenfield development, but those are edge cases and would require a much longer essay. (and I'm probably not competent to write it; I'm only a hobby economist)). As I said at the beginning, I'm not trying to hide my bias; the best you can hope is that Mr. Russell will provide an opposing viewpoint. The US government pursued other policies that numbed the economy and the modern mind. For example, prosecuting illiterate immigrants for the crime of selecting their own chickens rather than accepting the chicken that the government had decided they should receive. Taking that case to the supreme court qualifies as a microeconmic policy which is guaranteed to arrest growth. No sane individual is going to want to take out a loan to start a business if they can't permit the customer to choose their goods. In my eagerness to write about Hamilton, I missed that the core of the question was the word "competitive". As @T.E.D points out, the use of that word is doubtless influenced by meter and rhyme. I would have to check to see if the playwright's use is supported by contemporary language, but the meaning is that those who have capital and want to lend it are looking for the best deal. Primarily, they want to get their capital back, and with the best mix of risk and reward. One can view this as a competition for the capital. The Articles of Confederation were not competitive credit risks - there was strong evidence that they couldn't even make the interest payments. After Hamilton's reforms, there was enough evidence that the USA was a competitive potential creditor. Roosevelt's committment to the Gold Standard, which prevented the USA from monetarist tools that could have acted as an engine for growth. Update: @pugsville asks whether Roosevelt took us off the gold standard. Roosevelt took us off the international gold standard. The value of the dollar was still tied to gold, but the value was set based on Roosevelt's whim. The international gold standard was still being defended by the Bank of England. Daniel Drezner in his Foundations of Economic Prosperity points out that Roosevelt took the US off the gold standard without coordination with other countries. Had he coordinated our exit, he could have mitigated the damage to the US and world economic system. I'd love someone to analyze the diversity of the rebelling populations, the role of the Company, and other factors. Short answer - There were no federal legal prohibitions against weapon ownership in 1789. First, there is the error I addressed in my comments; the Marine Corps existed before the United States did. They are the oldest military service in the US military. For a brief history of the US Marine Corp, see Marine Corps. I'm a REMF, and a Navy REMF at that, so I'm going to defer to them on their own history. Long answer. During that year the "United States" had at least 14 governments. For the first two months of the year, the territory was governed by the Articles of Confederation. I haven't reviewed all of the legal precedents under the AoC, but I'm willing to bet my collection of Stack Exchange Hats that AoC had no restrictions on gun ownership. Philosophically, that was an issue that would have been reserved for the states. For the last ten months of the year, the United States was governed by the Constitution. A quick review of the legislation passed that term, indicates that they didn't touch weapons laws. (they hadn't even passed the 2nd amendment yet). Furthermore since the clear intent of the drafters of the constitution was to avoid specifying negative rights, the absence of any mention of weapons, then there were no restrictions on weapon ownership. I'll provide a few comparisons; this is an interesting question that deserves a book length treatment. My apologies if in my attempt to be brief I oversimplify either side. If the US government had eased monetary policy and supported the banks, they could have reduced the fear of bank runs. Hoarding reduces the money supply; investment strengthens the money supply. Of course the US government couldn't ease monetary policy because they were committed to the gold standard. I realize that you asked about the effect of propaganda, and I've supplied an abbreviated list of propaganda publications, but I was interrupted while writing - I'll have to return to this later today. (In particularly I want to find the propaganda written by a woman, because I think that is cool).