That's not what is happening. I feel like you're deliberately misconstruing the situation where, but I'm not sure to what end. To prove your point that rudeness is a general problem? Yes, he referred to the site as a "forum". I know it's de rigueur here on Meta to jump on people who call Stack Exchange sites "forums" and correct them—"Ah, we're not a forum, but a Q&A site!". I'm not complaining about that, that can be very useful to new users. But at the same time, you have to remember that "forum" is just a regular English word, and Stack Exchange sites qualify under several different definitions. We are not an "Internet forum", which is a special term of art, but that isn't necessarily what people who are new to Stack Overflow mean when they say "forum". "Oh no! They might not come back!" Seriously? As soon as I clean this mess up, I'm going to be trying to figure out a way to ask them to do precisely that. But okay, what about the next part, where he just flat loses it. That looks hunky-dory to you as well? Or maybe your argument is that we should be sending him help, rather than closing his question. Unfortunately, we haven't the resources for that. 

Ah, solved it: The syntax you're looking for is: 

I just don't understand all the hand-wringing over "rudeness" to someone who comes over to your house and takes a dump on the floor. i dont know how to program but i want 2 learn how. 

If they'd just seen a message that spanked their hand and said "No, you can't post that link!", they wouldn't have learned anything. They'd just curse the site and move on. (Or worse, they'd obfuscate the link in any number of possible ways. Congratulations, now you've just made the site dumber and uglier.) 

Aside from all of that, we're not in the business of policing the rest of the Internet. Just because a resource gets linked to in one of the posts on our site does not mean that we endorse it in any official capacity. All contributions are signed with the name of their contributor, so we know who to hold accountable. If you suggest bad stuff, then that's on you, not on us. 

Users have an obligation to inform themselves of "house rules" and to follow them. Sure, it's our job to make those rules simple, clear, and available. But it is not our responsibility nor is it possible to shove them down people's throats. Besides, if we could, wouldn't that be rude? So yeah, occasionally people leave rude, inappropriate comments, and they should be flagged by other users for removal. Being rude to people is bad, whether they're new users or old pros. Blah blah blah. We've had this discussion before. No one really disagrees. You're telling me that coming to a programming site (whether or not it's a forum) and saying 

So the next apparent hack would be to use a Unicode zero-width space, which will still disrupt the escaping behavior, but won't render as an ugly gap in your comment. Thus, Even if you "improved" the error message to be a detailed discussion of the problems with W3Schools as a resource, you still haven't accomplished anything. Users don't read, that's a known problem. And if you make error messages paragraphs long, they especially don't read them. I'm very much against rudeness and flag plenty of comments that I think are inappropriate. (Although I'll be the first to admit that I'm not perfect and I occasionally leave these types of comments myself.) However, by inserting a space between the backslash and the backtick, you can cleverly disrupt this escaping behavior: 

And either way, whether or not you agree with my semantic quibbles, this user's behavior was far more egregious than simply assuming that Stack Overflow as a forum. What he did here is not even acceptable on any Internet forum that I've ever seen before. For the non-10ks, here's the question, in its entirety: 

Users can disagree with those rules, and they can even argue against them publically. We provide just such a place for that: Meta. But until they carry the day with their argument, they are bound by the standing rules as long as they want to participate in the community. 

But trolls are an obvious exception. Please, remind me again why we (as a site/community) should be overly concerned about users who are not concerned about us (as a site/community). Because I have trouble following that logic. 

Answers are the most important thing on this site. Comments are merely second-class citizens, "noise" surrounding answers. Yes, they serve a useful purpose, but they're not critical. If something is not good enough to be allowed in a comment, then surely it should not be allowed in an answer, right?