My short answer to the question of "whether the probability of a Christian god can reasonably be said to be infinitesimal", is that I couldn't say without clarification. It's certainly not the case that the mere fact of an infinitude of competing possibilities renders the possibility only infinitesimally likely. I don't think the absolute probability judgment is very easy to grasp or make sense of, so I would want to make a judgment of relative likelihood holding everything except for the proposition that the Christian god exists fixed for the sake of comparison. 

Formally this all gets modeled using centered possible worlds. These were popularized (first discussed?) by David Lewis in his 1979 "Attitudes De Dicto and De Se". Centered worlds are possible worlds which come with privileged individuals and times. You can see why they'd be useful: context supplies some centered world as the world relative to which the utterance is to be evaluated (the "evaluation world") and this centered world privileges certain individuals and times in a way that makes them the default referents of indexical expressions (in that context). Location gets fixed because the privileged individual (assuming they aren't scattered individuals) occupies a location at the time of utterance in a way that makes them the default referents of indexicals (in that context). 

The Answer to Your Question So, to answer your question, what's peculiar with the sentence "I am here now" is that the the worlds relative to which you evaluate the utterance are centered worlds as opposed to the more familiar possible worlds of modal logic and formal semantics in the style of Heim and Kratzer (obviously excluding the sections on interpreting indexical expressions). 

If something along those lines is right, then that gets us that mathematical truths are necessary truths, but why think there are numbers? Here the thought is that numerals are singular terms that, like names of people, refer to things. So, for "2+3=5" to be true, there must be some entities referred to by "2", "3", and "5" as well as some relation ("being the sum of") holding between these three numbers. If the truth is necessary, then the existence of these entities must also be necessary. 

Linguistic Ersatzism: This is the version defended by Robert M. Adams (will have to dig for a citation later) and holds that possible worlds represent by saying a possibility is a certain way. One version of this view holds that possible worlds are maximal consistent sets of propositions, completely specifying some way the world might be. The actual world is represented by a maximal consistent set of propositions describing the way the world actually is. Pictorial Ersatzism: Possible worlds represent by isomorphism, like a picture or map. A map of the USA represents the USA in virtue of depicting 50 states in the right spatial arrangement, etc. This is how possible worlds represent, they're like pictures. "Magical" Ersatzism: Possible worlds represent by magic. This is what Lewis calls views, like the property view of Robert Stalnaker, that don't explain--- and, Lewis claims, leave mysterious ---how worlds represent. The point here is that whereas a concretist can identify the actual world with this concrete thing we inhabit, an abstractionist will generally (always?) have an abstract surrogate for even the actual world. None of the abstractionist's worlds are (or could be) concrete, though many, if not all, represent possibilities involving concrete objects. Remember that not even "the actual world" is concrete for an abstractionist--- though it certainly represents a concrete possibility (ours!). 

It is worth emphasizing that this prohibition against overlapping worlds is a metaphysical postulate that is part of Lewis's metaphysical view modal realism. It is in no means forced upon you by modal logic itself. 

You have to be clear on what Ockham's Razor is and is not. How to understand the principle is still a hotly debated subject. 

An objective concept that applies to various systems in the world, independently of what anyone thinks. For example, “a particular radium atom will probably decay within 10,000 years”.