However, these pure concepts of the understanding cannot be related to any particular objects or pictures in your mind, because they are the pure concepts, and any relation of them to a particular empirical intuition would inappropriate; the mere association of a pure concept with a sensible intuition would cause it to be "impure" (it would lose objectivity). The only requirement that a rational agent conform to the Categorical Imperative comes from the fact that an autonomous will adhering to it would be considered rational, and an autonomous will violating it would be considered irrational. Since a will that chooses rationality over irrationality is a moral good, we ought to conform to the CI. Kant's Moral Philosophy at SEP covers this topic pretty well; check it out for further reading. I'm not overly fond of Wikipedia's coverage but it's a good supplementary read. Since we can never think outside of our own minds, anything we ever think or perceive will inherently be subjective. "Objectivity" is and has only ever been just a form of collective subjectivity. The "way things truly are" may very well be vastly different than our human minds and senses can possibly perceive or comprehend. You should note, however, that Kant did think we could discern some objective truths about the nature of the universe, but only a very limited few (the Pure Categories of understanding, the reality of space/time/causation, etc). He is often seen as a bridge between rationalism and empiricism in this regard. This is the element that Kant calls "transcendental idealism". He is very keen that it is not the "subjective idealism" of Berkeley. And obviously, it cannot be the "transcendental realism" of Locke. So what is it? How do you achieve or realise 1 (this new method of thought and perception for daily life)? The above translation and Blackburn do not exemplify or advise how to try it in practice. A novice, I do not feel prepared yet to, but shall in future, read Kant; please tell me if Kant's originals answer my question. Source: p 256, Think: A Compelling Introduction to Philosophy (1 ed, 1999) by Simon Blackburn Kant's use of the Loan Word 'noumenon' appears to contradict its original meaning in Greek; to what thinking or perception can nooúmenon refer, if humans can never perceive, understand, or think about noumena? Did Kant intend a semantic shift? [1.] A similar experiment can be tried in metaphysics, as regards the intuition of objects. If intuition must conform to the constitution of the objects, I do not see how we could know anything of the latter a priori; but if the object (as object of the senses) must conform to the constitution of our faculty of intuition, I have no difficulty in conceiving such a possibility. I think it's easiest to understand it if we start with what Kant wants in a moral theory. Roughly speaking, Kant is hoping for a theory where the moral self using universal reason is able to decide what it morally ought to do and then where the self has the freedom to will this action. Basic pattern = object -> representation -> thing. Object is something we can really think about. Representation is something we see/sense. Thing is something we don't encounter. (Again, his technical terms). Note that we are not required to agree with Kant. If you're a reductionist physicalist, then his theory probably won't work for you in the standard form. But there are contemporary appropriations of Kant that might, such as Christine Korsgaard's constructivism -- whereby she believes we are committed to Kantian principles of agency insofar as we are agents. She does some rather elaborate footwork to keep parts of his ethics while jettisoning his account of metaphysics across her texts Sources of Normativity and Creating the Kingdom of Ends.