If your cockpit is setup too long and low for the type of riding you do (e.g., performance fit cockpit given to an endurance or recreational rider), then you will feel you need to consistently push against the hoods to keep yourself upright as you are not generating enough force from your legs to fully support your upper body weight with your core muscles (i.e., your core muscle do not have enough force to resist against to keep you upright so you rely on your arms). 

Riding at 30kph average for 3 hours, in a hilly area is a solid effort. Assuming your pack riding skills are sufficient, you will also likely do fine in in a club ride that averages 30-40kph (but see the pack riding primer below). Club rides will have a faster pace than what you are riding now, but you will also be working a lot less (about 30% less) at any given speed because of drafting. 

If you lowered the gearing to accommodate these features, you likely would be able to hit your 55 kph "chicken run" speed. 

In terms of average speeds, it really can be a death by a thousand cuts. For a commuting setup I have listed the pieces I believe gave the biggest speed gains. No single one will be overly noticeable on its own, but add together it can translate into some considerable gains. 

One of the best skills to learn is knowing your limits, your advantages, your disadvantages, and developing a good sense of timing. If I find myself at a disadvantage (i.e., slower bike, less fitness), I will focus on pacing, never doing more than the absolute minimum (conserve, conserve, conserve). I will likely plan for only one large effort, but in that effort I will put all my cards on the table (absolutely everything). Leave nothing behind (similar to the swimming scene in Gattaca. Even if that means getting spit out the back shortly afterwards. 

The "All Road" category now exists, which is essentially a tougher road bike with the tire clearances of a CX bike. The geometry and handling is typically either more road bike like or a hybrid between road and CX. Also some (but not all) "all road" bikes come with other niceties like fender and rack eyelets (thank you!). Your riding position also tends to be more upright as these bikes as they are not intended for racing. CX bikes are great too, often they used to be equipped like the "all road" bikes are now, with fender and rake eyelets (so you could use it for multiple purposes), but lately I have found mainstream CX bikes offerings are much more race focused than they used to be so they may not be as useful for general riding. This can mean more aggressive riding positions and no rack or fender eyelets. Brand dependent, YMMV. Road bikes are actually tougher than they look. I used to ride my road bike down gravel all the time until "all road" became a thing. That said, I do appreciate the current crop of "all road" bikes as they have the clearance to to run much larger volume tires which is much better for gravel and rough pavement. Depending on your intended use, a sport touring road bike could be a good choice as well. Similar to an all road bike, these typically support larger volume tires, have more upright position, will definitely have rack and fender eyelets, but will also have more stable handling than the previous 3 categories. This makes them better suited to hauling loads and potentially casual riding as these bikes are typically more forgiving to momentary lapses in concentration or balance. Finally...