I think she "deserves" the praise because as I have seen on this site, almost all the parents have been complaining of improper behavior and several types of problems with their own children of the same age. She's different. 

Since I have been on this site before she was born, I applied all the proper ways of talking and behaving with the child which are often advised here. I would like to know what makes a kid bully, and how to prevent him from becoming a bully? Being a working person I may not be always near my kid. Also, it is a possibility that he may not tell me that he has been undergoing bullying somewhere because of fear or some other reasons. What is the proper way to praise the hard work and patience of a child such that she doesn't start depending on my praises? Goes to washroom herself, never has had accidents. We use diapers on her at night only because we don't want to bother ourselves. Now, on such occasions, I say, "You cleaned the room properly by putting all the toys in the box. You worked hard. Thanks for that! You indeed have a great patience". 

Now, the result is that this 4 year old is a very patient, quite hard working kid - when she's with me. She doesn't pay too much attention to her father's words many times because he doesn't act, just talks, doesn't follow up regularly. 

I have heard about bullies in schools, haven't ever seen or faced them in real life though. Problem is that she mostly always behaves properly. Punishing her is rarely required. No bribes have been given till date. I am feeling that I am praising her too much because of the great amount of proper behavior from her side. 

Nearly zero tantrums. I have to tell her only once that she needs to keep all the blocks and toys that she threw around back in the box. She tells me to help which I do. She does her share of work very properly. She has empathy, says sorry when she needs to, helps to clean around the house when required, and has a great attention span too. 

Is there scientific research that supports the utility of fidgets? Are some ADHD children more likely to benefit than others -- e.g., would a primarily-inattentive student be more or less helped by a fidget than a primarily-hyperactive student? The other parent seems to have taken a cue from you.* You didn't say anything and let the her deal with it, which sends the message that it doesn't bother you on behalf of your son. And when that happens repeatedly, the simpler path for her to take was just let her child have the toy -- that way, it doesn't get stolen anymore and she doesn't have to discipline anymore, problem solved. :P 

My son is nine years old, in the 4th grade. I would like to explore this option in his 504 plan with the school, but first want to know it's going to actually be a concrete benefit, and make sure I'm exploring the right sorts of fidgets. 

These are situations where I'd step in and ask for calmer behavior: 

Children learn how to do things by imitating, so much of this is simple curiosity. ("How does the milk go in the bottle? Does it happen the same way every time? WOW.") But toddlers also start to realize they are independent and have some control over their world. But if they're relatively stationary, not about to crash into customers or clothes, watching where they're going, still listening when you say "it's time to walk this way now"... I consider this a harmless expression of joy and excitement. Kids like to move and dance. 

Teaching the boundary between "expressing yourself" and "respecting other people's space" is a useful important life lesson, so help them find a middle ground between dancing their heart out and staying silent and motionless. 

* I don't mean that this is your fault, nor do I think her eventual response was appropriate for either your child (who repeatedly lost the toy) or hers (who learned it's OK to steal if nobody fights back, and that his mom will eventually just ignore bad behavior). I wouldn't have done the same if I were in her position, unless the other parent explicitly stated "oh, your boy can have the toy" — and even then I'd attempt to seek some sharing arrangement where the kids play together. Years of patient repetition from me has led to a pretty responsive child who does his best to helpfully respond. Still not perfect, but he's willing to try because he knows I won't be getting angry if he isn't perfect; before we figured this out, I'd become quickly frustrated, and then he'd feel inadequate and frustrated.