There is no binding petition process on federal level in the United States. The stunt might get some publicity and might get you invited to some talk shows with the title "is this the end of democracy?", but constitutionally-speaking the situation is clear, so in the end you won't prevent one of the major candidates from moving into the white house. There are currently about 322 million people in the United States, which means each state gets one seat for about 740,000 people. The proposed region of the new state of Jefferson houses 457,859 people - not enough to warrant a second seat beyond their guaranteed one. Forcing a government shutdown doesn't get Trump any budget for anything. It's the threat of a government shutdown with which he hopes to force Congress to cooperate. The impeachment process according to article 2, section 4 of the constitution can only be initiated by congress. They are only allowed to do so "for Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors". But congress also define what "high Crimes and Misdemeanors" are in that context (the last time it was lying about cheating on his wife), so they basically start the process when they feel like it. A government shutdown happens when Congress and President can not agree on a budget plan. The result is that the executive branch of the US government is unable to provide most of its services, except the most essential ones. That's not just bad for the executive branch. It's bad for the whole country. It is a strategy of mutually assured destruction. In this situation both sides hope that the other will give in to prevent looking like the obstructionists who destroyed the whole country just because they couldn't have their way. Did you know who Jim Gilmore and George Pataki were before they ran for president? Unless you happen to be living in Virginia or New York or are a huge politics buff, you likely haven't. But now you know them. See? And as long as there is no way to do so, choosing the judges must be done by people, and people will always be biased to put persons in power they agree with. While advising women to avoid this environment because it is unsafe is certainly a valid stop-gap measure to protect women from sexual assault in the short term, it comes at the cost of giving up their right to social participation. The long-term goal should be to change society in a way that people consider it a bad idea to sexually assault other people, no matter how drunk the victim or themselves. What "measures" are appropriate to reach this goal is another topic we could debate about endlessly, but acknowledging that the behavior of the perpetrators should change and not that of the victims is an important first step to reach a better society for everyone (yes, also for the heterosexual men who will certainly enjoy the company of women while getting drunk). You divide the map of the assembly area into smaller polygons. The vertices of your polygons need to be landmarks which you can identify both on your map and in your photo. You calculate the area in m² for each polygon You map those polygons on your photograph as well as possible For each polygon, you estimate how much of it is filled by people (fill-factor) and estimate the number of people per m² (density). The numbers from Jacob's original paper were: Now you can calculate the number of people in each polygon by multiplying the area in m² with the fill-factor and the estimated density. Do that for all polygons, add up the numbers and you should have a quite good estimation. The thing about committee chairmanship is specific to the censure of a Congressmember by the Congress. In that case they automatically lose the chairmanship in any Congress committees they lead. But that's not relevant in the case of a censure of the President. The President is not a member of Congress and thus isn't even a member of any committees, let alone chairman. If you have questions about Congress committees, that would be a topic for a different question The US executive has a budget plan which is made by Congress. This budget plan says how much money the President is allowed to spend for what purpose. Building a border fortification requires labor and material, and unless Trump can somehow find a way to get someone else to pay for it (good luck with that), these must be paid from the federal budget allocated for this purpose. Fortunately for Trump Congress decided last year to allocate $1.6 billion to improving border fortifications. Unfortunately this is still short of the $2.6 billion the Department of Homeland Security requested for this purpose.