Full payment would be hard to swallow. President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner has always opposed stumping up, and a generous payment for NML would open the door to similar payouts to other “holdout” creditors. The consensus has been that Argentina would reach a negotiated settlement with the holdouts. Argentina had made good progress this year in its quest to regain access to capital markets—settling disputes with the Paris Club of government creditors, for example. Tackling the holdout issue was the logical next step. The price of dollar-denominated defaulted debt surged above face value after the Supreme Court’s ruling, opening up a gap with euro-denominated debt that is not subject to New York law (see chart). Secondly, he forsaw the rise of the non-profit sector to take the place menial, automatable jobs. While I may not agree withe his prediction, the truth is that the "service" economy, of which the non-profit sector tends to be a part, is in fact where the bulk of new labor is growing. The comparative advantage in time of the unskilled lends itself to service, in that non-automatable tasks will always exist, and everyone has the same amount of time. The fear now is that the need to print money to finance its deficits will further spur inflation, putting the exchange rate under renewed pressure. Add in the likely jolt to consumption from default, and the recession that the country entered earlier this year will only deepen. Abeceb.com, a consultancy, is predicting that Argentina will contract by 3.5% in 2014; if the country had avoided default the projection was of a milder tightening of 1.5%. Basically, it means that those countries are especially poor even compared to Kenya and other developing countries. Even if the definition includes many indices to avoid an approach based purely on the GDP, you can see that Rwanda and Uganda have a GDP per capita that's roughly half that of Kenya (Burundi is even poorer and Tanzania is in-between, very close to the limit to be listed as a least-developed country). And it was widely successful, average tariffs between GATT countries went from over 20% to below 5% between 1947 and 2001. Global trade grew steadily during this period. The Soviet empire collapsed and joined the system, China eventually did too. So the easy stuff has been dealt with, what you are hearing about now is in fact the complex stuff that was initially kept for “later” (agriculture too has proven difficult but that's another issue). Finally, secure storage facilities do cost money. Even if you have to pay some foreign country for storage (traditionally it was not necessary but some countries now charge for it), it might still be cheaper than creating or enlarging your own vaults. The fear now is that the need to print money to finance its deficits will further spur inflation, putting the exchange rate under renewed pressure. Add in the likely jolt to consumption from default, and the recession that the country entered earlier this year will only deepen. Abeceb.com, a consultancy, is predicting that Argentina will contract by 3.5% in 2014; if the country had avoided default the projection was of a milder tightening of 1.5%. In "Union 1.0," once a workplace voted to organize, it effectively becomes a monopoly, requiring anyone who wishes to work at that facility subsidize the union. My wife, for example, as a teacher, can in many states, be required to financially support the NEA, even if they are promoting things that are exactly contrary to what she and I believe. Right to work does not compel such union subsidies, meaning that my wife would not, say, have to quit her job on principle. She could simply choose not to support the union. As such, the union has to not overreach, serving that useful check. Assuming the ratio is the same across all other institutions and agencies (not sure how reasonable this is), this would work out to around 90000 people working for the European Union. But there are a few other good reasons to continue to store it abroad today. Compro01 mentioned the fact that some of this gold was probably purchased in the US and it would be very complicated to transport it back to Germany. But for gold stored in Germany, you would have the exact same problem when you want to sell it. So it makes more sense to keep gold close to where it can be bought and sold. I don't have an official tally (not sure there is one) but you should definitely not add these numbers up. Most people working for the Commission, the Parliament, and the Council are EU civil servants and included in the 55000 figure. Some of them are not and yet the sum of the numbers you found for the Commission, the Parliament and the Council is less than 55000 but that's to be expected as some EU civil servants work for smaller institutions (the Court, the European Central Bank, etc.) and for specialised agencies.