Being killed by a friend, especially if the friend has also died, leads to the conflict of wanting to find the incarnated friend... Yes? 

“Let me know if you need anything.” 

I am glad to be learning my own personal 'triggers,' and am editing my manuscript accordingly. However, the group leaves me with the sense that there are probably tons of other irritating habits among beginning novelists. (I know that in a sense the things I am identifying are minutiae, but it still bugs me - and may bug other readers too.) 

He felt the characteristic pull, from the left. That might be the wall. He tried to ignore the blindfold. Dammit, it’s hard enough navigating in the dark, without wool allergies to deal with. 

What resources would you recommend to compare two versions of a chapter? I am new to fiction. 

This version is definitely telling, and most people think it is inferior. Up to you. 

Look up synonyms for drive online (just type 'drive synonym' into google.). If you actually do this - you'll see a ton of information about the word 'drive', and you will come away not only with an alternative word for drive but also a much wider understanding of all the ways the word can be used, and its roots (etymology). 

I struggle with show-not-tell because in my opinion everything is telling you something. Even the showiest phrase tells you something concrete. But, that said, some things are more ‘telly’ than others. 

He should engage in some obvious (normal-seeming) compensation, I think, as a result of his guilt. Perhaps, after her death, he tries to help others that he really has no business helping, because of his guilt. 

You have ideas, and you can articulate your ideas. Let's say you have a character that needs to go to a particular place. You might have a good idea in your mind of what that place is, but perhaps you are struggling to find the right words. 

So, I worked for a few days on my manuscript and came up with something original to herald psychic ability, and I am much happier. It was work to get there, but the end result is better and the audience will not have seen this solution before. 

Through this exercise you can expand your vocabulary and also increase your facility with the words you already know. 

Identify what is frustrating about being in an N+1 incarnation (that is, aware that you are living sequential lives). Build from there. It might be: 

Through narration, rather than dialogue. The classic example is (I believe) attributed to Chekov: 

Don't say "he motored to the tarn' just because it sounds unusual. The point is to find the right word and the best word, and to practice using words. 

Or, you can describe what the character is feeling and experiencing. That would be a likely approach by many. Tuck in the experience of the mask, and of his circumstances. Give some of his internal thought process. Something like: 

So there you have it, three ways of showing. There are probably others. 

Being killed by a friend on the battlefield is less compelling because there is no tension in the death - battlefield is naturally dangerous. 

Should I find an online site? this is very uncontrolled. 

^^That's a very different image than the first one. 

But that's too simplistic. How did he go? Where? He drove. To the lake. But you want something more precise, or slightly less simplistic. Here's where a thesaurus can come in handy. 

Trying to resolve normal and consensus consciousness with your experience of a reincarnated life. A wish to send a message to your former self (How might you do this?) A wish to send a message to your future incarnation (How might you do this?) The sense of impossibility of it all ... that we can never escape this mortal coil The sense of wanting desperately to find the answer so that we do not have to repeat another round, but can instead graduate. The idea that everyone around you is also reincarnated, and you cannot really explain this to them, because they might think you're nuts. The fear that you are nuts. Wondering if you were sent back because you didn't 'finish' last time around (overlap with 5 but implying that reincarnation is a result of an accident.) Wondering what other paranormal etc things might be true. Frustration that what is known about the actual history of who you were last time - - - is wrong. (Imagine Marilyn Monroe seeing all the stuff that had been said about her). etc. (or start a list about what is great about reincarnation, the idea of immortality). So, from those, pick a few that are not interesting to you and throw them out. Figure out a few you might run with - - - as a motivational angle for your character. Maybe some with inherent tension between them. Example, #6 has a lot of interesting potential to me, but a few others do too.