The negative one is the love of Potiphar's wife towards Prophet Joseph which is narrated extensively in the middle part of the sura Yosuf starting at verse 12:23. 

There are also verses where "the book" is used in the same way that "the prophethood" is used, i.e. as a more general concept, e.g. verses 29:27 and 57:26. The verse seems to talk about their situation in the after-life and part of their punishment. There other verses which discuss love more generally, e.g. love of believers towards each other, love of God towards his creations, love of believers towards God, love of disbelievers towards worldly matter like wealth, etc. There are also verses also metaphorical verses which some have interpreted as being related to love between women and men, e.g. verse 24:35-36. In summery, it seems that "the book" in "people of the book" in Quran is more general concept and does not refer exclusively to a particular book. 

God may change the rules and this is clear from Quran. You can ask the same question regarding the rules sent to Moses and Jews and the Islamic rules that are narrated in Quran. Sometimes some extra rules are added to the laws as a punishment that makes the laws harder (because people have disobeyed God). Other times the situation changes so the rule also needs to change. None of this means that the rules were not right or just at the time they were given. If a verse comes later and changes a law it is not problematic or inconsistent. An explicit example is change of Qibla. 

Historical athentecity Muslims believe that there has been no error in Quran as revealed to the prophet and that prophet made no mistake in exactly presenting it to the people as it was revealed to him. During the time of the prophet, he was present and was the main reference for Quran. There wasn't a compiled written copy during his time. I assume that this is not the part you are asking about. Your question is about how well what was stated by the prophet is preserved from his time up to today. Anyway, I'm not going deep inside this subject, only note that no non-Muslim is allowed to enter or live in Mecca and that clarifies why there would be no church or temple. But in other places that's not an Islamic order. You see Saudi's clerics give such extreme orders on behalf of Islam then they are the greatest ally for US and Israel in the region as well. They kill Muslims, both Shia and Sunni, for the sake of defending the privileges of the Imperialism in this strategic region, Middle East. Sorry for the political answer, but the question was itself political. 

At the end, let me answer only one question in that list, the one discussing Adam --peace be upon him-- being created from clay: 

Indeed let me add that not only Adam --peace be upon him-- was created from clay but also you and me are still beings created from clay. According to the today science our physical body is refreshing itself every few years, we wash out the dead cells from our skins at bathroom and new cells come to live day by the day. Almost all the cells in our bodies die and new ones replace the older ones, you don't agree? Where such new cells come from? Isn't it right to conclude from what we eat and drink? If yes, then what do we eat? Vegetables and fruits and similar to those beside meat of the animals which eat again from vegetables and fruits, and etc. . Don't you see all these foods are originated from the clay? Isn't water a best solvent that can carry quite many minerals with it? Don't we eat clay in many different deformed forms for our body to refresh itself? If someone dies doesn't his body again change to clay? Isn't our body made of clay that scientists ever raise a question about it being or not being made of clay? Also note that all the limbs of a complete man forms in the womb of his mother, where he is created from what his mother eats and drinks and again you can study how clay with different percentages of minerals are used in a period of nearly nine months for a complete body to form. To Him is due the primal origin of the heavens and the earth: When He decreeth a matter, He saith to it: "Be," and it is. Qur'an 2:117 

Ishaq Kindy was an Arab philosopher at the time of Imam Askari --peace be upon him, he wrote a book under the title of Paradoxes in Quran. Once one of his students came to Imam Askari --peace be upon him-- and Imam complained why there is no one among the students of Ishaq kindy who would answer back his tutor's propositions. The student answered "because he is our tutor and we cannot oppose his statements". Imam asked then if they can induce a meaning instead to their tutor? The student answered "yes"! So Imam taught the student to first get close to his tutor by being kind and respectful, then in a good opportunity to ask him a question, that if it is possible that someone says something and the hearer understand something else? Imam told the student that his tutor will answer: "yes it is possible", then he can further continue asking about Quran if it is possible that God has intended meanings different than those the tutor has understood? And that as Ishaq was a smart man he would get the point. This was done and Ishaq understood his fault and finally he burned his book in fire. See here for references. 

Does Islam have rules for this, is it considered disrespectful to refer to your granddad as granddad, or is it disrespectful to refer to your granddad via his real name? Is the quran supposed to be like this? i.e. you can only relate to those parts of the quran which you have experienced in your life? The other parts just end up going over your head as you can't relate, just as they do with a normal book, if you can't to certain parts of a book. 

What I mean is, if a non muslim who hates islam and starts reading the quran, he will get a totally different meaning from the quran than a muslim who reads the quran. 

Prefer sunni view with evidence from quran/hadith and/or fatwa. For example, I am part of 2 cultures. 1 culture considered it respectful to call people by their first name no matter who they are and what their age is. For example, in 1 of these cultures, it is perfectly respectable to call your granddad by his first name. In the time of the prophet when the wars took place. How did the islamic soldiers fight? Did they just randomly swing their swords at their enemy or did they have some sort of fighting system which they practised?