At their core, Russell's book is about the sequence of ideas and thinkers that ran throughout history leading to where we are now (well, to where we were a hundred years ago when he wrote the book) and Durant's work is about a few of the more major philosophers that participated in that process up until now (or, again, when the book was written). The titles of the books really do reveal what content is inside. The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the Greater Philosophers is about the lives and the opinions of some of the more important philosophers in Western philosophy while A History of Western Philosophy is a trace of its history. 

The Perseus Collection is a great online collection of ancient texts in their original languages (with a built in translation dictionary) as well as lots of different English translations. Here is the Republic. 

If you want to read about the entire history of Western philosophy up to the 1920's you should read Russell. If you want to read a work that focuses more on specific, major philosophers and gives their arguments more detail then you should read Durant. If you want to read Tarnas' views about how the modern world is shaped by the history of philosophy and how our psyche should perceive the cosmos around us then you should read Tarnas. 

Semantic externalism, or more broadly externalism about mental content, is the idea that propositions, intentions, attitudes, etc. derive their meaning from the external world as opposed to internally from the mind itself. Some of the most famous arguments for this view are Putnam's twin Earth thought experiment and Davidson's swampman thought experiment. 

There is a point in ethics where the question stops being about "morally right" and "morally wrong" and it turns into "morally obligatory" "morally permissible" and "morally impermissible." Its not that "right and wrong" or "good and bad" don't mean anything, it's more so that they don't encapsulate the entire story just on their own. 

It suggests that sovereignty has to be interpreted more broadly; if sovereignty is denationalised - where does it leak to? Who owns it when it escapes? 

So to take a box in relation to space; in terms of its relation, we see that it is different, unequal; and yet the same. 

Yes, but not straight-forwardly; it's a spark that might strike - or not. 

By this, to think of the voice within us, as itself; as I; without how we became is probably the wrong approach; we should look to our own personal genealogy; 

corollary: hearing voices as in forms of psychosis is a loosening or weakening of this mechanism; the mirroring dialectic without an external voice to condition it; the voice of the Mother, the voice of compassion; that is the voice of the world. Solitary confinement, as a form of punishment, is exactly this. 

If like is like like, then is unlike like unlike or different? And if different then Being cannot be one, an argument put by Socrates to Parmenides. 

As for animals, especially before contemporary thoughts on this subject, most people argued that animals are not rational moral agents. They argued that the animals don't understand what it means to be ethical, they can't reason within an ethical system, so their actions are not made as a moral agent. As such, we can't assign ethical values to their actions. An animal might kill to eat another animal, but most people would argue that the animal doesn't understand the concept of "murder" or "right vs. wrong" so its not that their actions are neutral, its that they aren't acting with moral agency, they aren't a rational agent. We are moral agents, we understand ethical reasoning and we understand, to a large extent at least, what is morally impermissible and what is morally permissible, therefore acting like an animal isn't an excuse to commit morally impermissible actions. 

The Perseus Collection is a great online collection of ancient texts in their original languages (with a built in translation dictionary) as well as lots of different English translations. Here is the Republic. 

However, additionally, perhaps the french philosophe Deleuze thinking may be helpful here. 

corollary: hearing voices as in forms of psychosis is a loosening or weakening of this mechanism; the mirroring dialectic without an external voice to condition it; the voice of the Mother, the voice of compassion; that is the voice of the world. Solitary confinement, as a form of punishment, is exactly this. 

Actually, all this is also interesting from a metaphysics of light perspective; given geometry is something we do by eye - as opposed to algebra which we do by touch ie counting on ones fingers. 

Lacan would probably say that it is through his Mirror mechanism. That is one has mirrored the voice(s) speaking to you, and internalised it. 

(Both readings, are on only the slightest of acquaintences with either philosophy). 

There's an echo of this in the last paragraph of Joyce's A Portrait of an Artist where the young Stephen Dedalus on the cusp of manhood has an epiphany, or rather Joyce is communicating his: