Running for president makes them better known to lots of people outside of their usual circle. This enhances their celebrity status and increases the sales value of their personality. Even though they might not win this election, going through with it might help them to win other elections for lower positions later. Or at least make some money by selling some books and getting a well-paying job in the industry. 

Forcing government shutdowns was used quite often in the past to enforce political demands. The last one was in 2013 when the Republican-dominated Congress wanted to defund the Affordable Care Act. This situation was actually eerily similar: The President had an expensive pet project which was a major campaign promise for him, but the majority of Congress objected to it. So Congress tried to kill it by refusing funding. In the 2013 shutdown, the President won in the end. Congress gave up and passed a budget with funds allocated to the ACA. 

The average US-American associates "Socialism" with "Stalinism" and "Democratic" with "Policy of the Democratic party". Actual social-democracy has little to do with either. So when explaining social-democratic concepts to them, both terms are best avoided. 

But keep in mind that this is only the formal process. There are also a lot of practical considerations which might make leaving the NATO more complicated than that. The militaries of all NATO partners cooperate very closely. Breaking that up in just a year might be very challenging. 

First let's consider the question "What's so revolutionary about Bernie Sanders"? 

The rules of the senate are simple: two seats per state. So the new state would get two seats on the senate. 

Sanders is the first US politician who gained enough support through social-democratic policies to almost become a presidential candidate. 

Practically, this is very unlikely to work. 

And then there are quite a lot of US military bases in NATO countries. Whether or not the US is allowed to keep each base and for what price would also be a matter of negotiation. Many of the US military bases in Europe play crucial roles for the logistics of various US operations in the middle east. When these negotiations fail, the US forces would be forced to withdraw from these bases, which might in some cases be infeasible in such a short timespan. 

This, however, assumes that there actually is a competitive market for internet access in a given region. If a region is only served by one provider, this is not an option. Also, a neutral internet provider will likely be more expensive, because they do not make any income through preferential treatment fees from content providers. 

The rules of congressional appointment by state are: 

As you can see, Denmark is paying about 60% more per capita on health care. 

That's why feminists react so hostilely to statements like this. The stop-gap measure is presented as a permanent solution to distract from the need for societal change. What feminists would like to hear instead is a statement like: 

When Alaska and Hawaii were added to the union, their two new seats were simply added for the rest of the legislative period to avoid having to kick any elected congressmen out, so it's likely that the same solution would be adopted in this case. After that, the seats would need to be recalculated based on the population numbers. Considering that the majority of inhabitants of the proposed state currently live in Oregon, it is likely that Oregon would lose one seat (from 5 down to 4). But depending on how the population numbers develop in the next years, the result could also be a loss for a different state. 

There were only three cases where US presidents were successfully censured, all of them over 150 years ago: 

One goal of the feminist movement is a society in which young women can enjoy the freedom to go to parties with lots of alcohol without being afraid of sexual assault. 

Denmark spends a smaller percentage of their total budget on health care because their government budget in relation to their population is much larger. 

In European countries it is usually mandatory to register your place of residence with the local municipality. Births and deaths also need to be reported. That means that the local municipalities have a complete list of their residents with enough information about them to know who is eligible for voting. So they can just send every person with suffrage their voting papers prior to the election. 

An internet provider could publicly commit to maintaining net neutrality and use that commitment as an unique selling proposition in their advertisement. Consumers who care about net neutrality could then vote with their wallets and switch to that internet provider. 

There is no duty to register your place of residence. That means if you want to be eligible for voting, you need to register voluntarily. 

Regarding the question "Are people implying the Bernie Sanders movement will result in a violent revolution trying to overthrow the government"?