The most relevant disagreement probably concerns the first [narrow] meaning: while analytic philosophers have fundamentally accepted the new formal science created by mathematicians, continental philosophers generally hold that philosophy should use a specific logic (dialectical, transcendental, hermeneutical, etc.), or even be free of any logical commitment. In contrast, analytic and continental philosophers might have a useful dialogue over the second [grand] meaning ­ i.e., over logic as pure theory. Indeed, it is difficult to deny that they have both been in some way concerned with the misfortunes of theoretical reason after Kant". 

Moreover, when we want to verify validity of inference we do not turn on our Platonic mindsight and survey possible worlds for truth values, instead we try to find an argument that deduces B from A. So Tarski's notion is not only metaphysically loaded but pointlessly so. And pedagogically speaking, it has no adequate counterpart for argument, as intuitively understood. Which leads to some identifying "argument" with inference, and puzzled questions like "why can't we have invalid arguments with tautological conclusions". 

Finally, there is an option “opposite” to fictionalism, which adopts the most prolific ontology imaginable, that of Meinong, with golden mountains and round squares admitted on a par with desks and chairs. A coherent formal version of it was worked out by Parsons in A Prolegomenon to Meinongian Semantics. In a way, the mechanics is not that different from fictionalism or Russell’s paraphrase: 

He did not write it anywhere. The quote itself only calls Gödel and Skolem "alleged proponents", and later in the article Eklund remarks that "the (supposed) evidence that Skolem adhered to first-order logic is that Skolem held that set theory and arithmetic should be given first-order axiomatizations, whereas... evidence that Gödel adhered to first-order logic is the (alleged) fact that Godel insisted on a first-order metalanguage" (p.151), and proceeds to dispute even this limited evidence. He mentions Gödel-Zermelo correspondence of 1931 as the alleged source, and remarks that "neither Moore nor Shapiro provides us with any quotation from the Gödel-Zermelo correspondence showing it to be the case that Godel there did insist on a first-order metalanguage" (p.158). 

Such a view seems coherent to me and arguably delivers the best of both worlds: all of classical mathematics, none of Platonic baggage. Currently popular set theoretic pluralism essentially adopts it: "mathematical reality may be best understood as fractured and indeterminate", there is multiverse of set theories, many different rules, many different games. 

Dummett argues for a different kind of "justification", semantic justification, where interpretations (truth tables in simple cases) are used to show that deductive rules are indeed truth preserving. Of course, the same rules are implicitly used to reason about the truth tables, but this does not erase their explanatory (as opposed to justificatory) value, in place of a vicious circle we get a virtuous hermeneutic circle. An alternative, syntactic, approach to "justifying" deduction is Haack's Justification of Deduction. Here is Dummett on how deduction compares to induction on semantic approach: