Give the donation to the local bishop. 

...which repentance, mercy claimeth; otherwise, justice claimeth the creature and executeth the law, and the law inflicteth the punishment; if not so, the works of justice would be destroyed, and God would cease to be God. 

The collective understanding of (LDS) scripture is essentially: 

The temples of the LDS church have similarities with Solomon's temples, e.g. a basin of water on the backs of twelve oxen. This is a striking difference, as other Christian denominations do not have such temples. 

But loss of employment, local natural disasters, illness, death of a family member, etc. are common. Mormons prepare for the proverbial rainy day. 

Jesus existed in the form of a man even before his birth. 

In regards to Kolob, that name is not in the Bible or Book of Mormon. It is only mentioned in the Pearl of Great Price, and in the Doctrine and Covenants. It is the star nearest to God. 

Mormon, the eponymous compiler of the record, says they wrote using a modified form of Egyptian, which was shorter to write than their native Hebrew 

As far as quality/quantity, it's the same as in the Bible: give God the best of what you have. 

Most of this is from a sermon "A Personal Search for the Meaning of the Atonement". The recording and transcipt are available. Similar statements are also in his book The First 2,000 Years in "The Source of God’s Power." 

For example, the Book of Mormon adds the belief that Adam and Eve could not have children before the Fall. 

As your question alludes to, the role of Joseph Smith as a translator is different from the usual treatment of the Bible, wherein only the original authors are venerated as inspired prophets of God. 

Cleon Skousen, a famous LDS scholar, had interesting things to say about God's power. 

Skousen quotes Doctrine and Covenants 29:36: 

These people are known in the Book of Mormon as the Lamanites. For this reason, the early LDS Church made efforts to convert the Native Americans (and in modern times, the LDS Church has grown quickly in Central and South America). 

And he shall be great like unto Moses, whom I have said I would raise up unto you, to deliver my people, O house of Israel. 

(Thus "Jehovah" is actually just a modern day guess at a transliteration of the Hebrew יהוה.) 

Culturally, there is a strong emphasis on hard work and temporal self-reliance (probably carried over from those early pioneer days). 

Avoid debt Education and a house have been listed as reasonable exceptions, but other debt, particularly consumer debt, is strongly discouraged. 

Apostles -- The pattern of 12 apostles, or special witnesses of Christ, is key to Christ's church. 

Christ received all that the Father had, including his power and glory. And not only did Christ receive this, but the redeemed will receive this as well. 

We don't know the details, and it's possible we will never know in this life. 

God would "cease to be God" if he were unjust. He would his lose his honor, and also his power. Of course, God is just and good, and will be yesterday, today, and forever, and so all things obey him, and he has all power in heaven and in earth. 

Knowing this principle gives us confidence that if we begin to do what God has told us, we will be able to finish it. A way is prepared, even if we don't know what it is right now. 

We know that (1) God was like us (a literal spiritual father-child relationship), and (2) that we can be become like him (heirs of all that he has, and joint-heirs with Christ). Beyond that, little else is known about the exaltation of God. 

Many times, "emergency preparedness" is interpreted as "prepare for the nuclear/end-of-days/zombie apocalypse" by stockpiling food and weapons in bomb shelters. 

The notion that God had a Father does have certain symmetry to it, but it isn't discussed in the scriptures. 

And this was done that their seed might be distinguished from the seed of their brethren, that thereby the Lord God might preserve his people, that they might not mix and believe in incorrect traditions which would prove their destruction. 

A portion of scattered Israel is in the Americas: 

He created us. He (through his Son) saved us. He has commanded that we worship him and pray to him in the name of Jesus Christ. We know and love him. We fear the consequences of not reverencing him. All apply, and specifically to God. 

It's quite simple. The "throne" (power and glory) is that of Jesus Christ and God the Father.