That said, I'm not sure how to handle your example. Kant does discuss the legitimacy of government, which cannot compel citizens to do what they "may not" do, and this constraint would apply to demands forcing citizens to contradict the CA or, presumably, endanger their immortal souls. So, I believe, your case might possibly be rationalized under the CA, given a closer definition of "tyrannical." This seemingly natural mechanism of restoring social equilibrium has, as you imply, many historical-cultural forms and political manifestations. Among the Greeks the Aristotelean sense of "virtue" is portrayed as a median between extremes, with Hubris afflicting and eventually destroying the hero who lacks a sufficiently self-critical sense of place. So, the CA is much stricter and less commonsensical than we might suppose. We cannot simply think we are doing good. The "universal maxim" must enable the "will" in a way that does not ultimately contradict principles of reason, freedom.... and certain Christian assumption of an immortal soul transcending contingency, nature, and physical constraints, at least that is my understanding. Several off-the-cuff answers come to mind. The first is a behavioral test. Is a "philosopher" today readily distinguished from other people by observation in public settings? Probably not. Certainly not to the extent of a Diogenes. Pascal expands this point by saying that people choose different methods, not because some like to be happy and others don't, but because all are pursuing a better life. Over a lifetime of bad decisions, suicide may seem the happiest choice. For both men, the context of the idea is ethics. As far as I see, the only way to chose would be to have a detailed accounting of the value of existence versus nonexistence and compare it to the negative value of suffering. And there are a few other unobtainable figures you would need to be anything like accurate. When you start to think of it in this way, it fails the smell test. Whatever criteria we pick will then, itself, be subject to the Euthyphro dilemma. According to Wikipedia, the question has been reshaped by philosophers and proponents of ethical monotheism to be: Having struggled with the question of physical reproduction, I would further suggest that anyone who includes Singer's suggestion as a factor in their decision is a fool and deserves their own fate. I don't have any real argument for that, however. On other hand, personal life may be negatively impacted by philosophy, and not only via a Socratic fate. Those beset with philosophical urges are famous for personal neglect. Both Thales and Adam Smith tumbled into ditches. Roland Barthes was hit and killed by a milk truck. The foppish Leibniz was praised for appearing so unlike a philosopher. Tellingly, a princess remarked of him: "It is so nice to meet a philosopher who laughs at jokes and doesn't smell bad." This appears to be a near duplicate of a previous question, though I do not recall the reference. I might only suggest that this might be better answered by revisiting Kant than by looking for "the latest." However, Kant is not very lenient towards civil disobedience, and lying is his paradigm example of a CA violation, since lying "universalized" rationally contradicts the very possibility of effectively lying. Your question about the scope of "reasonable generalization" is right on the money. But actually working that out requires working through Kant's entire concept of "reason-freedom" and the CA, and remains, I believe, a vexed question. However, your case as stated does seem far too "consequentialist" to pass muster with the CA. In practical terms, the CA may be best regarding as a "guiding ideal" by which the internal contradictions of faulty moral assumptions may be revealed. First, I would note that there is a fair amount of philosophical literature on this question, and I am not very familiar with it. Camus, for example, argues that the question of suicide is the ultimate manifestation of human "freedom," which is more or less the same as "rationality." Animals, vegetables, and minerals, locked into natural causality, cannot choose "to be or not to be..." or even pose the question, as Hamlet can. It is a possibility that arises only for the rational being. I'd say that for the Aztecs, 3, 4, and 5 (hallmarks of sacrificial systems of worship) so outweigh 1 and 2 that sacrifice of outsiders is seen as virtuous. The victims (as I remember from history and anthropology classes) were usually captured enemies and the sacrifices symbolized the Aztec dominance over its portion of the world. In addition, excellence in battle was highly prized and being captured would be shameful, so killing captives could be seen as a sign of mercy in a twisted way. Purity, avoiding disgusting things, foods, actions. Xodarap asked in the comments: Clarification: Some answers suggest that the idea is tautological. Aristotle acknowledged the idea immediately after the quote above: Fairness, Justice, treating others equally. Respect for tradition and legitimate authority. The original statement of the dilemma is found in Plato's Euthyphro: Socrates and Euthyphro do not themselves resolve the dilemma. Plato, however, does assert the Form of the Good in other writings, which suggests that he would say our moral codes merely reflect goodness and are not themselves a complete picture of the Good.