Matthew 6:12 and forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors He sees repentance as crucial in bringing about fellowship with God: Alternative interpretations Bede's account seems straightforward, but many scholars doubt his analysis of the origin of the word Easter. Ronald Hutton, in Stations of the Sun, accepts that a predecessor of the word was used in association with Christian resurrection festivals in the 8th and 9th centuries. But he points to research that indicates less than perfect accuracy in Bede's explanations of this type, and summarizes: As an aside, it's worth noting that many are much more hesitant to say that Clement quoted the Didache; another option given by those preferring a later date is that Clement was quoting a work that is now lost but served as a source for the author of the Didache.11 A second proponent, I. M. Oderberg, presents several examples in his essay, Reincarnation as Taught by Early Christians (also on WebCite), but does not always clearly source them: It's at least true that others in the early church taught doctrines that resembled Origen's. However, not all who did would normally be considered "church fathers," and even among those who unambiguously are, there's debate over how similar their teachings actually were to Origen's. Anselm's argument takes the following form: All that to say, this isn't idle curiosity. Did the early church "accommodate" faithful concubinage, as Litfin says? In what sense – was it in the musings of a single church father, or set down at an ecumenical council? And if so, under what circumstances would it be allowed? they that have done evil, into everlasting fire (WP) I'm vaguely aware of their arguments, such as "the Great Commission only applied to the apostles," but I'm looking for a better understanding of a) their arguments and b) the biblical basis for those arguments. Collective salvation With that understanding of the hope of salvation and the kingdom of God, it's easy to see how it connects to a concept of collective or societal salvation. In the sermon "What Shall We Do to Be Saved?", King explicitly stated that "the process of social salvation is the same as the process of individual salvation." Annette Yoshiko Reed says in an innovative twist on earlier Jewish traditions, Justin Martyr (c. 100-165) proposed that the progeny of the fallen angels, described in Genesis 6.1–4, became demons who masquerade as deities and trick pagans to explain the origins of pagan worship (cf Psalm 96:5: "For all the gods of the nations are idols..." ). Jeffrey B. Russell says, in The Prince of Darkness, page 63, that after the fifth century, the fallen angels and demons were united in one and the same category of being. Satan, a fallen angel himself, was only partly absorbed into that category. The absence of Jewish support for the concept of original sin does not stem from some contemporary strain of Jewish thought or other influences within Judaism, but has existed from pre-Christian times. It is Christianity that has moved forward with new ideas, at least in the West. Over a period of centuries, the Catholic Church began to take control of the wedding and began to provide the sacrament of marriage. Taking the lead of Augustine (354-430), the Church developed the sacramental understanding of matrimony. James A. Brundage says, in Law, Sex, and Christian Society in Medieval Europe page 236, Gratian [the 12th-century "Father of canon law"] held that it was consummation that turned marriage into a sacrament, thereby making it indissoluble. Wikipedia says the modern Chaldean Catholics are in fact Assyrians, originally from northern Iraq, northeast Syria, northwest Iran and southeast Turkey, an area that does not overlap well with the more southern homeland of the Old Testament Chaldeans. Rome initially named the new diocese, formed by those Assyrians who broke from The Assyrian Church of the East and entered communion with the Roman Catholic Church, the Church of Assyria and Mosul. Some 128 years later, in 1681, this was changed to The Chaldean Catholic Church, despite none of its adherents having hitherto used the name 'Chaldean' to describe themselves or their church. A second proponent, I. M. Oderberg, presents several examples in his essay, Reincarnation as Taught by Early Christians (also on WebCite), but does not always clearly source them: As far as the prevalence of the practice, this is a bit more difficult to confirm, but we do know that Cyril of Jerusalem (313–386) commanded it of women in his catechetical lectures: All that to say, this isn't idle curiosity. Did the early church "accommodate" faithful concubinage, as Litfin says? In what sense – was it in the musings of a single church father, or set down at an ecumenical council? And if so, under what circumstances would it be allowed? Human sin dishonours God and makes mankind his debtor Anselm defines sin as "nothing else than not to render to God his due" (1.11). Anselm summarizes the consequences of sin: Branches of Protestantism are best shown separately, for ease of viewing: The clauses in question appear to be: Matthew 6:12 and forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors