It depends what you consider the essence of a thought. Why would a thought 'start' or 'end' if time is not part of your definition of thinking? If all that exists is the present state, then each intermediate state in the formation of the thought is irrelevant or dubious. You have it when you have it. And there is no contradiction. From the viewpoint of someone like Descartes, contradictions do not controvert omniscience. Instead, the fact that we cannot handle this apparent contradiction merely demonstrates the limitations imposed on our thinking by our nature as temporal, human animals -- including the very notion of contradiction. Applying this notion to mathematics (though through a Kantian lens) Brouwer decided negation is probably an aspect only of temporal thought, based entirely on our notion of before and after in time, and that we should not trust it completely: we should either limit it to finite cases or retain its temporal character. I am not sure that is about any transcendental nature of truth. But it is in its own way deep. It is about the fact that formal language does not contain or confer meaning, it only transfers a point of view from one person to another. This can be useful, but it cannot introduce meaning, it can only point at it. So you may not be able to state in simple premises the exact basis upon which you trust your observations, or state the degree of your certainty. But to act on the basis of that certainty is still often rational. Of course, if we were inclined to look for necessary conditions for giving up boolean logic, the classic Sorites paradox (how many grains of sand in a "pile" of sand?) would be a much better candidate than quantum mechanics, due to its accessibility. It is also illustrative of how it might be difficult to produce conditions necessitating the rejection of classical logic, because there is also a millenias-old practical approach to solving problems such as the Sorites: rather than asking yes/no questions about piles of sand, simply describe the shape, mass, and composition of the pile of sand — that is, describe it on a more precise level, using the tools of arithmetic and geometry, and restrict your use of boolean logic to reasoning in the mathematical theory instead of coming up with arbitrary and sophist-icated notions of "pileness". The difficulty in coming up with any phenomenon which cannot be solved using classical logic is that can always supply a sufficiently robust logical framework with more tools (arithmetic, geometry, calculus, category theory, material science...) to help it to do the job. The question is to what extent these extra tools are revealing the structure of reality, or instead amount to an analysis by epicycles, wherein the very complexity of the tool guarantees the existence of a solution but without any guarantees of simplicity or elegance. Some A are not B: ∃x: (x:A) & ¬(x:B); Now, mathematics is usually done with classical logic, in which conditionals A ⇒ B can be vacuously satisfied (that is, A ⇒ B will be true if A happens to be false). A logic in which A ⇒ ~A is false whenever ~A is true, must not use material implication — that is, it must be that A ⇒ B is not equivalent to ~A v B. But it must do more than just this: it must, among other things, make it impossible to derive the above proof of R ⇒ ~R for the specific case of the proposition R above relating to the square root of 2. I suspect that this might be difficult to achieve. We sometimes say instead something like 'There is a murderer in this room', but without meaning to definitely assert that there is exactly one such person. Again, if we suppose that there are only finitely many people in the room ("Colonel Mustard", "Mrs. Peacock", "Professor Plum", ...) then this statement is equivalent to Frege, Quine, Geach and Dummett are all worth studying on this subject. The SEP article on identity is a helpful introduction. To say 1=1 does not express identity because there is a spatial difference between the left and right is confusing the thing with the symbol that denotes it. The number one is identical with itself. Of course a serious issue arises over how symbols denote things, and there is much debate over this. Frege held that names are a kind of abbreviated definite description, but this is only one of many accounts of the meaning of names. Classically, there is no difference. Identity is a two place predicate which has the value true if its arguments are numerically identical and false otherwise. One can write such a predicate as Identical(x,y) or one can write it as x=y. The latter is just 'syntactic sugar' that makes sentences easier to read, but it expresses the same thing. This is the way identity is employed in logic, in particular in predicate logic, and by extension in mathematics. There are plenty of contexts (intensional contexts) in which identity relations appear to violate the indiscernibility of identicals. For example, "Mary knows that George Orwell wrote 1984" might be true, while "Mary knows that Eric Blair wrote 1984" might be false (even though George Orwell = Eric Blair). In general what this means is that while a given identity relation might correspond to a purely extensional equivalence in a particular logic, there might be a more expressive logic in which that identity relation is not extensional.