Question: is there a legal way that can be used to force the President of United States to undergo a mental health examination? On the theoretical level, according to this article, it is not impossible for one to suddenly develop mental illness, but this is typically linked to other condition. So, it can happen during a four-year term. But, nothing about any mental health examination. According to [this article] Donald Trump disclosed a few details of one of his previous physical examinations: I assume that mental health assessment is harder to be objectively performed, as opposed to physical one, which deals with clear intervals of normality, but I think that many aspects reached scientific consensus and can be used. According to this article, there seem to be a debate about Trump's mental health: One example of such use is for mental evaluation of drivers, as indicated in this article (my emphasis on aspects that I find relevant for a possible evaluation of a President): Important note: although I use references about the current President, my question should be regarded as a general one, not specifically related to Donald Trump. I am not interested in the actual details, only that there is a doubt coming from the some professionals about the mental health of the President. Of course, without proper professional evaluation, everything can be regarded as speculation. The law nor the ethical code don't specify that a blind trust is mandatory. However, most lawyers view it as a practical way to deal with the provisions of this code spec (the parent of the one above): A blind trust virtually guarantees accordance with this provision. Rather than evaluating every policy, action, and statement the President may or will make, some of which could be very tangential and give the optic of corruption, all modern day Presidents have opted for the simple convenience of the Blind Trust. [W]henever a particular statute contravenes the Constitution, it will be the duty of the judicial tribunals to adhere to the latter and disregard the former. Ari Fleisher had this interesting Tweet to share on his own research: link [W]here the will of the legislature, declared in its statutes, stands in opposition to that of the people, declared in the Constitution, the judges ought to be governed by the latter rather than the former. They ought to regulate their decisions by the fundamental laws, rather than by those which are not fundamental. . . . Nothing in the constitution lays out any requirements for the form or logic of a Presidential pardon, other than "I say so". So he said so on twitter. This is the only version that seems to have been released to the public in any sense directly from the White House or the government in general. This image appears in a Washington Examiner article, and is attributed to a Twitter post of Michael Keiffer, who interviewed Arpaio. Assuming this is the actual pardon Arpaio received, the seal of the Department of Justice would indicate that some copy of the file is on record somewhere within that Department. Arguably, the only restriction the constitution places on the president's pardon power is that it can only be used to pardon federal crimes. Current legal opposition to the Arpaio pardon is based less on "the constitution specifically says you can't do this" and more on the meta-argument of "what's the point of even having a constitution if he can do this kind of thing?". There are other Q&A's on this site that deal with this more specifically. In fact, pardons can be very non-specific, so that rules-lawyering lawyers don't try to circumvent the intent with technicalities. The pardon of Arpaio is fairly specific, though the second point is non-specific: no specific crimes are pointed out, just completely arbitrary crimes that otherwise fall under a particular legal umbrella. At the extreme end, Ford's pardon of Nixon was for any and all crimes committed, possibly committed, or in any way involved in, over a period of several years.