For me, the test case here is promises. Every promise is a lie, no one can predict the future or assure a given outcome. But the intention matters more. And we do not delineate promises from calculated predictions in which we attest faith. So we are not suspending truth, as in a story. We are speaking a truth through the medium of falsehood. Religious figures who incorporate this perspective sometimes phrase it in Darwinian terms. There is an obligation to the forces that formed you for you to find and contribute what is unique within you and transcends what is currently natural to everyone. So you can contribute change to drive evolution forward. A lot of 'critical theory' people launch from there and simultaneously undermine or devalue all of our shared standards of aesthetics as well, and that leads to the notion of global anti-realism. But they cannot cast that whole debt back on Nietzsche, they generally need to pull in Marxism, psychoanalysis or other leverage to accomplish the more important half of the task. A simple example is the class of even numbers and the class of odd numbers. Each integer falls in exactly one class. Now one forms the set FF_2 with these two classes as its elements. Denote by "0" the class "Even" and by "1" the class "Odd". Then you can derive addition and multiplication for the two elements of FF_2 from the corresponding operations on the set of integers. E.g., one defines 1 + 1 := 0 in FF_2, because "odd" + "odd" is "even". I consider the success of natural science the strongest argument for the existence of "real" external objects. It is very influential in so far it convinces at least all natural scientists :-) On the field of cognitive science Thomas Metzinger has contributed a theory about the role of the first person as the center of our world model. See his book "Being No One. The Self-Model Theory of Subjectivity" and the different companion texts by the author. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Metzinger On the academic level good expositions of Plato's philosophy exist, e.g., "The Oxford Handbook of Plato" contains an essay by Verity Harte on "Plato's metaphysics". She discusses the fundamental topics of the Theory of Forms. The book does not cover modern speculations and work in progress, neither different approaches to quantum gravity, notably string theory and loop quantum gravity, nor speculations about multiverses. Herefore I recommend the series of books by In my opinion your question addresses the fundamental aspects of Plato's theory of forms. Apparently Plato’s thinking does not make the technical distinction between ontology and epistemology as we do today. The dichotomy between the domain of the visible and the domain of the intelligible can be found as a characteristics in all of Plato’s philosophy. The question refers to ontology. The classification matter or mind is a strong simplification. I would contend that the 'smelly' non-Popperish theories that rescue themselves instead of accounting risk have this quality, they begin as revolutions and retreat to applying puzzle-solving skills to a set of idees fixes which lets them backslide into permanently pre-scientific devotion. Second, to my mind, this is a clearly undecidable proposition. Given phenomena, you can either assume something or nothing is behind them. If we got behind them and discovered a basis, the 'nothing' camp would immediately simply add that basis to the list of things we consider physical, and, the end of time notwithstanding, the 'something' camp would still find unexplained phenomena. From within an Epicurean point of view, given the existence of power and empathy, there is not a problem here. The bullet-pointed question is on point entirely, but 'when someone in pain dies' is outside the relevant frame of reference, unless that person is you. The release from pain of other people is not something that you can consider. How could you judge the balance of their pleasure and pain? Why would you try to do the impossible? I would not name neither the concept of the thing-in-itself nor the empty set a principle. Possibly you can explain a bit why you consider both similar regulative principles. On the academic level good expositions of Plato's philosophy exist, e.g., "The Oxford Handbook of Plato" contains an essay by Verity Harte on "Plato's metaphysics". She discusses the fundamental topics of the Theory of Forms. ad 1: In my opinion the best introduction to the question "What is a Platonic form?" is Plato's Symposion, section 210ff from Diotima's speech. Here Plato exemplifies the theory of forms by the idea of beauty. In modern terms: Plato shows how to approach an idea by abstraction from concrete examples. It is a bottom-up approach. Kant’s reasoning in his critical philosophy focus on epistemology. So Kant's constructivist epistemology has a different aim than Plato. Even when thing-in-itself is a technical term from Kant’s ontology, Kant claims that we cannot know anything about it. It is just a necessary hypothesis. Of course one can use a purely descriptive term like time in a normative context, e.g., Use the remaining time! But then it is the imperative, which is normative, not the term time.