I would never have experienced the joys of using one, if it had not been for the fact that my Grandfather's New Wife bought me one. I know I came to consider it an essential blessing, but never really studied its actual benefits/pitfalls. 

First, I would reassure you, as did one of the other responses, that counting will not impact is perception like/dislike of math. In the mind of the child, one is about time and the other is altogether different. How to Increase Your Production If you Need to If you do have low production and find you aren't making quite enough to keep baby fed, you can use the pump right after nursing your baby (OR right before) to help increase production. This will lengthen the nursing time and signal your body to increase its production of milk. 

While nursing, cracked nipples can be excrutiatinly painful. What does a mom do to help alleviate the pain while her nipples heal? 

With this method, at the stage/age you are at now, it goes over how to wake baby gently and put baby down in a settled calm way so that baby falls back to sleep again on his/her own and learns to settle him/herself so sleeping comes easier later as well. 

If you care about what she cares about you further communicate she is important, but you also let her know that her interests and talents (whatever they are) are interesting. Perhaps you were good at something, but your parents didn't encourage it because they didn't see value in it when you were small. Relish in her accomplishments with her by celebrating with her (when she is older and the time comes), but also let her teach you. When she is first exploring a new subject or talent, ask her questions about it - don't be fake about it, but even if your questions are about finding out about what she knows or thinks - you can ask questions. To the child that really is trying hard, this will feel the same way as getting a genuine compliment, but all you are really doing is noticing a strong effort that is being made. When the child is able to kick the ball a, "Wow! all that practice seems to have really paid off" helps to also compliment the efforts of the child, celebrate the success, and instill a mindset that knows practice and effort yield good results (an attitude many of the most successful people (who also have a decent self-esteem) seem to have (Mindset, Carol Dweck).