Your construction is the same as in these sentences: There are two theories about the origin of the Germanic word, which is still uncertain: Hebrew is an Afro-Asiatic language, whereas Proto-Germanic is an Indo-European language. We don't know of any relation between these two language families: if there is any, it is shrouded in the mists of remote prehistory. Barring very strong evidence to the contrary, any similarity between a Hebrew word and a Germanic word must therefore be ascribed to coincidence. A participle often expresses the circumstances in which the subject performs the action of the finite verb; that is why you can often replace it with a while or because clause, an adverbial constituent of time or cause: The fact that my homework is also felt to be identical to the thing you feel good about is accidental, it is a red herring: the construction is exactly the same as in I hurt my hand repairing the car, where repairing the car is in no way the thing you hurt your hand about/in/whatever. In traditional grammar, the word doing is a participle in all your examples. It modifies the subject, I. This can be made more visible by reversing the word order, which results in a somewhat artificial but transparent sentence with identical meaning: But this elliptic clause is still quite different from the participial construction in your examples; notice how the ellipsis is not possible with because. Do you have any information about the origin of the Hebrew word? It is possible that the -ilis part in -bilis is related to the separate suffix -ilis as used in habilis, but I cannot find a definitive etymology for -bilis. The insight that I think can be added is that the marked forms (I, he, she, they) appear obligatorily when they constitute the entire subject of an overt finite verb. Adjacency in a strict sense is not necessary, e.g. Most sentences contain presuppositions. For instance: To sum up, the presence of presupposition is closely associated with the nature of predicates. Some predicates allow presupposition, whereas others do not. There is no easy path to understanding in such cases. One has explore which primary predicates allow presupposition, and which ones do not, and which types of secondary predicates always bear presupposition, and which ones are influenced by the primary predicate. The key observation about presupposition is that one of the predicates is primary and any other predicate(s) that are present are secondary. In this case, the predicate 'leave' is the primary predicate and the predicate 'have' is a secondary predicate. Presupposition always resides with secondary predicates. From a syntactic point of view, the primary predicate is usually associated with the main verb of the main clause, whereas secondary predicates are expressed elsewhere in the sentence, for instance in a subordinate clause or in a noun phrase. What happens is that in connected, fast speech function words get unaccented and "show reductions of the length of sounds, centralization of vowels toward /ə,ɪ,ʊ/ and the elision of vowels and consonants" (Cruttenden 2014: 273). However, there is no direct evidence to support this hypothesis but we may have some indirect evidence. And there are British dialects where [o:] is not diphthongized. After all, in Middle English it wasn't, either. It got diphthongized during the Great Vowel Shift. There are dialects where the glide is a schwa etc. their incredible story (specifier; your "modifier") their story of the trip in space (complement; your "complement") It is even discussed in slightly "less technical" literature, e.g. Aspectual classes are traditionally states (know), achievements (recognize), accomplishments (build a house), and activities (build). Sometimes aspectual classes are called lexical aspect, so, to avoid terminological confusion and unnecessary baggage, a new term actionality has been proposed (e.g. Tatevosov 2003). Theological issues aside, I can see several wrong assumptions in your question. Now, your example. The unacceptability of the sentence "They build a house next to mine" under habitual reading is infelicitous because of extralinguistic considerations. More information about the chronology of this change could come from the development of OE giefan (> PDE give). The ODEE mentions that the non-patalal variant appears c.1200 and that the regular ME forms yive, yeve etc. “prevailed in southern and midland writings till XV.” Now about "Gad" and English "god". The wrong assumption here is what Yuri Otkupschikov called "chronological scissors" (chronological disparity). You are comparing words that don't belong to the same time period. Yes, in OE the word was "god" but looking at other Germanic languages you can't help but notice that originally the root vowel was not "o" but rather "u", e.g. have a look at this.