Interestingly, in most cases, children would remain in the custody of the father. We have examples of this in the case of the daughters of King Louis VII of France and his wife Duchess Eleanor of Aquitaine. Louis and Eleanor were eventually granted an annulment of the ground of consanguinity, and their daughters Alix of France and Marie of France were given into the custody of their father. In this particular case, the girls were declared illegitimate in the courts, but not because of the annulment. 

For much of the medieval period, the only way to disseminate knowledge (scientific or otherwise) was by personal letter or in books. In a very real sense, this preserved the traditional structures of authority, knowledge, and even doctrine. 

I don't know of a similar history for the French Deuxième Bureau, but I suspect they faced similar issues. After all, the Bolsheviks in Russia advocated worldwide revolution. 

The monastery at Luxeuil in Burgundy had enough land to support 15,000 manors. Another bishop of St Martin of Tours in France ruled something like 20,000 serfs. 

As far as I'm aware, this was something particular to the early Celtic church in Ireland. 

The answers are contained in the Wikipedia paged linked in the question. The quote from US Secretary of State George Marshall's speech at Harvard University on June 5, 1947 explains: 

You can read much more detail in the record of the debates on the Marshall Plan in the US Congress in the Congressional Record of the 80th Congress (further volumes are also available on archive.org). This includes the observations and opinions of the senate members, which are particularly appropriate in the context of your question. 

In fact, the published evidence appears rather to suggest a group of Bronze-Age farmers, using the weapons available to them, led by a small group of elite warriors armed with weapons of the types familiar from Bronze-Age burials. 

In terms of the numbers involved, it does seem a bit of a stretch to extrapolate from the remains of 124 individuals to: 

In Ireland, as elsewhere, the major monasteries became extremely wealthy in both land and gold. They also gained political importance. What was almost unique to Ireland, however, was that, because of the feudal roots of the Monastic system, many monasteries became increasingly secularised from the 8th century, as the close ties between ruling families and monasteries manifested themselves.