Edit with added detail: From this thread Beyond those two knowns there is some speculation about the Sorceress from Diablo II being tied to a Blizzard short story that provides the backstory for the female Wizard but that is outside the game, and speculative. For out of game info on monsters you can check out http://d3db.com/npc , and also http://www.d3lexicon.com/data-monster/ . Both are database style sites that give info on the monsters based on game data. Particularly important, you can find out the levels of monsters from these sites, which can be used to calculate the experience you'll get for killing them. From what I have researched, the Druid, Amazon, and Assassin are not mentioned at all. In an effort to make the answer more general, I'll include the updated drop rates for all zones. From the patch notes posted here, the approximate drop rates for all zones are: With the Paragon system in place, we’re capping Magic Find and Gold Find to 300% (before Nephalem Valor). This means that without any Magic Find gear at all, you’ll hit the cap when you reach Paragon level 100. With the 1.0.4 patch, Bliz has announced that Nephalem Valor will be modified to provide a 15% experience bonus, in addition to the magic find and gold find bonuses that it alread provided. After the patch there is also a cap on MF/GF to 300%, however Nephalem Valor will be added after that cap, so with 5 stacks of NV, it is possible to hit 375%/375% MF/GF. The official Diablo 3 Game Guide is now live, and includes an introduction which sets the stage for new players entering Diablo 3 without the background of the previous games. I believes backs up the updated content in my first edit. Ghom. Siegebreaker Assault Beast. Cydaea. Azmodan. Given a 2% drop rate for Act I, you are probably just unlucky - or rather, you'd be very lucky if you got one. Each of the Barbarian primary abilities generate "X Fury per attack". Fury is then used by the secondary abilities, and if you mash the right mouse button like me your beefy Man or woMan will soon be reminding you gruffly about his or her lack of anger with the minions of Hell. Free range bosses are also described at that link, but it will take research by someone at 60 to answer whether they count (and I am not yet 60). I would note that champions and uniques should not be expected to count, as they are specifically mention differently in the Blizzard post. The green lettering indicates aspects of the skill that can be modified by runestones. If you look at the runestone tooltip after you apply the runestone you can see how it affects the skill. For example when "Clobber" is applied to "Bash" you can see the 20% chance of Knockback is replaced with 35% chance to Stun. Fecklar's Ghost or see also here - Unique Enraged Phantom- Festering woods - Act 1 Yes, Caltrops do affects flying opponents. See 9:37 or 9:33 in this video where a bat triggers one. So I've done some additional research, and I believe I have found the most credible Blizzard sourced information on the subject. At this link you can see a video in which a Blizzard panel member from Blizzcon 2011 explains that generally, you don't know what happened to the heroes from Diablo II. They specifically state that all that is known are hints and vague references, deliberately. They do go on to confirm a special case where you run into the apprentice of the Necromancer from Diablo II during a chance encounter in Act II. This thread on Blizznet also discussed some of the known lore related to the Necromancer's apprentice. According to the wiki and numerous other sources Diablo 3 takes place 20 years after the events of Diablo 2, so the previous adventurers may be too old to swing morning stars against the minions of Hell at this point. The wiki also specifically mentions that Tyrial sent the previous heroes off to live in safety as a reward for their deeds in the last game. So my old Barb is likely bar tending at the Masculine Grunt Inn, telling patrons "This is yours... For you... A gift for you." It is safe to assume that the Act bosses count as bosses, but what is less clear is if free range bosses count. The Act bosses are: In additional clarifications from Blizzard, some more of your specific questions are answered. Diablofans has a good recap here. Pertinent details are: There is also mention that by Brother Malachi, the healer in Act 1 that "Zakurum has fallen to disgrace," which bodes ill for the Paladin from Diablo II, if he is still alive. I can add from other comments in the thread that you lose the bonus for logging out (after a small timeout for dropped links), but not for dying. Note also from the below that killing additional champion/elite/unique monsters restarts the 30 min timer for each kill. Note also that killing purple (Elite quest mobs), does not count. Skeleton king. Araneae. The Warden. Butcher. Dataminer - a unique Ghastly Gravedigger - found in the Defiled Crypt - Act 1 A: They will drop gear as good as champions and elites with this buff (because you have to kill champions and elites to get it, which was the point). With the buff active you’re guaranteed one extra item drop from the boss, and it’s likely that it’ll be 1 item per stack of the buff. Up to X stacks. We don’t know how many it’ll be, probably a handful.