That's because this question is an example of a particular bête noire of mine. It falls within the weird and wacky, "what-if ...?" world of counter-factual history. 

OK. I know that I said in the comments that the short answer to the question is "yes". In fact, the short answer should more accurately be "probably". 

However, ancient writers also say explicitly that pirates possessed and used galleys. Cicero, for example makes several references to the pirates' use of galleys in his fifth book against Verrus. 

(I think I've mentioned elsewhere on a number of occasions that I am really not a fan of counter-factual history. In this article, Richard J Evans sets out some of the reasons why 'What if' is a waste of time. I think he is right!) 

This question is an excellent example of the problems with counter-factual history, so, just to illustrate the point, let's set out the problem: 

The Roman province of Mesopotamia had been established by the Emperor Septimius Severus in c 198 CE. (Technically, one might argue that the province was re-established by Septimius Severus, since an earlier province had been established by Trajan, before being given up by his successor, the emperor Hadrian). 

In 2010, the authors were able to state that: 

So, let's get back to the question. If the Greeks had fallen and were taken under Persian rule would there have been any force in Europe capable of preventing a complete annexation of Europe? 

Caesar crossed the Rubicon on 10 January. Plutarch states that he captured Ariminum before daybreak on the following day. Given good travelling conditions, Antony would certainly have had time to join Caesar at his camp before he crossed. However, if we make allowance for the weather (it was January) it is actually just as likely that he arrived shortly afterwards and joined Caesar with Longinus at Ariminum as Caesar and Adrian Goldsworthy state. 

It is certainly true that many of the foundations for later civilisations, like the development of agriculture, the development of writing, and even an invention of the wheel, can be traced to The Fertile Crescent. 

Furthermore, we know from this and other sources that Thutmose III had cultivated his reputation as a warrior. It seems likely he would want to remain close to his army while on campaign outside Egypt. 

It is interesting to note that during Sulla's two year term as dictator, he was supposed to have had well over a thousand of his political opponents put to death. This resolved the problem of factions within the senate (discussed above), and Sulla was able to retire from office, eventually dying peacefully in his bed. 

In this case, the facts are as follows: 

Sources Chunxiang Li, Hongjie Li, Yinqiu Cui, Chengzhi Xie, Dawei Cai, Wenying Li, Victor H Mair, Zhi Xu, Quanchao Zhang, Idelisi Abuduresule, Li Jin, Hong Zhu and Hui Zhou: Evidence that a West-East admixed population lived in the Tarim Basin as early as the early Bronze Age, BMC Biology, 2010, 8:15 

(Aside: Note that the reference is to " Richard Clark"The process of judicial hanging", Capital Punishment U.K. Retrieved April 15, 2007.", which is not currently available; you might want to check the wayback machine) 

Once you're encircled, there is no chance to win, and you know it. The only option is to break out. If you can't break out, you will die when and where your opponent chooses. 

tl; dr - encirclement creates a mobility advantage for the encircling forces. Ultimately encirclement permits the encircling commander to choose the location, time, conditions, and duration. The defending/encircled force has no options. 

The wikipedia page on gens notes that 

Another example is going to be very common; a soldier is wounded and unconscious, but awakens before the dead are buried. This is not an example of "faking death", but fits some of OP's requirements. 

At some point many cultures develop horticulture or agriculture - social organization tends to shift to a Priest-King dynamic, and social unit size expands into the hundreds. Religious activity changes to an organized priesthood (necessary to organize the activity of 10-100x more people operating in a social unit). This is where human sacrifice is most common - men must die to appease the fertility gods. I'm vastly oversimplifying; the material is very easy and very available, but you're studying anthropology, not history). Literacy appears at this stage. 

- Cline, Eric, and David O'Connor. "The Mystery of the Sea Peoples." Mysterious Lands. London: UCL, 2003. 

According to the Oxford Companion to Archaeology, the term New Kingdom was introduced by the German historian Eduard Meyer in his Geschichte des Altertums. English Egyptologists adopted his usage, displacing their earlier designation of the period as the "Empire". 

The video's depiction is, of course, quite wrong. Commius was an envoy of Caesar during his 55 and 54 BC invasions. He eventually switched sides during the uprising of the Gauls, but fled to Britain after being defeated in 51 BC. So, even if we count his Belgic kingdom as part of Rome, it definitely wasn't in existence during Caesar's invasions. 

England was by no means "much" further away from France. The Strait of Dover is only 33.3km away from France at the closest. You can see Calais atop the White Cliffs, and vice versa. So even if it was appreciably more dangerous to sail across the North Sea, such a journey could be avoided by simply taking a short hop from France. 

The Wikipedia page cites several controversies about the alleged Buddhist persecutions. Simmons & Sarao, 2010 is mentioned in the wikipedia page and bibliography as one contrary opinion. There are several others mentioned on that page. 

If you enemy can flank you, he can carve you to pieces - if you turn your shield from the front to the side, the front will kill you. If you don't, the side will kill you. There is no option to turn to the rear; people behind you can kill you at no risk to themselves. 

OP suggests that the formation could form a square. (Aside: Someone challenged me on the point that OP suggests they form a circle; simple geometry tells us that the circumference of the circle expands with the radius; the shields stay the same size; circle is a suicide formation; what you want and what the video linked to below shows is square.) Squares are not mobile. An excellent squad might be able to march in square, but the encircling forces will always have greater mobility. The force with the greater mobility gets to choose where and when to concentrate forces; the encircled force has no options. Somewhere in that square is the weakest link and the encircling forces can attack it mercilessly; the defending (less mobile) forces cannot adapt. The defender must accept that the attack will occur on the weakest possible location and relentlessly. Attackers can use their strongest, freshest forces against the defenders weakest, wounded, tired, forces.