You need to look at the context. Communism was crumbling everywhere. By 1989, Gorbachev made it clear that USSR will not intervene, and it was perfectly clear that the communist power could not be kept. The choice was not "keep power by force" vs "relinquish power" but "relinquish power peacefully" or "be forced out". The Soviets could not produce "aviation-grade" (high-octane) gasoline. Savitsky in his memoirs writes that when the US stopped delivering the aviation gasoline in June 1945, the speed of his fighter planes dropped by 10-20%. This seems enormously significant. 

IOW, the difference between Mao and Chiang was tactical (how to Make China Great Again) while the difference between Right and Left in the European eyes is strategic (what are the proper priorities a society ought to have). Broadly speaking, there are two strategies in winning a war: "attrition" (starving the enemy into surrender) and "overwhelming" (defeating the enemy on the battlefield). 

In Eastern Europe it was either actual Soviet troops (Germany-1953, Hungary-1956, Czechoslovakia-1968) or the imminent credible threat thereof (Poland-1980). Local troops has never been particularly reliable. 

Spain had its own indifference - since they could not affect the Chinese war and could not hope for any help from them, the relationships were probably tenuous at best. They had a skeleton crew in Shanghai International Settlement of course, but not much more. Backstage I think you place far too much emphasis on ideology. The right/left dichotomy is fairly euro-centric. 

The implacability of the conflict between Mao and Chiang is more circumstantial (ethnic differences compounded by the conflict with Japan, note that the "one ethnic China" is another euro-centric mirage, in fact, China has many dialects) than principled (ideological disagreements). 

"American leaders" have better things to do than entertain impossibilities. 

The reason Waffen-SS had good reputation is that they were supplied better than the Heer - both in men and materiel - especially at the end of the war, when they became more numerous and the regular divisions were bled white (see above). And impeachment (combined with the separation of powers, making Legislature independent from the Executive) is the nice alternative. You might want to look at books by Paul Preston about Spain (e.g., Revolution and War in Spain, 1931-1939). 

I suspect that you are overthinking it. PPS. I don't have a reference for discussions of greenhouses in preparation for collectivization, just like I don't have a reference for discussions of Urban agriculture. PS. See also Andre Geim - Biographical An interesting remark on the subject was made by Israel Gelfand in late 1980-ies, during his pre-seminar schmoozing. He said that, while the discrimination was initially directed against the Jews, it eventually was expanded to include all bright applicants. The reason was that to effect the policy, the admission committees had to be staffed with people willing to be unfair (give super-hard problems to specific individuals) to people they dislike (there was no lack of volunteer anti-Semites). Such people would tend to let their personal feelings affect their fairness across the board, not just towards the "official undesirables". Thus they would let their natural envy towards bright kids negatively affect their fairness. This is why even non-Jewish graduates of the best schools (e.g., 57) found it harder to gain admission. PPS. To answer comments: there can be no "post-resignation impeachment" - like you cannot kill an already dead person. When Nixon resigned, he became a subject to common prosecution like any other criminal - there was no need to impeach him anymore. However, Ford's pardon removed any possibility to prosecute him - that's the meaning of the word pardon. 

Further It's hard to prove a negative (in this case, "nothing interesting existed between Spain and China in the 1930-ies") outside of Math. 

As mentioned by @Kunikov, the Soviets stopped truck production - but they could not produce anything comparable to Studebakers they were receiving from the US anyway. 

The major point is that both belligerent nations recognize that the war is a temporary affair in their long-term relationships and that a decent treatment of diplomats serves both sides.