"Meet the Robinsons" (the movie) The idea of "keep moving forward" is illucidated in this movie along with "celebration of failure". Everyone cheers when Louis makes a mistake. Find a way to empower her Allow her to brainstorm some ideas for things that might make her feel safer. Can she help install the new window? Would she like to sleep in a room further away from that neighbor or change where her bed is so it isn't in line with whatever window is in her room (to help her feel safer?) Again, if you offer up the ideas, it might actually scare her more - my examples are only that - I don't know all the specifics, but see if she has any ideas that are reasonable and realistic or at least simple enough to offer her a sense of power over her situation. I don't think kids should ever be ENCOURAGED to swear, but I do think some space needs to be made to allow for an occasional curse word. As a middle school teacher I had to figure out how to handle this question with my students in a way that would be appropriate for the classroom and allow room for kids from a variety of backgrounds coming from a variety of expectations in the home. I have found the answer I used with them to suit very nicely at home with my own child as well. I always told my students they would sound more intelligent and have more success if they used a wide-ranging vocabulary and used it in a precise manner. For your specific circumstances it might also help if your son can take an active roll in attending to his sister's needs as well. You may find he is a great help and that his sense of self worth and confidence grows with his sense of responsibility. If he can tell you stories and talk about thing WHILE you are both helping his sister, you've been able to do something wonderful for both your kids at the same time. Her methods of stalling tend to be the same ones most kids use and I have countermoves for most of them. However, I am amazed at how she can easily trick other adults (and yes, sometimes I fall for it too - occasionally) into engaging in conversations with her that delay whatever it is she is attempting to delay. My child is highly curious and has become a bit of a Mrs. Kravitz around our house. Since her Dad and I know this and she is our daughter, we are generally careful if we need to be to just not be "interesting" unless we know she is sound asleep - or know that what we are talking about should either involve her or it doesn't matter if she hears it all. For most things, natural consequences like this are much more likely to help better. You might have asked her to help set the table for dinner at some point. As an example of how this style might look if she were to refuse helping is to handle it as follows: If she isn't willing to help get dinner ready, start by asking her why? After you've shown her you are willing to listen, state your needs. Maybe she is saying no because she is going potty, or maybe she'd like a couple more minutes so she can finish the picture she is coloring - no big deal, but she needs to set the table before (set time limit). If she still isn't willing to help, then eventually, she shouldn't get any of the stuff you cooked. I might start with a response like reading "The Little Red Hen" first and escalate from there. No one wants to continue to serve someone that doesn't do her fair share too - including Moms and Dads. Eventually, after you are sure she understands this connection, you can give her a piece of bread and let her figure out how to make a sandwich or toast, but you've put effort into preparing a meal and she needs to share in the preparation some way, if she won't set the table, she doesn't get to participate in the eating.