Note that the spiritual precursor to the Magna Carta was the Charter of Liberties issued by Henry. In the beginning only very select people were sent to the colonies, because it was enormously expensive to transport and support them, so only people favored by the crown and parliament were sent. The "puritans" were extremist Protestants who were favored by the English parliament and crown. They saw the colonies as a way to create a pure Calvinist society untainted by the immorality and papism in the British isles. 

The following paper is a pretty detailed treatment: The dynamics of the situation were that Hitler actually had a minority of support, but those who did support him were near-fanatical; that is why he was able to take over. At the time many people, typically upper middle class wage earners were dismayed at the rise of the National Socialists, but they were drowned out by the parades, celebrations and esprit of that party. 

I know 3 of them (not including Kennedy that you have already identified): Usually such countries have all attributes of democracy: a constitution and parliaments, even an "elected president". But really this is a rule of one person, who is secretly elected by a small band, called Politburo of the Communist party, usually for life time, unless the same Politburo stages a coup. The only difference is that in some of these countries this power is hereditary and in others it is not. 

Bolsheviks and Mensheviks were the split parts of the Social-Democratic party, (SD) which in 1917 was a minority party in all respects. So one cannot say that they expressed the views of the majority of workers, peasants or soldiers. 

For the early (before the mid 19th century) history, I recommend Leskov, Jews in Russia (there is an English translation). I intentionally choose a "genuine Russian" author (and quite famous and respected), who is not related in any way to the Jews. 

In the 19-th century it was penetrated again. And again the Japanese managed to do the thing nobody else could. They quickly (VERY quickly) modernized their country themselves, in less than 1/2 of a century, I think this feat has no parallel in history, and by the beginning of 20-th century they were a "world power" that nobody would easily colonize. The policies of Soviet Union were never determined by "hate" or other emotions. They were always pragmatic. (For example, they "hated" Nazism when they found it useful, and then suddenly made a U-turn and started to support Nazi Germany, when they saw potential benefits of this. And did this until they were attacked themselves). Yes, you are almost completely off track:-) The situation was a) much more complicated, and b) quickly changing with time during 1917-1918. I am a Russian speaker who read the book, and many reviews of this book. Most reviews label it as anti-semitic. Its main point is to justify or acquit all Russian actions with respect to the Jews. And to shift the blame on the Jews whenever he can. I would not recommend this as a book on the history of Jews in Russia. On my opinion, the book is of interest from the point of view of history of the Russian chauvinist thought. 

Looking further back, one is left to wonder if all of Henry V's St. Crispins' Day address to his troops was wholly Shakespeare, or if any was possibly original Henry. It is a long speech, roughly 4,000 words, of which I doubt more than a paragraph or two is repeated in the movie (which I have not yet seen). Churchill was an accomplished orator, likely one of the best ever in the history of the English language. Part of that skill is matching the emotion of the message to the emotion of the delivery. In a speech calling for calm determination in the face of a bitter-sweet accomplishment, anything other than a calm delivery would be out of place - except in a Hollywood movie. Italy (very definitely the junior partner of Germany and Italy) invading Greece in 1940. For these reasons I very much doubt that the delivery in the House of Commons was significantly different than that on the BBC. 

Note that the spiritual precursor to the Magna Carta was the Charter of Liberties issued by Henry. The following paper is a pretty detailed treatment: 

The Reichstag could force the resignation of the Chancellor (Hitler) or any other government minister at any time by a vote of no confidence. 

In the beginning only very select people were sent to the colonies, because it was enormously expensive to transport and support them, so only people favored by the crown and parliament were sent. The "puritans" were extremist Protestants who were favored by the English parliament and crown. They saw the colonies as a way to create a pure Calvinist society untainted by the immorality and papism in the British isles. 

Before 1700, indentured immigrants were usually skilled tradesmen or otherwise capable people who could demonstrate their usefulness. I know 3 of them (not including Kennedy that you have already identified): The Federal Republic of Central America was not a stable country because the area it contained was very difficult to rule in a unified way. This was for several reasons: The dynamics of the situation were that Hitler actually had a minority of support, but those who did support him were near-fanatical; that is why he was able to take over. At the time many people, typically upper middle class wage earners were dismayed at the rise of the National Socialists, but they were drowned out by the parades, celebrations and esprit of that party. Now, therefore, be it known that I, Andrew Johnson President of the United States, by virtue of the power and authority in me vested by the Constitution and in the name of the sovereign people of the United States, do hereby proclaim and declare unconditionally and without reservation, to all and to every person who, directly or indirectly, participated in the late insurrection or rebellion a full pardon and amnesty for the offense of treason against the United States or of adhering to their enemies during the late civil war, with restoration of all rights, privileges, and immunities under the Constitution and the laws which have been made in pursuance thereof.