(7) Ultimately this imbalance is resolved by the transhipment of gold. So, if the London bank owes the New York bank, say 5 million pounds sterling, then this amount will be converted to gold and the gold will be sent by packet ship to New York. And vice versa, if New York owes London, then it sends the gold. These settlements generally happened monthly. The reason why your source does not give the starting location (Los Angeles) is because it took him months to do it due to weather and other delays, so the arrival notification just included the final legs: In other words, what happens is this: The age of majority is when a youth is considered to be independent of their parents. For example, a minor cannot enter into a legal contract because they are not considered independent persons under the law. When the Bank of New Orleans gets this, it will credit Chambliss $5,000 and he can then withdraw silver dollars from the bank to buy cotton. Meanwhile, one of two things will happen depending on whether the United Bank of New York is a correspondent bank of the Bank of New Orleans, meaning that it has an account there. If so, then the Bank of New Orleans will send the draft to the United Bank of New York which will credit the account of that bank with the $5,000. If not, then the Bank of New Orleans will send the draft to whichever bank is its New York correspondent, say its the Mercantile and Trade Bank of New York. In this case the New Orleans Bank will receive the credit from Mercantile and Trade, and Mercantile and Trade will settle up with United. To come full circle, let's talk about what happens next even though it has nothing to do with international trade. Now, the New Orleans broker, lets call him "David Chambliss" has a sight draft (a "check") drawn on the United Bank of New York. So, this document says: Fowler was dispatched all along the Seaboard Airline Railroad the same as a passenger train; and his manager Charles L. Young was posted every few moments in this way. As soon as Fowler was announced to be within 17 miles of the City of Jacksonville everyone seemed to loose their every thought of business, and spent the few moments watching for him to put in an appearance. When he was finally sighted at 4.30 the crowd at the Moncrief Race track seemed to go wild, and Aviator Max Lillie in his Wright biplane, dashed into his machine and flew away like mad to meet him he was immediately followed by Harold Kantner in his Moisant monoplane. The two aviators flew toward Fowler to greet him as best they could in the air. then circled Fowler, and escorted him toward the field. Lillie landed first to show Fowler the way. Fowler then circled the field 3 times and gave several dips and spiral dives that made the crowd stand up and yell with all their might. He then landed and was followed by Kantner. Fowler had been in the air but 90 minutes but it was a very cold day and he was almost frozen. After being given a right royal reception he was escorted to an automobile and rushed to the Seminole hotel where he was made the guest of honor. The evening was spent in trying to make Fowler feel at home, and he was given the key to the city and told to go as far as he liked.