But by the time of Kant belief in such special faculty of immediate knowledge was severely undermined by nominalists and then empiricists. Neither Platonic/Aristotelian theories of direct perception of forms, nor "rational intuition" based on "innate ideas" a la Descartes, etc., had much credibility left. So Kant's notion of intuition is much reduced compared to its predecessors. Here is Hintikka's description of how Kant understood intuition: The problem of causal responsibility is complex even aside from the issues of double effect, see Is it a logical flaw to blame someone for an event if they were simply its causal factor?, and is often approached by analyzing “intentions”. But Anscombe offered a general objection to ethical theories, which, like Kant’s, judge not merely actions, but actions combined with intentions. It is known as the problem of relevant descriptions. The same action may be intentional under one description but not under another (in Anscombe’s example under “pumping water” but not under “contracting muscles”), this is not unlike the interpretational sophistry of double effect. For Kant’s universalization scheme to work at all we should be able to ascribe intentions to others, and he apparently did not appreciate how problematic that is. Here is from Shumski’s The Problem of Relevant Descriptions and the Scope of Moral Principles: Bernard Williams provides detailed analysis of ego cogito ergo sum argument in Descartes, The Project of Pure Enquiry. 

Wittgenstein argued, roughly, that a language has to be learned, and to be learned it has to be used first. Therefore, no private language. But if language has to be learned what then are the a priori categories of understanding, concepts, and forms of pure intuition? Kant tells us in Critique of Pure Reason: 

Both the idea of absolute commands and objective morality, as well as their identification with universalizable maxims came under heavy fire in modern philosophy. The former point is obvious in the context of postmodernist relativization of epistemological, ethical, etc., principles to history and culture, so I will focus on the latter. MacIntyre argued that many dubious maxims are very well universalizable: "keep all your promises except one", "let everyone except me be treated as a means" (he denies that Kant’s derivation of the “formula of humanity” from “the” categorical imperative is valid). Anscombe and Mackie pointed out that the idea of objective “oughts” is implicitly based on the idea of God as the lawgiver, and does not make much sense without it, as Hume’s critique of is-ought derivations shows, see virtue ethics. A game changing what may come after all. The Pythagorean principle of uniform circular motions was maintained come what may for two thousand years, even by Copernicus, until it wasn't by Kepler. Poincare thought that Euclidean geometry would stay in place come what may just a few years before general relativity. A generalization of the Copernican principle which maintained that not only no place but also no time is special (it was used to argue for steady state models of the universe expansion until 1960s) has already been rejected by the Big Bang cosmology. Today the "drift of the fundamental constants" in time is viewed as an empirical issue. If in a distant future we encounter multiple parts of the universe where the laws work differently from ours and each other the Copernican principle will be rejected as well. 

If concepts are functions, rules, and "unities of the acts of ordering" then can we have private "language of thought" made of them? Or is Wittgenstein right, and we can not? Can we reconcile Kant and Wittgenstein? Since Kant wrote an essay titled Of the Injustice of Counterfeiting Books (1785) he may not concur. However, Kant did reject the notion of intellectual property, his defense of copyright is based on different considerations, see Pievatolo's Freedom, ownership and copyright: why does Kant reject the concept of intellectual property?: