b) If you don't use a launch screen. Is it possible to programatically determine if the sim has been removed or inserted? I am using the following code in my presenting VC to fade in the child modal VC, and this works fine: is it true that static libraries cannot contain localized variants? The documentation says there's a limit to the number of regions that can be monitored with- How does Navita https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/navita-t.e.m.-personal/id590228620?mt=8 manage to display a call log? is it possible to change the application desktop and marketplace icons depending upon which scheme is used? The app is using location services, however even after disabling this it was still able to get information about the calls (provided the app isn't suspended). I though it might be using background location updates to keep itself primed to receive callEventHandler callbacks but apparently not. The bounty will be awarded to an answer which contains sufficient, accurate and detailed information that enables me to emulate the behavior of the Navita app, specifically I must be able to write an app that can obtain the time and duration of a phone call that occurred while the app was not in the foreground, while the device's location services was turned off, and after the app had been in the background longer than the ~3 minutes granted by using beginBackgroundTaskWithExpirationHandler: There is new functionality for call detection for Voip apps that was added in iOS 10, but if you are not a voip app you still cannot obtain the number of an incoming (or outgoing) call. So the actual status is that if you have an app which is nothing more than a web site, you simply don't know if or not it will or will not get accepted. P.S. Please refrain from getting into patronizing side discussions about why would anybody want to do this, thank you very much. However if that is the case then how does it manage to do this in the background? I was under the impression that callEventHandler can only be used by apps in the foreground and not in the background? Instead of displaying this message, Xcode is erroneously reporting the message about needing to revoke the certificate. Obviously the solution is to register the device, which must be done manually as 8.3 is no longer recognizing that situation and offering it as an option. Or open the project in Xcode 8.2 and register the device via Xcode and then re-open the project in Xcode 8.3 a) If you use a launch screen. Similarly NSURLConnection offers the ability for the implementator to decide firstly how to check the certificate and then decide how to proceed if it fails, so in this situation too it would be possible to display a warning to the user and offer them the opportunity to continue loading the page or not. (P.S. the build system will be automated using Jenkins). I'm trying to set up IAP but after making a call to retrieve the products using SKProductsRequest the SKProductsResponse array within my delegate has a count of 0. Here's my checklist: This code works, but seems a bit clunky and it would be great if there is a codeless solution possible instead - just using xcode/storyboard settings for example. The Navita app is additionally able to display call time and call duration. Any other suggestions as to why the fetched product count is zero? The modal view controller is faded out but immediately, not over a time period like it is when its displayed.