Did the Holy Spirit, then, indwell the Samaritan believers twice? No, but they perhaps needed this praying and laying on of hands by the apostles to grasp what had happened to them after they believed in Jesus Christ and were baptized, in water, in His name. Remember, water baptism marks a believer, but only the baptism of the Holy Spirit makes a believer. Another term for the baptism of the Holy Spirit is, for example, being "sealed [by the Holy Spirit for the day of redemption" (Ephesians 4:30). Second Corinthians 1:22 KJV says, Did the trinity exist at the creation? Therefore, I will allot Him a portion with the great, The Greek word for bear or bore is a transliterated word which can mean a number of things, including offer, offered, bore, led, led up, offering, take away, and taken up. Jesus (again, according to Evangelical theology) did not have a beginning; rather, He already existed at the beginning of His creative work in bringing the material universe into being. the breastplate of righteousness Furthermore, each detail about Jesus' crucifixion bears witness to the spiritual reality of what was taking place at Calvary, where the sins of humankind were imputed to Jesus, and where Jesus' righteousness was imputed to humankind. (We know of course that God does not impute that righteousness to a person who does not believe Jesus died for his or her sins. Nevertheless, the potential is there to receive that righteousness by receiving Christ as one's Lord and Savior.) God hears the prayer of the penitent, and he justifies the one who asks to be forgiven, even if the only words uttered (or thoughts, thought) are, To grow and thrive in Christ, Christians must "abide in Christ" as he abides in them (John 15:4 ff.). Abiding in Christ requires Christians' heart commitment; it takes spiritual awareness of the warfare going on around them and within them; and it takes unbroken fellowship between them and Jesus, which requires frequent confession and repentance. God the Judge will clearly be disappointed. Moreover, we can certainly grieve, lie to, and put the Holy Spirit to the test by sinning (see Acts 5:3 and 9; Ephesians 4:30). Fellowship (not justification) with God (not justification by God) can be restored through frequent confession, since no child of God, as the apostle John points out, can say in truth, "I am without sin" (1 John 1:5-10, especially v.8). so also are we to persevere in prayer with our fellow believers. Prayer is the life-blood of the church universal and the church local. Two or more local churches, even of different denominations, should also join together in prayer whenever there is a concerted evangelistic effort, for example. Regardless of denomination, if we name the name of Christ we are one in Christ and should be able to unite with each other in prayer on special occasions. Is there a difference between "bad people" (i.e., false teachers) and preachers who are perhaps correct doctrinally but are in need of an attitude adjustment? Yes, I think so. Nevertheless, we need to adopt Paul's perspective in this matter and rejoice because Christ is being preached. Competition, even among preachers, can be a good thing! The reasoning (or argument) upon which the principle of forgiveness is based, and which Jesus used on a number of occasions, has been called the argumentum a minore ad maius (i.e., what is true on a smaller scale will be even truer on a larger scale, provided both scales include the same points of comparison).