Return to the House of Commons via a by-election, as in the Alberta case. The London Metropolitan Police force was established in 1829. It was based on nine Principles of Policing, which included: However, there are precedents for a King to abdicate, the most recent being Edward VIII in 1936. If Prince Charles so chose, he could renounce the throne immediately and make William the King in his place. This also would require an Act of Parliament; but in the case of Edward VIII the Declaration of Abdication Act was passed very rapidly, and something similar could be done again. So in this situation, the party leader would have three options: UK police place a very strong value on policing by consent. From Wikipedia: The government must be able to command a majority in the HoC; but it also has a presence in the HoL, through members of the HoL who are affiliated to the governing party or parties. The Leader of the Lords is a Cabinet minister specifically responsible for managing government business in the HoL. (He or she has a counterpart in the HoC, who surprisingly enough is known as the Leader of the Commons.) The history of regulating private ownership of guns is somewhat different. Restrictions were almost nonexistent until the beginning of the 20th century, and comparatively light until the 1980s. Gun policy was drastically tightened in response to two mass shootings, at Hungerford in 1987 and Dunblane in 1996. At the same time, it seems that the people who agitate for a break with the EU and a significant part of the UK public are opposed to the freedom of movement for persons as such. If that was even on the table, would they be content with symbolically leaving the EU while the rules remain unchanged in this respect? I can also offer an anecdote related to all this. When I applied for my PhD in the Netherlands, someone from Turkey applied around the same time. At the end of the day, he was recruited before me but he started several months later than me because of all the time needed to get certified copies and translations of all the required documents and for the visa application to make its way through various government offices. But even within these limits, being held by the police does still undeniably impinge on your fundamental rights, first and foremost the right to come and go as you wish, even though you have not been found guilty of a crime. To the extent that giving this power to the police is deemed appropriate, preventing someone from voting does not seem especially problematic. The situation for trains and ferries leaving from France is somewhat unusual and has become a focal point because of the refugee situation and especially the tensions in the Calais area. The concern is that if those people did reach Great Britain, they would be able to lodge an application for asylum and it would be very difficult to remove them. This situation has been on-going for years (the first Sangatte “refugee camp” opened in 1999) and predates the 2003 Touquet treaty regulating these colocated border checks. In 2013, the law was changed so that the oldest child of the previous monarch will inherit the throne, regardless of sex. This change affects the UK as well as Canada, Australia and other countries with the Queen as head of state. It had no effect on the current line of succession, which is entirely male: Prince Charles (oldest child of Elizabeth), Prince William (oldest child of Charles), and Prince George (oldest child of William). Return to the House of Commons via a by-election, as in the Alberta case. Some voters from 2016, aged over 59, did not vote in 1975. Some were not eligible (for example, immigrants who arrived after 1975); others were eligible but did not cast a vote. Yes. The UK has a secret ballot, so it's impossible to get "hard evidence" of how everyone actually voted. The best you can do is ask a representative subset of voters, as YouGov did. High quality opinion polling is the gold standard of data for voter breakdown by age, party support, and other criteria. Voters aged between 50 and 64 voted 40% Remain, 60% Leave in 2016, according to the best available polling data (which does not provide any further breakdown by age). Default to soft Brexit No final decision has been made. But the Stage 1 Agreement in effect specifies soft Brexit as a default. From the official text: Voters aged over 65 voted 36% Remain, 64% Leave in 2016, again according to polling data. At present (2017-06-16) there is no formal agreement between the Conservatives and DUP, and a new UK government has not yet been confirmed in office by a Parliamentary vote, so it is too early to tell whether there are legal grounds to challenge the Conservatives' actions. Some titles, such as Duke of Cambridge, are almost entirely honorific. 1) The electorate as a whole in 1975: This group voted 67% Remain. The London Metropolitan Police force was established in 1829. It was based on nine Principles of Policing, which included: The history of regulating private ownership of guns is somewhat different. Restrictions were almost nonexistent until the beginning of the 20th century, and comparatively light until the 1980s. Gun policy was drastically tightened in response to two mass shootings, at Hungerford in 1987 and Dunblane in 1996.