As sisters of a step mother are non-mahram scholars say that the step son shouldn't meet them without a mahram and they shouldn't appear unveiled in front of him unless he was breast-fed by his step-mother! You already quoted 5:1 but if you go further you can read: So we see that among the scholars there are different points of view. The question is does the Quran and the sunna support one of these opinions? Usually you should know that scholars will in first place listen to the husband and ask him about the issue, as it's the husband who gives talaq. But that doesn't mean that he isn't lying or maybe he just forgot it. This is lately often used by modern Muslims or feminist Muslims to call for an (share) equality between both genders! What does the Quran and the Sunna say about the matter? But generally a mahram is either by alliance (marriage: mother, step-mother, grand-fathers-wife, wife's-mother or grandmother, daughter of a wife, son's or grandson's wife), lineage (ancestors like father mother grandfather grandmother, descent daughters, sons, grandchildren) and by breast-feeding. Therefore if forcing someone to do haram is haram, then forcing someone to do something (even if it is halal) should be haram, because someone who has been forced to do something will always reject and hate it! So you would make someone hate to do something halal and might guide him to haram! So forcing should be replaced by gentleness. And harming and forcing is against the asked kindness towards women in the Hadith mentioned above. See also here It seems to me that there's no support for rape nor direct violence in conjugal relationship or for forcing the wife to have intercourse and the total submission (tamkin) matter which seems to me in total opposite to what our Messenger (peace be upon him) use to do! Of course if one doesn't trust all of this we can eat and buy fish or become a vegetarian ;) CONCLUSION: the beginning of verse 33:5 was the first revelation declaring the pre-islamic rules of adoption as void. While 33:37 is a 2nd revelation which declares an other major rule as void. Note at this point our Messenger has not yet married Zaynab, as Zaid needed to divorce her first. If stunning happens before the slaughtering then there are three cases: What is the secrete or logic behind this division? Which says we are allowed to eat the food of people of the book. note that surat al-Maidah is one of the last revealed surahs and this verse is quoted among the last verses revealed. [Sahih al-Bukhari & Muslim, Sunan abi Dawod] So we are told that it would be revealed in the Quran what kind of flesh is lawful for us! In 5:3 you can read the kind of flesh which is prohibited: -of course with details which could be find in ahadith (for example aunts of the wife, who are made haram for the husband unless he is legally separated from his wife)-. less than (more exactly the half of) a male: for example if there are sisters and brothers, a sister gets only a half of what her brother would inherit, a mother would also inherit only one half of what the father may inherit in absence of spouses and children (of their dead child). This applies in general in 4 cases: a) daughter and son, b) daughter of the son and son of the son, c) brother and sister (same parents), d) brother and sister (paternal). the same of a male: like father and mother if there are children (each of them will inherit one sixth) while the son would inherit the rest, also the brother or sister of the mother would get equal parts based on: In my opinion, cloning is not good. It will probably disrupt the balance in nature. Evil people will may make human farms in far future. Rich people will clone healty and beautiful children, so a different kind of the racism and social class differences between people will start to appear. In old times, there was no electricity. Illuminating the environment and surroundings was a problem. Without sufficient ambient light, cutting nails, cutting hair, shaving, etc would spread around more dirt. One of the primary sources of what we call "dust" and "dirt" in our homes is nothing but hairs, granulated death skin tissues. So, in order to prevent or reduce undesired dirt at home. In worst case, this dirt may may even get into food and water in dark. People would had done these kind of sensitive body care works in the daylight. This stayed as a rule and reached to today. 14 centuries have passed after the death of the last nabi. The technology changed a lot, lives of people have changed greatly. Because of that, we are in complete dark in some matters. Cloning is one of them. If we are understanding 33:40 and 40:34 correctly, there won't be any more nabi arriving anymore. So, we won't be able to receive perfect solutions from Allah to solve our problems. In this case, we should try to solve our these kind of unclear problems according to maroof (common sense). When a new rasul&nabi (messenger&prophat) arrives, he receives a Book from Allah in which there are rules to arrange the social life and relationships between people. After the death of that nabi, new and unseen problems start to occur in the society which are not clearly described in the previous Books of Allah. People stay in dark until a new nabi arrives and rearranges the social life according to the new conditions. If your house is lightened well, there is nothing to be afraid of cutting nails at night. Cloning is new to humans. I will be easier and more common in the future. This is inevitable, it will be a fact of our lives. We feel some great problems in it. We need to be cautious. We don't know what future will give birth to. But, it is best not to make claims like "it is haram" or "it is halal". Allah forbids it: