As a new and unknown candidate, it's more likely you'd be put up in an opposition safe seat than a safe Conservative seat or an easily winnable marginal, but as the losers of the 1992 General Election in North West Durham will attest, that doesn't mean you'll never make it as an MP. 

You might also like to consider that the largest parliamentary constituency in the UK is Ross, Skye and Lochaber at about 12,000 square kilometres, whereas the largest Canadian federal riding is Nunavut at about 2,093,190 square kilometres. There's no reason to suppose the most rational counting scheme for one is also the most rational for the other. 

While anyone meeting the criteria to be an MP (be over 18 and a UK, Irish or Commonwealth citizen and not be otherwise disqualified) can run for election in a constituency by collecting enough signatures and paying a deposit, to run in the name of a party, you must be selected by them. In the case of the Conservatives, candidates are selected by the local constituency Association from a shortlist approved by a central candidates committee. 

To list a few extra structural considerations: Under the current rules a new candidate for the Labour leadership requires the support of 20% of Labour MPs and MEPs (members of the European parliament). This would equate to 50 signatures from 230 MPs and 20 MEPs. There appears to be some uncertainty as to whether this is also true for an incumbent. The difficulty apparently comes down to rule Rule 4.2.ii of the Labour party rule book which states that when a party leader faces a challenge “any nomination must be supported by 20 per cent of the Commons members of the PLP. Nominations not attaining this threshold shall be null and void” but doesn't make clear whether this applies only to the challenger(s) or not. Why did authoritarian regimes need to do this? I mean, they can easily hold a fair election without election-time fraud, completely ignore the voting results, and make up a number. They could even make up a number that looks democratic, like 58% support of the ruling party, rather than the ridiculous 99% support ratios garnered with intimidation and ballot stuffing. Electoral observers would also be satisfied. Why don't they? Do authoritarian regimes typically have weak control over the vote counting people? Why do so many authoritarian regimes bother with voter fraud and ballot stuffing? For example, after Hitler's annexation of Austria, intrusive propaganda and threats were used to make everybody vote for the Anschluss, but historians seem to think that the votes were correctly counted. In the case of Soviet elections, people were presented with pre-marked ballots and had to non-secretly erase the marks to vote against Communist. 

More recently, Putin's United Russia party was suspected of stuffing ballots after polls are closed in remote regions of Russia, such as Chechnya. As a new and unknown candidate, it's more likely you'd be put up in an opposition safe seat than a safe Conservative seat or an easily winnable marginal, but as the losers of the 1992 General Election in North West Durham will attest, that doesn't mean you'll never make it as an MP. 

To list a few extra structural considerations: Under the current rules a new candidate for the Labour leadership requires the support of 20% of Labour MPs and MEPs (members of the European parliament). This would equate to 50 signatures from 230 MPs and 20 MEPs. There appears to be some uncertainty as to whether this is also true for an incumbent. The difficulty apparently comes down to rule Rule 4.2.ii of the Labour party rule book which states that when a party leader faces a challenge “any nomination must be supported by 20 per cent of the Commons members of the PLP. Nominations not attaining this threshold shall be null and void” but doesn't make clear whether this applies only to the challenger(s) or not. 

More recently, Putin's United Russia party was suspected of stuffing ballots after polls are closed in remote regions of Russia, such as Chechnya. Why do so many authoritarian regimes bother with voter fraud and ballot stuffing? For example, after Hitler's annexation of Austria, intrusive propaganda and threats were used to make everybody vote for the Anschluss, but historians seem to think that the votes were correctly counted. In the case of Soviet elections, people were presented with pre-marked ballots and had to non-secretly erase the marks to vote against Communist. 

Why did authoritarian regimes need to do this? I mean, they can easily hold a fair election without election-time fraud, completely ignore the voting results, and make up a number. They could even make up a number that looks democratic, like 58% support of the ruling party, rather than the ridiculous 99% support ratios garnered with intimidation and ballot stuffing. Electoral observers would also be satisfied. Why don't they? Do authoritarian regimes typically have weak control over the vote counting people?