If after action has been closed for the betting round, there is one or fewer players who are not all in, then any surplus bets would be returned to the non-allin player. http://seoblackhat.com/texas-hold-em-poker-statistics/ You can find examples which illustrate this for the entire set of possible starting hands here: To answer your specific scenario, if the blinds are 50/100 and both the small and big blind only have 25 each, the same logic also applies, so players wishing to call would do so for 100 and the minimum raise would be to a total bet of 200. If everyone folds to the blinds (highly unlikely), they would be in a showdown and run the board for a total pot of 50. If one player limps for 100 (or raises to any amount) and no-one calls, then there would be a 3-way showdown between that player and the two blinds and the player who limped/raised would get back all of the money they put into the pot, except for the 25 required to call the all-in players in the blinds. Finally, if a player limps or raises and one or more other players call this bet, there would be a side pot and any further action would be into that side pot as usual. So if a player limped for 100 and another player also limped behind, then there would be a main pot of 100 (4 x 25) which all of the players could win, and a side pot of 150 (2 x 75) which only the two players which were not all-in could win, with further action into that side pot. But you will see a lot of players or even dealers who often get it wrong. I see it all the time... You must note that you can do this multiple run(s) when you're playing at home for example with your friends; even certain casinos allow it. But it is usually not allowed in official championships/tournaments: you'll never see this at WSOP, WSOPE, WPT, EPT etc. Let's say there are 3 players playing (Small-Blind, Big-Blind and Under-the-Gun) and they got to the river. Please note that these are the "official" rules. Each casino or home-game organizers can make up their own rules. However, you'll rarely see this, since it's pretty standard. This applies when everyone checks on the river a.k.a. no betting activity (this is the situation you're most interested in, from what I can tell). In online poker moving players is particularly easy, for obvious reasons. From what I've seen, the players are re-arranged in such a way that the difference between the smallest and largest table is 1 player at most. This seems logical. But it doesn't explain which players to re-assign. In this case, the first player left to the Dealer must show his cards. Going clockwise, subsequent players can each choose to show or muck, as they see fit. When Alec raised to 2825 he still had to get through 5 players. It was not a bluff. I would put AQo on the bottom of his range here. And he could be on a monster. Fold, muck, and concede are not the same. Player B was not beat he was behind. What is actually more used is layoff (and at the table often improperly called insurance). Another player will buy 1/2 the $400 pot for $50. If you win you get $250 and if you lose you get $50. It keeps you in the game. Player B cannot fold - he was already in Throwing in cards is not a dead hand as there were no more players to act Cards did not reach the muck so they were not mucked Hole cards The cards in your hand. In hold-em two cards. I like it but it went from 3 minutes to 30 seconds. I think the flop, turn, and river should be 1 minute.