A paradigmatic example are mental states being "grounded" in the brain states. They are linked to them in a way different from a causal connection or outright reduction, but more definitive than mere supervenience or correlation. Fine in The Question of Realism traces the idea to Aristotle:"it is possible to imagine metaphysical scenarios in which the nonbasic, or grounded, is plausibly taken to be real. Suppose, to take one kind of case, that Aristotle is right about the nature of water and that it is both indefinitely divisible and water through-and-through". This is somewhat different from the use of "ground" as a source of justification by Kant, Hegel, Husserl or Heidegger, say knowledge is grounded in something (categories, pure intuition, being-here), but without being caused by it. EDIT: I believe Quen_tin's answer gives the right reconstruction of what the a priori aspect of Galileo's argument amounts to. I'll rephrase it somewhat. Suppose bodies move under a single "motive cause" that determines the "fastness" of motion (this formalizes fall in a vacuum). The "cause" could be Newtonian force that determines acceleration, or something else that determines velocity as Aristotle thought, etc., as long as "the stronger the cause the faster the motion" holds. Suppose further that the cause is additive, i.e. its values add up when the bodies are strapped together. Then Galileo's argument shows that the proportionality constant ("weight" in the argument) between the cause and the rate can not also be additive (a.k.a. extensive). 

The iconic store is a large-capacity sensory store that holds visual information prior to attentive processing; it is continuously refreshed, enabling the temporal integration, which makes us see motion as continuous... We see a causal relation when a conflict exists between two types of continuity cues. Spatial discontinuity between two objects says there are two objects, whereas continuous motion suggests there is only one. The conflict is resolved by perceiving the causal sequence as the transfer of motion from one object to the other. 

So what does it mean? If we put "described" back in, then "physical world is described by an abstract mathematical structure" makes sense, but I think that Tegmark wants more, like "fully described". I do not see how to make sense of anything like that though, how does one "animate" idealities without recourse to physical, or to supernatural? Philosophers of old invoked God's powers (sub specie aeternitatis?), but that would hardly work for Tegmark, and it does not explain. 

Since the epistemological and methodological issues are similar with simulations, which are computer extended analogs of thought experiments, and computer assisted proofs I will only focus on the latter. Computer assisted proofs came into prominence with the Appel-Haken-Koch's (supposed) proof of the Four-Color Theorem. Tymoczko in his 1980 paper Computers, Proofs and Mathematicians wrote:"Computer-assisted proofs illustrate the need for a more realistic philosophy of mathematics that allows for fallibility and empirical elements". But this meant extending the scope of mathematics only while demarcating the "rigorous", computer-free one: Husserl's phenomenology is somewhat unusual in philosophy, understood pragmatically it can be seen as a system of mental techniques for exploring ideal objects, discovering structure in them and connections between them, and provides insight into the workings of mathematical intuition when finding new results and their proofs. His writing style can be surprisingly lucid to a mathematician, his early training shines through in striving for precision of language, he often coins new terms to make exposition more precise, and in the presentation of examples and arguments. I found Ideas for Pure Phenomenology (often abbreviated as Ideas I and available online) particularly insightful in this regard. Husserl's idea of ideal perception attracted Gödel, who saw it as the basis of mathematical intuitions, writing "our ideas referring to physical objects contain constituents qualitatively different from sensations or mere combinations of sensations, e.g. the idea of object itself".