And this Narrations by Anas ibn Malik (May Allah be pleased with him) in Sahih al Bukhari (1,2,3) clearly states that 

Other quotes about the last revelation on the authority of al-Bara' and on the authority of 'Ubayd Allah ibn 'Otbah. 

"The best of you is the one who is best to his wife, and I am the best of you to my wives." (Sunan ibn Majah) And their Messenger and Prophet Musa (peace be upon him) called them to mind about some of them as we can read in Surat al Ma'ida (5:20) 

Conclusion: The Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) had scribes who wrote for him, what he dictated and memorizer's who memorized it at the same time! The collection of the Quran and it's compilation in a book after the death of the Prophet (peace be upon him) doesn't mean that the Quran has never been written down before! There have been written pieces of it in the hands of those who have been called the writers of divine revelation as we can conclude from this statement from the two ahadith narrted by Zaid ibn Thabit (May Allah be pleased with him) mentioned above Let's start by quoting the ahadith prohibiting what scholars call "Khulwa or Khulwah": and many other relevant posts which you may find at the right of this site. According to Safi-ur-Rahman al-Mubarkapuri in his ar-Raheeq al-Makhtoom (in cases based on quotes from al-Qadi 'Iyad's ash-Shifa): 

The first time the Quran was collected in written format was at the time of Abu Bakr (First Caliph). The reason Abu Bakr ordered the collection of the Mushaf is that there is a large number of the holder (memorizers) of the Quran whom had martyred in the battle of Yamamah and Abu Bakr was worried that he might Quran by lost with the death of the memorizers (See here and here). I've read on the site of shi'a scholar a quote saying that the last revelation was in dhil hijjah. 

According to the few inormation (No Hadith Number, No Narrtor quoted) i tried to find any support for this "Hadith", what i could say after a certain search: Why do Muslims add "peace be upon him" after names of important people? 

In sahih Muslim and sunan an-Nasa'i, a conversation with his daughter Fatimah and his wife Zaynab. Speculations, tales and possible reasons 

There are some perspectives which may be taken into account when analyzing this statement: 

Why: Because of sahih hadiths like this from sahih al-Bukhari 

Her the four major reason for why women wouldn't re-marry which are stated in the fatwa I mentioned above: