The DevOps page itself today says 431 / 230 = 1.87 in the side bar, so that's not it. 

So, my main question is: What is the actual connection between self-deleting content, the TOS, and CC BY-SA? That is, you can delete your content, but deleting it has no bearing on how the information you posted is redistributed or used later (which may include SE undeleting it). And, again, of course we don't want users mass deleting all of their content, but not implicitly because of CC BY-SA (rather, SE has the right to preserve it under CC BY-SA for any reason, but those reasons are outside of CC BY-SA, and of course this is SE, not the general community), and SE themselves can revive content as they see fit under Section 3, not under CC BY-SA itself. And none of this is justification for saying "the community has undeleted your answer because it's not yours under CC BY-SA" in situation 1. 

If you suspect the program is harmful but aren't confident enough to edit / flag, you can raise the issue in comments first. It seems it can somewhat be done by repeatedly clicking "load older messages" in the chat window until the message in question is in view and flagging from there; is there an easier way? 

Also, just in case this is a different question: Regardless of the validity of the claim itself, who can (and can't) file a counterclaim in those scenarios (for example, if a community expresses a strong desire to defend content that does not have clear authorship, who is and is not allowed to counter)? (Here is the full legal text of CC BY-SA 3.0.) 

So, in general, my interpretation of the CC BY-SA 3.0 license is that it covers what folks can do with your content after they have read it, in particular, it covers "share", and it covers "adapt". It's TOS Section 3 that gives SE the right to do whatever they want, including undelete it. But nothing in CC BY-SA appears to have any bearing on whether or not you can delete your own content. Indeed the TOS itself makes stipulations for this: In other words, the long term solution for these types of problems is to "heal" them at their source; do what needs to be done to help support a beta site. Everything else follows. For users who aren't normally involved in the site, this means potentially finding a fun, new community. 

It crosses the line a few times but also confirms a 14 day history for non-deleted questions. It is not clear yet if closed questions are counted. Also there is a tool-tip over the Area 51 stat that says "past two weeks". I hope this makes sense. Also I hope I don't sound too biased, I'm actually not. I don't feel strongly either way, I'm only looking for clarity one way or the other. Situation 2: A user rage quits, vandalizes all posts, and is, of course, told that the proper procedure is to request disassociation, with the CC licensing terms cited as the reason. Once you have enough reputation, you can simply vote to reopen it, then it will appear in the review queue and will usually be reopened quickly (if it actually should be reopened). 

Here's the thing: To me, there doesn't seem to be a link between the CC BY-SA licensing terms and whether or not a user can remove their own content. My interpretation varies between the above two situations: This shows an answer ratio of 2.0. Yet, unless my query is broken, I couldn't get that number (even with today's freshly updated SEDE data): 

For the specific question you are asking about (and this often works in general for this type of thing), I suggest editing it by taking a look at the answers in the "duplicate" link, and then editing your question to explain why those solutions are not appropriate/working for you. I think, in this particular case, taking this approach will get your question moving in the right direction. 

It would be cool if there was an API call or something to send yourself test notifications. The question ends here. Everything below is me doing experiments to try and figure this out based on answers and theories and such. 

If you have edited a question and you believe it should be reopened, I'd first try just leaving a comment on the question to that effect. People will see it. If, after some time passes, you feel it is still not getting attention, you can always come here or ask in chat, but you will have better luck if you stay polite and remain open to the possibility that maybe your question will stay closed. He may have deleted them himself (I don't know why he would have), in which case it's moot, but if SO deleted them, that kind of stinks because they were valuable comments (and also added context to some conversation).