Americans also had a penchant for setting up large "warehouse" style brothels that Italians and French found extremely offensive, although the Germans and Japanese were ok with them. One of the reasons we have relatively poor relations with France and Italy, even today, 70 years later, was the way we treated them during the war. 

Though the above is the ancient historical consensus, there are divergent explanations. For example, the geographer and antiquarian Simon Staravolski wrote the following (1734): 

Anyway, getting back to the Russians. Even though the Russians (meaning the Bolshoi Russkiy, the great Russians) are described as "slavic", this is only because of their language, not because of their ethnicity which is of Scandinavian origin. Both the great Russians and little Russians came from the Baltic region and presumably invaded there from Scandinavia. Ethnically they are completely different than the Finno-Ugaric peoples. For example, great Russians have blond hair, but Finno-Ugaric people have black hair, one of many differences. 

(a) 15 per cent of such usable and complete industrial capital equipment, in the first place from the metallurgical, chemical and machine manufacturing industries as is unnecessary for the German peace economy and should be removed from the Western Zones of Germany, in exchange for an equivalent value of food, coal, potash, zinc, timber, clay products, petroleum products, and such other commodities as may be agreed upon. 

It is because European cities have building height restrictions. For example, London has a 1000-foot absolute restriction and it is very rare for any building over 250 feet high to be permitted. Paris has similar laws that prevent the construction of any building over about 200 feet (12 stories). 

In any case, the appearance of the Ukrainian people in what is now the Ukraine occurred long, long after such invasions and modern Ukrainians are more or less a completely different people than those who conducted such invasions. 

Chairs have always been in use. There are chairs in Tutankhamen's tomb. The Romans used high-backed chairs extensively especially by women, which were called a "cathedra." Our word "cathedral" comes from this word, a cathedral being the "seat" of a bishop. Such chairs were also in use among the Greeks. 

Concerning the "Chinese" origin idea; I am not sure how this got started, but it is a modern idea (20th century) which appears based on some very vague 17th century Chinese encyclopedia entries. These encyclopedias were highly collated works that combined many different facts and often ascribed false antiquity to various sciences. Even the entries that supposedly refer to gunpowder are highly ambiguous and could be interpreted in many different ways. 

The Soviets considered looting to be "reparations", however, there were no "negotiations" over the looting. 

The amount of equipment to be removed from the Western Zones on account of reparations must be determined within six months from now at the latest. 

Removals of industrial capital equipment shall begin as soon as possible and shall be completed within two years from the determination specified in paragraph 5. The delivery of products covered by 4 (a) above shall begin as soon as possible and shall be made by the U. S. S. R. in agreed installments within five years of the date hereof. The determination of the amount and character of the industrial capital equipment unnecessary for the German peace economy and therefore available for reparation shall be made by the Control Council under policies fixed by the Allied Commission on Reparations, with the participation of France, subject to the final approval of the Zone Commander in the Zone from which the equipment is to be removed. 

Just as additional proof of my answer read dorf's answer above. What he says is a completely accurate picture of the European view: workers have a "right to daylight" according to him. That is the mentality that prevents skyscrapers from being built in the middle of big cities in Europe. 

(b) 10 per cent of such industrial capital equipment as is unnecessary for the German peace economy and should be removed from the Western Zones, to be transferred to the Soviet Government on reparations account without payment or exchange of any kind in return. 

Basically, it is a result of the socialist/"worker"-oriented politics prevalent in Europe. In Asian cities like Singapore, Hong Kong and Shanghai, the rules are made by small groups of elites and workers do not have much influence over zoning policies. 

The Soviet Government renounces all claims in respect of reparations to shares of German enterprises which are located in the Western Zones of Germany as well as to German foreign assets in all countries except those specified in paragraph 9 below. 

In addition to the reparations to be taken by the U. S. S. R. from its own zone of occupation, the U. S. S. R. shall receive additionally from the Western Zones: