which represents the classical crisis of truth values for L — or more to the point, from which we can infer whatever we like via reductio ad absurdum. In this case, we may say (we must say) that L is both true and false; and furthermore that everything is both true and false. which is to say that a/b is a reduced ratio of integers which is equal to the square root of 2. The way that the usual proof-by-contradition of the irrationality of sqrt(2) goes is to demonstrate that a=2c and b=2d for integers c and d, which is to say that 2 divides both a and b. Thus gcd(a,b) ≠ 1, which implies ~R. That is, we prove that as a straightforward application of modus ponens. The classic question is what to make of L: is it true or false? In a formal system, the question is instead whether our formal system "suffers". What makes the Liar a "Paradox" is that classical logic does suffer from it. Consider a typical formalization of classical sentential logic. If we grant the Law of Excluded middle, we have Normal arguments regarding maximising expected utility, presuppose that the distribution of conditions is independent of your strategy. In both cases, the condition had little to do with the consequence; eating apples is unlikely to cause me to die, and becoming King of France is unlikely to give me ice-cream-rain-god powers. But both of the conditional are true, because the constraints that they propose for the nature of the world are satisfied in either case. either by not trying, or by trying but having problems (weather conditions, a serious accident, etc.) which prevent you from succeeding. In the case where P is false, we say that P ⊃ Q is vacuously true — it is true only because the constraint that it imposes on P being true is not put to the test. How to think about "P ⊃ Q" in plain English In propositional logic, P ⊃ Q is what is called a material implication. It doesn't mean that P and Q mean the same thing (they might not have the same truth value); all that it is, is a claim that if P is true, then Q is also true — without making any more claims than this. from which (by various applications of arguing by dilemma and double negation elimination) we may infer from which we infer that ~R. The punchline of the proof is that ~R holds no matter what a and b are, so that sqrt(2) is irrational; but the way we prove it is by showing that R ⇒ ~R, and in any case the latter is a theorem — so it can only be a contradiction if the logical system is inconsistent. Preamble I would like to make clear precisely what I'm asking. Apologies for the length of the question: please suggest a way that I might make this question more concise. After mere confusion and bemusement, there are a few ways of reacting to this. One popular reaction is to conclude that classical logic must be wrong, because "logically" we known that something can only be in one place at a time. A more practical reaction is to note that classical logic doesn't contain any propositions about the locations of objects, and to conclude that perhaps "something can only be in one place at a time" is an empirically motivated axiom that may be put into doubt. One can ask whether a beam of light, or even a photon, is really a "thing", or if it is in a "place" if we aren't interacting with it. If you continue in such a way and want to avoid doing any mathematics, one might end up rediscovering the heavily antirealist (for microscopic particles, anyway) Copenhagen interpretation, which embraces classical logic but forbids you from actually positing any logical propositions which might keep you awake at night. It imposes such limitations by arriving at a heuristic for deciding when a proposition is "meaningless" according to simple epistemic criteria. For the existential quantifier, this is easy and obvious. For instance, suppose we let the universe of discourse be everything on Earth, inlcuding Scottish people, Chinese people, honey, molasses, ants, and so forth. We can recover statements about Scottish people using a predicate S(x) = "x is a Scottish person"; so that we can render