I'm interested in subs of Japan, Germany, Russia, Britain, and America. I guess it's a question of battery life too, but not for powering the propeller, only for the lights and maybe air pumps. 

The reason I ask is because I want to know stealth capability for travels. I imagine a sub travelling on the surface at night, but at day it submerges and stays down and doesn't move (except drifting with the current). It may have to stay down longer than 12 hours if some ship happen to be nearby. For a submarine in the WW2-era, how long could it stay submerged if it was not running its engine? This is a question of crew size, oxygen, food/water, and CO2 scrubbers, and maybe other stuff I'm not aware of. Edit: I should have specified this, but I want to know how long the sub can stay down near max depth, not snorkeling. Snorkeling is done very near the surface where it can be spotted by aircraft or even other ships, and some naval surface radar could detect periscopes or snorkels around a distance of 5 miles. 

Answer As stated on the Wikipedia page about the incident, both the Israeli and U.S. governments conducted inquiries and issued reports that concluded the attack was a mistake due to Israeli confusion about the ship's identity. 

The two exceptions at that date were, apparently, furnaces owned by Carnegie's Company. 

The surviving correspondence might suggest several reasons, and in particular at least one contemporary seems to say that he may have felt embarrassed to take such a post while friends whom he had recommended for office were rejected. 

(Both quotes appear on page 129) 

A number of people, including surviving members of the crew of the USS Liberty, have certainly claimed that the real reason for the attack has been covered up by both governments. There have also been a number of books published on the subject, including Remember the Liberty!: Almost Sunk by Treason on the High Seas, by Ernest Gallo, Ronald Kukal, Phillip Nelson, Phillip Tourney, & Raymond McGovern and The Liberty Incident by Judge A. Jay Cristol. 

The programme offered by the Girl Guides was radically different from those being proposed by other organisations for girls at that time. For example, the precursors of the Girls' Brigade had the goal of: 

The British did consider self reliance. Ultimately you can do more with the resources of two countries than you can with the resources of one. Furthermore UK policy was set in the context of a conflict between the NATO alliance (where the UK was a major player) against the Warsaw Pact alliance. Definition of terms We need to define democracy, capitalism and prosperity before we can proceed. This question is NOT simple; I would argue that it cannot be answered, but I can outline what I think the parameters of the answer might be. The new country was also a Republic - a type of government that was effectively untested (my Dutch ancestors force me to qualify the statement), and there was widespread doubt that the government could be effective - the rest of the world employed some form of Monarchy to maintain order and property rights, and the notion of giving a bunch of debtors the right to vote themselves money from the public purse was perceived as quite insane. A full answer to the question would address the cause of the 1857 panic; unfortunately the 1857 panic was caused by shortfalls in the specie market and it is commonly known that I cannot discuss specie based currency without entering a irrational raging madness that causes me to froth at the mouth like a rabid dog and post page after page of furious invective of the quality usually found on conspiracy web sites. Today I've chosen to spare us that spectacle.