"Jealousy" in colloquial English, means either (1) indignation in response to infidelity, or (2) covetousness of the belongings of others. We can immediately eliminate the second case, because God cannot be covetous; everything is his. 

This last statement struck me as something a Buddhist or Hindu practitioner would say, not a Catholic. Do any Catholic doctrines or Traditional teachings explain a Catholic notion of the God in you and the God in me, where recognition of the divine aspect of or in another person demands or motivates compassion? 

This question admits the false assumption that God created a set of independent and universal laws of nature. Scientifically, universal laws of nature represent an era of Newtonian thinking that claimed the orbits of the stars are fixed perfectly and permanently in their place, and the cosmos are a perfect example of divine clockwork. Empirical human thought has progressed beyond a paradigm of static and universal physical principles, and Christians do not need to seek empirical evidence to bolster faith, indeed "Blessed is the one who hasn't seen, and yet still believes." 

So, while covetousness or envy is an unrighteous desire to obtain what belongs to another, the jealousy that is referred to in Exodus 20:4-5 is indignation on God's part in response to unrighteous infidelity on the part of God's covenanted people. Israel willfully entered into a covenant with God as a wife willfully enters into a covenant with her husband. God is not desiring something that is not his, but instead he is angry and distressed by Israel's unfaithfulness to him. The nation of Israel belongs to God because he created it, 

1. Note this "fifth essence"- the first four being fire, water, air, and earth- is the origin of the English quintessence, as well as the identity of the lapis philosophorum, the "philosopher's stone" about which the alchemists wrote, and whom the Christian alchemists identify with the transfigured body of Christ. 

As principles of human thought, the laws of physics are not a binding code that God "follows," "bends," or "breaks." The laws of physics exist in the mind, on paper, and in silicon, but the whole of creation is subject to the will of the Creator, and he shows his favor to mankind by displaying his power to them for their benefit, so that they might believe that he exists and know that he is who he claims to be. The answer to this question is "no," Christians do not believe that God temporarily changes a set of physical laws to avoid breaking them when doing miracles. 

Yes. God has always been the same and he exists now, so he has always existed. From the answer to the first question, if you mean "was there any time before creation when God did not exist," the correct response is, "there was no time before creation. There was only God." 

And because- more importantly for this question- they covenanted themselves with him. 

God had no origin. If God became God, he must have been something other than God before that. God does not change (Malachi 3:6). God was always been and is now and will always be (Rev 1:8). 

Do Christians believe the laws of physics were obeyed, and that our understanding of them is merely insufficient to understand what happened? 

God has always been God. When time came into being and all things became, God already was, and had already been. Nothing exists that was not made by the Father through the Son (John 1:3). 

"Rested" = "Ceased" The Hebrew word translated "rested" in Genesis 2:2 is shabath (7673, שָׁבַת) literally means: to cease, desist, rest. This is the origin of the word "Sabbath," the day of rest or the day on which no work was to be done. 

Addendum: It is also possible for our desire to leave the troubles of this life behind to have selfish motivations. It is better (for us) to be with the Lord, but it is better for others that we remain here. What should an unselfish person choose? 

I posit that "rest" here means something like "at rest" (i.e. an object that is not moving) as opposed to relaxing or sleeping. He "rested" because he had (v2) "completed His work which He had done" and there was nothing left to do. He "ceased" from working because his work was finished. 

Mark 13:32 (NASB) "But of that day or hour no one knows, not even the angels in heaven, nor the Son, but the Father alone." 

Short Answer: When we say "God is omnipotent" we mean "He has the power to do whatever He pleases". There are other definitions, such as "capable of doing anything man can think up", but by such definitions He would not be considered "omnipotent". 

Are there any Old Testament passages which show God speaking (or writing) in a different language? 

Christian: "You are using heathen definitions and heathen criteria for classifying a being as 'God' to show that it is impossible for the Christian God to exist. Not only is this arrogant and insane (since the human brain is far too small to draw such a conclusion), but your method presupposes your conclusion that there is no God. If God were real, He would be the only one qualified to explain His attributes and nature, and it would be our job to learn from Him. Christians believe He has done this in Scripture. If you wanted to see if the Christian view were internally consistent, you would have to look at Scripture, and according to Scripture, you would need to know Him in order to understand His ways. So if you are interested in knowing the truth, start by seeking God in prayer and reading Scripture. Once He begins to open up your eyes to the truth, these things will begin to make more sense to you. If you are not interested in knowing the truth, feel free to continue scoffing at God, but these arguments only 'disprove the possibility of God's existence' from a perspective which presupposes His non-existence. This is what the Bible refers to when it says 'the wisdom of this world is foolish to God'."