Now, I'm not sure what do you mean by "something I can use on trails while being playful enough to commute on the street (and jumping on stuff)". Do you have some dirt jumps or nice skateparks around you, so you could use your DJ bike to its full potential? Or maybe you want to ride most of the time your local MTB trails and add some manuals and bunnyhops here and there? You should be honest with yourself, no normal trail bike will be suitable for average dirt jumping (it will be practically impossible to do a barspin or a tailwhip, and plush suspension will swallow all pumping rhythm), as no 100% DJ/slopestyle will be suitable for a fun round on normal MTB trail (imagine doing off-camber turn with an almost rigid bike, or pedaling 30 km + with a frame sized two sizes below your regular). Either choose one, or both. I remember I saw somewhere new Sram system that does not require chainguide. Don't remember the model, but could you please tell me more about it? How does it work? And here we can see Kona's older catalogue, including older Stinkies http://www.konabikeworld.com/tech/catalog/catalog_2k4.htm There is no perfect all-rounder. Slopestyle bikes are basically dirt jump bikes with the suspension designed to soak the harshest of impacts. This suspension design was never thought to behave like a normal bike suspesnsion, that used to "even rough trails". Typically slopestyle riders put a lot of pressure in their air shocks to prevent bottoming out. P.S as far as I know most dirt BMXers are quite happy with regular skate shoes. There is a new niche of "all mountain" helmets, like Fox Flux, POC Trabec, 661 Recon etc. They feature closed, rounded backward design, and claim to protect the brainstem better. I ride all-mountain technical singletracks with a little of drops and lots of rockgardens, should I invest in a new AM helmet, or there is a minor difference between them and the common XC design? To summarize, I would recommend you learn to manual and bunnyhop on your SJ, then pay a visit to local DJ / skatepark and try to get some airtime and learn some basic DJ tricks (whips, tables). If you'll have the feeling it's fun then go ahead and buy a DJ bike. Otherwise, save your money for something else. As people already mentioned in the comments, it's old good Kona Stinky. For me this is a symbolic bike, Paul Bassagotia, one of the pioneers of the freeride scene, used to ride on it before moving to Scott. You can find more detail on specs it had here: http://www.konabikeworld.com/08_stinky_w.htm It's an old argue on forums, still cant get it. What is the (real, that worth the money and time for ordering from abroad, in my case) difference, let's say between Five Ten FreeRider shoes and some kind of old school skate shoes (the fat ones, like these Etnies)? EDIT: looks like GMBN heard your voice and did a video on riding a slopestyle bike in a bike park. Check it, it's quite entertaining. I guess this won't leave you any doubts about slopestyle bike specialization. Click I've been riding with a bottle filled with isotonic drink + hydration backpack with plain water for quite awhile. Recently my bottle stated to fall off on descents (not the best frame design + increase in speed). I'm looking for alternatives to frame mounted bottle cage that will suit aggressive trail riding. Solutions like Source dual bladder won't fit, because once you had a sweetened drink in your bladder it's just a matter of time before mold starts to grow there. I've looked on runners belts, but 600ml is way too little for hot conditions. Assuming I want to separate between sweetened electrolyte drink and regular water, and a minimum of 1l liquids all together, what are my options on the market nowadays?