Any effectively axiomatized formal system that extends a very basic theory of formal arithmetic called Robinson Arithmetic (Q) will contain an undecidable sentence. In full generality, you can state the syntactic version of the First Incompleteness Theorem as follows: This is as general a statement of the theorem as you can get. Note that Kleene - in your quotation - is talking about the semantic version of the theorem. What Godel originally proved however involved no semantic notions such as truth, arithmetical truth etc. Whether or not you can see/recognize/acknowledge G as true depends on the semantic/intensional understanding of G - it is a common misconception that Godel wanted to prove the limitations of arithmetical truth. The background he was working against was Hilbertian formalism - so his primary concern was to demonstrate the purely syntactic limitations of formal systems. So, in full syntactic generality, (G1T) says (informally) that no approriate manipulation of symbols in any formal system complicated enough to contain some arithmetic will end up with G. It is, according to Wittgenstein, a paradigmatically philosophical conceit to put distance between a rule (viewed in abstraction) and the understanding of a rule. Only in philosophy are we tempted to talk like this: in reality (i.e. in language games that arise naturally in our form of life) rules are followed in the same way that commands are carried out, viz. as a reaction to prompts and ostensive definitions carried out in a shared form of life (what in our case we may call a shared 'linguistic environment'.) This is what Wittgenstein means when he says that by "interpretation" we should understand simply alternative ways of expressing (as opposed to understanding) the same rule. Now I mention cheating. You mentioned alternate topologies on which we may define a "straight line" to have behaviors different from Euclid's. This is just a linguistic issue. If Euclid had called it a FribbleMoose, we'd probably invent a new term for the concept in other topologies. But "straight line" still has an intuitive appeal." You are comparing two different cases. One is "the probability of landing heads on the next flip" and the other is "sum of the number of heads." The latter is governed by the Central Limit Theorem, which explains why the sum converges so rapidly (in many cases). Summing acts very differently than simply asking "what's the next result," and its the summing that causes the convergence. Just kidding, as a fellow engineer, I have an inkling where you are digging at. Welcome to the fascinating underbelly of mathematics, which is constantly churning and mixing with the philosophy of mathematics. It behaves a bit differently than the upper tiers. Instead of trying to make powerful earth shattering statements about our reality, like proving there are countably infinite primes, they're trying to define the most subtle and intuitive assumptions you can make to get there. Your concept that it is an appeal to intuition is valid, because that's what it is. It is, according to Wittgenstein, a paradigmatically philosophical conceit to put distance between a rule (viewed in abstraction) and the understanding of a rule. Only in philosophy are we tempted to talk like this: in reality (i.e. in language games that arise naturally in our form of life) rules are followed in the same way that commands are carried out, viz. as a reaction to prompts and ostensive definitions carried out in a shared form of life (what in our case we may call a shared 'linguistic environment'.) This is what Wittgenstein means when he says that by "interpretation" we should understand simply alternative ways of expressing (as opposed to understanding) the same rule. This is as general a statement of the theorem as you can get. Note that Kleene - in your quotation - is talking about the semantic version of the theorem. What Godel originally proved however involved no semantic notions such as truth, arithmetical truth etc. Whether or not you can see/recognize/acknowledge G as true depends on the semantic/intensional understanding of G - it is a common misconception that Godel wanted to prove the limitations of arithmetical truth. The background he was working against was Hilbertian formalism - so his primary concern was to demonstrate the purely syntactic limitations of formal systems. So, in full syntactic generality, (G1T) says (informally) that no approriate manipulation of symbols in any formal system complicated enough to contain some arithmetic will end up with G.