Biology is hardly unique in having conceptual theories which may be expressed without formal mathematics. Physics, for instance, has them; its just that these can also be further elaborated by mathematics. Some examples: If you want to consider a "mathematical universe" in which there is only one element, you can let P be some tautological property (such as P(x) ≡ (x=x) which holds of all objects). Then the above formula can be simplified to 

If the number three seems to us to have an extremely vital existence, this could be because the concept of number is a useful one to be able to formulate when reacting to the world around us, and so much so that it is wired into our brains at a very deep level. This means that there are really amounts of things in the world, and that some notions of 'amount' are so simple and important that you can evolve creatures who believe that the notion of amount is so vitally important, that it can exist independently of anything to have an amount of. 

This is not to say that it is either necessary or fruitful to mathematise biology; only that it is not impossible in principle — and that the nature of the obstacle amounts to one of sheer computational complexity, as with the solutuon of the three-body gravitational problem. From the outside, biology seems to do quite a good job at tackling extremely complex phenomena using qualitative principles. It is not difficult to imagine that an accurate mathematisation of biology would either be so coarse or ad-hoc as to provide no special benefit over qualitative reasoning, or so complex as to be actually impossible for a human mind to grasp. If so, what benefit would be obtained through its mathematisation? There are a number of things which are problematic with identifying infinity with zero, with entertaining the idea that they are equal. This is another problem which is touched on by your question. Quantum mechanics does indeed depend on "randomness"; but randomness is not the same as "anything can happen". For instance, a dice roll is random: but would you expect to roll a seven on a single die, because it is random? More precisely, not everything that can happen will actually happen: if you rolled the die a thousand times and only rolled sixes and twos, wouldn't you come to suspect something was wrong? But certainly it's possible. The problem with the die which rolls only sixes and twos is that it violates your expectations, which is a way of observing that there are limits and averages which you can expect from the die. Similarly, although quantum mechanics is random — and also to our macroscopically-honed expectations, strange — this does not mean that it's a free-for-all of strangeness at all times. The very fact that we have a theory of quantum mechanics that works at all, indicates that it has regularity and predictability about it; it only has less predictability than a deterministic theory of physics in which we can finely control the initial conditions of the system.