Adding a bit for older kids, there are formulas you can use even for quite complex stories. If your kids like Tolkien, there is a common Tolkien-ish formula. Here's my approximation of it: 

Since you don't provide an age, there are a few different guidelines based on age. 

Once they hit the age that 'plot' stories make sense, and you manage to find out what they enjoy (by trial and error, most likely), I like the idea of taking formulaic stories that they enjoy book versions of, and make up your own versions. This doesn't require any preparation other than knowing what the formula is from having read quite a few. My son likes Curious George; for that, the formula is: 

The Man with the Yellow Hat needed Sugar, Baking Powder, Chocolate Chips, and flour, to bake the cookies they wanted to bake. While they went past the cookie aisle, George saw something he liked, and ran off. R followed him, and said "No George, don't run away!" George stopped, and saw a little boy crying in the aisle. R couldn't find the Man with the Yellow Hat, so he found a worker at the store, and told him the boy was missing his mommy. 

Finally, make sure you don't have health issues that are making this worse. Make sure he doesn't have acid reflux, for example. Check with your pediatrician regularly about this, and see what they think. 

A few things are going to happen if they haven't already with your infant. 

I wrote that in about 3 minutes, and largely copied off of a similar story I read frequently (George goes to the Baseball Game, or something titled like that). It has elements of my son in it - he likes to run down aisles, like every kid - and elements I like to teach him (asking a store worker if he's lost). It also has a lot of 'hooks' for him to interject details - for example, he can provide the details of the shopping list, and what they're making at home, or the store's name, or what aisle George ran down. It's also a terrible story from an adult perspective, but it's loads of fun for a three year old. 

You could watch Star Wars, read (or watch!) Lord of the Rings, or read countless fantasy books and see this same formula used over and over again. Some stick more closely to it - see Terry Brooks or David Eddings, both of whom unabashedly stick to it fairly tightly - perhaps the closest of which is Star Wars itself. I am not going to replicate this here due to space and time constraints (and I'm pretty terrible as an author), but it's not all that hard to replicate - and in fact, many D&D games that are more on the storytelling side end up replicating this (often intentionally). By 8 or 10 you could easily do something like this with your children, and involve them (perhaps with some roleplaying aspects, perhaps not) and have a lot of fun. 

Between nine months and two years or so, they often enjoy books with pictures (in particular, photographs) that they can identify. Books with lots of pictures of trains or trucks if they're a transportation kid, animals if that's their thing, etc.; ABC, color, or number books; or "Baby's First Word" books are all good here. Stories in terms of plotted stories won't be very effective, because they won't understand the concept of plot or know why they should listen, and they don't necessarily want to go in order. 

Counter-intuitive, but. . . I gather from the statement: 

As others have mentioned, the blanket is probably of little concern in terms of suffocation at this stage in her development because she can move around freely (as opposed to an infant that cannot). 

As a baby, she fell asleep being held. In order to teach her to fall asleep more independently, we had to start by sitting in the room while she fell asleep. For a long time, we had the rocker I used for nursing her in her bedroom so she could fall asleep with one of us in the room, but we could sit in the rocker and read to ourselves or use the laptop to still be getting something done quietly while she fell asleep. Then we would work on something in the room next door and check on her every ten minutes or so (which usually meant we only had to check on her once or twice). 

The remaining hazard they do cause is if they become loosened, the child can become entangled. Make sure the bumper fits properly and is fully secured (we never used one because she didn't sleep in a crib, but I would suggest stitching the ties together so they do not become undone in the night if you should decide to add them to the crib. My sister-in-law used one that didn't have ties and instead velcroed to itself and went completely up over the top rail (I don't believe it was any safer especially since it was made by her mother-in-law and not tested).