So sister, don't worry. You are FINE. Whispering is from the Shaytan. Try to recite Surat Al Falaq, Surat Al Naas and Surat Al Fatiha regularly. Make sure you do your prayers on time and all these thoughts will go away InshaAllah. 

First of all, a woman cannot give her husband a divorce. Even if she says it clearly with all the intention from the bottom of her heart. The only time a woman can give her husband a divorce is if the husband gives her the right to do so. However, she can ask for Khula', which is an anullment of the marriage contract that's granted to the woman in a court of Islamic law. Disclaimer: I am not a scholar nor an Alim. I am posting this answer based on my understanding as a fellow muslim who happens to have attended a few lectures on Talaq. Now when it comes to divorce, it's all about intention. If your husband gave you the right and you had the option to use that right, you'd have two ways to divorce your husband (which is clearly not the case in this case): When a new rasul&nabi (messenger&prophat) arrives, he receives a Book from Allah in which there are rules to arrange the social life and relationships between people. After the death of that nabi, new and unseen problems start to occur in the society which are not clearly described in the previous Books of Allah. People stay in dark until a new nabi arrives and rearranges the social life according to the new conditions. 

Cloning is new to humans. I will be easier and more common in the future. This is inevitable, it will be a fact of our lives. We feel some great problems in it. We need to be cautious. We don't know what future will give birth to. But, it is best not to make claims like "it is haram" or "it is halal". Allah forbids it: 

In old times, there was no electricity. Illuminating the environment and surroundings was a problem. Without sufficient ambient light, cutting nails, cutting hair, shaving, etc would spread around more dirt. One of the primary sources of what we call "dust" and "dirt" in our homes is nothing but hairs, granulated death skin tissues. So, in order to prevent or reduce undesired dirt at home. In worst case, this dirt may may even get into food and water in dark. People would had done these kind of sensitive body care works in the daylight. This stayed as a rule and reached to today. Now when it comes to divorce, it's all about intention. If your husband gave you the right and you had the option to use that right, you'd have two ways to divorce your husband (which is clearly not the case in this case): 

First of all, a woman cannot give her husband a divorce. Even if she says it clearly with all the intention from the bottom of her heart. The only time a woman can give her husband a divorce is if the husband gives her the right to do so. However, she can ask for Khula', which is an anullment of the marriage contract that's granted to the woman in a court of Islamic law. 

Kenaya divorce is the type of divorce where a person uses ambiguous wording that could mean a divorce or something else. Now in this case a divorce takes place only if the person had the intention. So sister, don't worry. You are FINE. Whispering is from the Shaytan. Try to recite Surat Al Falaq, Surat Al Naas and Surat Al Fatiha regularly. Make sure you do your prayers on time and all these thoughts will go away InshaAllah. Disclaimer: I am not a scholar nor an Alim. I am posting this answer based on my understanding as a fellow muslim who happens to have attended a few lectures on Talaq. 

Clear or Sareeh divorce. That means you use the word Talaq in a way that has a meaning. Like, I am giving you talaq. I am divorcing you. I've divorced you, etc. 

If we are understanding 33:40 and 40:34 correctly, there won't be any more nabi arriving anymore. So, we won't be able to receive perfect solutions from Allah to solve our problems. In this case, we should try to solve our these kind of unclear problems according to maroof (common sense). In old times, there was no electricity. Illuminating the environment and surroundings was a problem. Without sufficient ambient light, cutting nails, cutting hair, shaving, etc would spread around more dirt. One of the primary sources of what we call "dust" and "dirt" in our homes is nothing but hairs, granulated death skin tissues. So, in order to prevent or reduce undesired dirt at home. In worst case, this dirt may may even get into food and water in dark. People would had done these kind of sensitive body care works in the daylight. This stayed as a rule and reached to today. 

14 centuries have passed after the death of the last nabi. The technology changed a lot, lives of people have changed greatly. Because of that, we are in complete dark in some matters. Cloning is one of them. 

When a new rasul&nabi (messenger&prophat) arrives, he receives a Book from Allah in which there are rules to arrange the social life and relationships between people. After the death of that nabi, new and unseen problems start to occur in the society which are not clearly described in the previous Books of Allah. People stay in dark until a new nabi arrives and rearranges the social life according to the new conditions. Cloning is new to humans. I will be easier and more common in the future. This is inevitable, it will be a fact of our lives. We feel some great problems in it. We need to be cautious. We don't know what future will give birth to. But, it is best not to make claims like "it is haram" or "it is halal". Allah forbids it: But we can't say that that it is haram, because we don't have proof or enough knowledge to state so. All the current fatwas are jumping to conclusions from ayats that are actually irrelevant of the topic. Cloning will sure may have some good points too; like producing more animals in a state of drought or scarceness. But also, having good points does not guaranty something to be halal - e.g.; alcohol is haram despite having some good points.