Secondly, you enforced the standard. You told her what is expected, she didn't follow it, thus the consequences were brought forth. Perhaps your methodology could be perceived as "brazen and hasty" by some, but in the end, you have the final say. You're the parents. 

There's been a lot of great answers so far but I'll add my 2 cents because I'm curious to see how this is handled. Here are the things I can think of to caveat off of the other great answers: Here's the bad things: We've all heard the classic "if they all jumped off a bridge, would you do it too?" The articles of clothing her friends' parents allow are non of yours' or your daughter's concern. You are the provider for her. She is dependent upon you for survival until, at least, to the age of 18 (if you are States dwellers). The "my house, my rules" still applies unless she would prefer to chip in on room and board. While making her wear ankle length skirts could make her a social pariah, perhaps she should have listened to your guidance from the very beginning. I was friends with a girl in high school who wore ankle-length denim or cotton skirts every single day. She was one of the most popular girls in school because she didn't draw attention to the fact that she had to wear those items. If she would stop making a big deal of it, the attention would be drawn away from it, and she may have a better time. Also, I don't think length of skirt is the issue here. She's seeking to test you; to test what measures you will take to ensure enforcement. Don't give in. Stay steadfast in your guidance. She may not like it now, hell, she may not like it in the future, but at least you'll show her that people should expect something of her rather than just giving her the world at the first complaint. 

If your wife sees this from your point of view, use the exact evidence you presented to her if/when you discuss the situation with your mother in law. Lastly, kudos to you. This situation may be leaving you wondering if you are a bad parent. While consciously you may reject this idea, words like that settle in deeper than we can fathom. Do not allow it to change you. Everyone here already knows you are respectable father because a respectable father takes time to sit back and really ponder situations like this. If you were not worthy of respect, you would not care about this situation. So again...kudos. 

If you do sit down with MIL, even if she concedes that what she has been doing is wrong and makes amends, have a timeout period. There is some trust and respect that needs to be restored and it will not be mended in such close proximity after a conversation like this. 

This is common sense but it must be said. Don't backdoor the situation through your children. If a situation like you described with the toys or sweets happens again, after MIL leaves, don't pull them aside and explain why that was wrong of her. Allow them to be neutral parties as this is grown-up business.