I'm guessing that if you can reliably beat free poker in the face of all the craziness that happens there, you wouldn't be at all outclassed at a $1/$2 live game. The players will be a mix of skills and styles, but few if any of them will be good players. In the (paraphrased) words of Ed Miller: "How do I know that none of the players in your local 1/2 game are any good? Because they're playing 1/2." So don't be scared of them. Play within your bankroll limits, and you'll be ok. Go to the poker room, sit down, have some fun, observe others, and try to learn and execute your strategies. What's the worst that could happen? Another good way to get your first card room experience is to find a local daily or weekly tournament where you can know up front that the buy-in is the amount of money you can lose. 

IMO, "free" poker is not a close match to cash poker, even at the lowest cash levels. Free poker is great at helping players learn the mechanics of the game and basic gameplay, but it totally misses the behavioral aspects. People act differently when there's money on the line. If possible, try to find an online site that is available in your area and play at the microstakes level such as at the 1/2 cent blind levels. The microstakes levels are surprisingly different from free poker and more accurately mimic what you'd find in a $1/$2 live poker room table, and it's cheaper and easier to find out. At higher stakes the players are better. It is natural for everybody to have smaller relative win rates. 

$5/$10 to $10/$20 4.50% $3.00 0.1 

After reading Harrington, I started thinking in M's during tournament play and it did help to simplify the whole process. I urge you to pick up Harrington's books on tournament play for more about scoring your position with M and the lengthy discussions he has. Your particular M compared to other players in the tournament is a pretty good benchmark about how well your doing in a tournament. Of course the practicality of figuring every players M is a little tough, until the tournament is down to a few tables. 

Exactly what you should do with any particular M at any particular point in a tournament varies widely, depending on other factors such as other players M's, players left in the tournament, players tendencies Etc. M in itself, is just a simple scoring system, a sort of short hand for discussing tournament tactics. Rather then going through player A had 100, T-chips, I had 20 t-chips the blinds were 5-10, one can discuss it like I had 1.5 M, villain had about 7 M at the final table were the average was about 5 M.