Obamacare repeal includes tax cuts: 

Yes In order to be binding in the United States (US), a treaty must be ratified by two thirds of the Senate (67 Senators). UN COP21 was not. It was just signed by Barack Obama. The US can't copy the UK though (example source). The UK employs all the healthcare providers directly and subsidizes schooling. The US has a system of private healthcare providers who aren't ready to take pay cuts to match UK wages. The UK also determines things like equipment spending at the national level. By contrast, each clinic or hospital chooses to buy or not buy in the US. And there are incentives to buy. 

It doesn't help that most of the people who benefit are Democrats while most of the people who pay are Republicans. People with incomes less than $50,000 were potentially helped by Obamacare and voted for Hillary Clinton. People with incomes greater than $50,000 vote for Trump and do not get Obamacare benefits but do pay Obamacare taxes. Example source. 

Other countries The US has the most expensive health care system in the world. This was true prior to Obamacare and hasn't changed. In fact, the US and state governments spend as much on healthcare as a percentage of GDP as the United Kingdom does. And of course the UK has universal coverage. Required services Obamacare requires coverage for certain things. Those certain things are expensive. Some people preferred to buy cheaper coverage without those certain things. Those people either lost coverage or are paying more. Either way, not happy. 

None of that applies to emergency care. In both countries, emergency care is well staffed and immediate. But there's a lot of non-emergency care where wait times have little impact on health but a lot of impact on costs. 

A VAT reduces the value of savings, as part of the savings will be used to pay the VAT. A border-adjusted VAT is essentially a tax on imports, like a tariff. Countries with VATs tend to add them to existing taxes rather than replacing existing taxes with VATs. This leads to more taxes and spending. United States specific reasons: For those who are unclear about the contrast: A trial must be speedy and public unless ... there's no trial and no punishment. There is no "A trial must be provided unless ..." requirement. You can't just go to the government and demand a trial. The government must first try to do something, like incarcerate you. If healthcare is a right, then someone can go to a hospital and demand healthcare.