See this image from from this article: Note that while saddle height is the "easiest" measurement you can setup, you also need to set the forwards/backwards position of the saddle, tilt, handlebar height and reach, etc. (which is why people do bike fits). 

The biggest things you have to do are get the effective top tube right. Then you have seat height and angle and handlebar height and stuff. Its not exactly a science though so you have to play around with it. 

Finally, a note on money: If you want to do this, note that you'll probably end up paying more than a similar bike on the market due to the fact that you're buying 1 of each part rather than a ton of each part like a complete manufacturer does. And you have the cost of your labor or LBS labor in putting it together. Sheldon Brown's site is useful if you want to do this, as is the Park Tool site (Park Tool makes some excellent bicycle specific tools, but if you're purchasing tools, you may want to go with a cheaper set since they do not need to be so long lasting). There are also various books, such as "The Bicycling Guide to Complete Bicycle Maintenance and Repair" by Todd Downs, "Big Blue Book of Bicycle Repair" by Park Tool and "Sutherland's Handbook for Bicycle Mechanics" among others which may be of use (the last one is designed pretty much for shop mechanics though). Your bicycle is probably as protected as its going to get when it comes out of the factory, so I'd suggest doing nothing (well, maybe crash less). The first problem with building your own bike is fit. If you don't know what measurements you already need from the frame and stem and handlebars and saddle a priori, its going to be hard to gauge which size is right for you. Your LBS may be able to help you in this area, or if you have a similar type of bike as to the one desired, you may be able to move the measurements to some other part set get close to whats right for you. Picking parts is hard enough as it is when things are approximately known already! If a bike is just sitting in a shed or something for a few years (where few can be a few decades), the best way to recycle it is to just throw a set of new tires+tubes+brake pads on, lube up the chain and then go ride it. This is probably the most environmentally friendly thing to do (possibly via donation to a local charity/bike co-op). An ancient bike might require some new bearing grease and stuff, but a bike isn't like the leftovers in your fridge -- you can bring it back to acceptable condition quite easily. You can still ride an old bike fine -- my current road bike is 27 years old (and there are still tonnes of 70's bikes on the road, just not among the road racer crew). If the bike is in very bad condition, usually in a co-op situation or something, you can still strip some parts from the bike and recycle the rest. 

As for recycling, there is a huge variation in whats accepted for recycling even between neighboring towns (or even parts of the same town) in the US. You have to check with your local ordinance to see if/how you can recycle them. A scrap metal shop might (unlikely) also take a frame, or artists for art projects. Tires are often recycled on cars/trucks, but I don't know if an automotive shop will take a bicycle tire. Some brands are known to have big clearance for tires, such as Surly (they market it as "FFF" - Fatties fit fine). Generally, the type of bike also affects clearance (fat bikes > mountain bikes > touring road bikes or cross bikes > road racers, for example). Most road racers won't clear a 700x35 tire, but most touring bikes and cross bikes will have no problem. A lot of 700c hybrids will also fit the 700x35 tire size, so the types of bikes which fit this tire size are pretty wide. There isn't always one size frame which fits a person well in a given model line of bikes (there may be 2 or more - probably 2 if someones on the border of sizes). In some cases, you can get multiple models to fit by swapping out stems and seatposts and saddle and handlebar adjustments or swaps. However, this is highly dependent on the particular model of the bike and the rider. See also the wikipedia article on Pinstripes. Check the packaging for the bicycle parts you buy -- if they're recyclable, they should have some recycling logo. Then act accordingly to it for your local ordinances. 

When you buy a frame, they state the wheel type (it should have the right hub spacing for frame, braking surface (disc/rim brake) and rim size for the type of wheel the frame was intended to run and the size of tire you are intending to run) and tire clearance with it. Note that the tread pattern also affects clearance - if you have very aggressive tread or studded tires, you may not be able to fit the tire even if its the size they state. If its not stated, all you can do is get the frame and test a wheel+tire combination you want to use (your LBS will be helpful for this).