We should get to know each other and try to understand and respect each other and cooperate to make the world a better place. In such conditions no hatred is allowed. It is relevant because the Quran is from the muslim point of view from GOD. So God is saying I KNOW, you don't know, Abraham wasn't following what you claim to be following, but rather he was "one who turned away from all that is false, having surrendered himself unto God; and he was not of those who ascribe divinity to aught beside Him. 3:67". This definition about Abraham is how he is described in the Quran and the other books, while for instance the Christian doctrine about the trinity would contradict this definition. That is also why it is said "and he was not of those who ascribe divinity to aught beside Him. (wa ma kana mina almushrikin)" Most other translations today seems to (subjectively) ignore that translation and translate it to expansion: What does it even mean to follow the sunnah? Are there any legitimacy in claiming that one should follow the sunnah? By Bilqis, I understand you mean Queen of Sheba as Zamakhshari mentions her to be: "The merciful (people) are shown mercy by the Merciful (Allah). Be merciful on the earth, and you will be shown mercy from Who is above the heavens.... (link) P.S I intended to post this as a comment only but, it got a bit too long. The verse is questioning them on why they are arguing on things they couldn't know about for sure. Because Abraham lived before Musa and Jesus, they couldn't know for sure whether Abraham was following their understanding of their religion or not. And the Quran (GOD) is reminding them, that they don't know for sure because he lived before them. Of these two interpretations you get the following possibilities that the verse is referring too: (13) O mankind, indeed We have created you from male and female and made you peoples and tribes that you may know one another. Indeed, the most noble of you in the sight of Allah is the most righteous of you. Indeed, Allah is Knowing and Acquainted. Well, it seems like the verse illuminating lamp is a word by word translation to English. It also seems to refer to the Prophet. I know of no information which can help us draw conclusions if she continued ruling as a queen or not. I am not even sure what you mean with "information" either, is that limited to ahadith or stories from other faiths/cultures? Regarding the verse 2:106. If you look at the context, in that part Quran is talking about the people of the book, verses 2:105-106 are as follows: In summery, it seems that "the book" in "people of the book" in Quran is more general concept and does not refer exclusively to a particular book. Quran clearly makes the claim in several places that it is not the work of a man and in fact challenges those who do not accept its authenticity to produce something similar. E.g. in verse 2:23 it says: By Quran I assume that the book Quran we have today. We have very high confidence that Quran as we have today is very close to what was revealed to the prophet by God. After the canonization there hasn't been any major disputes about Quran. Copies of the canonized version were spread over the Islamic world and is preserved through multiple copies over a very large area of land. We are quite certain to have the canonized copy. So if we accept that the Quran is preserved well in the 12 years following the prophet's death during the time of the first 3 caliphs (632-644), then we can say that Quran is preserved well. There are also verses where "the book" is used in the same way that "the prophethood" is used, i.e. as a more general concept, e.g. verses 29:27 and 57:26. Some Muslims can add that Islam is the last religion to their arguments but in reality Jews claim exactly the same thing. They don't believe that there is going to be a new religion after Judaism. And in any case these all rely on some beliefs that are supposed to be secondary to the authenticity of these texts. After him the history becomes a little bit complicated. Scholars agree that Ali (PBUH), unarguably the closest person to the prophet and the fourth Sunni Caliph and first Shia Imam, had a created a written copy by 6 moths after the prophet's death. But that was a private copy. The main reference for Quran among people were the people who memorized the whole Quran. The are various views regarding naskh and its meaning among Islamic scholars and it is a debated issue. You may want to have a look at Naskh article on Wikipedia. Perhaps you think Allah (AWJ) created only this universe and created no humans unless you?! Yes, By Allah Indeed God created thousands of thousands of universes and thousands of thousands of Adams that you are at the end of those universes and Adams. In a story it is said God said to go to a man and meet him. he went and say in a city that all are atheist there is a poor and blind man and is the only believer. Moses a.s. said him do you want to I ask God to cure your eyes? he replied: No, what God prefers for me is more likely for me that what I prefer for myself. then Moses a.s. look him more and saw his eye are coming out of their places and he is getting more and more sick but does not ask God to cure him. In a Hadith Imam Sadiq a.s. said to one of his companions: Anyway the best and easiest possible way of seeing a miracle by your own eyes is doing Tawassul to the Ahl ul Bayt. they are very merciful and answer you very soon. but a serious Tawassul with loving them is needed to they answer soon. leaving sin and obeying obeying them as well as Quran makes acceptance of dua and seeing miracle done by them much more sooner.