Dua'a E Tawassul (Seeking Intercession) 

Perhaps you think Allah (AWJ) created only this universe and created no humans unless you?! Yes, By Allah Indeed God created thousands of thousands of universes and thousands of thousands of Adams that you are at the end of those universes and Adams. 

Firstly Quran itself is the miracle of our times and contains many scientific miracles. but if one is not aware about the context of society at 1400 years ago in Arabia peninsula when Quran was appeared, it is not easy to understand how Quran is miracle of this era. there are different websites explaining some scientific miracles of Quran. 

In a story it is said God said to go to a man and meet him. he went and say in a city that all are atheist there is a poor and blind man and is the only believer. Moses a.s. said him do you want to I ask God to cure your eyes? he replied: No, what God prefers for me is more likely for me that what I prefer for myself. then Moses a.s. look him more and saw his eye are coming out of their places and he is getting more and more sick but does not ask God to cure him. 

This list is only few examples (like a drop from an ocean). nearly every Iranian has miraculous experiences from Imam Reza a.s. for himself or his relatives. Iranians love Imam Reza a.s. too much. many of people have seen him in dream that he answers to their questions and problems. this is not only about him but about all of the fourteen infallibles. but because the shrine of 8th Imam is inside Iran and easier to access people of Iran go to his shrine and do Tawassul to him. Tawassul means asking one of Awlia to he ask God to God accept our dua. because our sins make a barrier between us and God and causes our dua do not reach God and so not be accepted. people from all over the world come to holy shrine of Imam Reza a.s. and seek Tawassul from his holy soul. 

Anyway the best and easiest possible way of seeing a miracle by your own eyes is doing Tawassul to the Ahl ul Bayt. they are very merciful and answer you very soon. but a serious Tawassul with loving them is needed to they answer soon. leaving sin and obeying obeying them as well as Quran makes acceptance of dua and seeing miracle done by them much more sooner. 

The phrase Allahu Akbar being used repeatedly in terrorist attacks (Wikipedia, jihadist usage) 

It doesn't look like it; the "literal" translation is listed as: 

It's also worth noting an example of how these findings are fudged to fit the pattern the author is seeking: 

A few translations of Qur'an 79:30 say that the Earth is egg-shaped. For example: 

Say, "Come, I will recite what your Lord has prohibited to you. [He commands] that you not associate anything with Him, and to parents, good treatment, and do not kill your children out of poverty; We will provide for you and them. And do not approach immoralities - what is apparent of them and what is concealed. And do not kill the soul which Allah has forbidden [to be killed] except by [legal] right. This has He instructed you that you may use reason." -- Qur'an 6:151 

There are surely many complex and evolving factors in play here. (See e.g. The Sociology and Psychology of Terrorism, Library of Congress, which includes terrorism motivated by religions, including Islam.) But it should be pretty clear that Muslims want terrorism stopped: 

Islam, which is a religion of peace and tolerance, condemns this act and sees this is as a wounding scar on the face of humanity. -- Shaikh Muhammad Yusuf Islahi in response to the September 11 attacks (and many other scholars, Islamic Statements Against Terrorism) 

In Sahih al-Bukhari 6881, Book 87, Hadith 20, Ibn 'Abbās narrated that this verse was revealed to abrogate a ruling that existed from the time of the Torah. For Bani Israel, the punishment for murder was only al-qisas; for Muslims: the payment of blood money became permissible. You may read more about it in Tafsir al-Tabari, Jami'a al-Bayān. Below is a brief account from his tafsir. 

The Qur'an was revealed in progression, as you mentioned, with verses from the same chapter being revealed not necessarily in sequence. The Qur'an was revised in its entirety with Gabriel once a year, and twice in the last year prior to the death of the Prophet ﷺ. This typically took place in the month of Ramadan. 

... as a mercy from your Lord. And I did it not of my own accord. That is the interpretation of that about which you could not have patience. 

... and he said regarding the boy "we intended" as if he attributed the murder to himself, and the substitution to Allah, may He be exalted ... 

The Prophet wrote to the people of Najran: In the name of the God of Ibrahim (Abraham), Is'haq (Isaac) and Ya'qoub (Jacob), I invite you to worship Allah instead of worshiping his slaves, and to be worthy of Allah rather than his slaves, or to pay jizyah if you decline.