The queue should show the question and all its comments, highlighting the flagged ones, to make it easy to "agree to delete" many comments at a time, yet also easy to copy and paste the comments if you wanted to edit them into the question. Something like you see all the comments at once (whether flagged or not, perhaps the flagged ones have a button to vote-to-delete) and then you go down the list skipping the ones you want to keep and clicking delete on the ones that should go, and then click I'm done. I may be missing a "janitor" behavior; edit one in or suggest it in the comments and I will. The third is accomplished by actually closing the question and thus preventing answers to be added to it. The poster of the duplicate can still earn rep, so this isn't a punishment either. Closing means that anyone who reads the duplicate and wants to answer will need to go to the other question to answer, which won't hurt anyone and keeps all the answers together. It also means anyone who reads the duplicate and thinks "yes! This is exactly what I need to know!" also needs to go to the other question, but it's just one click more. This math is pretty straightforward. At the moment I write this, Jon has 606,882 rep and #2 has 463,940 - a gap of about 150,000 rep. He gets 200-400 rep a day, the rep cap plus accepts. (Other answers have said 10K a month, which is roughly 300 a day.) Assume, for the fastest possible catchup: The number of days till catchup will be 150,000 / 200 (the rep delta as #2 gains) which is 750 days, or about two years. Minimum. In practice it would be longer, but not centuries. For example if #2 got an average of 100 over the rep cap (or 100 over Jon if you want to imagine him still getting accepts) then it would take four years instead of two. The only thing that would make it take less time is if Jon stopped hitting the rep cap and started earning less than 200 rep/day. With almost 30,000 posts I think that's impossible. Of these, which is more common? On a random day, will more people hit the rep cap than use up their close votes? Are the following statements correct (for SO only, I understand the numbers differ elsewhere): This sort of stuff, which is not an answer at all, should be an edit to the question or a comment on an answer (or split accordingly, I've seen "answers" that reply to several other answers as well as "clarifying" something in the question to the opposite of what it first appeared to be.) It is possible to ask too many questions, as far as the site is concerned. I recommend starting to ask the question and not submitting it. This will have three benefits: The person quoting the rules "don't say EDIT:" is misunderstanding the purpose of the guideline. When you see that happen, fix it if you can. Since it seems really unlikely anyone would use the tag in their interesting or their ignore lists, and since these questions usually have the word Move in the title, is there any point having the tag? Imagine a post with three or four paragraphs, and a sentence in the middle of the second paragraph is muddy or unclear. The author now wants to edit it. They have at least 5 options: You vote on questions and answers, not people. If you feel you can predict in advance that a particular answerer will not reward you for answering, feel free not to answer. I find that good answers get upvotes from many folks other than the OP - what the OP provides is the opportunity for me to write an answer and show it to people.