This was the theoretical part. There are few things you should take in consideration: 

This is a good question with no "one correct answer". Try follow this rule - the smaller the site the better the rake program. 

In tournaments the rake is usually 10% of the buy-in (i.e. 10$+1$ tournaments means 10$ goes to the prize pool and 1$ is the site commission). Its like insurance plans - each site change their rules slightly, so it will be difficult to compare between them. The sites usually give a "discount" if you join an expensive tournaments. For example, 100$ buy in tournaments has 8$-9$ rake. In cash games, the rake limitation is a build-in discount for players playing big cash games. For example, 0.5$/1$ blinds, 6 players table. lets assume that average pot is 20$ (just a number) --> In this case the rake will be 1$ (5%). In 25$/50$ blinds, the average pot is 400$ (again, just a number) --> the rake is 3$ (according to rake limitation) which is >1% rake. sometimes the sites "punish" players playing small tournaments by slightly increasing rakes (1$+0.12$). When a site want to promote a specific game/cash level/tournament etc. it might temporarily reduce the rake a little bit. There are more issues that indirectly might influence rake like promotions and frequent player points, but this is subject to a different question To clarify things a little bit, allow me to describe the rake issue (as I know it). Basically, there are two types of rakes: for tournaments and for cash games. In cash games, the usual rake is 5% of the pot (every hand) up to a limit of ~3$-5$ (depends on the site). If the flop is not dealt, there is no rake. 

I stopped protect my blinds - found it unprofitable. Automatic fold with bad hands. Bluff more often in middle positions, But never with bad hands. KEEP WRITING NOTES ON PLAYERS - this might seems odd, but because of the enormous number of hands, you meet the same players pretty much. along with point 4 - I use a very short way to write my remarks, for example: a) f - fold. f2 - two folds. etc.... b) reX, rmX, rlX - raise early/middle/late position where X means number of times. c) rrX - re-raise. X again is the number of times. d) pb - protect blinds. and some more.... I am still learning the game and try all kind of staff. Also known as: 1,758,276 to 1 (which is the answer to your question). 

1) If you play as many hands of live poker as online poker, you will see the same thing. While it is amazingly hard to believe hands sometimes, sooner or later every hand combination imaginable (and some that aren't) will happen on their own. This is just part of a random system like poker. Keep in mind that the most extraordinary hands are the ones that we remember too. When AK beats KJ on a KQ942 board, we really don't think too much about it, but when 99 beats KK and AA on a AK992 board, we remember it and tell everybody! 

Since this hand could be dealt two ways (A♥ and 5♠ or 5♠ and A♥) and be the "same hand" for the purposes of poker, you would need to be dealt either of those two cards on the first hole card that you receive and the other card on the second hole card that you receive. 

2) The poker sites don't need to set hands up. There is plenty of action as it is, and the consequences of getting caught are enormous. There are people who do nothing but collect hand histories, and after getting a hundred million hands or so, you can see patterns and determine whether or not the hands are being tampered with. If they are and people see it, your entire business goes poof and nobody is making money anymore. Why would they risk that when they can just keep on making money (hand over fist) the legit way? In cash games, the usual rake is 5% of the pot (every hand) up to a limit of ~3$-5$ (depends on the site). If the flop is not dealt, there is no rake. 

This is a good question with no "one correct answer". Try follow this rule - the smaller the site the better the rake program. 

To clarify things a little bit, allow me to describe the rake issue (as I know it). Basically, there are two types of rakes: for tournaments and for cash games. I would like to talk more about the adjustment I made when playing Rush poker(fulltilt)/ Zoom (poker stars). 

I stopped protect my blinds - found it unprofitable. Automatic fold with bad hands. Bluff more often in middle positions, But never with bad hands. KEEP WRITING NOTES ON PLAYERS - this might seems odd, but because of the enormous number of hands, you meet the same players pretty much. along with point 4 - I use a very short way to write my remarks, for example: a) f - fold. f2 - two folds. etc.... b) reX, rmX, rlX - raise early/middle/late position where X means number of times. c) rrX - re-raise. X again is the number of times. d) pb - protect blinds. and some more.... I am still learning the game and try all kind of staff. 

2) The poker sites don't need to set hands up. There is plenty of action as it is, and the consequences of getting caught are enormous. There are people who do nothing but collect hand histories, and after getting a hundred million hands or so, you can see patterns and determine whether or not the hands are being tampered with. If they are and people see it, your entire business goes poof and nobody is making money anymore. Why would they risk that when they can just keep on making money (hand over fist) the legit way? To calculate the likelihood of being dealt a specific hand once (and in this case, the "specific hand" would be "the same hand that I was dealt last time), the math looks like this: 

To understand how to calculate these types of questions yourself, here is how you would do it: 

Also known as: 1,758,276 to 1 (which is the answer to your question). 1) If you play as many hands of live poker as online poker, you will see the same thing. While it is amazingly hard to believe hands sometimes, sooner or later every hand combination imaginable (and some that aren't) will happen on their own. This is just part of a random system like poker. Keep in mind that the most extraordinary hands are the ones that we remember too. When AK beats KJ on a KQ942 board, we really don't think too much about it, but when 99 beats KK and AA on a AK992 board, we remember it and tell everybody!