EDIT: Another factor that would drive customers to demand whole animal food or unprocessed food would be fear of adulteration or substitution. A can of tinned meat might be horse instead of beef, but the entire cow standing there is pretty much a cow. The soldiers and officers of all Confederate Armies were exempted from treason trials by the terms of Lee's surrender to Grant. They were allowed to go home unmolested as long as they ceased to make war on the US. All other CSA forces soon surrendered on the same terms and also were exempt from treason trials. Since most Americans no longer raise their own animals, or have to preserve meat for long periods because fresh meat is readily available, they no longer need to buy meat in such large quantities that an entire animal is required, so it is cut up for convenience. 

Even so, you can certainly purchase whole dressed game hens, chickens, and near major holidays 25 pound turkeys, so the driving force is not really a repugnance for animal shaped food. Two exceptions: John Hancock, although from Massachusetts, did not sign with the rest of the Massachusites as he was the President of Congress. Also, Matthew Thornton did not sign with the rest of the New Hampshirites. 

The blocks are also categorized. Start at the leftmost column and go to the rightmost column. Begin with the bottom of each list: Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire (we skip Matthew Thornton's Signature here). This is roughly the order of the colonies, going South to North along the Atlantic Coast. 

Through the Northwest Ordinance of 1787, the Congress of the Confederation prohibited slavery in the territories northwest of the Ohio River. By 1804, abolitionists succeeded in passing legislation in most states north of the Ohio River and the Mason-Dixon Line that would eventually emancipate the slaves. Craft Masonry in Orange and Rockland Counties, New York Page 23 

Here is an excerpt from Wikipedia regarding the founding of Liberia: I've checked out the relevant Wiki pages and Googled it, but I haven't found any reason so far. Thomas Paine wrote one of the first articles advocating the emancipation of slaves and the abolition of slavery in 1775, titled "African Slavery in America". In the US, these days, the national inspection and labeling rules are such that few to none worry much about a package of meat in the store being some other product besides what is stated, and wholesome. EDIT: Another factor that would drive customers to demand whole animal food or unprocessed food would be fear of adulteration or substitution. A can of tinned meat might be horse instead of beef, but the entire cow standing there is pretty much a cow. 

The soldiers and officers of all Confederate Armies were exempted from treason trials by the terms of Lee's surrender to Grant. They were allowed to go home unmolested as long as they ceased to make war on the US. All other CSA forces soon surrendered on the same terms and also were exempt from treason trials. Even so, you can certainly purchase whole dressed game hens, chickens, and near major holidays 25 pound turkeys, so the driving force is not really a repugnance for animal shaped food. Government officials were not exempt, and could have been tried for treason or other crimes. The official in charge of Andersonville Prison camp was executed for his actions there, as War Crimes. Jefferson Davis was imprisoned for about 2 years, but was let go on bail even before Johnson's pardon. Davis wanted a trial, but the US government decided it wasn't worth the fuss. Thomas Paine wrote one of the first articles advocating the emancipation of slaves and the abolition of slavery in 1775, titled "African Slavery in America". 

A very important part that cannot be left out is Uncle Tom's Cabin by Harriet Beecher Stowe. Outraged by the Fugitive Slave Law of 1850, Stowe emphasized the horrors that abolitionists had long claimed about slavery. 

Through the Northwest Ordinance of 1787, the Congress of the Confederation prohibited slavery in the territories northwest of the Ohio River. By 1804, abolitionists succeeded in passing legislation in most states north of the Ohio River and the Mason-Dixon Line that would eventually emancipate the slaves. The blocks are also categorized. Start at the leftmost column and go to the rightmost column. Begin with the bottom of each list: Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire (we skip Matthew Thornton's Signature here). This is roughly the order of the colonies, going South to North along the Atlantic Coast.