Some writing teachers and critics will tell you never to use the first person because the minutiae of one's daily life are not necessarily interesting to readers. That's hogwash. Where is it written that first-person narratives have to include boring, irrelevant detail? The only reason to forego that POV is if you can't do it well. Plenty of great writing has been done from the first-person perspective, from the earliest novels (which were actually done in an epistolary style) to the most modern fiction. If your problem were only with the single word which, it would be routine to solve it by simply using a different word: (Note that in the last case I have removed "some form of" as a modifier for "interface designer," because it weakens the statement.) 

Lead with the result as an independent sentence 

The basic architecture I see at work here is statement of fact + explanation of statement. That is what gets to be tiring. So I suggest you try to vary your delivery of information. Some examples follow, which I will model on your first example (note necessary insertion of comma): Just don't settle for one way of writing something. Example: Lead with the result as a subordinate clause The way to keep a narrative interesting in the first person (or from any POV, for that matter), is to leave out detail that doesn't advance character development or plot, or isn't interesting for some other reason. For your first statement, you're just missing "of" after because. 

You clearly are well-educated, and given that, the kinds of mistakes you are making are simple ones that you should be able to identify yourself. You should slow down and proofread more carefully. Errors like this make it look as if you rushed through your writing, and only did one draft. 

Personally I think a certain amount of conveying tone through punctuation is acceptable even in formal writing. However, it should be extremely sparing. In general, you never want your punctuation to call attention to itself, it should be almost invisible in the service of meaning. It's impossible to know for sure without seeing the paragraphs, but yes, formal writing is generally done in a "neutral voice," which tends to minimize the impact of individual stylistic differences. 

(It's also worth noting that capitalizing nouns that are not proper nouns can feel old fashioned --this was once quite common in English, but does not match the modern style. If you are deliberately seeking a old-fashioned feel, it might be the right choice.) 

Some writers also place the dream or memory in the present tense, which is a bit counterintuitive, but also conveys an altered state of consciousness: 

You are never required to use an exclamation point. Exclamation points are always optional. (You are never required to use an exclamation point! Exclamation points are always optional!) You are correct, however, that there are some sentences that exclamation points will make less ambiguous. If you don't feel right using an exclamation point in those situations, you may want to rethink use of that phrase, since you are using it as an exclamation, even if you don't punctuate it that way.