How do we do it? This is a module. Repeat this contraption as many times as the number of players you want to track. So, 50 players means making this 50 times, but substituting the playerID for a different number, preferably plus one to the previous one. See the wiki for more information. Step 4: Doing something with them. Now that you have an objective that gives a score of '1' to anyone with a skull in their inventory... Or '0' to those without one, you can just make a command block which does things to the players with the score of 1. To remove all mobs (other than player-placed ones, such as armor stands), simply use the mob spawning gamerule. I don't know why Minecraft seems to be spitting out errors, but what you've typed seems to be correct. Are you perhaps using a version of Minecraft prior to 1.4.2? Step 1b. Create a gate. All players have to go onto it when the game starts. When the first player steps on it, they are assigned a scoreboard value in the objective "playerID". This is what we'll be using to identify each player. For example, if I am looking for all players with at 5 or more levels, I would use: You can make a command block that makes the player execute the command. 3. Display your title to eligible players. (In the same command chain as Step 2, only continued. Basically, append these to the end of the chain in Step 2.) You can change beacon colors by placing a colored stained glass block above the beacon's light. Via command blocks: Differentiate teams by color: Simply use: There are two ways you can output things to the chat. You're better off selecting everybody who the rule fits to run the command on. This only requires one repeated chain to fulfil. There are several ways you can do that: Place a fast clock (at about 10Hz; turns on 10 times a second). You may go faster - But it will not work with repeaters/comparitors etc. That pulse goes into a command block with this command: In Minecraft 1.13 the /give command was changed. If you were to use a command like so: /give (players) (item) ((count)) ((data)) ((nbt)) /give (players) (item) ((count)) If you would like to test for the item in a certain slot in there inventory then you could use a command like this: Or the gamemode you want. It should look like this. The simplest way to get an unbreaking item is to give yourself the item and then use the /enchant command. https://www.minecraftjson.com/ The syntax for the enchant command looks like this: The Youtuber Dragnoz also has a great video on how to do things like this. The give command used to work like this This will testfor if they have the item somewhere in there inventory However, the new syntax looks like this I'm running 1.10.2 and this is only a two player game. (For me and a friend) /enchant (player) (enchantment ID) [level] To find out more about the changed and new 1.13 commands you can look here: https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/1.13 I'm creating a game and I need a fill command to have a 50-50 chance of opening one of two gates (Ex. This will be activated when a button is pressed to start game). The obvious choice would to use the @r selector, but I don't know how to apply this to a command block command. What you could do is /testfor a player with a helmet with a custom name scuba. Test for the slot number they have it in, (helmets are 103) This command should do all that: Context: In the Minecraft 14w08a, a snapshot between 1.8 and 1.7, you can now test for an item in a player's inventory by clearing 0 items of that type, as in the snapshot, it added the ability to specify the number of items to remove. Via Bukkit/Spigot/whatnot plugins: This plugin should do the trick. There is also a Minepedia section on the string format should you decide to write them yourself. Create a command block that tests for this, on a 20Hz clock (refreshes 20 times a second, the fastest possible clock)... Or slower if you wish. You can change beacon colors by placing a colored stained glass block above the beacon's light. You can combine several different colors to make different colors to create different hues. Instead of testing for a gamemode NBT tag, why don't you use the gamemode selector instead? How do we do it? This is a module. Repeat this contraption as many times as the number of players you want to track. So, 50 players means making this 50 times, but substituting the playerID for a different number, preferably plus one to the previous one. Place a fast clock (at about 10Hz; turns on 10 times a second). You may go faster - But it will not work with repeaters/comparitors etc. That pulse goes into a command block with this command: If the player is inside the area and hasn't been executed yet, show him the title. Mark all players inside the trigger area as executed. If done right, you should have a repeat command block, followed by a chain of chain command blocks with the commands in the order shown. The give command used to work like this /give (players) (item) ((count)) ((data)) ((nbt)) What you could do is /testfor a player with a helmet with a custom name scuba. Test for the slot number they have it in, (helmets are 103) This command should do all that: The syntax for the enchant command looks like this: https://www.minecraftjson.com/ To find out more about the changed and new 1.13 commands you can look here: https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/1.13 /enchant (player) (enchantment ID) [level] The Youtuber Dragnoz also has a great video on how to do things like this. This will testfor if they have the item somewhere in there inventory If you were to use a command like so: I'm creating a game and I need a fill command to have a 50-50 chance of opening one of two gates (Ex. This will be activated when a button is pressed to start game). The obvious choice would to use the @r selector, but I don't know how to apply this to a command block command.