43 But know this, that if the goodman of the house had known in what watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would not have suffered his house to be broken up. 

2 And Jesus said unto them, See ye not all these things? verily I say unto you, There shall not be left here one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down. 

30 And it came to pass, as he sat at meat with them, he took bread, and blessed it, and brake, and gave to them. 

38 For as in the days that were before the flood they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark, 

24 For there shall arise false Christs, and false prophets, and shall shew great signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. 

20 And they did all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the fragments that remained twelve baskets full. 

So the Lord has Ezekiel prepare a tally-stick, signifying a formal contract in which one side represents writings of Judah, and the other, writings of Joseph, that will be joined together into one "in my hand." The writings of Judah are obviously the Bible, which leaves an obvious question: what can the identity of the stick of Joseph be? This prophecy requires a writing similar in nature to the Bible, containing the Lord's covenant with his people, as the Bible does, but coming forth from Joseph, not Judah. 

LDS scholar Hugh Nibley has a thorough treatment of the subject in his article, The Stick of Judah. He begins from the premise that what Ezekiel is doing, writing on two halves of a rod and joining them together so that they become one in his hand, is familiar to his audience, even though it's not familiar to us. Then he explains the historical context: 

If that's true, why did Moses leave his family? 

Take a look at these passages of David and Habakkuk expressing their frustration at God: 

Luke 15:8-10 ESV Or suppose a woman has ten silver coins and loses one. Doesn’t she light a lamp, sweep the house and search carefully until she finds it? And when she finds it, she calls her friends and neighbours together and says, “Rejoice with me; I have found my lost coin.” In the same way, I tell you, there is rejoicing in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner who repents. 

I'm guessing when you say heaven, you don't mean the heavens, as in sky and space. You're talking about eternity-with-God heaven. Where-believers-go-after-their-body-dies heaven. So does scripture say that one can visit this eternal-heaven, peruse around awhile, have some tea, then come back to earth? 

Community of Christ Their statement of note: 

One way that Francis could have meant it was that creation, or created things, can bring someone to the Lord. He may have been re-stating Romans 1:20 which says that no man can deny God's power because he's plainly revealed it through his creation: