Both sides tried both strategies in the WW1, and, in the end, Entente won by attrition. This is why just about everyone knows about Auschwitz which had a forced labor section and thus quite a few survivors, but few have heard of death factories like Sobibór, Treblinka, Bełżec, Chełmno, Maly Trostenets, Majdanek where survival rate was on the order 1:100,000. The only way to evaluate the impact of L-L is based on circumstantial evidence. Chiang Kai-shek had a Russian daughter in law, also he was weakened by the Communist guerillas (and thus could be controlled), so Chinese inclusion in the Great Powers was in Stalin's interests too. The Gulf of Finland is fairly narrow and shallow in the East (where Kronstadt is located), so Zhukov in his private conversations admits that the L-L was crucial wrt gunpowder, explosives, steel, trucks. The air distance between Murmansk and Tiksi (Lena delta) is 1744.66 nmi. After Soviet evacuation of Tallinn, Kronstadt became the main base of the Soviet Baltic Fleet. In other words, the Nazi atrocities were historically unusual. Constraints on FDR As an extended reply to a comment Let's look at the map The "port distance" between Kiel and Archangel is 1951 nautical miles, between Kiel and Murmansk - 1584 nautical miles. Industrial Constraints Seriously, what could FDR do that he was not already doing? Building a battleship takes 2-3 years. Making 1000 strategic bombers takes similar time. Mobilization, training the troops, arming them takes time. PPS. See Did Russia Really Go It Alone? How Lend-Lease Helped the Soviets Defeat the Germans and the very entertaining flamewar in comments. 1 and 2 could be achieved in any order, but 3 probably required 1 & 2. Both 1 & 2 required a war. Thus Hitler did not much care whether his actions would bring a war or not, he, apparently, believed his own propaganda and thus thought that Germany would win any war. Thus he was trying to strengthen his position ahead of the inevitable conflict, and if that lead to immediate hostilities, so much for the better. Some scientists worried about what the West might do with nuclear monopoly. The land was taken from Germany on the grounds of Germany having started the war, to weaken it so that it would never be able to do that again. See "Bloodlands: Europe Between Hitler and Stalin" by Timothy D. Snyder. Himmler 1945 - did not even manage to contact a Brit or a Yank; his few contacts were Swedes and all they did was If the Allies have placed all its Mediterranean naval forces in a "narrow gulf" and waited for the Axis to blockade them with minefields, they would have been in trouble too. However, the Allies had several bases (Gibraltar, Malta, Alexandria) which were relatively well protected from the air. Note that the only treaty that Stalin signed but did not violate himself was the non-aggression pact with Hitler; this attitude towards international relationship does not lead to much trust (a swindler thinks that everyone is a swindler). Himmler: if I don't try, there is a certainty that I will be hanged. If I try, I might have a chance. Hitler wanted Germany to take a place on the world scene which was appropriate to the Herrenvolk. Basically, the problem was that the only remaining Soviet naval base was in a spot which was relatively easy to isolate with mines, and, critically, the Germans enjoyed air superiority which enabled them to set the minefields almost unmolested.