Jesus specifically authorized His apostles to teach, and to do that in the authority that He Himself had received from His Heavenly Father. For this reason, the early church placed particular importance on what were judged to be authentic writings of the apostles (as well as their companions who were believed to have acted as scribes for them - e.g. Mark and Luke). The gospels themselves actually fit in this category - the early church trusted that the (canonical) gospels were accurate because of their author's apostolic credentials. For this reason, there is no legitimate basis for separating the gospels into a different category of 'scripture' that does not equally apply to the rest of the New Testament1. 

As well as literary evidence, there is epigraphic evidence which indicates that Phoebe was famous and regarded as an ordained deacon by the Early Church. A funerary stele from the Mount of Olives in Jerusalem, and dated to the latter half of the 4th century, or possibly later, reads: “Here lies the slave and bride of Christ, Sophia the deacon (hē diakonos), the second Phoebe (hē deutera Phoibē), who fell asleep in peace . . .” (Horsely)[11] To be referred to as “the second Phoebe” was clearly meant as an honour for the deacon Sophia being commemorated on the stele. 

Clearly not all Christian views need to have a Biblical basis. I'm a Christian, and I have the view that the square of 2 is 4, and that Neil Armstrong walked on the moon, however these view are not explained in the Bible. 

There is a lot of speculation, however, about "where" Hell is, and I suspect the most common beliefs are that: 

Some groups may go so far as to prohibit all playing cards. 

The answer is quite simple: Scripture does not specify where Hell is. 

When you think about it, this question is based on circular reasoning. 

And to scope the question away from "My uncle is a TE, and believes this", please focus on Theistic Evolutionists which have published their views in a book, magazine, or journal (peer review not required; self-published blogs and the like discouraged). 

Ross is an Old Earth Creationist; that is, he believes in an old earth (billions of years), but that humanity was a "special creation", not evolved from lower life forms. 

Hell is a state of mind, and exists all around us wherever anyone suffers, and in the after life, it may be the same "physical" place as Heaven. 

Thus each suit of 13 cards represents the 13 lunar months of the Earth year. Since the sidereal lunar month may be approximated to 28 days, each deck is equal to 364 days of the year. 

Similarly, the whole deck of 52 cards represents the 52 weeks of the year. Therefore, the whole deck is also equal to 364 days of the year (the positivist calendar) with the four suits corresponding to the four seasons. 

Catholics hold Tradition in high esteem, but (to my understanding), they believe that Tradition never conflicts with the Bible. 

And in my examples, the Bible doesn't say anything about the square of 2 not being 4, nor that Neil Armstrong did not walk on the moon. 

This history of playing cards makes references to several places where card games were prohibited in or near churches--I see no reference to church members being prohibited from playing in other locations. 

In 1 Timothy 1:12-17, Paul - or someone writing as him - says (NRSV translation): 

This was a topic of dispute in early Christianity, between believers who had come from the Jewish faith, and gentiles. The issue relates to whether Christianity is part of Judaism - which would mean that converts had to be circumcised - or whether it is an independent faith. If it is not needed for adult converts, then it would not be applicable for children either. 

The saying is sure and worthy of full acceptance, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners - of whom I am the foremost. But for that very reason I received mercy, so that in me, as the foremost, Jesus Christ might display the utmost patience, making me an example to those who would come to believe in him for eternal life. To the King of the ages, immortal, invisible, the only God, be honor and glory forever and ever. Amen. 

Jesus certainly suffered in his crucifixion, as the Gospels attest. We might argue about the extent to which he was conscious of each sin individually. While some would say that Jesus in his earthly life had only a human intellect, the transcendent nature of the Passion is surely a plausible candidate for an exception. In any case, he felt the pain of every sin, including yours and mine, regardless of precisely how he felt it. 

His system of fixing both the beginning of the world at 11,013 BC and the date of the flood at 4,990 BC diverged from Ussher's dates (4004 BC / 2349 BC) and was based on a radical reinterpration of the patriarchal genealogies in Genesis 5 & 11, interpreting that the underlying original language implied that (some) of the descendants were not direct (ie sons) but that the lists skip generations, with some of the lifespans starting from the death of the preceding "reference" patriarch rather than much earlier in their lives. I admit that I don't understand his logic at this point myself, a few more details are available at the linked (Wikipedia) article, but if you want more of the story, you would have to either read his book Adam when? or the article(s) linked in the question. 

Again Jesus said, “Peace be with you! As the Father has sent me, I am sending you.” - John 20:21 NIV