The recitation of that prayer, kneeling, was also ordered in that writing. The foregoing, which was also published in the journal La settimana del clero, 30 March 1947, does not cite the sources from which the news was drawn. But it results that the way in which that prayer, which was sent to the Ordinaries in 1886, was ordered to be recited was unusual. In confirmation of what Fr. Pechanino wrote we have the authoritative testimony of Card. Nasalli Rocca who, in his Pastoral Letter for Lent, sent to Bologna in 1946, wrote: 

Fr. Domenico Pechenino, Ephemerides Liturgicæ (1955), pp. 58-59. Card. Nasalli Rocca, pastoral letter for Lent, Bologna, 1946. Pope Pius XI, reproduced in Civiltà Cattolica, 1930, vol. III. The translation of the entire appendix below is based on the Italian version, Un esorcista racconta: 

An appendix of Vatican exorcist Fr. Gabriele Amorth's An Exorcist Tells His Story (pp. 37-40) cites: 

Walsh, James Joseph. The Thirteenth, Greatest of Centuries, 1907. 

It is also interesting to take into account another fact, which enriches even more the value of this prayer which is recited after each Mass. Pius XI wanted that, in the recitation of these prayers, there would be placed a particular intention for Russia (cf. his allocution of 30 June 1930). In this allocution, after having remembered the prayers for Russia, which he had asked even all the faithful to say in the anniversary of the patriarch St. Joseph (19 March 1930), and after having remembered the religious persecution in Russia, he thus concludes: 

*cf. John 21:15-17, where Jesus tells St. Peter, the first Pope, to feed his flock (i.e., to give Christians the truths necessary for salvation). 

Also, a good book on the Inquisition, which dispels the myth that the Catholic Church executed people (it was the State who actually did that), is canon lawyer Ed Peters's Inquisition. There's also a good Old Catholic Encyclopedia article "Inquisition." Related to this is St. Thomas Aquinas's discussion of the question "Whether heretics ought to be tolerated?": 

How did this prayer come about? I transcribe what the review Ephemerides Liturgicae published in 1955, pp. 58-59. 

Ockham wrote—"at the end of his letter to the General Chapter in Assisi in the spring of 1334" (cf. Tractatus de Successivis translation p. 12), defending his opposition to Pope John XXII, who opposed the (then-material) dogma that the souls of the deceased destined to heaven behold the Beatific Vision immediately after death, defined by John XXII's successor Benedict XII in Benedictus Deus—that: 

Pope Benedict XIV wrote (Pastoralis Romani Pontificis): 

The Duties of a Pope Pope St. Pius X mentions his papal duties at the very beginning of his encyclical against Modernism, Pascendi Dominici gregis (1907): 

So, a pope must teach (cf. the Great Commission, Mt. 28:19: "Going therefore, teach ye all nations"), sanctify, and rule (yes, even temporally; cf. Cdl. Manning's The Temporal Power of the Vicar of Christ). 

The following quote from Salza & Siscoe's True or False Pope?: Refuting Sedevacantism and Other Modern Errors p. 210 is quite convincing. 

What is currently called the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith used to be called Congregation for Universal Inquisition (erected in 1542), which changed its name to Congregation of the Holy Office in 1908. The Spanish Inquisition was just the Spanish branch of the Inquisition. 

But was Ockham really a sedevacantist (i.e., one not explicitly against the papacy per se but against a particular pope claimant)? 

Thus we see the tremendous presence of Satan is held present with much clarity by the Pontiffs; and the intention that Pius XI added touched the center of the false doctrine sown in our time and which is still poising the life not only of of people but of theologians themselves. If, then, the provisions of Pius XI are not observed, it is the fault of those to whom they were entrusted; certainly, they integrate well with the charismatic events that the Lord has given humanity through the apparitions of Fatima, although being independent of them; Fatima was still unknown to the world then. 

Ockham (cf. this article on him by the Catholic logician Paul V. Spade) invented his dead-end nominalist philosophy in order to justify his being against the papacy (cf. Thomist John Deely's Four Ages of Understanding p. 394 ff., which shows how the Great Western "Schism" lead to the adoption of Ockham's nominalism, despite its weakness).