If you are interested in how other communities have evaluated their questions over time, you can use this query in the Stack Exchange Data Explorer. There's a very obvious trend of decreasing question grade as sites grow. While our current focus is on Stack Overflow because of it's scale and importance to our business, the testing we do there will be useful for all other Stack Exchange sites that grow large enough. That will likely include sites customers pay for. Whether your site has a question quality problem now or will in the future, we'd like to verify that changes we make a positive difference. 36% of deletions within the first three days of a questions life are executed by the asker. Beyond that time, most deletions are automatic and intended to remove cruft and not necessarily because questions are bad. We considered counting just community-initiated deletions, but that made question grade calculations noticeably more expensive to calculate. Fortunately, most deleted questions are downvoted or closed, so statistically speaking, deletion adds very little signal. To the tune of I Heard the Bells on Christmas Day and with deepest apologies to Henry Wadsworth Longfellow: So when Joel Spolsky started talking up Stack Overflow it seemed like an ideal replacement for Usenet. And it does correct a number of problems with previous systems. Notably, very basic and common questions are not commonly asked on Stack Overflow anymore. People seem to be able to find their answers without having to ask and if by some chance they do ask, they are quickly pointed to the canonical question. It's also a plus that people can correct minor issues with other people's answers without implying they are losers or stupid. Edit: Just had a new idea: set up a special, one-time-only review queue to prepare for this split. Every existing MSO question would go into the queue. The queue prompt would be "Which site will this question belong on after the split?" Options would be "MSE" for questions applicable to the whole network, "MSO" for SO-only questions and "Neither" for questions that just ought to be deleted (plus, of course, "Skip"). Then as the business gets larger, the founder gets stuck in some corporate headquarters building, and new people start to think of him as just some suit, not the friend who hired and worked with them. More stores open, and each location is a cold, sterile clone of the others, staffed by people who just need a job and don't really know the customers. Before you know it, the place is Wal-Mart. What Joel says is true. His 50k figure is generous, even; only 2576 SO users have the Beta badge. However, I think he missed the key point of my question (which is understandable; he was getting hit with questions from all sides at the time). Coors has put a lot of effort into its "cold activated cans" campaign, at least in the US. Basically, they've done some chemistry with inks/dyes on their labels that make them change color when the beverages are cooled to a good drinking temperature (illustration). Apparently, the fancy name for this is thermochromism. Here's the full transcript for those who care. (Please ignore the formatting of my initial message. I wasn't yelling. The bold/italic was added in later by an enthusiastic moderator.) Way back in March 2011, when Joel had a random open chat session, I asked him this: Should we be doing more to get existing expert communities to work with Stack Exchange? What steps can we actually take? *Because, uh, you see, I'm about to join your ranks, and I would like to know what I'm getting into... It's been months. Many months. Asking some questions. Answering many more questions. Thanklessly editing hundreds, nay, thousands, of vague and poorly-formed posts. Proving to all, far and wide, that you are the expert. That you know all there is to know about your chosen field. And finally, your hard work, your countless hours, your sleepless nights, have paid off. You have built up a nearly peerless reputation. You and your accomplishments are truly, as my old French teacher would have said, for-mi-dable! You are rolling in the Internet Dollars, having amassed bankrolls well into the thousands. This actually reminds me of what happens to small shops. When they start out, the founder works in the store, knows all the customers and employees, is fine with letting people say "oh, I'll come back and pay tomorrow," &c. People like the place because it has character and a nice sense of community. I, for one, welcome our new reduced-humor overlords. An occasional joke is fine, but when I first came to MSO, all the in-jokes and memes were interfering with the actual purpose of the site.