On the statement from surat ar_Rum (30:54) 

All tafsir books i consulted seem in consensus that no wife of any Prophet betrayed him in the meaning of illegal sexual intercourse. And agree on explaining the deception by saying they were non-Believers. In the case of Noah's wife some say that she used to tell people (the non-Believers) that her husband is mad and if somebody believed and followed him she was informing his enemy's about them, so she didn't keep his secret (note the relation between this and the beginning of the surah, were we are told that a wife of our beloved Prophet (peace be upon him) has disclosed some secret). 

'Othman (May Allah be pleased with him) ordered the collection for the 2nd time of the know Quran into a book to maintain the knowledge in written format as well. And to help those from non Arab origins, who joined Islam recently, to be able to read and learn (See for example here). The difference between the 2 version is the quality of the writing and the materials used for the book but the content was the same as they were collected by the same person (Zaid Ibn Thabet). As a side note it is strongly recommended to memorize the Quran from the same copy as pages can differ, and this may have an impact on the memorisation process ... The 7 Readings and Readers (See also) As far as I can tell we have not for all of the Verses of the Quran neither a Hadith telling us when they exactly were revealed nor a Hadith telling us the reason behind the revelation. Even if we know this for many Verses and Suwar (Surats). For example we know that Surat Yusuf/Yosouf was revealed in the Year of grief ('Aam al Huzn), but if we take it more exactly it's only the Verses telling the Story of the prophet Yusuf (peace be upon him) whom where revealed at that time. Disgrace and humiliation have been stamped upon them wherever they may be except in the case when they get refuge under the favor of Allah or under the patronage of other people. They have incurred the wrath of Allah; therefore misery and humiliation have been stamped upon them. This is because they rejected the Revelations of Allah and killed His Prophets without any just cause; this is the consequence of their disobedience and their transgression.(112) Yes if we have a copy of the Quran we are recommended to respect it for it contains the words of Allah, but we shouldn't worship the hard cover but use the content in our worship of Allah! Imam al-Manawy in his comment on al-Jami' as-Saghir of Imam As-Suyuti explained it shortly (may translation take it carefully): 

@III-AK-III has already given a qualification of the narrator chain 

Iron sent down? Does the word "anzalna"/anzala" really translate to "iron"? 

Allah instructs you concerning your children: ... Whether our Messenger (peace be upon him) was illiterate his whole life or a part of it or what exactly is the meaning of illiterate is are Questions which i won't explain here, but i just want to let you know that they are well discussed matters among Muslim scholars! 

And their Messenger and Prophet Musa (peace be upon him) called them to mind about some of them as we can read in Surat al Ma'ida (5:20) 

Nowadays all Qira-at and Riwayat go back to a handful of sources that's why some (sahih) Qira-at are unknown now! From this we can conclude a believer should walk neither fast nor slow, neither in an arrogant style nor a shay way he should walk with ease. First you should know that the Quran has been transmitted through the time by oral memorization and recitation on a hand of Scholars beginning with the Sahaba (May Allah be pleased with them) and not through a book (even today), and those who learned the Quran only through books are not accepted as teachers of a reading if their Reading isn't approved by a Sheikh/Scholar who has a direct Narration chain until our Messenger (peace be upon him)! 

Finally I recommend you to read: Examples of verses of the Qur'an with two different readings? What happend to the second garden of the disbeliever? Different versions of Arabic Qur'an What are the readings (qira'at) of Quran? According the different counts they are: 

All these verses (and many more) indicate the necessity of Hadith and Sunna. 

Written Quran fragments written by scribes during the lifetime of the Prophet (peace be upon him) Reading/Qira'a - Riwya/Transmition- Tariq/Path 

For example you have in Surat an-Nissa' (4:11) the following expression: 

On the other hand even if Imam a-Shafi'i said that the Quran is Arabic, we know a more accurate "expression" would be it is Arabic or adapted by Arabs, as there are many words in the Quran which Arabs of the time knew, but former Arabs didn't as they came from Persian, Hebrew etc. 

A major reason or goal of the science of I'rab al-Quran is or maybe show a couple of things: means, because their wives were disbelievers, The quran doesn't mention the story of Noah's wife in any other place. And therefore it seems that she has betrayed him after the Noachian flood and Noah didn't know. Ibn 'Ashur also quotes biblical references speaking about Noah's wife being on the arch (she was part of the people who were saved and safely left it when they went on board and left it) but the bible -apparently- didn't mention her later. So either she became a non-believer afterwards or Noah married an other wife later whom was not mentioned in the Torah.