I run Schwalbe Ultremo DD tires in 23c. They have excellent, sticky feeling traction, roll fast and smooth, and use a high Thread per Inch casing which helps with flats, as well as having a Kevlar anti flat layer built into the rubber surface. The DD stands for Double Defense. 

A tire has a shelf life of 3-4 years, even if not ridden. I realize you said that you'd replaced them about a year ago. That could be climate affecting tire life, or it could be that they were old stock on the LBS shelf for some time before you bought them. If you see crosshatching, or your tire feels papery and dry, rather than like rubber on the side wall, replace them. A blowout at speed is a dangerous thing, and a year of use is an acceptable lifetime. 

Yes, you are right that the tire must be replaced. 

It's always a fine balance between flat protection and ride quality. But tire width is not a major concern, assuming you're using tires appropriate to your bike and your riding style. 

The reason road bikes generally run narrow, high pressure tires is to benefit from lower rolling resistance. It allows higher speeds, with less effort. 

I do notice the tire is wearing a bit thin, so I'll probably have to replace it within a year or so. I'm dreading trying to find a 700/35c road tire with Kevlar belt, though -- the catalogs are now full of off-road tires and cater even less to the touring market than they did 5-10 years ago. 

OK -- To make this into a direct answer to the question, the main disadvantage of Kevlar belted tires is that you forget how to change a tire, you do it so rarely. 

Slow leak The first thing you need is a pump. Sometimes (but not usually) you can pump up the flat tire and it will hold air for 30 minutes or so, allowing you to ride home or at least letting you ride for several minutes before you stop and pump it up again. 

Sometimes tires are hard to get seated properly when new (because, eg, they were hanging on a hook in the shop for months), but quickly "take a set" and are no trouble if you have to dismount/remount the tire later. 

The Kevlar belt under the tread increases puncture resistance by at least a factor 10, eliminating most common glass/thorn punctures, and also reducing the tendency of the tire to "bruise". 

Deflate the tire, then press the valve stem in about 1/2 or 3/4 inch while you wiggle the tire to get it around and under tube. Inflate slowly, and if you see the same thing again, repeat the process. It may take two or three tries to get things lined up.. 

Price wise, my recollection is that they are about 30% more expensive than standard tires, but they likely last that much longer (plus save a lot on tubes), so the cost is pretty much a wash. (The odd thing is that Kevlar-belted tires are so hard to find.) 

(And it should be noted that in the OP states his tires are "bald" in 500 miles -- a very short distance. Unless he'd been like a kid laying rubber with the brakes, the tires in question likely have a center strip that is essentially tread-free to start with. This is a common design to minimize rolling resistance.) 

Update: Last Saturday I had my first puncture in maybe 5 years (maybe 2000 miles), while finishing up a 35-mile morning. Just got around to fixing it because it's been ungodly hot and humid. (Hitched a ride home the last two miles, since there was no way to fix the flat in 95-degree weather on a 4-foot shoulder in the sun with traffic whizzing by at 70 MPH.) 

Keeping cars off a bike path is easily done with bollards. Good solid posts 1-1.5m apart will completely block cars, and the middle one can be a removable, lockable version to allow service vehicle access. Alternatively a gate can be provided next to the bike gap. This also permits horse riders. Where the primary concern is horse riders but bikes are permitted, a gate that a horse can step over is sometimes fitted. A cyclist has to dismount and lift the bike over - one thing on a lightly loaded MTB, another touring with a trailer. Here a picture of one (CC-by-SA David Hawgood via Geograph.org.uk): In this case it would also be possible to get a bike round the gate. 

Update 2017: I've now tried to park a bike with even wider tyres in the same rack and the only solution is to put the front wheel next to where it's supposed to be, which means the locks have to hold the bike upright and access to unlock is tricky is the next slot is occupied. If I only had a mountain bike for commuting I'd run a commuting wheelset; as it is I can generally choose another bike. 

So: Can the inner end of ice spikes wear through the casing to cause punctures? 

I'd be happy to dismiss it as bad luck, but if this is an issue I'll fit tyre liners next time I mount these tyres 

I occasionally put one of my bikes in a rack narrow enough that it takes some pulling to get it out. The bike (including tyres) doesn't appear to have suffered at all. 

Bending the cable may work too -- you might not have enough length but a sharp bend away from the tyre might work. Use longnose pliers. This stopped my front derailleur cable irritating my leg, for example. 

I had to change my back tube yesterday and couldn't find anything by eye or by feel on the inside of the tyre, by eye on the outside (it's a schwalbe winter so you can't find anything except its own spikes by running it through your hands). The rim and rim tape were also clean.