Then we instantiate once more: Ok, so the conditional is valid, what about the bicondtional? Again, I don't think it is valid. Consider the following attempted proof: Formalists tend to look at mathematics as a game played by following rules to manipulate symbols--- that is, they tend to reduce mathematics to its syntax. For them, there is no question as to whether the axioms are true, they are just framework presuppositions of the "mathematics game". Well, this is far longer than I expected it to be, but hopefully this answers your question. As the same paragraph notes, the paradox is also discussed in Plato's Meno and various writings of Frege. Notational Preliminaries First, fixing notation. I will use square brackets ([ ]) where I would normally subscript the character within the brackets. Let Q denote Robinson arithmetic and let S denote an arbitrary but fixed recursive consistent extension of Q. Let denote the standard model of Q (and its domain) and say that a sentence is true if it is true in (NOTE: it looks like we have your answer here; yes it is the standard notion of truth-in-a-model. At least, that is the notion used in at least one formalization of the proof. I'll go a bit further to show how we recognize the truth of the Gödel sentence.). For any formula p, let's reserve the bolded version, p, to stand for the Gödel number of p. You seem to have hit upon the paradox of analysis, or at least issues in the vicinity. The whole SEP article on Conceptions of Analysis in Analytic Philosophy is worth a read, but the section on G.E. Moore is particularly relevant. Now, the left hand branch leads to contradiction and so closes. The right hand branch, on the other hand, involves no contradictions and so the negation of the biconditional isn't invalid. But if the negation of the biconditional isn't invalid then the biconditional isn't valid. First the conditional, which I prove via reductio ad absurdum by assuming its negation: Well, it's late at night so I'm sure I'm going to repeat past mistakes and screw something up here. But let's give it a try. There is a big difference, and that is truth. I believe my statement that those are the only two requirements is actually correct (so my concerns were misplaced), Gödel states the conditions as follows: Your assumptions are wrong this time. Gödel used Russell's type theory from Principia Mathematica. Thus Gödel uses a higher-order theory in the original proof (though I'm not sure without taking a deep look how much of the higher-order apparatus is used). In fact, the original paper's (translated) title is "On Formally Undecidable Propositions of Principia Mathematica and Related Systems". Since you tagged the question "Kant", I'll note that the same page has some quotations from Kant on analysis. Famously, Kant thought of math as synthetic -- and so not engaged in analysis -- and he is taken as the inspiration for Intuitionism as well as Frege's later views on geometry. I've never been able to make much sense of Kant, though, so I won't venture to explain his views or comment on whether those inspired by him "got the right idea" from his writings. This SEP article on Quantum Logic is a good place to start. Proof[S](x, y) is to be a formula (i.e., a formula all of whose quantifiers are bound) defining Proof(S) in . In 2.2 they discuss the argument you start off with and some of the disagreements in interpretation. [Assumption] [(1), Rfn(S)] [(2), definition of G] [(1), (3)] [(1)-(4)] [(5), version of _reductio ad absurdum] [(6), definition of G] The author of the linked article, György Serény, gives us the following informal statement of the argument just presented: (DISCLAIMER: There are subtler varieties of each view that may not be adequately captured by the above statements. This answer deals merely with the views in their most generic senses.) Although Krauss is right that Quantum Logic is non-classical (most presentations I've seen either reject the law of excluded middle or go paraconsistent), and so therefore not the standard logic we are used to, he is vastly overstating the claim if he says that "logic is flawed" (without heavy qualification) and if he thinks that anything about Quantum Mechanics shows that 2+2=5 is possibly true. Full second-order logic is also incomplete. Finally (and boy did it take a long time to get to "finally"), let F denote the formal contradiction, and Con(S) = is the formalized statement of the consistency of S. Choose a Gödel sentence G such that . Since Q is sound, G is true if is true. Note that S, as an extension of Q, is -complete meaning that every true sentence is provable in S. a) It is 2nd-Order Logic with Full Semantics. The semantics is "full" because the second order variables range over the full powerset of the first-order domain. Categoricity obtains in many cases as a result of the failure of Lowenheim-Skolem in a second-order setting. To a sleep-deprived version of me, that seems like what you're after. If I messed something up, lemme know and I'll revisit the question with a clearer head. Section 5.2 of the SEP article on Phil of Math has some info you might find useful. Since the proof terminates in a contradiction (a is both φ and not-φ), the negated conditional leads to contradiction and so our original conditional is valid. The Simplest Version of the Argument for G's Truth is true [Assumption] [(1), -completeness of S] [(1), definition of Pr[S]] [(3), definition of G] [(2), (4)] is true [reductio ad absurdum (1)-(5)] This shows the unprovability of the Gödel sentence. You can turn it into a formal proof of G by dropping the references to truth and utilizing the Local Reflection Principle, abbreviated LRP. The principle runs as follows: Capable of representing primitive recursive functions (at the very least the arithmetical ones). Having a recursively enumerable axiom set. Once those two hold (modulo my concern that I might be forgetting something), incompleteness applies to that system.