Immanuel Kant has a principio principii, or begging the question, in the last chapter of his Critique of Pure Reason. This example is rather uncontroversial, because it has been pointed out (or hinted at) in a review of the A edition by Christian Garve and obviously it has been acknowledged by Kant himself (suprisingly, he did not alter this chapter in his B edition, though). 

And the more different objections one can argue against the fewer objections remain. Hence, I am looking for more objections like this, no matter from where they come. 

Kant is thus guilty of a petitio principii which only becomes clear to him through Garve’s objection (for the published version [i.e. Göttinger Anzeigen] of the review had passed over this point as incomprehensible). His explanation presupposes the very thing it is supposed to explain. (The Twenty-Five Years of Philosophy, p.52) 

As you can see, both simply meant ‘customs’, or (social) ‘habits’. Therefore, there are good reasons to state in the introduction to Copp, David (Ed.) (2007). The Oxford Handbook of Ethical Theory. Oxford: Oxford University Press.: 

To apply your example of Lem's: With communicating, reacting to the environment and probably even having self-consciousness, the ocean would possibly even qualify for the highest level, under the name of (but explicitely not excluding other life-forms and species) the human. 

I think what troubles you is the difference between moments loaded with normative aspects and time itself. Our concept of a table is in itself purely descriptive, even if we can load a thought of a specific table normatively. 

This is depicted in e.g. The 25 Years of Philosophy by Eckart Förster: 

It should be emphasised that this is from hearsay (the letter begins with "Einer Sage nach", which can be translated as "according to accounts received")! 

In a letter to Herder two weeks earlier, he also says that "it is said that Kant works on" the Antikritik (see above link). 

Your first task in philosophy is always to understand the usage of the terminology in the particular text you read. Or, respectively, carefully making your own understandings explicit by delivering definitions. 

Plesssner secures this (and the other categries he establishes for each level of the organic) by appling the methods of phenomenology, hermeneutics and transcendental philosophy all together, including the contemporary state of the art biologists' empirical experiments, and by this methodologically avoiding the anthropologic circle, i.e. defining categories and insight only on the basis of the specifically human (see Foucault's episteme of the modern times, but written decades earlier). 

This can be neatly intertwined with the considerations offered above, as laws for Kant are in the first place general rules in the strict sense (i.e. do not allow for exceptions). This means they include general/abstract considerations on socially relevant habits/customs, as they define and influence them.