Going back to the charity example, "Thou shalt not shun charity" has perhaps enough flexibility to preclude the gut reaction against intrusiveness and restrictiveness, and at the same time "shun" can be constructively interpreted as a practically establishable "negative fact". Of course, not by strict logic modeled on scientific observations and experiments, but ethics is not science. Outside of classical logic it may not be necessary to "express every possible scenario". Establishing whether someone shunned charity or not will require judgement calls based on some, perhaps vague, communal norms. They may or may not involve frequency and amounts in a context dependent way, with the context including giver's means, price levels, inflation rate, etc. But presumably it can be reasonably accomplished in most cases, and hence can be ethically functional. Similarly, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor" can be made contextually meaningful. The problem of indefinite scope only arises when one tries to come up with absolutist descriptions valid for all times and places, which is typically unworkable. Perhaps there is way to salvage some aspects the analogy in a creative way, by giving up traditional realism on both sides. Mathematics survived, and remained credible, through all the controversies, despite the lack of "apodictic certainty" and necessity that Plato and Kant sought. Perhaps the analogy tells us that we should settle for something more human in ethics as well. Lear argues for "sophisticated cognitivism" on both sides along the late Wittgensteinian lines: Presumably, your cousin's death is not “suitably reflective” of your intentions for you to be held responsible for it. This reliance on intent generally guides common-sensical and legal assignment of responsibility. But it is not without its pitfalls due to the general obscurity of "intent", and the phenomena like transferred intent, willful ignorance, irresistable impulse, etc. The Latin version of it is Carpe Diem (seize the day) taken from Horace's Odes. There is even a more ancient Homeric Hymn to Apollo about the brothers Agamedes and Trophonius who built Apollo's temple that hosted the oracle at Delphi. Religious ethics, Christian or Islamic, employs both God's commands and prohibitions, so presumably they do envision commands that can not be cogently expressed by their negations, see Divine Command Theory. Note that once we have means of establishing negatives directly, just as positives, the issue shifts to the more practical problem of making judgement calls on various kinds of facts. 

If the chariot of soul is driven by both reason and passions one may not do "right or best" even if "one truly understands" what that is, for passions may not listen to reason. One need not be a relativist to reject moral intellectualism, it was already seen as hopelessly naive by Nietzsche's time, and dangerous in its naivete at an age of unrest and revolutions, and it was disdained by some contemporary religious moralists. In the context of Christianity an even deeper force than passions opposing reason in the human soul was in play, the original sin, the tainted human nature. Nietzsche himself was particularly influenced by Dostoevsky ("the only psychologist from whom I had something to learn", as he writes in the Twilight), whose novels explored the depths of human depravity, conscious and calculated, in vivid and dramatic terms. And it was even more thoroughly discredited later, after the Nazi and communist terror, in the eyes of Freudians and existentialists alike. 

But the self-evidence and objectivity of mathematics are arguably due to the abstract, non-empirical nature of its objects, which allows us fuller control over them. We do not see the definitional build-up in ethics on the same scale exactly because of its concreteness, nor do we see rigid logical arguments. One needs only to read the "proofs" in Spinoza's Ethics or Rawls' Theory of Justice to see how loose they are, and these are the authors who explicitly adopted Euclid as the standard! "We should strive for a kind of moral geometry with all the rigor which this name connotes", Rawls tells us. But of necessity rooted in the subject matter, ethical arguments are only heuristic, and weighted heavily by definitional vagueness and said or unsaid ceteris paribus clauses. Logicians distinguish two kinds of bad arguments, unsound and invalid, see IEP's Validity and Soundness. A fallacy is a flaw in logic that makes an argument invalid. Unsound arguments, on the other hand, may well be logically valid, but argue from false premises. 

Levi-Strauss, one of the founders of French structuralsim in humanities, named Marxism and psychoanalysis among his influences, and there are some triadic developments in his writings, e.g. the dialectic of "langue and parole" (Saussurian distinction of language and speech) in The Structural Study of Myth (1955). See also the OAC discussion Is structuralism an elaboration of dialectics? Levi-Strauss's general historicist outlook is also Hegelian: 

The responsibility objection: kidnapping makes the violinist scenario analogous only to abortion after rape, in most cases the intercourse was voluntarily, so the woman herself caused the baby to need her body. “A thing, then, that in its contribution to the excellence of a state vies with and rivals its wisdom, its soberness, its bravery, is this principle of everyone in it doing his own task.” “It is indeed,” he said. “And is not justice the name you would have to give to the principle that rivals these as conducing to the virtue of state?” “By all means.” “Consider it in this wise too if so you will be convinced. Will you not assign the conduct of lawsuits in your state to the rulers?” “Of course.” “Will not this be the chief aim of their decisions, that no one shall have what belongs to others or be deprived of his own? Nothing else but this.” “On the assumption that this is just?” “Yes.”"