both of which mean that every time and every place is a good time and place to eat cheese — it doesn't matter which time you consider, every place is good; and it doesn't matter what place you're at, anytime is good. The human brain does not seem to have as clear a separation between data and metadata in the same way. What "unknown known" is trying to get at is how the residual network topology which remains from forgotten knowledge, or from knowledge which one has but which one applies reflexively / absent-mindedly / without awarenes, affects cognition. It can range from things which genuinely are knowledge (which one could remember, but forgets that one knows), to things which one could only remember with a mighty struggle and possibly re-constructing ideas or memories (i.e. artificially and in a process not unlike learning something anew). In this respect, even the label "knowledge" is inappropriate, in that it only very coarsely encapsulates the significance of the concept involved. For instance, consider the case where Scottish people are again the universe of discourse. Suppose that we interpret ¬EPP(x) as meaning "x adds something to their porridge when they eat it". Then the following statements are equivalent: So both of these are obviously existential. A better response might be to say that "zero" is not the same as "infinity" on the level of tigers or birds, but only for other physical phenomena, such as matter in the universe. (This would already indicate that the two concepts of zero and infinity are meaningfully different, and that what we're talking about is not mathematics, but physics proper.) Perhaps it is only a meaningful way of describing things on the quantum mechanical level. But here it is no better: why are there not infinitely massive balls of neutrons and protons and electrons popping out of vaccuum — not just a handful with some probability, but infinitely many, all the time, because "nothing is the same as everything"? Sure, it would crush the universe to a tiny speck under the instantaneous emergence of black holes all over the place; but this just gives us a way to see that it isn't happening, not of explaining why it doesn't if somehow "zero" equals "infinity". The problem is that even if you restrict yourself to "the quantum mechanical scale", saying that "zero equals infinity" doesn't allow you to describe features of the physical world with enough precision to explain why at any moment we aren't consumed by black holes. Inasmuch as anything that I've said above makes any sense, what we see is that classical logic does a perfectly good job of presenting a model for the specific example of an "unknown known", once one pushes past the mere label of the thing to consider the actual phenomenon which one wishes to discuss.