If you need walk-ons to solve the heroes problems, you have fallen into the trap of creating difficult problems for the drama when you have no idea how to solve them, and THEN the walk-ons are a deus ex machina, and completely unsatisfying to the audience. Tone down the problems, build in an escape hatch from earlier in the story (weave it into the earlier story if necessary), or make your characters smarter. 

This is part of an overall behavior to try and eliminate the threat. Calls for help, or anger at a messenger: "What kind of fucking doctor are you?! Get me a real doctor god dammit!" Shouting, "Are there real doctors here?!" 

I am writing a scene with a character that has to prove she is lethal. In a movie, we would use a walk-on, unrelated to the main plot of the story, to prove this trait: She would kill somebody, as part of an unexplained job, or a man that thought to mug her, or a cop that tried to stop her. These are "walk-ons" but in the story they must have a reason to be there, she must have a reason to encounter them, one that is within her character thus far: She can't be a businesswoman for 20 minutes, and suddenly get the urge to explore the alley behind a strip club. But if she is a cynical cop for 20 minutes, and hears something odd in the alley, she might find two guys harassing a stripper that is fighting them off, and without a word shoot and kill them both, tell the stripper "Be more careful, honey," then just walk away. 

Vocally there is screaming, yelling, calls for help, anger and threats: Even threats to the person they fear for: "Don't you dare die! Don't you dare! I swear to God...") Bargaining: "Please, I'll do anything, anything, just don't let this happen!" You can have them killed (to prove something or somebody is lethal), many an "assassin" movie starts that way, or "ruthless criminals" movie. You can have them in the way or impeding the hero, the cheerful tow truck driver towing his car. 

Denial: "No no no no this isn't happening you can't do this..." "This can't be happening, this can't be true, what are we going to do?" 

You can put those kinds of reactions into your own words, for your character, at the level of fear they are experiencing. 

Fear reactions tend to be summarized in "flight or fight", which is a nice rhyme, but there is more to it. 

If you mean you wrote yourself into a corner and introduce a walk-on that solves that problem, that is crap writing. Heroes must solve their OWN problems with brains, guts, or sacrifice. Never SOLVE a problem with a walk-on. You can use them to CREATE problems: Bob can't get to Celia because some jerk cabbie is double-parked and he can't get by. 

You don't have to experience all this for yourself, you can often see many good portrayals of fearful people in television or film. You don't want to plagiarize them, obviously but watch what you consider convincing portrayals and note what the fearful characters do and try to characterize the types of things the writers have them say. 

Added due to OP comment: In general your hero has an over-arching problem to solve; and between him and the solution should be some kind of opposition. If that is some natural disaster, your problems may be all incidental and walk-ons conquered one by one (escalating, probably). For example, a family trying to escape Los Angeles when the San Andreas fault ruptures, and continuous earthquakes break California off into the sea. They face an escalating series of threats, by 'walk-ons', the villain is the earthquakes and raging nature. Their obstacles are gang members and many other walk-ons, until they finally set foot on dry land. This is a case of "show don't tell", or for those that frown upon that phrase, I mean write about the effects of the fear. It is anti-climatic. You need a pattern of escalation. Escalating stakes, escalating risk, and perhaps escalating reward. The final escape from LA is Jill hanging by one foot tangled in a rope beneath a faltering helicopter, holding her screaming baby by one arm, while they fly into the worst rain storm in history between bolts of continuous lightning. Not Jill bicycling across a bridge with her baby in a front pack.