What Husserl kept and developed beyond Hume was the recognition of the creative role of mind in cognition. Productive imagination (term shared with Kant) plays a dual role of aiding apprehension in perception, producing perceptual unities like objects, and engages in "free play" to produce what Kant called synthetic a priori intuitions in arithmetic and geometry. In fact, Husserl expands its role even further, it is responsible for memory recalls and "eidetic variation" of acquired perceptual proto-concepts that sharpens their boundaries, and forges them into full fledged essences ("eidoses"). As a result, Husserl gives a more satisfying account of empirical concept formation, which was a major unresolved problem for Kant, see Pippin's Kant on Empirical Concepts. He could not explain how exactly definitive concepts are formed from the undifferentiated "manifold of sensation", and his German idealist successors turned it into "construction of reality" from mental categories. 

Question: Dennett characterized the Chinese room and the China brain as intuition pumps, can Husserlian "personality of higher-order" serve as a counter-pump? It seems (to me) intuitively easier to identify "culture and tradition" with community's "mental states" than to find something suitable in Searle's or Block's scenarios. What exactly makes the difference, if there is any? For purity let's replace humans with philosophical zombies (if need be), by definition this would leave community functioning exactly the same, including the role of "culture and tradition". So can this psycho-social analogy serve as a counter-pump and make the systems reply to Chinese room more plausible, or is there a difference in some key aspects that breaks it down? 

Davidson is, of course, a non-eliminative materialist who believes in irreducibly mental descriptions, and Dennett is a champion of as if intentionality. As for the rest of the OP questions AI in Context chapter from Alison Adam's book Artificial Knowing addresses them directly: 

The middle path between reduction and top down causation is supervenience, the idea that mental changes "track" physical changes, but do not collapse into them. The idea originated in Davidson's Mental Events (1970), and Yablo (1993) and Bennett (2003) gave (what looked like) promising constructions of the tracking. In them the mental is so intimately related to certain physical aspects that bringing about one necessarily brings about the other. So one could say that when knowledge, etc., affects our actions we are strictly speaking referring to its physical companion, but the difference is technical as the two are inextricably linked. Unfortunately, these constructions of tracking were recently shown not to work, see Exclusion, still not Tracted by Keaton and Polger (2014). But the general approach remains attractive to non-reductive materialists. 

At this James made one of the major advances by introducing the two stage model of free will (1884), 

Idealism does not necessarily assert mind as a fundamental entity, but it does assert the metaphysical priority of the ideal over the material. The view of reality as derivative from the mind is associated with a particular strain, so-called subjective idealism, the extreme form of which is solipsism, asserting that only a single mind exists, the subject's own. 

The roots of the pervasive doubt and radical skepticism, symbolized by the envatted brains, are as old as the roots of philosophy itself. If you really dig into it the grandfather of Putnam's vats and Descartes's demons is the Plato's cave, where Plato restricted mental options of his prisoners as best as he could imagine in his low-tech times, by tying their hands and immobilizing their necks so they could be deceived into taking reality to consist of dancing shadows on the wall, cast by the fire behind them. Plato himself was of course inspired by Parmenides and Zeno. In fact, Plato raises the very same issue about the shift in meaning of terms that became central to Putnam's analysis of envatted brains:"And if they could talk to one another, don’t you think they’d suppose that the names they used applied to the things they see passing before them?" Plato, like Putnam, answers "no", i.e. brains raised in a vat have different meaning of "brain" or "vat" than us, same as how Plato's prisoners have the wrong meaning of "real things", unless they listen to Plato.