The truth values of classical propositional logic form a Boolean algebra. The only subdirectly irreducible Boolean algebra has cardinality 2 (True & False). Hence the equational theory of classical propositional logic is completely determined by the two element Boolean algebra. 

The label conjecture is only used for proposition that might one day be decided to be true, false or undecidable. The proposition P≠NP is considered to be a conjecture, but the consistency of ZFC is not considered to be a conjecture. The reason why we believe that both propositions are true is that we haven't found efficient algorithms for NP complete problems, despite intense efforts, and we haven't found a contradiction in ZFC, despite making heavy use of it. We found unpleasant properties of ZFC like the Banach-Tarski paradox, but being an unsuitable model of physical reality is different from a mathematical inconsistency. 

You might want to consider some potential commitments related to strong forms of mathematical idealism: Foundations of mathematics are neither necessary nor possible. Axioms have to be intuitively true, like Euclid's axioms for geometry. Mathematical object are at least as real as any object in the physical world. The question of whether objects like zero, infinity, square root of two, or square root of minus one actually exist is non-trivial and must be answered for each of these objects separately. You are comparing two different cases. One is "the probability of landing heads on the next flip" and the other is "sum of the number of heads." The latter is governed by the Central Limit Theorem, which explains why the sum converges so rapidly (in many cases). Summing acts very differently than simply asking "what's the next result," and its the summing that causes the convergence. What you ask for is a bit tricky because you are using an informal concept to describe variables, rather than the very exacting formal definition of what 'x' really means. In general, informal concepts tend to run into trouble when you try to take the opposite of them, because they weren't sufficiently rigorously defined to survive such a treatment. This is mathematics! We can define anything we bloody well want! A FribbleMoose may be a neat definition to work with. However, it is him electing to call it a "straight line" that suggests that this mathematical definition may have real life implications. This implication is not material to the definition. If it turned out that all of society agreed that Euclid's wording was a poor one, it would at least still have at least as much meaning as a FribbleMoose had, although people may complain about his deceitful naming scheme. That being said, there are many cases where we wish to talk about a domain of "everything." Such a thing is often called the "Universe," and it encapsulates every "thing" which one may wish to talk about using the language of mathematics. It is often given the symbol "U," but it is typically referred to using words first, to make its meaning perfectly clear. 

What makes Euclid's straight line interesting is that it is highly effective at making predictions about how our world works. Euclid claims the sum of the angles of a triangle add up to 180 degrees. In 2300 years, nobody has been able to make a triangle with a different sum of angles (without "cheating"), so we're pretty sure that Euclid's definition of straight lines is useful enough to warrant teaching children. 

Edit I used Banach-Tarski paradox and Gentzen's consistency proof as examples for the unclear relationship between mathematical "conjectures" and real world "relevance", even so the actual examples I personally care about are much simpler and probably even "solvable", at least in theory. I did this, because these are well known and well investigated examples. The drawbacks are that there are unsettled controversies over them (like the criticism of Voevodsky's position regarding consistency), and that I'm not at all an expert on their details. I now read some of the original publications and parts of the controversy, and I have to admit that at least the historical account in my answer was misleading and unfair to Gödel. The least controversial modern "answer" to the consistency problem is probably given by the reverse mathematics program, which shows that Voevodsky's position is really quite questionable. 

You might want to consider some potential commitments related to strong forms of mathematical idealism: Foundations of mathematics are neither necessary nor possible. Axioms have to be intuitively true, like Euclid's axioms for geometry. Mathematical object are at least as real as any object in the physical world. The question of whether objects like zero, infinity, square root of two, or square root of minus one actually exist is non-trivial and must be answered for each of these objects separately. The truth values of classical propositional logic form a Boolean algebra. The only subdirectly irreducible Boolean algebra has cardinality 2 (True & False). Hence the equational theory of classical propositional logic is completely determined by the two element Boolean algebra.