http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lilith#In_the_Bible 

So this question really fall under the umbrella of of the fall like mentioned above, that all good or bad are susceptible to the effects of "darkness" (evil, devil): 

45 If you do this, you will be children who are truly like your Father in heaven. He lets the sun rise for all people, whether they are good or bad. He sends rain to those who do right and to those who do wrong. 

http://www.thefaithlog.com/2005/08/rain-for-just-and-unjust.html 

In the Bible, we find an internal representation of God, who is within us. For example: 

In addition, we also believe that God is Omnipresent. 

There was a show on the History channel stating that some scholars believe Adam and Eve were alive with a third human, Lilith. Lilith disobeyed Adam and Eve, so God sent her to live on earth as a demon. 

"Faith is the key to open the door inside of us, that opens to God." 

or maybe means activating the part of God already in us? 

EDIT:I originally said that Bob Jones University continued its ban on inter-racial dating until 2005. In fact it stopped in 2000, and apologized for it in 2005. 

Where you are incorrect is in saying the the Bible is not a divine book - at least as far as Christians are concerned. Christian belief is that God caused the Bible to be written in exactly the way he wanted it, but did so through the knowledge and minds of the people who wrote it down. Christians believe that it is inspired by God and therefore infallible. 

The traditional Christian view on this is that God completed the work of creation in six days (whether you take that literally or metaphorically). However he is still in the business of sustaining his creation. The Catechism of the Catholic Church says in 301: 

The Bible is inerrant on all matters it addresses, and should be taken to speak the literal truth unless the Bible itself says otherwise. Also called Biblical Literalism. Adherents to this view believe that Genesis is a literal historical description of the creation of the world, for example. The Bible is inerrant on all matters it addresses. This is usually called Biblical Inerrancy. It differs from Biblical Literalism in that it admits of the possibility that the Bible may use non-literal descriptions even when that is not explicitly stated. It is the view of many churches (especially but not only Evangelical churches) who do not explicitly hold to the Literalist viewpoint. The Catholic church holds approximately this view, and says ""the books of Scripture must be acknowledged as teaching solidly, faithfully and without error that truth which God wanted put into sacred writings for the sake of salvation." The Bible is inerrant in matters of faith and Christian practice. Also called Limited Inerrancy. This would mean that the descriptions of God, and commands to his people, are infallible, but that the history of early Israel (for example) might not be completely accurate. The Bible is an accurate enough description of God and his interactions with his people in order for us to know him. Some adherents to this would attach special weight to the Gospels and to the sayings of Jesus. The Bible is a helpful book. 

So this question really fall under the umbrella of of the fall like mentioned above, that all good or bad are susceptible to the effects of "darkness" (evil, devil): 

Is that true, or is it us just acting and thinking differently? 

However, it is very intriguing to point out a fact that there are people who intentionally sin as part of their life style with exceptional health, wealth and well-being. 

It is the bridge between the physical and spiritual worlds. 

but there is also an external representation of God. For example: 

I am confused about what it really means to activate God's power in my life, which I heard my pastor say. 

or maybe means activating the part of God already in us? 

What place does Lilith have in Christianity? Is she part of the devil, an evil angel, is she relevant today? 

It appears in today's (western) culture, people pray and "look up to the sky" or have a mental representation of talking with a human form of God (praying to the human Jesus). 

As a further note, the theological implications of this passage have more to say about the concept of apostolic succession than they do about Western soteriology. The real question it should cause us to ask is whether or not we are part of the Church that has remained faithful to the teachings of the apostles. 

This is a doctrine taught by Plato long before Christianity existed called the "preexistence of souls." According to Josephus, the Essenes affirmed the preexistence of souls. Origen and a couple other early Church Fathers believed this and held the doctrine to be a necessary complement of the doctrine of the immortality of souls. 

So to clearly answer the question, this passage has little to do with the doctrines of conditional or unconditional security. The meaning is simply that these false teachers left the Church (the apostolic fellowship), and by doing so proved that they also left Christ; for to be one with Him is to be united to the Church, which is His Body.