The idea used to be that a triple was just a double with an extra small, 'granny' ring (i.e. only grandmothers would need to use that one) so there was definitely some snobbery in a triple; that it was designed for those who needed a little more help. So on the club training run, you might be teased for it. (Google for 'triple granny ring' for various forum discussions and banter; don't worry, most of the responses are SFW.) 

You should keep tyres topped up, natural leakage occurs and at the higher pressures you might expect 10-20 psi drift within a week. 

Indeed, the higher the pressure and the harder the tyre, the fewer punctures you should expect as the surface should be better at repelling objects. 

You also get a lot more options; so you'll get the similar effective ratios in several ways, because the ranges on the big ring overlap more with the middle, and the middle with the little one. Also, the gears are closer together - so you're more likely to find something that works well at the right time. 

All other things being equal, run them as high as the tyre manufacturer recommends (there will be an advisory notice on the tyre wall). For most tyres of even medium quality, this should be at least 100psi, if not 110; higher end tyres might go up to 130+. (I generally inflate both tyres to similar pressures, but I think that there are some theories that if either were to be higher, that should be the rear, because it carries the majority of the weight.) 

Practically, what it tends to mean is not necessarily a bigger gear at the top (i.e. big front ring & small back ring) but a much lower gear at the bottom, for the hills. So with the same rear cassette you might compare a 50/34 double for a 50/39/30 triple (although a 50/34 is probably more what is called these days a 'compact'). That range of triple combined with a typical rear cassette of 12-28 would work for most hills. 

Treating "competitive cyclists" as this single unified group (with three subgrouping) belies some prejudices. Like all walks of life there are a diversity of people, all with different motivations, morals and life experiences. As such there is no single correct answer your various questions. 

Take Home There is no single unifying experience that makes up competitive cycling. There are definitely "gun-ho" types. (It is a competitive sport after all). Some are abrasive, some are are outgoing and nice, some are reclusive... you get the idea. Like any competitive sport you will get encounter more Type-A types than you would in regular life. But that is sort of the point, isn't it? You are looking for other people to be competitive with. 

While it is true that neck and back pain can be caused by hunching up the shoulders there are multiple possible sources that can cause you to hunch your shoulders (not just the one pushing on the bars). For example, a cockpit that has a reach that is too short and a stack that is too low can also cause you to hunch your shoulders. Even how your pelvis is rotated on the saddle can affect your spinal alignment leading to hunching and neck and back pain (personal experience).