[...] Aristotle clearly thinks that science is knowledge of causes and that in a demonstration, knowledge of the premises is what brings about knowledge of the conclusion. You can see: Barry Smith (editor), John Searle, Cambridge UP (2003), page 18: You can see in SEP The Problem of Induction This implies two strong conditions on what can be the object of scientific knowledge: For sure, a set S with n = 6665734529976967438675338965633321266643790584532111111 elements is quite far from beeing "easy to hold". The issue is that, according to JTB theory, the conclusion : "Jones owns a Ford, or Brown is in Barcelona" appear to be knowledge because it is true (item (i)) : it's a fact that Brown is in Barcelona, and it is believed by Smith (item (ii)) and is justified by a correct use of inference rules (item (iii)) : ii.Scientific knowledge is knowledge of causes I'm not sure about a set S with n = 3567 elements. See Yuri Manin, A Course in Mathematical Logic for Mathematicians (2010), page 45 : διάνοια (the second form : reasoning), In XX century, the positivist school (Mach) and neo-positivism (see Vienna School) "revamped" the empiricist point of view, but significant scientific theory, like Generative Syntax of the american linguist and philosopher of language Noam Chomsky, have argued for the necessity of postulating an "innate capability" of human mind. At the same time, this very example is historically not the case. Since "marriage" was once quite strictly defined as a sacrament between a man and a woman, we now have any number of "married bachelors." Third, just as the "shortest distance" is the "fastest speed" it is also the "least possible difference." The least "distance" entails two "stances" or "instantiations" or "points." A "dif-ference" is related to the root word for "ferry." To go straight back and forth. The fastest ferry is the least difference. And the shortest route or distance, or "straightest line." The "epistemic" principle, if you want to call it that, is here to be found in the intentional structure of language, representation, and the more difficult problem of "meaning." Given that languages are arguably the deepest structures of rational being and are designed precisely to minimize natural "noise," we would almost have to be technically irrational to accept your scenario as "coincidence." However, you are probably wasting your time on the various hobgoblins and eerie powers you list. We do not see such phenomena, werewolves, resurrections, or mind controls, requiring scientific explanation. One must first demonstrate them publicly and repeatedly, which in most cases defies their very definition. The problem lies in "describe nature correctly." Correlation with phenomena is often complex and usually based on forthcoming predictive capacity. I think that if two distinct theories both correlate to the same phenomena they would logically be "reducible to on a another." Fourth, a physicist (can't remember which one) said that if we had only thought more carefully about the ambiguous definition of a "point" we would never have been surprised by quantum paradoxes. Our instinct is to think additively. A good corrective to this is information theory, in which knowledge increases by the elimination of "uncertainty." A Hegelian "negation of negation." I tend to assume it implies not just an "object" but "another subject" or alter-ego or an alterity with some sort of intentionality. I have never seen it related per se to the problem of "other minds" in the analytic traditions, which itself seems to have lost popularity or perhaps acquired a new terminology while I wasn't looking. So your ketchup (spilled at Belshazzar's banquet, no doubt) actually signals a very high, almost certainly non-coincidental probability of mediating some other intelligence like ours. Precisely by appearing as "writing" and "meaningful writing" it has done what we intend to do in information: reduce all other possibilities to near zero. I have always vaguely taken the "Other" to emerge post-Kant, in perhaps Hegel's Phenomenology, evolving onward though Lacan, Levinas, (neither of whom have I read), and many others, becoming a standard term with many variants. Likewise, magnetism, seances, ghosts, and such have often intrigued hopeful scientists and philosophers. With his tolerant epistemology, William James, for one, "liked to turn the lights down low, to give miracles a chance," as Oliver Wendell Holmes put it. The search is never over, the possibilities are never finally foreclosed. Fifth, To expand on the fourth point. We live in "three dimensional" volumes. Scare quotes because we should distrust our axiomatic concepts of "dimension."Two volumes intersect to form a plane. A plane is the intersection or "mutual elimination" of two volumes. A plane is the least thing we can see or imagine. A "line" is the intersection or "mutual limitation" of two planes.A point is the mutual limitation of two lines. And what is the intersection of two points? A circle? An "oscillation?"