PS. This is a very touchy subject for the Russians, so be careful what you believe... making it impossible to prosecute Nixon in an ordinary court. Mechanization - attempted in the form of MTS during Collectivization Chemistry - attempted by Khrushchev. PS. Note that "successfully electrified the country in the 20's" is, to put it mildly, an exaggeration - just look at the rate of electrification in the 30ies. Both sides tried both strategies in the WW1, and, in the end, Entente won by attrition. Mikoyan said that without the L-L the war would have lasted for an extra 1-1.5 years. This is a very critical admission: the Soviet resources, especially the human ones (the army was huge, but there were no men left at home), were largely exhausted by 1945, so it is quite possible that, without L-L, the SU would have been forced to settle for a stalemate to avoid a national collapse (circumstantial evidence of the danger of the regime collapse is provided by the concessions to the church in 1943). The bottom line is that, yes, "Soviet troops got into Berlin riding American trucks, walking in American boots and using American trains" (and eating American food), but they also flew both American and Soviet aircraft, rode mostly Soviet tanks, fired Soviet rifles and canons (with US gunpowder) &c &c &c. Without the Western Allies, both their military action and Lend-Lease, the SU would have certainly not been in Berlin in 1945, and might not even been there in 1946, if ever. Zhukov in his private conversations admits that the L-L was crucial wrt gunpowder, explosives, steel, trucks. You have to don your Sherlock Holmes cap and figure out who is lying where, looking for small discrepancies and inconsistencies. All evidence can be interpreted multiple ways and one has to create a theory consistent with the majority of the evidence - which is a non-trivial task. Lost Victories by Erich von Manstein Inside the Third Reich by Albert Speer They were not elite from the military POV. When a war starts, the diplomats lock down the embassy and leave through a neutral country. They are neither molested nor harassed, and their diplomatic immunity is not disputed. The embassy building and the property therein is taken care of by the neutral country representing the interests of the belligerent (or some other arrangements may be made). This was not the case in Russia. PS. The pardon was controversial: while putting an end to a multi-year chain of scandals, it shielded a crook from jail. Nevertheless, it was a legally unimpeachable move, so nothing could have been done about it. The differences between Nationalists/Chiang vs Communists/Mao were quite unlike the differences between Nazis/Hitler and Communists/Thälmann. E.g., I seem to recall that Mao and Chiang cooperated against the Soviet invasion of Xinjiang. Can you imagine Thälmann cooperating with Hitler against Stalin? Or maybe Henlein cooperating with Beneš against Hitler? (no reference, sorry). Legalese When a person commits a crime, they become a subject to a judicial prosecution, with a notable exception of executives and other high government officials, who have to be Impeached first. In the unforgettable words of Benjamin Franklin However, after Nixon resigned, his successor Ford pardoned him: E.g., FBI spied on Einstein too, even though his political views were hardly communist. The Soviets stopped locomotive production too - and the factories producing them switched to medium and heavy tank production (in fact, given the nature of the Soviet industry, tanks were the main output of the "locomotive plants" from the get go, locomotives were just a side show). Communism has always been buttressed by force. Answer The above sets the stage to the answer: since Spain was remote, relatively backward and poor and thus could not contribute much to the fight of Chiang against Japan (and warlords, including Mao), Chiang's attitude was supremely indifferent. He would go through whatever motions were expedient (e.g., since he was supported by the USSR, he would express indignation at whatever Franco did and support of whatever the Communists did, but nothing else). There were about 100 Chinese in the International Brigades, organized by CCP, and I am sure neither Chiang not Franco cared much.