I'll try to say something about the question of why the counterculture declined. The nature of the question is such that probably nobody can give a definitive answer, just guesses and impressions. My answer is about the US, which was a leader in the movement. Other things were going on in other places, e.g., May 1968 in Paris. 

Two big things that the beatniks and then the hippies were reacting to were institutionalized racism and the Vietnam War. After the war ended and the most glaring racial issues were mitigated, many people probably saw less reason to rebel. 

The word "marihuana" didn't become current in the U.S. until about 1900, when the drug was commonly used by Mexican immigrants and started to become common in subcultures such as jazz musicians. There is no real evidence that before that time, it was common for people to grow Cannabis in the U.S. that was capable of getting anyone high. Although it's true that marijuana had a much lower THC content back in the 60's than it does today, that doesn't mean that the stuff back then was equivalent to industrial hemp; it had more THC and less CBD than industrial hemp. 

The US was expanding into a frontier for much of its history. 

A lot of people in the marijuana legalization movement, as well as a lot of people who would like to legalize cultivation of industrial hemp, want to believe that Washington, Jefferson, Franklin, et al. smoked hemp in order to get stoned, because this might help to legitimize pot. (Never mind that some of these guys also owned slaves...does that make slavery OK?) But their evidence is pretty weak. There seem to be a lot of fabricated quotes running around, as well as some quotes that you really have to stretch in order to construe them as evidence that the founders got high on hemp. It's known that hemp was considered a form of medicine in that period, but lots of herbs are considered to be remedies without actually getting anyone high. 

Through the Northwest Ordinance of 1787, the Congress of the Confederation prohibited slavery in the territories northwest of the Ohio River. By 1804, abolitionists succeeded in passing legislation in most states north of the Ohio River and the Mason-Dixon Line that would eventually emancipate the slaves. 

I've checked out the relevant Wiki pages and Googled it, but I haven't found any reason so far. 

Thomas Paine wrote one of the first articles advocating the emancipation of slaves and the abolition of slavery in 1775, titled "African Slavery in America". 

Craft Masonry in Orange and Rockland Counties, New York Page 23 

Here is an excerpt from Wikipedia regarding the founding of Liberia: 

The blocks are also categorized. Start at the leftmost column and go to the rightmost column. Begin with the bottom of each list: Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire (we skip Matthew Thornton's Signature here). This is roughly the order of the colonies, going South to North along the Atlantic Coast. 

In 2012, the State Department removed the Communist Party of Nepal from the TEL. Furthermore, the TEL is referenced on a current Immigration Services website. 

For a further discussion of the world's aircraft carriers see: World Wide Aircraft Carriers. 

1) The Pertinent Legal Concepts 

Compare that with the US Navy force size from 2007-2011: 

The US Navy is smaller, but light years more powerful than it was in 1919. 

The important point here is that the federal government can pass regulations related to federal elected offices, and the state governments can control elections via the "Times, Places and Manner". However, the federal government has much more limited power with respect to the election of state officials. Since your question is limited to primary elections I won't go into how the federal government can get involved via your voting rights, etc. For further reading see 91 Corpus Juris Secundum United States ยง 18 

It was not until 1831 that the first political party would have a national convention when the Anti-Masonic Party had a national convention in Maryland. This started to formalize things nationwide.