I'm certainly no football mastermind... but maybe the offense was running the ball well with the RBs or QB, preventing the defense from making a LB-to-DB switch, which would further reduce their effectiveness against the run (or that making the switch would fairly obviously set matchups that would unlock a previously contained run game). Or perhaps the slot receiver was just a bit too physical for a safety or cornerback, and a bit too fast for the linebacker, given the amount of time and room he was getting to operate (in other words, the play calling was giving the QB and slot WR too much time to operate). Maybe they just thought that the linebacker they'd take off would cost them more overall than the DB they'd put on. 

First lets make sure that most reading this get the general "standard" football formation on offense and defense, set up across from each other here (from womensfootballguide.files.wordpress.com): 

Did a little research... we can actually put some pretty reasonable data to this. Take a look at http://www.advancednflstats.com/2009/12/expected-point-values.html to see what expected points are. Then I opened the table he links there (http://spreadsheets.google.com/ccc?key=0AhEXxf9odCnMdHJJd3lkUDVsX25BbUdsY2FmOUM1T3c&hl=en). 

Now, all this isn't to say the matchup is always great. Indeed, just because it can lead to more injuries doesn't mean a team won't play such a formation! And, as noted, linebackers really tend to be built a bit more towards dealing with the bigger guys inside and making lots of tackles. Just a bit of a speed edge might be enough for the slot guy to reap great rewards. Plus, the linebackers also must often help cover the tight end and running backs coming out on passing routes as well, plus contain mobile quarterbacks. 

The troubles often really are more indicative of the overall team skill as well. If you have cornerbacks that can be relied upon to hold single coverage with the main wide receivers, then your safeties can play up more. Or if your defensive linemen can really occupy the offensive line, you can drop more linebackers into coverage, giving less room for the extra receivers. But if those guys are struggling, more attention needs to be paid in those other areas. 

Linemen are usually too big and slow to be much help on a receiver. 

Looks like 2nd and 10 from the O30 is 2.73 expected points... 1st and 15 from the O25 is 2.66 expected points. Looks like the result is the same from most positions on the field (0.05 points worse if you put them to 1st and 15 after a touchback, or 0.06 points worse if you chose 2nd and goal from the 10 over 1st and goal from the 15). 

Pulling one of the cornerbacks in to cover the slot receiver leaves a big question mark of how to cover the receiver he is leaving. It is unlikely anyone else on the team can match up with that receiver one-on-one. 

Who knows! But the defense was most likely making changes they thought would help contain the slot receiver, they just weren't working. But indeed, mismatches often do seem like one of those things commentators like to obsessively harp on... even though they often really don't know the complexity behind them! These coaches certainly weren't born yesterday, they've probably been facing slot receivers for decades! It just didn't work out that the coaches choices or the personnel they used were as sharp as they have been on other days, and they came up against a coach/team/player that really showed it up! 

So, what is the best way to respond if the offense elects to go to a 3 wide receiver set (replacing the fullback with a third receiver, usually lined up in the slot [somewhere inward from one of the other two wide receivers])? 

So usually a linebacker will at least line up fairly with a slot receiver. Whereas diverting a cornerback (or safety) to cover him usually risks big play touchdowns. 

Usually the matchup doesn't work out to be too bad. Because unlike the two standard receiver positions... the weak-side receiver (which generally has little focus on strength, since most runs are to the other side [where the tight end is] means this receiver rarely has to get involved in blocking)... and the flanking receiver (who usually has a lot of reliance put on size, working to give him dominance even in the tightest coverage by his single defender), the slot receiver is usually built to be pretty tough and physical. This is so that he can take the punishment he'll often get, since he generally attempts to catch balls in the intermediate region between the line and secondary... meaning many guys will often be nearby to quickly unload big hits as soon as he catches the ball. If somebody too light and athletic plays the slot, the general thinking is be quite prone to injury. And also may struggle to keep possession after the catch without the strength to face the hits and hold onto the ball. 

Now, as you hint at, the best response often actually ends up being switching out one (nickle) or two (dime) of the linebackers for more of those faster secondary players. If you have the preparedness and players to make those switches. 

But this may expose other problems as well. 

With some insight from this Dummies.com article, each positions is quite adapted to play certain roles: