Endurance fit Most do not want to ride at max effort everywhere. For an endurance fit (i.e., everyday riding), you want to be more upright and a larger frame. You are generating less pedalling force so you will not be able to support your upper body with your pedal force if you are leaned too far forward. A larger frame makes it easier to get your upper body in a more upright position (the stack will be taller so you have vertical height to work with) If you are more upright your reach will often length so the slightly longer reach of a larger frame will also work well here. A lot of causal riders appear to prefer SPD's, which is a great place to start, but I here is the argument for SPD-SL like systems. Which I personally prefer and even on dirty muddy roads. My best advice would be to shop around. If your area has a lot of clubs, do a trial ride with each club to see which one jives with you best. Some are competitive, some are recreational, some do both. Some people in the clubs are amazingly friendly and kind, some others are less so. Also make sure to try and shelve some of your prejudices about "competitive cyclists". Sure some spend too much money on bikes (the bike industry really pushed that hard), but there are many who are quite sensible and still very fast. 

Riding in a "fast" group Because you explicitly asked about getting dropped I will assume you are looking at joining one of the faster club rides that may have a drop policy. In this case your pack riding skills will be just as important as your base fitness. If you feel comfortable in a group you should have no problem holding tight to a wheel, where you can will get a good draft and will be able to sustain higher speeds. Riders that feel less comfortable will often allow big gaps to form or ride off the back to feel "safer." This will require a lot more energy for a given speed. You will also be able to read the pack, and keep a good drafting position as the group surges. If you get taken by surprised in surges you can find yourself dropped quickly.