On the other hand, on the whole, Islam suggests the Moslems to use right hand as much as possible, a reason can be related to “Ashab-al-Yamin” as the right path. Since apparently the righteous was is considered as the right side, not left. Moreover, I have heard that the Prophet (s) and Shia’s Imam always used to eat by their right hand (unless in some specific situation which had to …) 

From the aspect of scientific, as much as I've perceived of Islam, Islam presents a general formula that doing everything whose negative effects (harms) are high/remarkable, it can be considered as a haram issue/act. So, in the issue of pregnancy in 13/14-year-old, I personally concluded that it can be related to the physical condition of the girl, for instance if there is a girl whose body is really weak and ..., and a -trusted- doctor(s) considers the pregnancy as really a dangerous action for her (due to her high-risk status of body), then it can be haram for her (and presumably for her husband is aware of the issue). But, in general Islam allows that after puberty. 

As @Bleeding Fingers correctly mentioned, this is a bit complex and actually this depends upon the individual's belief and perception concerning its damages. 

On the other hand, these kinds of the rituals will be related to tranquility and condolence for the family of the dead. But we should not do it as a Bid’ah (as if is the order of Islam). 

Imam Sadiq (a.s.) responded the question which asked about the mentioned matter that: 

As a general Islamic rule (www.Islamquest.net) all kinds of drinks which are considered as intoxicant drink, are haram. 

Source: www.islamquest.net (in English) 

By paying heed to the above-mentioned items, it seems that you’d better leave doing that. Since it can have negative effect you unwanted. And even it can be considered as a confirmation of them (if you attend there or other similar places such as temple…) and these points could be the same for getting sweet for them as well. Besides, you are not aware if that eatable thing would be definitely halal as you get it from a non-Muslim person. Therefore we ought to behave somehow not to confirm them or their acts as non-Muslim. 

Of course you ought to pay attention that some software programs have the ability to share them (for instance) for four systems that you can share that... Therefore at the mentioned issue it wouldn't be considered as an unlawful act to use it according to its limitation definitions (that how many system you can share it), otherwise if you try to do it more than its law definition, therefore it couldn't be permissible. 

Shaykh ‘Abd-Allaah ibn Jibreen was asked what if the commercial insurance is compulsory and cannot be avoided. 

Narrated by Abu Hurayrah (may Allaah be pleased with him): 

This rule therefore applies to the Jews and the Christians about whom we don’t know whether or not they have mentioned Allah’s name or not because their slaughtered meat is halal [permissible] to us. 

Note: This is only for commercial insurance 

In fact, Allah the Exalted affirms this in Qur'an. 

As far as the methodology of the slaughtering we do not inquire about the method because if an action has occurred min ahlihi [at the hands of those suited to perform such an act] the conditions surrounding that act are not asked about. 

Al-Gharar is something that involves uncertainty, risk or speculation. 

This is a fiqh question and what I am posting is the opinion of Imaam Ibn Uthaymeen (May Allah have mercy on him). 

Allah also says in the same chapter: “Today I have made permissible for you that which is good and wholesome and the food of those who were sent the Scripture is permissible to you and your food is permissible to them.” 

Moreover, the Prophet (peace be upon him) forbade Gharar sale [Muslim, Book on transactions, No. 1513]. 

All types of insurance are Haram (prohibited). They involve Jahalah (sale with lack of knowledge), Gharar (fraudulent transaction where details about the sold item are unknown or uncertain) - both of them are not pardoned - gambling, unjustly taking people's money, and Riba (usury/interest). There are many legal proofs that all these transactions are forbidden. Allah (Exalted be He) says: 

In Islam (Sunni Point of view), eating the meat of Ahl Al-Kitaab (Jews and Christians) is permissible (Halal). However, whoever leaves it out of piety, there is no blame upon him.