Both candidates have stated that the 5% threshold makes it easier for the party to get ballot access in the next election in various states. If you combined America's richest and poorest counties and overlay the two, you have a fair representation of the concentration of Democratic voters. The top 20 richest and top 20 poorest counties overwhelmingly represent the totality of the Democratic vote. In a real sense Democratic elected representatives are no longer much elected by the Middle Class in the United States. It's widely reported that the 1960 election was stolen by Democrats in favor of JFK. I don't know that it's widely disputed much anymore. Could such a hack explain, for example, low voter turnout in Milwaukee? There has been no credible evidence of a hack as of Dec 1, 2016 presented in a mainstream publication. Ticket splitting was a phenomena this year among Trump and more traditional GOP members. While the supporting groups on occasion overlapped, there were some real differences. Where those differences were more pronounced, near large metropolitan suburbs and struggling traditional Democratic enclaves, the differences produced the margin of victory for some down ballot GOP candidates that Trump could not duplicate. This choice is made by the incoming Senate, but before the outgoing Vice President has left office. Presuming that A) The election is inconclusive and gets sent to Congress to resolve, and B) the incoming Senate is split 50-50 between parties (or at least votes that way), does the outgoing VP get to break the tie? There would be little point in both supporting and opposing the same candidate, but nothing stops a single-issue SuperPAC from supporting anyone who espouses their views and opposing their opponents, regardless of affiliation. The Twelfth Amendment specifies: Additionally, this article summarizes it: In other words, in the 2008 election, a lot of districts which would normally have elected a Republican elected a Democrat instead, likely because of Obama on the ticket. In 2010, when those outliers reverted to their natural partisanship, the out-of-place Congressman they elected lost his or her seat despite being the incumbent. Additionally, the increased partisanship atmosphere led to long-standing Congressmen in opposed districts (a Democrat in a generally Republican district, or vice versa) losing some of the advantage from being an incumbent, letting their district revert to it's "natural" leaning. In other words, it's perfectly legal for the board to have everyone who isn't officially associated with a candidate sit on one side of the room watching people on the other side of the room count. Only the candidate and their representatives have any right to actually be close enough to see the ballots (and even then they can't touch). In other words, just show up at your chosen party's caucus location between 6:30 (start of registration, where you'd sign the above document and get counted) and 7 (start of caucus, where the actual decision making happens) and you should be fine. The board of canvassers shall exercise reasonable control over the conduct of the recount to assure that the canvassers and tabulators do not experience interference from any person observing the recount. All persons who are not under the supervision of the board of canvassers are considered observers and are subject to the observer rules established by the Wisconsin Elections Commission and the board of canvassers. All observers shall wear badges or nametags identifying themselves and their role (candidate, media, etc.) More on-topic, Wiki page lists 39 current US senators and 10 ex-senators; 183 current House members and 23 former. Politicians make mistakes in their policies, which either don't work, or don't work as expected. Therefore, you really only have 17 days before Inauguration and start of Congressional Session - not THAT long of a time. Separately, the role is called "Chief Executive" (and Presidential branch of power "Executive" power) for a good reason. The job of a President is far more akin to that of a corporate CEO than that of an elected legislator. Witness 2000, where the important story wasn't the hanging chads, but the divergence between popular and electoral votes. Second, age 18 is no guarantee of lacking political experience. While she clearly was a subpar campaigner (by her own admission, scared of public speaking), she obviously observed how things are done via her father's campaigns. What are your preferences (to use computer science terminology, the complexity of assigning realistic utility/payoff function to each result in real life is staggering-to-impossible). Absent option #1 succeeding, we are in a constitutional crisis which would have to be decided on by SCOTUS. I'm not a lawyer and don't even play one on Internet, so I have no idea which side SCOTUS would take, but I see two main possible options there: But, the questioner explicitly asked about BOTH military and political experience!