Narrated Abu-Huraira: Gabriel used to repeat the recitation of the Qur'an with the Prophet (ﷺ) once a year, but he repeated it twice with him in the year he died. The Prophet (ﷺ) used to stay in I'tikaf for ten days every year (in the month of Ramadan), but in the year of his death, he stayed in I`tikaf for twenty days. 

Narrated 'Umar bin Al-Khattab: Once a Jew said to me, "O the chief of believers! There is a verse in your Holy Book Which is read by all of you (Muslims), and had it been revealed to us, we would have taken that day (on which it was revealed as a day of celebration." 'Umar bin Al-Khattab asked, "Which is that verse?" The Jew replied, "This day I have perfected your religion For you, completed My favor upon you, And have chosen for you Islam as your religion." (5:3) 'Umar replied,"No doubt, we know when and where this verse was revealed to the Prophet. It was Friday and the Prophet (ﷺ) was standing at 'Arafat (i.e. the Day of Hajj)" Edit #2: I am not interested in Qur'anic allusions or implicit references. If Islam's holy writings are explicit about Muhammad's family matters and personal hygiene, I am wondering why the issue of succession was addressed only by allusions and implicit references, not whether the allusions and implicit references are considered valid as a means of choosing Muhammad's successor. 

The biographies of Muhammad that I am reading talk only generally about it being problematic to be an orphan. They mention very few specifics. There seems to have been a stigma about orphans, but the biographies are not clear on the nature of the stigma, what people actually thought about orphans that was stigmatic. Also, there is some talk of his uncle Abu Talib being unable to divide his sons' inheritance with Muhammad. But I don't see how that would matter: in the mercantile environment of Mecca, couldn't an enterprising young man like Muhammad have built up his own fortune with the caravans? 

There is more, but nothing about asking Bilal to tread on his other cheek. In fact, Bilal is not specifically mentioned, but this Encyclopedia is mostly about the Prophet's statements, so it makes sense it would not mention Abu Dharr's act of contrition in particular. And again, Juynboll does say there are variants. 

What exactly were the problems that made life hard for orphans in general, and the orphan Muhammad in particular, in Mecca? 

According to Juynboll's Encyclopedia of Canonical Hadith, on the authority of al-Ma'rur b. Suwayd, the mu'ammar: In the Qur'an, Muhammad frequently admonishes guardians not to misuse the inheritance of orphans, but he himself had no inheritance that could have been misused (or very little -- one account says his father was able to leave him a couple of camels and a slave girl). Also it seems very unlikely that Abu Talib would have misused any inheritance belonging to Muhammad. So I'm guessing that his stress on managing orphans' inheritance properly had more to do with seeing other orphans being cheated rather than himself. Edit: I am not interested in which sect is "correct", or whose view is "stronger", or which POV is more "viable". I am interested in Muhammad's reasons for not being explicit. Here's why I can't accept any claims that he was indeed explicit: the Qur'an addresses Muhammad's family problems (the scandal over Aisha in the desert), and the proper formality to be observed when interacting with Muhammad. Although I have not read the Hadith, I have heard that they even go so far as to address issues of personal hygiene. I am shocked that while these issues are enshrined in Islam's holy writings, there is not a single word about succession therein. I am very curious about the reasons for this rather glaring omission. Or have they other deities who have ordained for them a religion to which Allah has not consented? But if not for the decisive word, it would have been concluded between them. And indeed, the wrongdoers will have a painful punishment. Finally, the rulings related to adulterers evolved over the life of the Prophet ﷺ. Initially, women were not stoned but confined to their houses until death (see Surah An-Nisa 4:15), which was later abrogated as per the hadiths above. You may hear other views that the hadiths related to stoning of married adulterers were prior to the revelation of the verses in Surat Al-Nur. These hadiths in Sahih al-Bukhari » Limits and Punishments set by Allah » Hadiths 6815 and 6816, which refer to the stoning of an adulterer, were narrated by Abu Huraira as an event that he witnessed. Abu Huraira embraced Islam in 7 AH, whereas Surat Al-Nur was revealed 2-3 years before. Stoning of married adulterers took place by the Prophet ﷺ after the revelation of the verses you quoted. 

The hadith you mentioned was referenced in several hadiths' books, and it is authentic (sahih). Using Sunnan Ibn Majah 5/1448: 

Note that the above verse was not the last verse revealed. Most scholars say Surat Al-Baqarah 2:281 was revealed after it as the last verse to be revealed in the Qur'an. Messenger of Allah said, “A strong believer is better and dearer to Allah than a weak one, and both are good. Adhere to that which is beneficial for you. Keep asking Allah for help and do not refrain from it. If you are afflicted in any way, do not say: ‘If I had taken this or that step, it would have resulted into such and such,’ but say only: ‘Allah so determined and did as He willed.’ The word ‘if’ opens the gates of satanic thoughts”. The worst of things are those that are newly invented; every newly-invented thing is an innovation and every innovation is going astray, and every going astray is in the Fire.