These notions are applied to natural language semantics exactly in the way you described. Consider: The Empty Set Axiom allows us to conclude that there is an empty set. Suppose there are two empty sets A and B. Vacuously, every member of A is a member of B (since A has no members), and vice versa. Therefore by the Axiom of Extensionality it follows that A and B are the same set. These facts (of the existence and the uniqueness of the empty set) allow us to denote it by the familiar symbol '∅'. You explain that in (3), 'Socrates' is an object (type: ⟨e⟩), 'philosopher' is a concept (type: ⟨e,t⟩), and there is a copula 'is' linking the two. That seems right. I'd add that 'a' in (3) is semantically vacuous, and that 'is' is an identity function from concepts to concepts (from ⟨e,t⟩s to ⟨e,t⟩s), so (3)'s structure is: 

Since sets are distinguished by their contents, any two empty sets will be indistinguishable because neither can contain anything that the other doesn't. In the baskets example, since the two empty baskets have different locations we want to say that they are two distinct empty baskets. But since sets are not located in space-time, to the set theorist, the two baskets are identical because she cannot, in the language of set theory, say something true about one that's false about the other. This talk of 'closure under uniform substitution' is a cannon for shooting birds, so we want to simplify things. The natural way of doing it, as Teller suggests, is to use boldface letters (we'll use Greek instead) to denote metavariables that stand for arbitrary expressions in Lo. For example, we could reformulate (3) in a way that the condition about closure is no longer needed as follows: 

Unfortunately, the semantics leaves the most interesting — and difficult — philosophical questions largely unanswered [emphasis added]. is quite useless; "cannot be" means "impossible". Thus, necessity is simply the negation of the possibility of the negation, which is quite "standard" in modal logic, but only moves the problem one step back. 

It is enough to consider a truth assignment v such that: 

The "underlying" f-o logic is complete (first sense) : i.e. it is able to prove all logical consequences of the axioms of the theory T. 

But not all valid formulae of predicate logic are "substitution instances" of tautology; the formula ∀x(x=x) is valid but we can get it by uniform substitution only from the propositional logic formula P, that is not a tautology. 

Wiki's entry deduces it from Disjunctive syllogism: Side comment : the proof is intuitionistically valid. We can read it as : if we assume the Law of Excluded Middle, then the conclusion follows. The second observation regards the fallacious analysis of 

For simplicity, we will consider the case when Γ is the emptyset; in this case we have the previous version : But the theory T is incomplete (according to Gödel's incompleteness theorem), i.e. there is a true arithmetical sentence φ not provable from the axioms of T. 

                                                                     References 

Corcoran, J. (1973) "A Mathematical Model of Aristotle’s Syllogistic", AGPH 55:2. Łukasiewicz, J. (1951) Aristotle's Syllogistic: From the Standpoint of Modern Formal Logic, 2nd Edition. Smith, R. (2004) "Aristotle's Logic", SEP, Spring, Zalta, E.N. (ed.). Vlasits, J. (forthcoming) "Divisional Semantics for Aristotle's Assertoric Syllogistic", Aug. 22, 2012. Those unfamiliar with the strange notation shouldn't get uncomfortable, because once I present the interpretation of 'a', 'o' (and there are also 'e' and 'i' relations), Bocardo will obtain an intuitive meaning: 

The question is a bit confusing, so let me separate the two issues that are being discussed. These notions are applied to natural language semantics exactly in the way you described. Consider: This tells us that the object language we're working with has the following sort of primitive expressions: "p", "p′", "p′′", "p′′′", etc., as well as compound expressions formed by logically connecting the primitive expressions, e.g.: "p ∧ p′", "¬p′′′", "(p ∧ p′′)", and so on. Now suppose that we want to introduce a helpful connective such as "∨" (inclusive disjunction) into our discussion. I didn't make the alphabet explicit, but Lo does not include the symbol '∨' among its symbols, so we are denied the option of simply positing the following equivalence for all substitutions of 'p', 'p′': Going back to decidability, why a complete theory is so ? [Note. If we consider the two formulae above, and we consider their meaning regarding the single arithmetical interpretation, now we have that one of them is true and the other is false. Due to the fact that there are infinite natural numbers (and so, more than one), we have that the formula : ∃x∃y ¬(x = y) is true in the arithmetical interpretation (consider e.g. 1 and 2), while its denial ∀x∀y (x = y) is obviously false (not all numbers are equal)]. 

Let assume some "technical" facts regarding Gödel's Incompleteness Theorems : 

But nothing is said about the converse : we cannot have clouds without rain. 

Particularly relevant are the comments Gödel gave one of the prestigious Gibbs Lectures at the American Mathematical Society in 1951. 

The second observation regards the fallacious analysis of 

This (negative) result concerns another aspect of intuitive "completeness" (in the sense of adequacy) : for a mathematical theory, like arithmetic or set theory, it is a reasonable expectation that the axioms (formalized with first-order logic) are able to "capture" all the mathematical truth expressible in that theory. 

And also a contradiction is "defined" as a logical impossibility. Compare with possibly and necessary : 

For detailed discussions of the so-called Lucas-Penrose arguments, see : 

In other words, either the mind actually has a non-algorithmic and not fully “mechanizable” nature, or else there exist absolutely undecidable mathematical problems. But [Gödel's Theorems] don’t allow us to go further and conclude that the true disjunct is the first one. According to Gödel, then, what follows from [them], and especially from [the Second one], is that if our mind is a computing machine, it is one such that it “is unable to understand completely its own functioning.”