"Grounding" is an ostensibly stronger relation, which still falls short of a reduction. Since attempts to express it in terms of supervenience were unsuccessful Fine, Rosen and Schaffer recently proposed to treat it as a primitive instead. What "grounding" is supposed to express is that some states/processes "happen in virtue of" or "metaphysically depend on" others, and therefore are not "over and above" those others, which metaphysically "constitute" them. In application, grounding is supposed to complement statistical correlation and causal dependence as a mode of scientific explanation. Emergence is traditionally the opposite of reduction, higher level processes irreducible to lower level ones are called "emergent", grounding is consistent with epistemic emergence, emergence to us, true metaphysical emergence is excluded. 

You may be referring to the motto extracted from Spinoza: Omnis determinatio est negatio, every determination is negation. As applied to knowledge, it means that we know something by knowing what it is not, what it differs from. Spinoza's wording is not as succinct:"...he who says that he apprehends a figure, thereby means to indicate simply this, that he apprehends a determinate thing and the manner of its determination. This determination therefore does not pertain to the thing in regard to its being; on the contrary, it is its non-being. So since figure is nothing but determination, and determination is negation, figure can be nothing other than negation." 

For all Kant lets on about "things in themselves", for example, it is unclear if we should even refer to "them" in the plural, "they" might as well be the Parmenides's One. Quine writes in Theories and Things: 

An alternative is the French linguist Saussure's view that "in language there are only differences without positive terms... The entire mechanism of language, with which we shall be concerned later, is based on oppositions of this kind (e.g. between the word ‘father’ and ‘mother’) and on the phonic and conceptual differences that they imply". In other words, there is no intrinsic meaning to a concept as such, meaning is difference, concepts show themselves only in their differences from other concepts, "most precise characteristic is to be what the others are not". Derrida, an influential French continental philosopher, extended Saussure's view from language to philosophy, and came up with a neologism "différance", which fuses "difference" and "deferral". The word alludes to the indefinite deferral of "meaning beyond language", when meanings of words are invariably explained in terms of other words. "There is nothing outside the text", concludes Derrida, only the différance. 

Norton himself looks for solution by localizing induction schemas to specific material domains, where they are licensed by "material facts". This resolves the universality vs functioning dilemma in favor of functioning, but he himself admits that it still creates a regress of "material facts" with unclear prospects of termination. It looks like the problem of induction will remain with us for the foreseeable future. 

Cassirer's Substance and Function And Einstein's Theory of Relativity (1910/21) was one of the first assimilations of relativity by a major philosopher. Based on it, Cassirer rejected Kant's characterization of space and time as forms of pure sensibility, and described them instead as initial forms of conceptualization by understanding, which can be refined by advancing science into more elaborate forms, such as Einstein's spacetime. Reichenbach in Theory of Relativity and A Priori Knowledge (1920) takes the logical structure of general relativity as a logical blueprint for general empirical theories. He distinguishes "axioms of connection", laws connecting experimentally accessible empirical concepts, and "axioms of coordination", non-empirical principles required to make concepts empirically meaningful in the first place. Without the axioms of coordination, such as the constancy of the speed of light, and the equivalence principle in relativity, the concepts like inertial frames or energy have no empirical meaning, i.e. spacetime and the metric tensor are presupposed a priori. 

But with philosophical discourse we are insulated from pragmatic pressures and urgency to act, and have the luxury to dabble in metaphysical musings at leisure, for their own sake, while paying attention to evidence, logic, presuppositions, and other such niceties. Then it turns out that the goalposts between which the practical mind moves with ease of habit have no solid ground connecting them, and there is no tribunal of pragmatic purpose to judge the right from the wrong by efficiency of suggested actions. Realism is hard to defend by these refined standards because these are not the standards that it has evolved to meet. 

But Peirce also rejected Kant's identification of things in themselves with noumena. Pihlström in Peircean Scholastic Realism and Transcendental Arguments argues that Peirce can be understood as naturalizing and pragmatizing Kantian transcendental arguments, and his noumena are projections of "pure reason" downgraded to fallible human knowledge. Due to Kantian scruples Peirce can not adopt a metaphysical realism with already conceptualized world "grasped" by the mind (he rejects what is now called the myth of the Given). On the other hand, he wants a robust notion of truth answerable to independent and demystified reality. The result is a dual picture of reality, first as non-conceptual and encountered through action and reaction (pragmatism), and second as conceptualized through such encounters but only "at the end of inquiry". The inquiry may involve multiple human generations, and potentially even non-human beings, and may never be achieved in actuality, Peirce defends reality of possibilia. The truth is identified with this "final opinion", hence it is not a correspondent truth in any traditional sense. And it is this final opinion that hosts the noumena: 

One (Searle) might object that even if we take out the belief part, the justification part still requires "intentionality" and "understanding" to make knowledge. And only a mind can provide that. The authors of systems reply to Searle's Chinese room (Minsky, Cole) respond, however, that whatever machines have is mind enough. Cole explicitly writes about "a vast "background" of commonsense knowledge encoded in the program and the filing cabinets". Searle denies that "encoding" is possible, or that the "virtual mind" qualifies as a mind.