On the other hand, whether an EFTA country becomes a full EEA member or tries to achieve the same thing through bilateral agreements (the Swiss model), access to the single market depends on the free movement of persons. To date, there has never been any exception to that because it's extremely difficult to see how it would work without unraveling the whole construction, especially with a country as big as the UK. Freedom of movement (for goods, services, capital and workers) is what the single market is about since the beginning, not a side project or a mere legal requirement. 

But freedom of movement for workers is much more than that. For an employer, it's the guarantee they can hire any EU citizen without any special paperwork, delay or concern about being bitten by some rule or quota. For a (prospective) employee, it's the certainty that they can take a job in another EU country without giving up anything (that's actually still a work in progress in areas like pensions but that's the idea). You don't need to give your notice before you know whether you visa will come through and you can always come back to the country you left at some point in the future if you want to. 

You could simply turn the question and ask why not? The queen could have simply inherited the throne because she was the daughter of the previous king (and so on through various inheritances, succession wars, etc.). Implicit in your question however is the fact that male kings have been the rule in Europe for many centuries and understanding why also explains how it's possible to have queens as well. 

That's why beyond all considerations regarding fairness, unemployment, poverty, etc. recent austerity programmes in Europe even fail at what is ostensibly their main objective, namely reducing the weight of the debt (relative to the GDP). The only thing austerity achieves (and perhaps that's the objective) is to permanently reduce the size of the state. That's true both in the euro area (which has specific structural problems) and in countries like the UK or Sweden (which don't face the same constraints but have adopted austerity policies nonetheless). 

But there is a limit to the weight of such legal considerations in this context. If it becomes expedient, it would be reasonably easy to find a way around such a requirement. Conversely, accepting a new member to the EEA requires an enlargement agreement ratified by all current EU and EEA members (thus giving them some leverage to insist on arbitrary new requirements). Basically, this will be handled at the political level. 

More generally, it's a fact of life that a large country like the UK needs a system that can process tens of thousands of asylum applications a year (France or Germany get two or three times as many as the UK, without counting the current wave of people coming to Germany) and be robust to some number of ludicrous applications and other freak cases. And that does cost something, obviously as do the many applications from people who are genuinely in distress. 

Once funding for my position was approved, I was able to start within a month or two. For him the process took something like 9 months. That's time lost for everybody. Whatever other benefits we might hope to get from it, controlling or creating restrictions on free movement (whether for persons or for other things) first means adding a lot of bureaucracy and raw inefficiencies. 

Regarding the last two points, working for a German company might make a difference, not mainly because Germany would be in the EU while the UK would not but simply because it would have to reevaluate its international strategy. Small and middle-size UK businesses might lose a bit through increased costs and bureaucracy for exports. A few of them might even seriously suffer because things like bidding on contracts abroad becomes more difficult. But they are not going anywhere.