I currently have no gold (just went shopping in the auction house... bought me some fancy and expensive weapon), but want to remove a gem from an item since I want to use it in another item. There's something I have to add about Shoulders, belts, gloves, and boots: Even though there seem to be no belts with sockets, it is theoretically still possible that belts can have sockets, and simply nobody has found one yet. I come to this conclusion from a simple fact: Shoulders, gloves, and boots have no search option for "has sockets" in the auction house, indicating that it is indeed not possible for them to have one. Belts, however, do have this search option. It is entirely possible that Blizzard just left it in by accident, though. However, throughout Act IV you might want to keep some gear with more Vitality that you find, since Act I in Nightmare will be a big change. For me, I had around 4k life I think, and champion packs killed me in a matter of seconds. We expect salvaging to be compelling enough to remove a good percentage of the most valuable items from the economy. High end components obtained from salvaging high end items are needed for high end crafting and enhancement. I'm still at the beginning of Hell, but from the few Champion packs that I have seen, I think that what most people on forums write might become true very quickly: Playing a DPS-focused Barbarian in Hell is very hard, and impossible in Inferno. When you get to Inferno, simple "white" mobs will hit you for 30-40k. This means that you have to have a lot of HP to survive for enough time to make a difference. This usually means that you have to favor Vitality over Strength wherever you can, and you also pretty much have to use a Shield + 1H weapon, since the lost survivability with a two-hander or two one-handers is usually not bearable. However, I can not give exact numbers on what HP-numbers you need to reach in the various Inferno acts, since my experience in that difficulty are just theoretical (reading in forums) for now. Are the stats shown taking both one-handers into account, or just the displayed one? Notice that there's no option to compare with the off-hand using the alt-key, here. You can have 10 characters per server. In addition, they can be any mix of hardcore and non-hardcore characters. I'm assuming 10 was chosen so that you can theoretically have 5 non-hardcore characters and 5 hardcore characters. You'll be able to show off your achievements with a battle standard, a banner visible to all players on Battle.net that will be a visual representation of your accomplishments in Diablo III. And you should expect even more ‘endgame' additions to come - ones that'll let you pursue unique goals and achieve more glory in the world of Sanctuary than ever before. I've taken half an hour just looking through the auction house, and I have taken my own experience and various forum posts into account, and these are my findings: The thing with gems is that there are a lot of different quality levels with them this time around. As far as I'm aware, there are 17 of them. If you spend a noticeable amount of time in one area just to grind for gems, you're most likely just wasting you're time, because the same time spent on advancing in the game will get you more higher quality gems earlier on. e.g. at the beginning of nightmare difficulty, monsters still drop mostly flawless or normal gems. At the beginning of Act II already, they're dropping mostly perfect gems and if you're lucky, radiant gems. This means that farming for gems is mostly a waste of time. I quickly tested it, and it's pretty simple: Another interesting fact about items and sockets: Items have a fixed amount of random properties (this can differ, even for same rarity and body placement). When an item is dropped, or identified, the contents of these properties are randomly rolled out. Sockets, no matter how many there are in the item slot, take up exactly one of these random properties. E.g., they could've allowed for Diablo-style skill-switching and just raised the cooldown of newly set abilities that you have to wait for when you want to use them, in order to counterbalance the fact that players are able to switch skills more quickly. However, if the shrines are of the same type, the second shrine effect will simply overwrite the first one and refresh the time left for the buff to the maximum. The "Soul Harvest" ability harvests the souls of up to five surrounding enemies, upping your intelligence by 28 (at the base level) for each. This means that right now, I can quadruple my intellgence for 30 seconds by using that skill.