What I was wondering was can you actually cast a line out into lava? Would the lure stay out in the lava like it does in water? Or would it just burn? What happens? 

UPDATE: In later versions[Version needed] of the game, some villagers (primarily browncoats) will not have any trades at all. Right-clicking will not open any UI to trade. The only purpose for these villagers is farming. 

Enchantments are completely random. There is no way to guarantee which enchantment you will get. 

You swear A message appears in the chat log describing how you died A "You died" screen appears, with the options to quit or respawn, and a "Score". What contributes to this score? Even if your dwelling is completely safe from things getting in, without a suitable light level, there's nothing stopping the mobs spawning inside with you. For example, if I wanted to tilt the head forward by 20 degrees, I would use the command You can figure out which mobs spawn at what light levels, and how much light some blocks emit. You might also need to consider the light radius as well, as while some blocks can emit enough light, it will fade over distance. Therefore one torch in the middle of a 64x64 block house isn't going to work... Additionally, using a dye on the sheep itself will permanently change the colour of the sheep's wool. If you don't want to waste enchantments on equipment, I would suggest trying to enchant books instead. This is slightly more resource intensive, but that way, later you can combine books in an anvil to get stronger enchantments, and even apply a specific set of enchantments of your choosing to the equipment you want to enchant. 

You can open the player inventory and you will find a button in the bottom right-hand corner that alternates the mode of the NEI, and you want "Recipe Mode" the others are "Cheat Mode" and "Usage Mode". 

I was wondering if thrown eggs deal any damage at all, because I remember you had to watch out when throwing eggs into a chicken coop, as you might accidentally kill one of the chickens. However now, I just tested this and it doesn't seem to do any damage, even though it does do the "hit" animation (they jump and flash red). I was wondering, what are the chances of a Zombie Testificate to spawn naturally in Minecraft, and when do they spawn? I have most often found they tend to spawn near dawn (which is frustrating attempting to kite them around if I want to try and capture them). 

Alternately while hovering over the item you want you can press either "R" to show the recipe or "U" to show the usage. Firstly, F3 is the default to bring up the debug screen. You can change this by opening the pause menu, then choose "Options", then "Controls". In this list look for the "Debug Screen" option, and it will show you what it is currently set to. When you die, 3 things happen. 

It does not cause any damage to the rod at all, while casting onto dry land, or any other mob or entity will cause damage to the rod. I attempted to find something about it, but everything is purely about what might happen if you use a fishing rod to drag mobs through water or lava. There is nothing about actually casting the line into a pool of lava. [Edited Clarification]: As an example, if I created a sword with the "Sharpness" enchantment at level 1, and for every level I increased the enchantment, would it become more powerful for every level I increased it, or would it stop at a certain level? 

P.S. I know I could test this on myself, but I don't have access to any other players at the moment, and my redstone skills a dismal at best, so setting up a jig to test it on myself is unlikely Actually, as Johonn and Finn Rayment suggested in the comments above, lava does not interact properly with the fishing rod. It does not burn the lure, and it just (appears) to sink to the bottom of the lava pool, unlike when fishing in water, it will float.