The Mongols could loot at will, but were constantly under attack. The Hungarians refused to give them a decisive battle, until the invaders were weakened and depleted and in conditions favorable to the defenders, who were wise to Mongolian battle tactics thanks to the influence of the Cumans. A good point of departure is the wiki page on the Rashidun Army, which gives an overview of early Islamic infantry and cavalry. Also, the Military Legacy section of the Khalid ibn al-Walid wiki entry has some great info on the organization and makeup of his armies. 3) Some of the Europeans adapted faster than others against their Mongolian opponents. The Georgians almost beat them, the Croatians and then the Serbians did beat them (tho not decisively, and Serbia did acknowledge suzerainty of the Mongols to stop them from coming back) - Bela IV of Hungary, and his grandson, Ladislaus IV, took what worked, and built a successful strategy to repel the Golden Horde when they returned. 2) Hungary is the end of the great Eurasian steppe - the "sea of grass" - that sustained Mongolian logistical supremacy. They were successful in the short term in pursuing conquests beyond this area - usually due to Chinese and Islamic engineering, the co-option of which was a significant factor in their success - but the setbacks they did encounter occurred away from the steppe, where reinforcements by the tens of thousands could be summoned in devastatingly short order. The Viet and Champa in their thick jungle, the Majapitt and their thalassocracy, the Mamluks in the desert hills - all of them counted geography as major allies. So it was with the Europeans who were even a little successful against the Mongols. Bear in mind that the "attack column" wasn't like a marching column or even an infantry square. The peleton, which translates as "platoon" or "rank", was either 80 men wide and 9 deep, or 40 men wide and 18 deep, and was the base unit of maneuver. So look at it more as successive waves of dense line formations. Once they're through the opposing line, peletons can wheel right or left to deliver flanking fire. Napoleon loved forward momentum - and he got it with the heavy column. The formation forced his infantry forward, the front ranks constantly pushed to the fore by the ranks behind them, and made opponents break formation to get the hell out of the way. This worked, because Napoleon was an artilleryman - he would disrupt opposing line formations with artillery barrage and cavalry, and once an infantry column broke through, it was all but over for the opposing forces. Napoleon's genius was knowing the soft spot to send his columns towards, and how to best support the attack. Wellington went with a much thinner line, and relied on carefully chosen terrain, cavalry and counter-artillery to disrupt French artillery support. Retreat and redeploy was a common British tactic, changing the shape of the line, bending but never breaking. The British are never shown as retreating in historical fiction because they're supposed to be the "Good Guys" in most english-language media - nevertheless C.S. Forrester had a fantastic depiction of a typical British retreat, organized and in good order while under heavy fire, in his Hornblower series. (Marines rather than infantry, but you get a good idea how this was drilled and practiced.) The other trick was to break French discipline with a two-volleys-and-bayonet-charge drill which caused the front of the attack column to break ranks, to rush to engage the enemy, which left them helpless to respond to flanking fire and too disorganized to take advantage of their break-through or allow the rest of the column to engage. A scorched-earth strategy, denying the invading armies of provender and supply. 1) The death of Ögedei Khan forced the hordes rampaging through Europe under Subutai to break off and return for the Kuraltai to choose a successor. Interrupting their hard-earned momentum, and giving the Europeans time to regroup, recover, reflect and prepare, was the deciding factor - also, Talabuga was not the general Subutai was. To begin with, the Empire was rocked with two major peasant rebellions at the same time as the Qing invasion - when the palace appeared as if they were going to be overrun by the newly declared Shun Emperor, the last emperor of the Ming dynasty, Chongzhen, went nuts and killed his entire family before hanging himself, leaving a succession crisis on top of everything else. And what could be more European than the Fabian strategy? The "Mobile Guard" is especially famous - the exceptionally quick Islamic light cavalry.