We counted "title" edits and "body" edits as distinct entities. This badge was awarded to users with 600 cumulative "title" or "body" edits. Find as you type user feature always sorts on name. I find it a bit confusing that the sort order is swapped without me asking for it. But let me take a step back and explain how the new system works: We only count an one "edit" per post, it does not matter if you edit the title or body multiple times. Clearly this is not intuitive or right so I made some adjustments. As you can see, veterans get significantly less notifications than non-vets (by-design) We never, notify a user twice of the same privilege. Secretly I added the workaround for chrome 6 only, I upgraded to chrome 7 today and the bug is back. I really don't want to make this workaround part of WMD. When the system was deployed, I ran a script that "pretended" that all users with more rep than 10 got all the historic notifications. I seemed to have missed the vote-up priv there that caused this issue. Ok, this happens cause of a pretty serious bug in the Chrome 6 regular expression engine. Under certain circumstances it fails to set back references properly. So we have this code: This is a bit glitchy, I seemed to have missed marking those notifications as "sent" when I deployed the system, there are 30 more users with 5k rep on SO that will be affected. I changed it so when a post is locked all suggested edits are rejected by the community user with the note: If I am sorting on popularity it should also sort on popularity. We have these privilege things on each site: But I wouldn't advice you to do it. At least so as not to waste the effort of the user who suggested the edit. And if you really think that the edit makes the post worse, you can do the same thing in a more legal way: choose "reject and edit" when reviewing. If you feel that the suggested edit is good and in the same time you want to apply your changes, review the suggested edit by choosing "improve" and adding something from you. YAY HATZ! http://winterbash2014.stackexchange.com works now! We have hatz!!! ( But I have no appropriate avatar to wear them :( What the hell did I just say?! ) By the way, I understood the reason of this bug ;) Is it related to hatz, because name should be moved depending on how you align your hat. And it is being tested now :) P.S I don't know to which word I should append "s", so I've written Stacks Overflows, just in case. You see those "falls" of rep in March? These are private downvotes. You can't see them: Which is definitely a bug (on any SE site). It is a bit misleading to a new user. Activity gone (it was there) seems to be fixed So remove filter to see all invisible reviews. If no form appears, execute the script again, fill the answer body with some bloat your answer and post - the disadvantage of this is the preview not working - but you can write in the answer form to another question and submit there. On Android (Galaxy S5) I just longpress-n-drag the corner you pointed (the functionality is similar with any textareas defined as resizeble). It's not 1500 everywhere, but only on Stack Overflow. The low-res icon set: http://sstatic.net/img/favicons-sprite16.png Top questions gone (used to show two posts from MSE) This depends on the screen resolution. The one with the white background is loaded when the screen resolution is high; the one with the black background is for low-dpi displays. I've checked on the multiple devices. Appears that any icon has its "retina" alternative. That's because if the graph would say 143, it would have to show where those 3 reps have gone, but it doesn't because the downvotes are private and can be seen only by moderators and the owner of that profile. This's happening probably due to the script conflict - both reversal and roomba scripts run 3:00 AM UTC as it was stated somewhere, but I've seen several times that Community removes a question at 3:01 (despite the site being very low-traffic; on the high traffic sites I think it can take 10+ mins for the script to check all the questions), i.e. sometimes a bit later, guess there's some order and roomba runs after the reversal script (not even exactly at 3 o'clock). As you can see, Meta.SE wasn't in the list of possible targets: Then click "Post Answer." It should reload writing an additional answer form and saying "Body is missing". If it behaves this way, everything okay; you get the full-featured answer form. So, unless the chat system becomes a full-featured SE 2.0 site, which is technically not possible, this bug has almost zero chances to be fixed. This is by design. You are encouraged to review a suggested edit, but not made to. The edits of a 2k users (or the edits of OP) have more priority than the suggested edits and a suggested edit should not block the edit of a user who has editing privileges. You can edit this post and the suggested edit would be rejected by Community as conflicting. And in the review (suggested edits), mods have their diamonds outside the blue OP background highlight rectangle: