Note: This is only for commercial insurance 

Al-Gharar is something that involves uncertainty, risk or speculation. 

Allah also says in the same chapter: “Today I have made permissible for you that which is good and wholesome and the food of those who were sent the Scripture is permissible to you and your food is permissible to them.” 

In fact, Allah the Exalted affirms this in Qur'an. 

Source: Eating the Meat of Ahl Al-Kitaab (Jews and Christians) 

In Islam (Sunni Point of view), eating the meat of Ahl Al-Kitaab (Jews and Christians) is permissible (Halal). However, whoever leaves it out of piety, there is no blame upon him. 

Moreover, the Prophet (peace be upon him) forbade Gharar sale [Muslim, Book on transactions, No. 1513]. 

Narrated by Abu Hurayrah (may Allaah be pleased with him): 

This is a fiqh question and what I am posting is the opinion of Imaam Ibn Uthaymeen (May Allah have mercy on him). 

Narrated by al-Tirmidhi (2664). He said: It is hasan ghareeb with this isnaad. It was classed as hasan by al-Albaani in al-Silsilah al-Saheehah (2870) 

As far as the methodology of the slaughtering we do not inquire about the method because if an action has occurred min ahlihi [at the hands of those suited to perform such an act] the conditions surrounding that act are not asked about. 

We find in Saheeh Al-Bukhari: “It is related by Aisha (radhi Allaahu anha) that a group of people said to the Prophet (sallallaahu ’alayhi wa sallam) ‘Some people came to us with some meat about which we didn’t know whether the name of Allah was mentioned over or not’ and he replied (sallallaahu ’alayhi wa sallam) Sammoo [Say the name of Allah] over it yourselves and then eat. She [Aisha - radhi Allaahu anha] said that these people had just recently been from the Kuffaar [i.e. just became Muslim and the question was not asked as to the method of slaughter]. 

Shaykh ‘Abd-Allaah ibn Jibreen was asked what if the commercial insurance is compulsory and cannot be avoided. 

All types of insurance are Haram (prohibited). They involve Jahalah (sale with lack of knowledge), Gharar (fraudulent transaction where details about the sold item are unknown or uncertain) - both of them are not pardoned - gambling, unjustly taking people's money, and Riba (usury/interest). There are many legal proofs that all these transactions are forbidden. Allah (Exalted be He) says: 

This rule therefore applies to the Jews and the Christians about whom we don’t know whether or not they have mentioned Allah’s name or not because their slaughtered meat is halal [permissible] to us. 

Harams and halals made by rasulullah: 

Then, how do we understand the following ayat?: 

This confusion arises from the general accepted terminology of "haram" and "halal". People think that there is only one kind of "haram" and one kind of "halal". But that is not true. There are a lot of harams made by different authorities. Some of them are: 

I wrote this long message after seeing that somebody who claims that eating frogs were haram, because rasulullah ordered not to kill frogs, and since we couldn't eat them alive, eating frogs automatically becomes haram... If you really understood what I tried to explain in my message, after reading a claim like this you should ask this at first: "Why did he forbid killing frogs? What was the true motivation behind this order of his? Were the people massacring the frogs because of the noise they make and he just wanted to stop them?" 

How it might be: I guess (and maybe i'm wrong) in most Islamic countries we don't have any regulatory agency or authority who checks the food. As for example i heard in Radio that Casablanca (Morocco) the official slaughterhouse can't afford the need of the local market many butchers slaughter in nonofficial abatoirs! And in many rural regions you won't find public authorities! My experience as a tourist in Egypt taught me it's better to eat at McDonalds or KFC than at al-Mu'min as we found some spoiled Seafood in our sandwich! So i hope i don't go to far if i said maybe McDonald as a global player will satisfy it's part rather than the local authorities (But Allah knows best)! 

There's something i forgot in my original answer, but as it is important due to the word you used in your post, so I'm adding it now. Note that accusing somebody to be an adulterer is a very grave accusation, as in Islam if you don't have at least four witnesses (four men or for each missing man two women, the accuser himself doesn't count) for that, you should be hardly punished according the shari'a. See (24:4-5 and 24:23) for the accusation of chaste women, which applies also for men. The Quran mentioned women in first place as falsely accusing them is more grave! Note that those witnesses must have witnessed the act themselves (either seeing it, or maybe hearing it -with no doubt-), which usually would be hard! Of course if the person himself admits it freely then the witnesses won't be necessary Please be aware of this and read this hadith!