Using "u" and "a" (and "i", but "Muhammad" doesn't use that one) for the vowels, however, is pretty much standard across formal Arabic romanization methods. The variant spellings are typically based on attempts to spell the name out phonetically rather than out of any adherence to the original Arabic, which becomes further complicated by the name being pronounced differently in different dialects (see Wikipedia: "Muhammad (Name)"). However, it is incorrect to apply a general ruling such as "One must never tell such stories, nor believe in them," as there is no way of knowing that the stories themselves are not true. I know of no evidences to outright forbid such, especially if the following points are considered: How unbelievable and fantastical it may appear is irrelevant. Belief in al-Ghaib includes believing in things that are otherwise unexplainable by science or observation. The best one can do would be to apply the advice presented in the hadith of God's pasture: by only narrating those stories which are clearly permissible (such as those in the Qur'an, those authentically narrated by the prophet, or those from the children of Israel) and avoiding all others, one can be sure they're not transgressing God's own limits, even if by accident. verification of information prevents us to "harm people out of ignorance" . BUT I would agree with your teacher that it is recommended to eat less to be healthy. In short, the Prophet(pbuh) was doctor himself and had learnt his cures from the best university in the world (Allah) But another point that comes to light in this verse is that... In the above verse the Quran makes it compulsory on verifying information if it comes from a disobedient person(i.e. faasiqun). Islam requires us not to be careless about "a word" we say. The above verse applies to us and to the Prophet(pbuh), but since the Prophet(pbuh) had a direct connection with Allah he got the cure directly. This does not in anyway mean Adam(pbuh) is "greater faultless son" than Jesus(pbuh). The hadith above does not indicate Jesus(pbuh) is a "faultless son" rather just that he was not touched by the Satan when he was born which resulted in him not crying. So it Allah's mercy to Virgin Mary(pbuh) that her son didnt cry. BUT ALLAH KNOWS BEST, why Jesus(pbuh) didn't cry on being born. This in no way means he is MORE faultless than Muhammad(pbuh). In this case it is seeking cure from someone else. If the Prophet(pbuh) fell sick and went to the doctor, the unbelievers would say "He goes to the doctor but cannot ask Allah for a cure whose prophet he claims to be". "The Prophet became sick and when his disease became aggravated..." Is your question about "Unverified and unbelievable stories"? Based on the clarification you added, my understanding is that you simply mean "unbelievable stories" rather than "fantasy stories".