As the comments indicate, this diary entry was private, and not meant to convey any message, except perhaps a reminder to its author. It is however characteristic of some central themes in Kierkegaard's philosophy (and life). Namely, coming face to face with your own existence, and its meaning or meaninglessness, through crisis and the contemplation of death. 

Kant may still have been impressed by the mystiques of mathematical certainty and the moral law ("Two things fill the mind with ever new and increasing admiration and awe, the more often and steadily we reflect upon them: the starry heavens above me and the moral law within me"), and reserved the same mode of justification for both, his synthetic a priori. But already Hume had doubts about both, which Kant chose to overlook, and in mathematics at least the mystique went by the way of logicist "laws of thought" that Frege and Russell never quite found. After the wrangling over Cantorian infinities and the axiom of choice, intuitionism, Gödel's incompleteness, Cohen's set-theoretic pluralism, Quine (mathematics as holistic completion of empirical theories), late Wittegenstein (mathematics as "grammar"), etc., it is hard to see how the analogy can do the justificatory work that rationalists expected of it. Moreover, Dostoevsky, Nietzsche, existentialists, and the two world wars, provided quite independent reasons to cast aside the ethical rationalism itself. 

This regress appears every time something has the ability to represent something else, Aristotle used it to criticize Plato's ideal realm. Since idea can represent an object, or another idea, the realm containing all of them would have to be populated not only by ideas of objects, but also ideas of ideas of objects, ideas of ideas of ideas of ideas of objects. It seemed a bit excessive, so he disposed of the separate realm, and embodied ideas as forms of objects instead. 

Boonin argued more recently (Thomson's paper is from 1971) that the above distinctions are either morally irrelevant, or do not apply to abortion in their moral aspect. Here is a critique of that due to Beckwith. 

The ethico-mathematical analogy is ancient, but it did gain some recent prominence among analytic philosophers. Clarke-Doane's Moral Epistemology: The Mathematics Analogy, Franklin's On the Parallel between Mathematics and Morals, Lear's Ethics, Mathematics and Relativism all focus on the analogy. And all of them name book VII of Plato's Republic as its point of origin, where Plato outlines the work that the analogy is supposed to do: 

The terminology of hypothetical and categorical imperatives is rather specific to Kant. Roughly, hypothetical imperatives give commands conditioned on one’s purposes (if you wish to succeed in life study hard, etc.), while categorical imperatives are unconditional, absolute. The problem with authentic examples is that according to Kant “There is therefore only a single categorical imperative, and it is this: act only according to that maxim through which you can at the same time will that it become a universal law”. But Kant clearly does not distinguish between ethics and meta-ethics (principles for selecting ethical principles), a distinction to which modern philosophy became sensitivized by developments in logic and semantics in the early 20th century, and his “single categorical imperative” is a meta-ethical principle. Using the term loosely, all irreducible absolute commands of ethics proper are “categorical imperatives”. For example, so are the ten commandments of Judaism and Christianity, and their analogs in other religions. Kant’s implication is that all such absolute commands reduce to his universalizable maxims, and only they do. His reasoning to that effect is long-winded, our Philip Klöcking does his best to explain it here. 

Note to PROP. VII. For instance, a circle existing in nature, and the idea of a circle existing, which is also in God, are one and the same thing displayed through different attributes. Thus, whether we conceive nature under the attribute of extension, or under the attribute of thought, or under any other attribute, we shall find the same order, or one and the same chain of causes - that is, the same things following in either case. Thus, whether we conceive nature under the attribute of extension, or under the attribute of thought, or under any other attribute, we shall find the same order, or one and the same chain of causes - that is, the same things following in either case. 

Wikipedia, which is the source of the quote, in another article also lists the typical objections, with references, which arguably point out moral distinctions. 

Take eugenics first. We have no firm knowledge of what is "best" for the gene pool or what adaptations are "superior" and are in our common "interest", or even if such judgements can be made meaningful (biology generally suggests otherwise). Even if we agreed on that we have even less knowledge on how to bring them about and avoid potential risks of genetic diseases, etc. In other words, we lack ability to say what is ethical here from utilitarian point of view. In which case we have to assess utility conservatively, and prudence dictates that eugenics at this point is unethical. 

Attributes, for Aristotle, scholastics, Descartes, and Spinoza alike, are the non-accidental qualities/properties expressed in language by predicates, as substances are expressed in it by subjects, to which they are predicated. Taken together, they make a substance what it is, hence they are essential (unlike accidental properties), constitute its essence. Substances that do not share attributes have nothing in common, and the more attributes they have the more "real" (concrete) they are. God, as the ultimate reality, is the "substance of infinite attributes", but according to Spinoza "the human mind has an adequate knowledge of the eternal and infinite essence of God". Here are some examples from Part II of Ethics: