It's not much different than any other annual or semi-annual business meeting for many secular businesses. It's a chance to make big announcements, and motivation speeches, but of course, related to the Church and revelation from God, rather than the types of things important to businesses. The most basic LDS explanation of what Salvation is: Free will is not dependent on our origins. To illustrate this, we can look at a polar opposite theory of origins and show that the same argument can be stated, and it's equally nonsensical. Members of the restored Church of Jesus Christ believe that there are many great and important things yet to be revealed (see Articles of Faith 1:9); this indicates that our past and current understanding of things is incomplete and may need adjustment. If the Big Bang is true, and we have a metaphysical dependence on matter and energy, that has nothing to do with whether or not we have free will. With all due respect to Mark Hausam, the logic just doesn't hold water. That sounds like a category error. As for the significance to the Church members, aside from the obvious implications of the above: My question is, according to LDS teaching, when does a person have to use the secret handshakes and passwords? Are there different levels for different handshakes? What if a person forgets them? Do wives have to wait to enter heaven until their husbands die? If a person later abandons the LDS church, can he still get into heaven, since he already knows the secrets? I recently read about the doctrine of eternal families in the LDS Church. As I understand it, the LDS church teaches that men on this planet have the potential to become gods themselves, who then have their own planets upon which people may become gods also. Is this true? If it is, is it just applicable while a person is serving as a missionary? What is the basis for this instruction? According to LDS theology, why is a person simply asked to pray about it, rather than looking at historical, archaeological, prophetical, and other fields of evidence that attest to the authenticity and divine authorship of the Bible? Also, how exactly is one expected to know whether or not God has confirmed that the Book of Mormon is true? How is God expected to answer the person's prayer? The recording of Das Buch Mormon appears to have been digitized from cassette tapes produced by the Church, based on information from the site's home page. Recordings were most likely produced from the 1980 edition of the German Book of Mormon – the edition that preceded the current 2003 edition – which explains why the recordings are no longer published by the Church. Joseph Smith's position on the Book of Mormon was very definitive and bold. However, if you compare those quotes to recent quotes like these from the Community of Christ: From what I can tell, there have been 4 actual translations of the Book of Mormon into German over the years, each of which has had several printings or editions: 1852, 1959, 1980, and 2003. I found some good historical information in the Journal of Book of Mormon Studies, Dialogue: A Journal of Mormon Thought, and Deseret News. I expect there will be a new edition in the next year or two that includes updates from the 2013 edition of the English scriptures, as similar updates have been published in other languages – most recently French, Italian, and Dutch. The current edition of the German Book of Mormon can be found on LDS.org. Hymnbooks in other languages have around 200 hymns from the current English hymnbook, plus a few additional hymns that are optionally chosen by the translators. None of them have United States patriotic songs; however, a few have local patriotic songs: In order to understand the current position of the Community of Christ on the Book of Mormon, it's important to look at the role The Book of Mormon holds in the shared history of the Community of Christ and the LDS Church. If you are interested in looking at the first translation of the German Book of Mormon (1852), which is in the public domain, you can find scans at Archive.org and on Google Books (links below). Good luck parsing the old German Fraktur! The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints teaches that our bodies are temples where the Holy Ghost can dwell (1 Corinthians 6:19–20) and that they were given to us as a gift from God, therefore we are expected to take care of them. The Word of Wisdom was originally given in 1833 as a word of counsel and is found in Doctrine and Covenants 89. Later prophets have reemphasized the Word of Wisdom as a law of health and today it is set forth as a commandment that all church members are expected to follow.