From this we can see that given the fact that we never have perfect information our opponents' holdings, every bet we make in poker has some Value and/or some Bluff component in it. Especially in cases where the opponent's range is heavily weighted toward hands that have no absolute value, we also gain by forcing them to surrender their equity. Those cases are classic examples of when a continuation bet should be made. 

The best way to make money with a good hand is to bet, bet, bet. 

If you are the aggressor preflop and then are the first to bet on the flop, the bet you made on the flop is a "Continuation Bet." It is called this because had the initiative preflop and are now continuing your aggression postflop. Continuation bets aren't only made on the flop. If you raised the flop and then bet the turn, you've made a continuation bet on the turn. That is all that a continuation bet is -- the questions of what its purpose is and when to do it are much harder to answer. 

You have KTo on the Button in a No-Limit Holdem game where everybody has 100 BB stacks. One player opens for a limp, and you raise on the button to 5x the BB. The blinds fold, and the limper calls. The flop come A72, rainbow. Your opponent checks to you, and you are confident that he has a very weak hand. What should you do? For Value: A bet for value is made when you want a call from a worse hand. To Force An Incorrect Fold: Akin to bluffing, this kind of bet is made when you want your opponent to fold their hand when, if they could see your hand, they would not fold. To Force Your Opponent To Surrender Their Equity In The Hand: See below for an explanation. Almost every bet in poker has either a Value or Bluff component to it, or both. Since you can never have perfect knowledge about your opponents' holdings unless they show their hands down, many times when you bet for Value you also want a few folds as well, and vice versa. However, as a general rule of thumb (to which there are many exceptions), in a No-Limit Holdem Cash Game against amatuer opponents with whom you have no significant history, I posit that: First, to answer the specific question "What is a continuation bet?" On the other hand, what if your opponent has KJo? In this case, it is we who are behind, and now we only have about 3 outs (the Ten), leaving us with only about 15% Equity. Nevertheless, if we bet he is going to fold fairly often and surrender the 85% equity he has to us. 

There is a special circumstance which commonly arises in poker that might seem like a reason to bet, but really is just a combination of #1 and #2. That is to force your opponent to surrender his equity in the pot, especially when neither of you have anything. This is one of the most common reasons to make a continuation bet. Consider: 

There are so many things to consider when coming to a conclusion about how to play not just AA, but any hand. Not the least of which is: Assuming your opponent doesn't have an Ace, you both have garbage hands. Even though both of you have garbage hands, you still both have a certain ammount of equity in the pot. How much depends on your opponent's actual holding. For the sake of argument, let's suppose he has 6h5h. You have the best hand for now, but he has about 6 outs, not counting any redraws. According to the rule of 2 & 4, he has about 25% Equity in this pot, leaving you with 75% equity. If you bet and he folds, he surrenders that Equity to you. If the pot is $100 right now, he is essentially giving you $25 by folding. Back to when he has 6h5h. Even if he calls your continuation bet, it's not so bad -- in this case, you got value for your garbage hand because your garbage was better than his garbage; you have the best hand. In the case where he has KJ, we really do want him to fold because he's beating us, so there's an element of bluff to this bet.