Formal logic, like the syllogistic, was only the most elementary part of Logic, although Aristotle and scholastics emphasized it enough to put them closer to current usage. Even so, Aristotle's discussions of anchinoia, guessing the middle premise in the so-called synthetic syllogism, fall under what is now called abductive inference and is not part of logic in the narrow sense (although some analytic philosophers follow Peirce in talking about "logic of discovery" in a non-Popperian sense). For a description of the current positions see informative discussion in D’Agostini's From a Continental Point of View: The Role of Logic in the Analytic­-Continental Divide: 

Even aside from this particular context, deriving a "should", what to do, from what is is problematic in itself on general grounds, see the naturalistic fallacy or Hume's is-ought guillotine. One could say that we should do what is right even when it is "pointless". But one can reconstrue the inference as an elliptic means-end reasoning: we should mitigate climate change, so we should reduce greenhouse gases as a means (in principle). But since we can not reduce them by much we shouldn't bother. The first part is now valid (assuming one accepts the scientific connection), but the second one is soritic. 

The second premise is false unless "heinous crime" and "insane" are defined to make it true by definition, in which case the definitions are question begging. But because people committing heinous crimes are convicted despite the insanity defense, premise 2 fails at least on the legal definition of "insanity". 

The second example, unlike others, also has a "should", which brings in yet another issue, see What fallacy argues that we should do nothing because we can not do everything? "We can not solve it perfectly, so why bother at all". The names are the perfectionist fallacy and the perfect solution or nirvana fallacy. It creates a false dichotomy between perfection and doing nothing, and then dismisses not doing nothing as imperfect. This second part involves the fallacy of relative privation, see What fallacy dismisses problems by presenting "bigger" problems? 

The difference in the last two examples is that the "broader context" is already present, it is not something that may or may not occur in the future. They both invoke reasoning from the continuum fallacy, a.k.a. the sorites paradox (paradox of the heap): adding a grain to a non-heap does not make it a heap, therefore no amount of grains makes a heap. Or, therefore no one grain "contributes" to the heap. Here we have votes in place of grains. The reasoning ignores qualitative transitions in chains of small increments, which the media often dramatize by pointing out how in close elections a handful of votes would have changed the outcome. 

However, I am not sure what is meant by "otherwise valid", and "support it for the wrong reason". If their reason for supporting it is part of their argument, and it is wrong, then the argument is at least unsound (has false premises), or perhaps even invalid, if the wrongness affects the reasoning. If proponents who present "partial and weaker (and easier to refute) representation" of the argument are deliberately picked out this would be the selection form of the straw man, which Talisse and Aikin call "weak man", and in extreme forms Drum calls "nut picking", i.e. cherry picking nutty supporters. 

So this apple is not prime, but according to Ionesco it is prime, no contradiction. Rosen adapted Lewis’s framework to modal semantics of possible worlds for those unwilling to accept the explosion in ontology it requires. All possible worlds and objects in them are reduced to fictions, see his Modal Fiction. 

A famous example discussed by Mill concerned the contrast between inductive validity of "some samples of bismuth melt at 271°C, therefore all of them do" and invalidity of "some samples of wax melt at 91°C, therefore all of them do". Mill was so impressed by it that he wrote in his System of Logic:"Whoever can answer this question knows more of the philosophy of logic than the wisest of the ancients and has solved the problem of induction". It was Mill, who replaced Hume's "custom" with the oft-quoted "axiom of the uniformity of the course of nature", but the melting example demonstrates how "uniformity of nature" is not a solution, but part of the problem. Because the "uniformity" is itself "non-uniform". Norton explains: