They haven't even really learned to identify pictures on the page with real objects yet, after all. It's not much before fifteen months that they learn that the baby in the mirror is themselves, after all; how should one expect them to learn a picture of a car is a real car? Hence the lack of interest in even picture books - they're just not 'real' to them until they hit that stage of development, usually around 18 months. 

There's no way to know when a child will be a particular height, of course, other than waiting. 

Most fifteen month olds aren't interested in books except as a very short and quick interaction with daddy/mommy. They probably aren't capable of saying words on the page yet - that's possible, but most do that closer to 18-20 months. My eighteen month old just started going through his book phase, and my older son did the same at that age. But even then, it takes months to learn to read the book in order and not just flip around. 

*While some evidence shows that transgender people do begin expressing that as children, you can't necessarily see that in how they play; it comes out in how they actually self-identify. It's not a matter of being confused; they actually identify with their cis-gender classmates. My 14 month old just had his blood test results back, and while his hemoglobin levels are in the normal range, they're right on the bottom of the range. This surprised us some, because he's a voracious meat eater; last Friday he had 5 ounces of prime rib, for example, and he regularly eats plenty of almost everything we give him. Not necessarily every day, but on balance he's a good eater, and in particular on the meat side of the spectrum. He also does a pretty good job eating green vegetables, like green beans or broccoli. 

At fifteen months I'd be happy with just getting comfortable with sitting on my lap and holding a book, and anything beyond that is a bonus. It sounds like you're really focusing on education, which is good, but fifteen months isn't the time for this sort of education. Social interactions and gross motor skills are mostly what's needed at this point; she will pick up language just from your talking to her. Also remember; growth charts tend to smooth over things like growth spurts in unhelpful ways. Looking at the 2-20 chart for boys, the growth is basically a smooth up-sloping line implying a consistent growth per year from 2 all the way to 15 or 16; that's not because any individual boy grows consistently from year to year, but because the average is consistent. Children go through growth spurts at different times, and so the average appears smooth, even when the individual growth is not. To put that in plain english, boy children who are 'trans' girls will actually identify as girls in their minds, not simply by playing with girl toys, but actually using words ("I don't feel like a boy") and thoughts. It's fairly rare to be identifiable at the age you're talking about (5); it's much more common as children approach adolescence, as children begin to realize the differences. 

And as far as calling them different things - that's just creativity, and something that should be encouraged. "Daddy, here's my train!" (scribble sort of vaguely circular) "Nice train, E, I like the smokestack". There is probably a correlation, however, between boys who play with social role-playing toys (animals, dolls) and nice grown up men. Playing with dolls is a great way to explore socialization and feelings, and those are rather important for a child to develop. Edit (5/27/14): Started to use the spinach smoothies, those have gone over very well - no complaints about the flavor. One thing I've noticed as I've paid attention to some of the comments/answers below is that we have a lot of dairy with our iron containing products, so that's something to pay a lot more attention to.