For a dualist solution to the mind body problem to be compatible with the theory of evolution, it seems that a dualist has two options: 

P.S: * I have not completed the entire book, so this is my interpretation of what I am reading so far, things might change later. ** Moreover, further in the book Dennett explains how language plays a crucial role in how human minds evolved, but I haven't gotten there yet. *** You might want to check Douglas Hofstadter for more details on how self-perception evolved into consciousness. **** Dennett's main ideas are explained in further detail in his more famous books "Consciousness Explained" and "Darwin's Dangerous Idea", but I haven't read either of those yet. "Quantum mind" arguments usually center around the idea that the human mind can solve a wider class of problems than classical computers (see undecidable problems) or that human consciousness has properties that can't be explained with classical computing models (i.e Turing machines). It is then argued that Quantum computers might be able to solve these problems or duplicate these properties that classical computers can't, and therefore the mind must be a Quantum computer. What differentiates the above process from thinking is intentionality. To qualify as thinking, the data processing has to be directed at that over which empowerment is sought, and for that to occur some representation of the target object or concept has to be involved, hence my reference to Wittgenstein's picture theory. 

Yet I don't want to abandon the concept of freewill. So can a substance dualist be an atheist? Has anybody of note held this position before? Why is it true that if zombies are possible that physicalism must be false, and which—if any—philosopher's have actually contended that zombies are possible, rather than merely conceivable in a vague sense? The SEP article on Zombies writes: At this point, we've thus already answered your question. If the human brain is itself a machine, then of course we think machines can be seen as a "person". But if you insist that by "machine" you mean something other than man, then still, yes, it is theoretically possible to replicate the human mind using non-organic parts as long as you maintain the same logical feedback loops and the like. The content/structure (brain matter, cells, chemicals vs. metal circuits, electricity, etc.) does not matter in a deterministic system, only the logic they produce matters. 

Few people think zombies actually exist. But many hold they are at least conceivable, and some that they are possible. It is argued that if zombies are so much as a bare possibility, then physicalism is false and some kind of dualism is true. For many philosophers that is the chief importance of the zombie idea. I can see why the existence of qualia is an argument against functionalism or against the computational theory of mind: if the mind was just a fancy computer with functional states, it wouldn't matter whether knowledge of red came from other systems (learning about red through science) or direct sensation (seeing it with one's own eyes), the mental state "knowledge of red" would correspond to the same functional/computational state. The existence of qualia proves that the two states are different, and hence disproves functionalism. David Rosenthal, among others, proposes Higher Order Theories of consciousness to explain the existence of qualia/subjective experience within functionalism: Thoughts, beliefs, perceptions, etc..are 1st order mental (functional) states. Subjective experience are adequately described by 2nd order mental states. 2nd order functional states are functional states about other functional states. His main target here is the computational theory of the mind. He is attacking the idea that the brain is equivalent to a Turing machine, by saying that things like intention and meaning cannot be represented by a Turing machine no matter how powerful - I disagree with him, Hofstadter gives a very good account of how intentionality and meaning can arise in formal symbol processing systems in GEB. I also find Searle's Chinese room example to be completely wrong, but that topic is out of scope. Why is it true that if zombies are possible that physicalism must be false, and which—if any—philosopher's have actually contended that zombies are possible, rather than merely conceivable in a vague sense? 

If physicalism is true and determinism (at least on a Newtonian level) is true, then yes, a machine theoretically could be designed in a way you describe and thus considered a "person". Phsyicalism as you may know is the idea that (stated most simply) "everything is physical". Determinism is the idea that everything has a cause; nothing is uncaused. In other words, given the way things are at time t, the way things progress thereafter is fixed as a matter of natural law. Under these views the human mind and all human behavior is just the result of a causal chain of prior physical occurrences in the brain. This, in fact, brings us to the realization that the brain itself is a machine; sure it's not made of metal and wiring but the same kind of complex feedback loops and processing occurs. Few people think zombies actually exist. But many hold they are at least conceivable, and some that they are possible. It is argued that if zombies are so much as a bare possibility, then physicalism is false and some kind of dualism is true. For many philosophers that is the chief importance of the zombie idea.