The Catechism of the Catholic Church has useful information on how we should treat the animals. 

[2418] It is contrary to human dignity to cause animals to suffer or die needlessly. It is likewise unworthy to spend money on them that should as a priority go to the relief of human misery. One can love animals; one should not direct to them the affection due only to persons. 

I noticed that Catholics dip their fingers in Holy Water kept mostly at the entrance to the Church and apply it on their forehead. 

The sale of relics is strictly forbidden by the Church. The Code of Canon Law states: Is there any specific liquid/water for it? 

How are first class relics prepared? They are preserved in special containers, after carefully cleaning them, perfuming them and repairing them if required. 

Do not slaughter a cow or a sheep and its young on the same day. (Leviticus 22:28, NIV) 

Do not cook a young goat in its mother's milk. (Deuteronomy 14:21, NIV) The angel of the Lord asked him, “Why have you beaten your donkey these three times? I have come here to oppose you because your path is a reckless one before me. (Numbers 22:32, NIV) What are the uses of Holy Water? 

We can also find some verses from the Bible which seem to indicate that we should show kindness to animals. Why is Eucharist observed in Catholic parishes every Sunday? Do they observe on other days too? Are Catholics obligated to attend the mass every Sunday? 

First class relics are the physical remains of a saint (a bone, a hair, skull, a limb, etc.) Apostolic See decides what is to be done with the relics. 

The body of Saint Bernadette covered in wax, believed to be incorruptible by the Catholic church, after she was exhumed three times. [2417] God entrusted animals to the stewardship of those whom he created in his own image. Hence it is legitimate to use animals for food and clothing. They may be domesticated to help man in his work and leisure. Medical and scientific experimentation on animals is a morally acceptable practice if it remains within reasonable limits and contributes to caring for or saving human lives. 

(22) The Father begot me His son and the same Son. Whatever God does, this is one; because of this He Himself begot me His Son without any distinction. 

This is sedevacantism because sedevacantism doesn't deny the papacy (as Protestants do). 

Thus, Jews (and anyone else, too) must be baptized and profess the Catholic Faith to be saved. The Church has vehemently opposed Averroism in part because (1) Catholics must believe that God creates a unique soul for each human (a human is an unique soul + body), and (2) Averroism destroys all moral responsibility for an individual's actions. 

(2) Likewise it can be granted that the world existed from eternity. (14) A good man ought so to conform his will to the divine will that he himself wishes whatever God wishes; because God wishes me to have sinned in some way, I would not wish that I had not committed sins, and this is true repentance. 

From the Catholic Encyclopedia article "Cruelty to Animals," a quote from Cardinal Manning, in which he says that man must show mercy to animals, not for their sakes, but for our and God's sakes: 

All creatures are good because God created them (Gen. 1:31). It's their immoderate usage which can be evil. Holy Scripture distinguishes alcoholic drinks, medicines, and harmful drugs. 

The sense is that prayer should not be loquacious, meaningless verbage, which the prayers of the Rosary, being so pregnant with meaning, are not. (8) In those men who do not seek after wealth, or honors, or utility, or interior devotion, or sanctity or reward, or the kingdom of heaven, but renounce all these things even that which is theirs, God is honored. 

What are the uses of Holy Water? The angel of the Lord asked him, “Why have you beaten your donkey these three times? I have come here to oppose you because your path is a reckless one before me. (Numbers 22:32, NIV) 

A wooden piece from the True Cross, safeguarded inside an ornamented cross. Do not muzzle an ox while it is treading out the grain. (Deuteronomy 25:4, NIV) Many Protestant churches observe the Lord's Supper once a month and some do it very rarely. If I'm not mistaken, the Catholics celebrate Eucharist every Sunday. I noticed that Catholics dip their fingers in Holy Water kept mostly at the entrance to the Church and apply it on their forehead. Do not cook a young goat in its mother's milk. (Deuteronomy 14:21, NIV) 

First class relics are the physical remains of a saint (a bone, a hair, skull, a limb, etc.) The Catechism of the Catholic Church has useful information on how we should treat the animals. 

Is there any specific liquid/water for it? 

[2417] God entrusted animals to the stewardship of those whom he created in his own image. Hence it is legitimate to use animals for food and clothing. They may be domesticated to help man in his work and leisure. Medical and scientific experimentation on animals is a morally acceptable practice if it remains within reasonable limits and contributes to caring for or saving human lives. The body of Saint Bernadette covered in wax, believed to be incorruptible by the Catholic church, after she was exhumed three times. 

The sale of relics is strictly forbidden by the Church. The Code of Canon Law states: 

Current Catholic teaching prohibits relics to be divided up into small, unrecognizable parts. (source) Apostolic See decides what is to be done with the relics. We can also find some verses from the Bible which seem to indicate that we should show kindness to animals. How are first class relics prepared? They are preserved in special containers, after carefully cleaning them, perfuming them and repairing them if required. 

Do not slaughter a cow or a sheep and its young on the same day. (Leviticus 22:28, NIV) [2418] It is contrary to human dignity to cause animals to suffer or die needlessly. It is likewise unworthy to spend money on them that should as a priority go to the relief of human misery. One can love animals; one should not direct to them the affection due only to persons.