But hand-wringing over "absolute" rigor is not the only concern. Hamming, whose mathematics was computer science oriented, is well known for quipping "typing is no substitute for thinking" and "the purpose of computing is insight, not numbers". One can take it pragmatically, or one can take it more fundamentally. Even pragmatically, simulations of the hurricane movements, say, may give us predictions, but not why they are thus and so. When models disagree we are left in the dark, because the crucial element of insight is missing. And on the Kantian/intuitionistic conception of mathematics and mathematical validity the chasm between human and computer assisted proofs is more than a matter of degree. That a deduction constitutes a proof as long as its every step is according to the "rules" is a formalist idea. But not all scientists or mathematicians are formalists. To some there is that elusive aspect of intuitive insight without which a proof is at best a blind calculation, with a stigma of inferiority attached. "Understanding" just does not take place outside of an understander, and a proof is not a proof until it is understood. Similar sensibilities affect reception of quantum mechanics, complaints about "shut up and calculate" are not uncommon. 

It is the "self-evidence" of mathematical truths, despite the apparent lack of empirical input, and their peculiar "objective certainty", beyond that of any empirical surmise, that attracted many subsequent ethical rationalists to the analogy. If mathematics can credibly discover eternal truths, it went, so can ethics. This traditional use is rather problematic today. 

See more in SEP's Nonexistent Objects, and Negative Existential Beliefs. 

Still, it is perhaps of independent interest to explore to what extent the analogy holds, irrespective of the use rationalists and moral realists put it to. One obvious problem is that while mathematics, at least prima facie, is a corpus of truths, this is not exactly the case in ethics. Per Humean view, "murder is wrong" is the imperative "do not murder" rephrased, and imperatives are not eligible for having truth values. This of course is a version of Hume's is-ought guillotine, "never the twain shall meet". Even if we get over non-declaratives having truth values somehow the next problem is the cultural and emotional neutrality of mathematics vs the opposite in ethics. Clarke-Doane creatively uses this wedge to argue that moral realism is more credible than platonism: