What about the sexual discharge of the woman and the man, and what role does each play in producing male or female offspring 

(or from behind a veil) -- as He spoke to Musa, peace be upon him. He asked to see Him after He had spoken to him, but this was not granted to him. In the Sahih, it recorded that the Messenger of Allah said to Jabir bin `Abdullah, may Allah be pleased with him: (Allah never speaks to anyone except from behind a veil, but He spoke to your father directly.) This is how it was stated in the Hadith. He ﴿Jabir's father﴾ was killed on the day of Uhud, but this refers to the realm of Al-Barzakh, whereas the Ayah speaks of this earthly realm. 

Why or how the answers would turn them into disbelievers? 

From this we can conclude a believer should walk neither fast nor slow, neither in an arrogant style nor a shay way he should walk with ease. 

So once you can make a difference between darkness and brightness you should start your fast. 

(My own translation take it carefully) 

The major meaning of the verse -you are asking about- is that one shouldn't prohibit to himself what is made lawful (halal) for him, just to get the approval of others -no matter who they are-. While the next verses are explaining what is to do if one made an oath and prohibited to himself something which is lawful to him for the same purpose (approval of others). 

But how to solve this issue? I know it is easy to explain the issue which may appear in the meaning of the Verse (and honestly I know it as I've read enough tafsirs of the Verse) 

Imam al-Qurtoby in his tafsir concluded after quoting ibn al-'Arabi's reasons: 

And who is his Wali (supporter) among the angels" The Prophet took their covenant that they will follow him if he answers these questions, and they agreed. He said, "I ask you by He Who sent down the Tawrah to Musa, do you not know that Isra'il once became very ill When his illness was prolonged, he vowed to Allah that if He cures His illness, he would prohibit the best types of drink and food for himself. Was not the best food to him camel meat and the best drink camel milk" They said, "Yes, by Allah." The Messenger said, "O Allah, be Witness against them." The Prophet then said, "I ask you by Allah, other than Whom there is no deity (worthy of worship), Who sent down the Tawrah to Musa, do you not know that man's discharge is thick and white and woman's is yellow and thin If any of these fluids becomes dominant, the offspring will take its sex and resemblance by Allah's leave. Hence, if the man's is more than the woman's, the child will be male, by Allah's leave. If the woman's discharge is more than the man's, then the child will be female, by Allah's leave." They said, "Yes." He said, "O Allah, be Witness against them." He then said, "I ask you by He Who sent down the Tawrah to Musa, do you not know that the eyes of this unlettered Prophet sleep, but his heart does not sleep" They said, "Yes, by Allah!" He said, "O Allah, be Witness." They said, "Tell us now about your Wali among the angels, for this is when we either follow or shun you.' He said, `My Wali (who brings down the revelation from Allah) is Jibril, and Allah never sent a Prophet, but Jibril is his Wali." They said, "We then shun you. Had you a Wali other than Jibril, we would have followed you." On that, Allah, the Exalted revealed,