There are a few things that might help improve your chances of a more reliable answer even now though. Asking, "what did you do today?" is a pretty abstract question. You might try asking him the question and then following it with more specific and "leading" kinds of questions that will help focus his answers a little better. Of course, knowing a little about the day first from observations you make at pick up time and from speaking with the teacher a little will also help you here: For example, In the short term, redshirting raises the child's academic achievement, increases the child's confidence in social interactions and popularity among classmates and may simply add to the normal mix of ages and abilities within the classroom. However, there is also some speculation that, in classes where there are children who have been redshirted, some older children may feel alienated from their younger classmates, and some older classmates may have an unfair advantage over younger classmates in size and in psychomotor and social skills. The presence of children of a wider age span may also make the class too diverse for a teacher to manage well. Children that are ready but redshirted, sometimes find themselves not challenged enough and behavioral challenges can arise due to this boredom. In other words, every child learns best a little differently, even with the same teacher in the same family. At this point with your son, I would teach him the sounds of the alphabet, continue reading to him a lot, and let him decide when he's ready to go further. There's no rush. Especially if you plan to put him into a public school where he will have to wait for the other students to catch up, the advantages of reading early are relatively short-lived. By age 11, you typically can't tell which kids learned to read earlier than others. After that point, there is a certain degree of conflict in how to teach reading. The biggest schism at the moment is "whole language" versus phonics. The former is based off the fact that adults don't sound out words, they read the entire word in their head as a pattern. Whole language attempts to develop that skill earlier by focusing on things like lists of sight words. Whole language proponents would say I'm over-simplifying, which I am, but whole language theory is much richer and holistic than the way it usually ends up being implemented. In the few areas where i do have pessimism (yes, there are a few) it is very easy to avoid passing on that view to the children. In my view, skepticism and optimism/pessimism are orthogonal and don't need to have any relationship with each other. So my approach is to help my children see that the media view is not real - interestingly, once you take that out of the mix, it is very easy to focus on the positive elements of life. So I'm very glad that my kids seem as optimistic as me. I am also, apparently, the most optimistic and positive person in my group of friends and acquaintances. To me the world is generally a good place, and the majority of people are good to each other, themselves and the environment. I feel a large number of people who are pessimistic about the world these days are those who don't extrapolate correctly from the media. A newspaper's job is to sell itself - so hyping anything bad is a winning strategy for them. And psychologically, we are built to extrapolate from our local knowledge to the world at large - and we tend to interpret the media as 'local'