Nevertheless, it is true that "Spirit-filled churches" do attract a range of both internal and external critcism associated with the distinctive (and broadly in common with each other) doctrines and practices they promote ranging from mild rebuke over displays of 'zeal without knowledge' - akin to Paul's instructions to the Corinthian church regarding their disorderly meetings - right through to asserting they are a completely false demonically-empowered religion - preaching a false gospel and therefore leading people astray from 'the simplicity of Christ' (cf. 2 Corinthians 11:3) and into damnable error. These last, of course, with clear soteriological implications. 

Evangelicalism is somewhat of a moveable feast and different Evangelicals will have their own favoured terminology - sometimes treating the other terms listed here as synonyms, and sometimes emphasizing distinctions between them. 

Critical to this process of course, is hearing the voice of the Lord, but it is the response in (repentance and) faith (by and in God's grace) that is the true test of whether we are actually 'listening' ie. not just hearers of the word only but those who put in to practice what it says (cf. James 1:22, Matthew 7:13-26). This is not saying we can do anything of ourselves to please our Good Shepherd - we can't. In order to hear and obey, we must receive the promised new heart of Ezekiel 36:26 by the work of the subsequently indwelling Holy Spirit (cf. John 3:3). 

Disclaimer: though I am a Protestant, I seek to write not (merely) from that perspective, but from an orthodox (in the wider sense) Christian perspective that includes the Catholic view. (as well as Eastern Orthodox etc.) If I have not faithfully done that, I welcome any correction. Whether a person is born again or not, his need remains the same—he must learn the truth of God from Scripture. Paul’s advice about how to approach those who teach false doctrine gives us guidance: “The Lord’s bond-servant must not be quarrelsome, but be kind to all, able to teach, patient when wronged, with gentleness correcting those who are in opposition, if perhaps God may grant them repentance leading to the knowledge of the truth, and they may come to their senses and escape from the snare of the devil, having been held captive by him to do his will” (2 Timothy 2:24–26). (source) That is a very limited and inadequate picture of what Jesus has done in our place. 

• He will come to live in you by the power and presence of the Holy Spirit living in your human spirit, once again making you alive to God. (Rom. 8:14-16.) (Note: You are encouraged to look up these Scriptures if you have a Bible. Let the Word of God convince you.) Leaving aside the second part of the equation dealing with Church organization and priesthood ordinances, how exactly do Latter Day Saints believe the principles of the gospel were corrupted? Can a sheep become a goat again and keep changing back and forth? I don't believe so - the Bible gives us overwhelming promises that our Good Shepherd will never leave us nor forsake us (cf. Matthew 28:20) and that "He who has begun a good work in you will complete it until the day of Jesus Christ" (Philippians 1:6). So there is no indication that such a thing as 'losing your sheepiness' (and becoming a goat again) is possible, however we are solemnly warned against 'making shipwreck of our faith' (cf. 1 Timothy 1:19) and that: A2. It is critically important - our understanding of the gospel would be seriously undermined without it. 

An extremely simple argument for this sense is to consider the following two questions: 

James 4:2 says you have not because you ask not. Ask Jesus into your heart; ask Him to forgive your sins. He will forgive you, and He will come to live in your spirit. Your spirit will come alive to God. Here is a sample prayer you may pray. However, I encourage you to pour your heart out to God in your own way. These issues are not exactly new - in fact they've been around since the early church and in particular the days of Montanus - but more recently following the Charismatic renewal and especially the Third Wave Movement, criticism has been far more vocal, forceful and organized. One of the most prominent critics at the centre of this 'push back' is John McArthur whose 1993 book Charismatic Chaos argued for an acceptance of Cessationism and corresponding rejection of Charismatic theology and practice. More recently (Ocotber 2013), McArthur hosted the Strange Fire Conference dedicated to this purpose. Of particular relevance to your question is the following question and answer posted on this site: