A Version excluding many "bad things" could be find in Sunan abi Dawod or al-Adab-Al Mufrad from Imam al Bukhari or Sunan at-Timridi all narrated by Aisha. 

Ibn hajjar al-'Asqalani concluded with a more general statement in his fath al-Bari (again my own translation): 

So this doesn't really clearly answers the Question whether he could read and write at some time of his life or not! 

If you mean when the Quran was completely revealed and settled by the scribes of the Prophet () and memorizers among the sahaba with the content we know today. Then the answer is simple it was fully revealed before the death of Muhammad (). Source see for example this hadith of abu Hurrairah and this of 'Aishah. 

This is one out of many ahadith showing that the Prophet () even kept trading (either) by himself (or via intermediate or by hiring) after the first revelation. 

(which apparently is not approved by shi'a according wikipedia) 

So the Quran has been transmitted through the time by oral memorization and recitation on a hand of Scholars beginning with the Sahaba (May Allah be pleased with them) and not through a book (even today), and those who learned the Quran only through books are not accepted as teachers of a reading if their Reading isn't approved by a Sheikh/Scholar who has a direct Narration chain until our Messenger (peace be upon him)! 

Also read in sahih al-Bukhari: in the book of tafsir the hadith of Anas quoted above. 

But the strongest assumption we can make is that her behavior can be explained by her love towards her husband or the fact that in Jahilya women apparently disliked to come in charge of a new husband when having children from a former husband or the fear not to care for her new husband or the kid of her former husband. 

The third verse (66:4) indicates that Gabriel (Jibreel) is a protector of the Prophet() beside the righteous believers! 

Al-Qassy: are clothes mixed with silk lines 

This clearly says that Muhammad was hired to carry merchandise for Khadija. read Also in the above mentioned biography of the Prophet by ibn Ishaaq the pages 82 ff. 

which means she became halal or free (to marry) and should explain that her 'idah has ended. (see also here) 

In this Verse Allah reveals religious favors (Prophets) and material favors. 

In the known mu'allaqa of Tarafa the poet -whom in my opinion used many words of wisdom which seem to go along with many teachings of Islam- said/wrote the verse saying: 

Why do we use different phrases for different prophets?? 

How to understand this hadith? 

Some of the tales you may find in tabaqat ibn Sa'ad or Sirat ibn Hiasham which includes ibn Ishaq's maghazi say that the naming of her son has been revealed to her and her husbands father so instead of Naming Muhammad after one of his died sons, he accepted to name him Muhammad, also it was quoted that she felt an easy pregnancy and has seen some light when he was born. So maybe this is why she kept or was attached to her son and didn't think of marrying again. And a stronger reason maybe that his father's family toke care of her and her son, as her family if I'm not totally wrong was settled in Yatrib/Medina. 

Note that al-Bukhari and Muslim have compiled a similar hadith on the authority of ibn 'Abbas, which sounds more strict (here for example in sahih al-Bukhari). 

While a group is a walk around for such a case: 

What the scholars say based on some narrations 

Written Quran fragments written by scribes during the lifetime of the Prophet (peace be upon him) 

Note a son of the former husband always remains for the step-father and his wife (the biological mother of the son) a kind of "memory" of her former marriage. So these kinds of relationships are always delicate! Also have in mind the financial dependency on the step-father, which might become harder for a growing young boy once he would be adolescent, especially if the step-father disliked his step-son and always pointed at this (see also the reasons of 1.). 

You may read this in any book on seerah (the biography of the prophet) such as seerat ibn Hisahm or ar-Raheeq al-Makhtoom (For details read pages 411 ff.) etc.. 

here are some examples of the sunna: 

On the illiterates of the Prophet 

The first verse (2:97) is indicating that Jibreel or Gabriel has revealed the Qur'an or transmitted it to Muhammad (). This should be an important remark here! 

This can also be concluded for example from the wording of this hadith from sunan an-Nasa-i: 

To answer the rest of your questions briefly: 

See also Did Prophet (PBUH) never laugh after revelation of verses 59-60 of Surat An-Najm?