The reasons other players will lend a hand to help other players up are professionalism, courtesy, sportsmanship (for the players on the other team), and teamwork (for the players on his own team). A team entering the playoffs in a year that its stadium was hosting the Super Bowl has happened 7 times: Any team that would move to LA would need a new stadium; a team would not move there to play at the Coliseum, the Rose Bowl, or any other old stadium in the area. This is a hurdle, as both the Rams and the Raiders were unable to get a stadium built. As time passes, it will be more likely that funding for a new stadium will be able to be obtained. As you said, Los Angeles is the second largest city in the US, so it seems ridiculous that they do not have an NFL team. There are lots of opinions as to why this is the case. However, they clarified that the Lambeau Leap would still be allowed, as long as it was one player only that jumped. Essentially, the Leap was grandfathered in as a celebration. The goal post dunk was also grandfathered in at the time, but in 2014 that was banned as well. If a kickoff is caught by a receiving team player, the spot of his possession is the point at which the impetus of the kickoff ends and he is able to initiate forward progress. This includes the end zone area. For example, if a player catches the kickoff at the 1, runs back to the -2, then advances, the spot of possession is the 1. If a player catches the kickoff at the 1, but retreats to the -2 because the impetus of the kickoff requires him to do so, the spot of possession is the -2. (NOTE, “spot of possession” is defined differently here than in the playing rules.) The NFL treats this statistic slightly differently, described in the NFL Guide for Statisticians (PDF). First, they specify that the return does not start until the "impetus of the kickoff ends and he is able to initiate forward progress." Second, they do not have the exception for balls caught in the endzone, so it is possible to have kick returns longer than 100 yards. (Thanks, New-To-IT, for reminding me of this in the comments.) The offense has to coordinate several things in order to make a successful play. The play caller (usually the head coach or offensive coordinator) needs to select a play from the sidelines and communicate that play to the quarterback, usually via a headset radio. The quarterback then has to communicate that play to the rest of the offense, usually verbally in a huddle. Finally, the quarterback may need to change the play at the line, which he communicates by yelling an audible call to the team. Before this year, it was debatable whether or not a Lambeau Leap-style celebration was within the rules at other stadiums. Players have attempted it in other stadiums, and it is usually not flagged, as long as it follows all the other rules (no props, no groups). With the new rule changes, a Lambeau Leap-style celebration should be allowed now in any stadium without question. A kickoff return begins at the spot where a receiving team player first gains possession of the ball, and then attempts to advance the ball. In order for this particular tie breaker to be enforced, there needs to be a minimum of 4 games with common opponents between the two teams. If they don't have at least 4 common games, this tie breaker gets skipped. During the Super Bowl LI last night, the FOX commentators mentioned that a punt has never been returned for a touchdown during a Super Bowl. My first thought was of Desmond Howard in Super Bowl XXXI, but my wife reminded me that that was a kickoff return, not a punt return. (She was absolutely right, as usual.) That 99-yard kickoff return for a touchdown helped earn Howard the Super Bowl MVP that year. It turns out that a Super Bowl kickoff return score has happened at least one more time, during Super Bowl XLVII (for 108 yards!).