Is there a difference between sunna and nafl? 

In his version of the hadith at-Tirmdihi he discussed this issue to some extent, he also quoted what was narrated on the authority of ibn Masu'd () who used to pray four raka'a before jumu'ah and four after the prayer (this view was considerd by ibn al-Mubarak and sufyan a-Thawri). While it was narrated that Ali ibn Abi Talib () used to order to pray first two raka'a and then four raka'a after jumuah. Ishaq and later ibn Taymiyyah said: If he prayed in the mosque he should pray four raka'a and when he prays at home two. 

Catching Salat just before the last word of last Salam 

As you see covering your face doesn't have strong backup in Allah's shari'a. 

There's also the hadith of abu Humaid al-Sa'idi (in sunan abi Dawod): In ahadith niyyah is also quoted for example in sahih al-Bukhari and sahih Muslim on the authority of 'Omar ibn al-Khattab(), in sahih Muslim on the authority of abu Hurairah (), in sahih a al-Bukhari on the authority of ibn 'Abbas () and others. 

To me it is strange how or why scholars often start the Issue of hijab/niqab etc. or any kind of covering the body using the verse (24:31)... the verse itself shows that it is only the 2nd part of a message while the earlier part is revealed one verse before (24:30) and addresses men not women! Why? Maybe because men are the stronger part in this "equation" so if they don't stare at what they shouldn't and wouldn't see if they lower their gaze, the chance for anything sinful to happen (at least by force) is much lower! See also: Is there a sunnah prayer before salat aljumua (Friday prayer)?? Note: the last few sentences of OP'S question is a bit ambiguous, so I guess that there might be a point which is still missing. While the maliki school and the 2nd opinion in the hanbali school say there's no such a sunnah ratiba before the jumua'h prayer. 

And when you have completed the prayer, remember Allah standing, sitting, or [lying] on your sides. ... (4:103) 

Basically the main view of the madhhab is the same as the maliki view, which is also the opinion of ibn Taymiyyah and ibn al-Qayyim. I want to ask: What is the wisdom behind going to the Eid prayer from one path and returning from another if any? as Allah wants us to be humbly submissive during prayer (23:2). 

Well you should know that in Islam we have five fard or obligatory prayers which are well defined (amount of raka'a etc.). 

Ibn abi Shaybah in his book has two chapters one quoting ahadith and narrations of qabd and others of irsaal! In which you may find that such people as Abullah ibn az-Zubair, ibn al-Mussyaib, ibn Sireen, al-Hassan al-Basri, Sa'id ibn Jubayr whom followd the later. Many of the qabd narrations seem to confirm that some scholars disliked forms of qabd because that looked like the way people of the book used to do, among them Mujahid (see here in Arabic) And always have in mind the hadith saying: This hadith is even suggesting to pray a set of 4 raka'a... note that scholars consider many of the narrators in the chain as not trustworthy! The other difference to any other prayer is that following the recommendation of the Prophet () to perform takbir during the day of Eid and the days of tashreeq (11th, 12th, 13th dhil Hijja) and that also being a sunnah we add some additional takbirs in the standing positions right before reciting al-Fatiha. 

And here's a fatwa defending the view of Imam Ahamad and the salafis saying it is the only correct view. First of all the prayer in congregation and in a mosque is considered by some scholars as a fard (mandatory) for each man who can follow the call of the prayer and isn't hindered by a disease to go and join it. So if you are living 2 min away from the mosque and have no physical prevention, you should go and pray at a mosque (See for example this hadith from sahih Muslim about praying at a mosque is following the sunah while praying a prayer at home is not, and this hadith about the blind man who asked whether he can pray at home from sahih Muslim). So from this point of view this people are sinning if they don't attend any congregation at the mosque even if they live only 2 min away from it, and don't have any health reasons not to attend them. And at least (assuming this isn't fard/farz) they will miss a lot of tawab by missing congregation prayers. 

The major difference between Eid prayers and Jumu'ah is that the sermon of the Eid prayer is performed after the prayer, while in Jum'ah it is done prior to the prayer this is the sunnah. Some sunni reports say that Marwan tried to change it because people were leaving the prayer place after he lead the prayer, but the sahaba refused to change the sunnah (see in sahih al-Bukhari and sahih Muslim)! 

Also irsaal was widely confirmed by the Imam's of shi'a even if ibn Shaybah here presents an opposite narration on the authority of 'Ali ibn abi Talib as an interpretation of verse 2 from surat al-Kawthar (see here in Arabic). 

Imam abu Hanifa and some other Kufi scholars and al-Muzni (student of a-Shafi'i) said he is neither considered as kafir nor should the authorities take his life, but he should be jailed until he prays. 

On the other hand we'll have to know that the prayer of funeral is considered a fard kifya which means if some did it this would be sufficient and others wouldn't be regarded as sinners if they don't do.