If I remember correctly, the Estates General was called as a "Hail Mary" play - get the largest possible buy in to the emergency measures necessary to keep the country from disintegrating into anarchy. Yes, absolutely. The Federalist /Anti-Federalist controversy went far beyond the issues you cite. The founders feared a tyrannical central government - the writings of Jefferson, Madison and Monroe are particularly clear on this point. 

Jack Rakove has splendid series of lectures on itunes that expands on @Samuel Russell's distinction between "resource extraction" and "Settler" societies, and compares the approach of French and English settler societies. The lectures hint at much deeper and broader scholarship, but (a) it is difficult to cite a podcast as precisely as a literary source (b) he is providing context prior to the real meat of the lecture and (c) it has been a few years since I listened to them. With those caveats in mind, those lectures and the associated course material may be helpful in further researching the answer. 

This month's History Extra (sorry paywall, although there is a free podcast). Contains a very interesting story about Asian participation in WWII. All of Asia knew that they needed to participate in the victory to be a party to the peace. China was too weak a state to negotiate meaningful participation; Siam (Thailand) was a stronger, more effective partner. 

Inflation is perceived as good for the debtor; the value/denomination of the debt remains constant while the value of the currency in which the debt is repaid is diminished. Since there is more money in circulation, there is more money with which to repay the debt. 2) Greek Democracy fell to the Macedonians, although a more full discussion would include that (a) the Greeks abandoned democracy themselves more than once, and (b) Greek Democracy was actually an oligarchy - voting rights were invested in a small minority of the inhabitants. If I research the legal status of Kosovo with an intent to determine how a fully independent Kosovo will affect my country, I'm doing politics. If I research the legal status of Kosovo with an intent of understanding the effect of the status of Kosovo on the evolving definition of a nation-state, then I'm probably doing history. 

The reason for the meeting was finance. I don't have that research to hand, but France was absolutely screwed for finance. They had a structural deficit and had tried everything (including inventing entirely new and fantastic monetary systems, firing successive finance ministers, etc. There wasn't a mechanism to levy new taxes or to change the allocation of existing taxes. It had been tried, and internal inertia and hostile stakeholders had ruined the effort (Imagine that every bureacrat in France was [Ted Cruz], 2).