A government official stepping down from a position due to allegations which make them appear untrustworthy is not a criminal proceeding. So this directive does not apply. 

Roughly speaking, lobbying is when any non-politician tries to influence the opinion of politicians. 

Let's say you would like your favorite forest to be declared a national park. What would you do? You could write a letter to the responsible politicians and ask them to do this. This is a form of lobbying. However, as a Joe Average, it is unlikely that they will listen to you. 

But keep in mind that EU directives themselves are not laws. It is up to the member states to make laws which implement the goals of the directive. It is not uncommon for individual EU nations to overshoot the EU demands and make laws which go further than demanded by an EU directive. So individual EU countries implementing said directive with a local law which also protects government officials from having to step down in case of allegations not yet proven by a court of law is conceivable. 

By the way, keep in mind that political parties are also legal persons. So if an office which is supposed to be personalized would be open to legal people, then a whole political party as a legal person could run for that office, too. 

The question is not "When can you enforce your laws on your land?", the question is "When can you prevent the United Kingdom from enforcing their laws on your land?". That's the case if any of these is true: 

•Offense of a group of people, of any nation, race, religion, sex, orientation etc. 

But as you can read here, this directive does explicitly apply to official press releases by the government. So now if a head of government wants a minister to resign, they may no longer say "I asked [Minister] to resign because we believe he is guilty of corruption", they would have to say "I asked [Minister] to resign because the recent allegations of corruption have destroyed the public trust". The phrasing is different, but the effect is the same. 

Because one death is a tragedy but 1000 deaths are a statistic*. Civil rights movements which want to achieve a change often use appeals to emotion. 

No matter how broad your definition of "person" or "citizen": A corporation is founded, not naturally born, so this already disqualifies a legal person from presidency. 

The idea of lobbying itself isn't inherently undemocratic. A politician should not just follow their gut instinct but should consider all the conflicting interests before making their decision. Meeting with people who represent these interests is a useful way to ensure that this happens. 

But when a well-known environmental group, like Greenpeace or the World Wildlife Foundation, would ask for it, they might pay more attention. Such non-governmental organizations (NGOs) usually have established contacts with politicians to tell them their opinion about current events, and the politicians usually take concerns from such organizations seriously. First, because they know such organizations have experts on their pet issue who usually are aware of the full ramifications of their proposal, and second because NGOs represent not just a single voter, but the interests of all their members and often a much larger number of non-member sympathizers they would be able to mobilize against politicians who act against their interests. This allows such groups to engage in lobbying much more efficiently than private people could.