Of course, mathematics is still considered a separate science, but its definition differs from the characteristics above. Secondly, today the original domain of physics comprises all natural sciences. Kant, Immanuel: Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science (German: Metaphysische Anfangsgründe der Naturwissenschaft) (1786) Ad 2. In a religious the model is always combined with a personal creator. The model has been packed up by Christian mythology. In cosmology it is one of the favoured models since the investigation of the accelerated cosmological expansion. The latter is ascribed to the “dark energy”. For each of these propositions Kant gives a "proof". To answer your question: It is not human progress which reduces individuals to Nietzsche's last men. The reason is that the LAST MAN Probably today's main border is between the humanities and natural science. But interdisciplinary work becomes more and more important. E.g. in the domain of cognitive science, some researchers vote for cooperation even across this border. Ad 3 and 4. I do not know a representative of this type of model. First I would like to state explicitly several cosmological models which relate to your question: Added. One can freely download Kant's work as http://www.earlymoderntexts.com/assets/pdfs/kant1786.pdf https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gravitational_lens#/media/File:A_Horseshoe_Einstein_Ring_from_Hubble.JPG Nietzsche introduces the last man in the prologue, chapter 5, of Nietzsche, Friedrich: Thus Spoke Zarathustra. Obviously in mathematics the only method is to prove the conjecture - or to disprove it by generating a counter example. But in science one cannot prove general results. A finite number of confirmed cases does not increase the probability that the general result is true. That's the problem of induction. An electron orbiting the nucleus changes permanently the direction of its velocity, which means a permanent acceleration. According to Maxwell's theory of electrodynamics an accelerated electron creates an electromagnetic radiation which carries away energy from the electron. Hence the electron looses permanently energy. As a consequence it approaches an orbit nearer to the nucelus and finally rushes into the nucleus. I cannot decide whether the philosophical community takes an indenpendent stance to decide between the different models. Eventually, metaphysical discussions on cosmology terminate with the final question cited above. Today his claim is rejected by the scientific community. Today's science is much more cautious. As you write, science always starts by observation and experiment. All general knowledge is considered hypothetical. It can be confirmed by observation but not proved. It can can always be refuted by new experiments. Then the underlying theory has to be improved or replaced by a new theory. Since the advent of quantum mechanics we know that observation of microphysical effects may disturb the mind-independent reality in an unpredicitible way. As a consequence our knowledge resulting from a single observation is restriced by Heisenberg uncertainty relations. According to Popper our scientific theorems are hypotheses. One should create hypotheses which are testable. A test can confirm or refute a hypothesis. In the latter case, the hypothesis is false and we need a better hypothesis. But even a confirmed hypothesis is not proved. We do not know whether it is true. Hence Popper replaces proof by falsifcation. Many great mathematicians have been people of faith. Pascal and Descartes, two giants of the field, are merely the first that come to mind. And all the way back to Pythagoras, the "mysterious" qualities of math (how it all fits together, seemingly by itself, and how mathematical entities seem to have their own independent existence) have attracted those of a mystical frame of mind. It is even the case that Platonic idealism, which posits the real existence of non physical entities, still has a following among mathematicians, although it is largely discounted elsewhere. If that evidence was less than sure, it would reduce the probability of your theory being true by the same amount as your theory was committed to E. You might consider philosophy as the study of all methods of reasoning. Every major philosopher has his or her own original method, which forms part of the core of what makes that philosophy distinctive. However, it is true that most of us take most of science on testimony. The question for your interlocutors is what skeptical argument are they raising that doesn't apply generally to science. (How do we know the sun is a giant ball of gas at a great distance in space? How do we know nothing travels faster than light? How do we know a neutral carbon atom has four valence electrons? Most of us are not in a position to evaluate any of those claims directly.) If they are not willing to believe that all science is just a vast conspiracy, then they owe you a (non-political) explanation for why their standards of proof are so different in this one particular case.