Edit: I also don't think they would have thrown away a pair of carriers (you need to send two so that an accident doesn't abort the whole mission) and their escorts and aircrew as the opening shot of a war. They didn't engage in suicide tactics until they were clearly loosing and the situation was desperate. 

For both organisations, their advantage is that it's easier to integrate their officers into the larger uniformed services than civilians. This is useful in wartime: essentially, they provide reserves of scientifically trained officers for the military. Other countries use more normal military reserve services, or commission civilians when necessary. The drawback is that the government can't get rid of them so easily as civilian staff, when it wants to. 

This has some surprising advantages. It is far easier to create a constitutional crisis than is the case under a formal constitution, which means that everyone is careful not to do it and a degree of consensus is maintained, which limits the scope for abuse of power. The constitution can also change gradually, by consensus, and changes that don't work can be reversed easily. And being literal-minded about the constitution, or anything else, just isn't respectable. 

The USPHS Commissioned Corps descends from the Marine Hospital Service, which was first set up in 1798 to provide medical care to seamen, including naval personnel from 1799. In 1870, it was re-organised as the Marine Hospitals Service, whose first chief was Dr John Maynard Woodworth. He wanted his doctors to be a mobile work force, to be stationed wherever they were needed, and mandated uniforms. As a federal health-care organisation, the MHS' remit expanded in many cases where the federal government needed to provide medical services. Since their hospitals were in major ports, they became responsible for quarantine and other public health functions. In 1912, they became the Public Health Service. Their hospitals began to close after budget cuts during the Nixon administration, and are all gone now. The Commissioned Corps has survived as a public health organisation, and as a provider of medical staff to the other uniformed services. 

"Maximum depth" for a submarine is a slightly complicated concept. There is "test depth", the depth the submarine is definitely capable of achieving without being damaged, and there is "crush depth" the depth at which the pressure hull collapses. Since that will depend on the weakest point in the hull, a submarine captain does not know what his exact crush depth is. He knows what safety factor the boat was designed for over its test depth, but he doesn't know if the hull has weak points. Assuming there are none would be unwise. 

Are there objective statistical studies on this issue? Jarvis' words sound like fine rhetoric but I find it suspicious that he carefully eschews quoting any figures. 

UPDATE Another influential historian who espoused similar views was Ulrich Phillips: 

Gail Jarvis, in an encomium to the Dunning School writes: 

For the USA, I guess the information is reasonably googlable. But as for the USSR, I wish to point out that the answer is: 0, both substantively and formally. 

UPDATE: I found a 1947 election poster for the "bloc". 

(2) Formally: The "independent" candidates were actually running as part of a "Communist and Party-less Bloc" (which pretty much covers all bases). So even if they were not card-carrying members of the CPSU they were elected to the Supreme Soviet on behalf of the CPSU. I couldn't find an English reference to the bloc, but here is a Russian one from the Big Soviet Encyclopedia itself. 

UPDATE: More evidence: a booklet, published in 1954, titled "The Indestructible Bloc of the Communists and the Party-less". Published by the State Press for Political Literature. 

However, I have received a different impression from my reading so far. In particular, if slavery was really fizzing out by itself, how to explain the Kansas–Nebraska Act and the Dredd Scott decision which are usually understood as the slavers' onslaught? 

EDIT: The second source I gave is a contemporary, 1937, official propaganda press release about the elections. Curiously, it was published in a physics journal (and presumably, in other journals as well). The following passage is telling: 

This is a very interesting question. I tried to track down references to this phenomenon and so far I found one, in a book by Caroline Kirkland: here on p.13 in a story called Land Fever a character says "Well! you're a land-shark, then - swallowin' poor men's farms." Seems like O. Henry was describing a fairly common occurence. 

So, the deputies formed an "iron cohort of Party and non-Party Bolsheviks". I think it proves beyond any doubt that the "independents" were just as beholden to the party as the formally party men. 

(1) Substantively: Clearly, no one who was really opposed to the CPSU was allowed to come within a shout of any political office.