This is well-known in ethics, but not as a flaw of argumentation, rather as the problem of causal resposibility. The problem is thorny because drawing the line depends on resolving highly controversial issues in ethics and metaphysics, free will, attribution of agency, efficacy of proximate vs mediate causes, etc. Sartorio's Causation and Responsibility and Del Coral's Social Commitment and Responsibility are recent works that discuss it. As for hedonism, that is cold, very. In Nietzsche's picture hedonism is a sign of decadence. "An overman as described by Zarathustra, the main character in Thus Spoke Zarathustra, is the one who is willing to risk all for the sake of enhancement of humanity. In contrast to the "last man" whose sole desire is his own comfort and who is incapable of creating anything beyond oneself in any form", see Nietzsche's Idea of an Overman and Life from His Point of View. If a hedonist is Nietzsche’s anything it would be the last man, not the Übermensch. Urstad concurs: So disobeying a law, in and of itself, is not immoral, it could even be immoral not to do so, if it is particularly unjust (probably not in this case). But also conversely, if the law is ethically sound the fact that it is not legally binding in one's country does not make breaking it ethical. Here is from Watkin's commentary on Johannes the Seducer in Kierkegaard’s View of Death: See also Kirk's Meaning of Justice. SEP has a nice article on Spinoza's Theory of Attributes. [...] The standard objections include (1) the problem of justification, (2) the problem of status, (3) the problem of indeterminate authorization, (4) the problem of relatedness, (5) the problem of suitability, (6) the problem of duration and breadth, and (7) the problem of rights type. As I will now argue, though, none of these standard objections is compelling." Equating reason, virtue, and happiness is the hallmark of moral intellectualism, “one will do what is right or best just as soon as one truly understands what is right or best”. One can find aspects at odds with this position already in Plato's own Chariot Allegory: Kant's key objection to the ontological argument was that existence is not a predicate. So it's the existence of a being which is predicated on what it is taken to be, its essence, not the other way around. Morality may be essential to somebody's concept of God, but not to somebody else's, so presented with God's existence question in a world ruled by an evil being they will answer it differently. Basically, Nietzsche offers his perspective as his own and argues that it is the "right" one for his kind of man at his time, not a universal "truth" for all times. Indeed, the "truth" of his Zarathustra is far from that of the historical Zoroaster, who he nonetheless chose to voice it. Because, as he writes in Ecce Homo: The latter idea of distributive justice is discussed by Aristotle in Nicomachean Ethics, who rephrases it in terms of distributive "equality by merit" (and is contrasted with the "rectificatory" justice). His argument is a bit more pragmatic, advancing social harmony and citing the existing consensus: