Note: Just don't depend on JavaScript and HTML, always have a server side validation to ensure that user didn't posted any malicious input. Javascript can be disabled and user can misuse by adding any text in the textbox, but there is no other way you can stop him, so keep a server side check as well. 

This confuses the user whether the text in the bar is typed, or it's a placeholder text (Even if I changed the text color to light grey), I don't want to use unnecessary JavaScript or jQuery for this, I want to know if there's some HTML/CSS solution for this 

Ok so this is really getting frustrated for me here, first of all if my question framing is wrong please do edit it(if you think so)...and ok, as my screens will explain you, but still I would like that my element should stay in a specific shape and not to rotate along with the animation, am missing something really stupid thing? 

From here onwards please ignore if you cannot use jQuery, say suppose you have an using jQuery library you can simply add the snippet to that JS file.... 

From W3C : 2 Module Interactions 

Demo (Without the above selector, see that red line?) 

I've being trying this since 3-4 days but am not able to get how do I make this animation, not even sure whether is possible to make one like this using only CSS3? 

As you commented that you will like to disable the text selection as well, so that users don't get confused, you can also use CSS positioning techniques here, as you said that intended users are of Chrome only, so there is not much of cross browser issue, so you can do something like this... 

This allows each radio button to be labeled while also providing a label for the group as a whole. This is especially important where assistive technology (such as a screen reader) is being used where the association of the controls and their legend cannot be implied by visual presentation. 

Because they are HTML elements like any other and there is no reason to write special case rules in the HTML specification (which would add complexity) to prevent CSS from applying to them. 

Any element can be styled. Take, for example: 

This isn't defined in any specification (including the HTML5 draft) 

There is space below that line for the descenders you find on letters like f, j, p and q. 

If you want to state that a document is written in Spanish then use: 

This is a poor man's version of a real HTTP header and should really be expressed in the headers. For example: 

Yes. Only comments and the end tag for the html element are allowed after the end tag for the body. 

Attributes are defined by HTML. Properties are defined by DOM. 

EDIT: I now have this: http://jsfiddle.net/cGZxv/115/ What if I want to get rid of container div and just use "document"? Is there a cleaner way to do this? 

http://jsfiddle.net/cGZxv/114/ 

EDIT: The buttons in the corner will not be submitting the search. The go button would still be clicked to submit it. 

I made this one as basic as possible and should 100% fit your needs now. 

So, I'm playing around with an idea I have. What I want to accomplish is to have a 6x6 table, and as you hover over a cell, it will change the BODY background color. I plan on only applying this to select cells in this table. 

Final Edit: http://jsfiddle.net/7Dr2S/6/ 

EDIT: Okay, so I have learned that you cannot apply pseudo elements to inputs as they are technically empty. What would be the best work around that would involve not changing the inputs? I'm open to jQuery options. 

NOTE: This looks similar to a previous question I have posted, but is about another issue. 

So, I'm working on a little project when I'm bored at work. It isn't meant to be anything serious and I'm teaching a bit of javascript, jquery, html and css as I go (Thanks to you fine folks of course). This part I can't figure out, or find anything about. 

As of right now, I have it working with a single div. After a lot of googling and searching on StackOverflow, I can't for the life of me get it working with a table. 

As of right now, I have a form that when you type in, and press go, it will search google. I plan on having it so I can click one of four buttons (located on each corner of the page) and it will change where it searches when you submit. Here is the code for my form. 

I've been playing around with some code I have found online, and I almost have it where I want it. I just can't figure out how to accomplish the last part. In this JSfiddle: 

All you should need to add is this: 

I'm using Jquery.dotdotdot and have managed to remove/add truncation with a Read More, 

My page is: http://afrohorse.netau.net/ 

I'm open to jQuery, javascript, or pure CSS solutions, whatever would work the easiest.