In order to see more related explanation about the commentary of that, you can read the text below: Initially let’s see what is considered as 3Talaqah (3-divorced) from the view of Shia. Apparently, from the viewpoint of Shiite, 3-Talaqah ought to be performed in three separated times. Actually it doesn’t mean that it would be happened if you repeat it 3 times. As far as I know, giving an amount of money to someone or even companies or other job by the intention of obtaining solely interest would not be Halal. because perhaps we can term it as Riba (interest). Since you pay a specific amount of money that you constantly obtain interest, not disadvantage. So it could be considered as Riba. Then as far as I know, you should write a contract that you be partner in both interest and disadvantage, not solely in the interest. Briefly speaking, as the answer of your query as you asked: Therefore not only it doesn’t mention it as a forbidden issue, but also it has pointed as a suitable practice by using Henna. Accordingly apparently you could be able to use it. There are some items as the conditions of divorce (Talaq) which ought to be observed. One of the mentioned items is that the man should do it optionally (not by force…). Actually according to the issue above, **it won’t be a correct divorce, because some people forced him to divorce. ** [2] -Makarem Shirazi, Naser, Ta’liqat Alaa al-Urwat al-Wuthqa, Nikah (Marriage)… Or for instance in Surah Toba:103, Allah tells the prophet that: Note: I am looking for Shia view 3: The suitor considers that the girl won't reject him 2: Its intention is figuring out regarding her defects or beauty Or according to the viewpoint of Grand Ayatollah Khamenei (as a famous Marja'al-taqlid of Shia Islam): It is true as you mentioned that it forbids killing believers ... but this verse can be related to common situation (about believers, and has not mentioned the exceptions and actually is deemed as a general issue), and in truth it is not related/mention the ones who do specific activities that are horrible haram activities (whose punishments are execution ...). Actually the man utters the sentence above (note: He must name her wife instead of the word FOLAN at the mentioned phrase). And it does not behoove a believer to kill a believer except by mistake: al-Khata' (mistake) has no elongation; to read it with elongation (al-khata') is wrong; here it gives a meaning opposite of 'intentionally', as the following verse (And whoever kills a believer intentionally...) shows. "It does not behoove" in this verse denotes negation of demand or requisition. For instance, it would be Haram for a person if he/she works in a company that product beer, because it is a Haram drink. Finally I would like to point at a chapter in the Regulation and this is apparently the first Verse on this Issue as quoted in a hadith: -of course with details which could be find in ahadith (for example aunts of the wife, who are made haram for the husband unless he is legally separated from his wife)-. Usually you should know that scholars will in first place listen to the husband and ask him about the issue, as it's the husband who gives talaq. But that doesn't mean that he isn't lying or maybe he just forgot it. If stunning happens before the slaughtering then there are three cases: You already quoted 5:1 but if you go further you can read: So we are told that it would be revealed in the Quran what kind of flesh is lawful for us! In 5:3 you can read the kind of flesh which is prohibited: And it does not behoove a believer to kill a believer except by mistake: al-Khata' (mistake) has no elongation; to read it with elongation (al-khata') is wrong; here it gives a meaning opposite of 'intentionally', as the following verse (And whoever kills a believer intentionally...) shows. "It does not behoove" in this verse denotes negation of demand or requisition. Or for example, in above-mentioned work, if its movies are not permissible, then it couldn't be Halal... Even there are narrations which mention that: In regard to saying prayer in the places which are not too public, such as schools, hotels and so on, you ought to obtain the permission of its authorities. According to a general Islamic law, self-defense is considered as a Wajib (mandatory) practice. Then in the mentioned issue, you are allowed to throw stone at rabid dog. Of course you should pay attention that do the mentioned act in cases that you have no other chooses (such as escaping..), otherwise annoying animals would be considered as a bad practice (or even haram) in the cases which it is not emergency to ... Totally, money could be considered as all general instruments which are related to the measurement of the goods (with different values), such as metallic, papery and so forth. Tafseer-e-Nemune, Volume4, page103. According to the verdicts of almost all Maraaje’-Taqlid of Shia, it is not permissible to wear the mentioned types of clothes. For instance, you can see some of those verdicts in the following link (in Arabic): http://www.al-islam.org/jurisprudence-made-easy-ayatullah-ali-sistani/dialogue-najis-things According to Islam (Shia view), on the whole, speaking intimately(for marriage) will be permissible if: Your intention is serious(real) for the marriage, (of course solely at the level of acquaintance and also without the intention of pleasure, if he does not fear that he perhaps falls into a sin with her). As a result, in the mentioned way, you can talk to her with observation of the mentioned items.