I'd like to illustrate the situation before the introduction of scholarly journals with a couple of examples. 

The fact that the Scout movement also catered for girls widened its appeal, since many of the youth movements up to that point had been for boys only. As noted above, the Girl Guides were formed by Baden-Powell and his sister, Agnes, just months after the Boy Scouts Association. (Agnes Baden-Powell would lead the Girl Guides until 1918 when Olave Baden-Powell took over as Chief Guide.) 

However, any children from an annulled marriage would still be considered legitimate in every sense, unless this had been declared otherwise in law. As Harold J. Berman observed: 

An alternative is to join the Thames Discovery Programme and take advantage of their free (at the time of writing) training opportunities. You can then join them and carry out archaeological work on the foreshore under their licence. (Most of the time you can keep what you find - surface finds on the foreshore are unstratified and so provide little additional information. However, there are exceptions - especially if the find is designated as being one of National Importance!). 

Similarly, Dyeus did become Zeus and (probably) was venerated in prehistoric Ukraine. But there's nothing particularly Ukrainian about him, or the other Proto-Indo-European gods that went on to become Graeco-Roman/German/Slavic deities. Ukraine was simply one of the many regions (albeit probably an early one) where the ancient Indo-Europeans lived. 

All in all, absolutism did not really prevail in Europe until the Early Modern Period (even then, only briefly and to uncertain degrees). 

Nuptial patterns in colonial North America were also different from the colonists' Western European motherland. A lack of eligible women relative to available bachelors resulted in fierce competition for potential brides[10]. This led to a reduction of women's age at first marriage in the 17th century, though it gradually caught up to European norms as the colonies grew over the following centuries. 

One popular method of manufacturing shoes led to what is called turnshoes, so named because it was sewn inside out, then turned upright when finished. These used only a layer of leather and while primitive, remained in use for a long time. 

Poland wasn't actually "spared", it was merely less affected than the rest of Europe. That graphic is incorrect (or rather, incomplete), since a substantial number of both Poland and Milan's population did in fact die of the plague. Their death rates were only "low" in comparison to the rest of Europe - if it happened today, it would be horrifying to us. 

The Museum of London offers an "Object Identification" service for objects found in London. 

You might want to read Christopher Andrew's authorised history of the British Security Service, MI5: The Defence of the Realm. The book describes details of some of the activities of Bolshevik agents in the UK in the years following the First World War. 

If you are in the UK, but not in London, similar opportunities are available nationwide through the new CITiZAN (Coastal and Intertidal Zone Archaeological Network) Programme. 

Baden-Powell had been besieged in the town of Mafeking during the Second Boer War. He had formed the Mafeking Cadet Corps, which was a group of youths that supported the defending troops by carrying messages and similar tasks. This freed up men for military duties and kept the boys occupied during the prolonged siege. 

Scouting for Boys was originally published as a six-part series in 1908, and contained activities and programmes intended for use by existing youth organisations. It was an immediate success, but it seems that Baden-Powell had no intention of setting up a separate and distinct movement at that point. 

- Zuchora-Walske, Christine, Poland, North Mankato: ABDO Publishing, 2013. 

For reasons that remain unclear, the situation began to be reversed at some point during the High and Late Middle Ages. This gave rise to the curious nuptial phenomenon known as the northwestern European pattern, which has dominated Western Civilisation to this date. Proposed in his highly influential 1965 work[2] by John Hajnal, this paints a picture where both spouses married late and established their own households, independent of their parents. Another feature is that significant proportions of both men and women abstained from marriage completely. Under Hajnal's classification, this system prevailed west of an imaginary line running from Trieste to St Petersburg. 

On the topic of Britain, Strabo writes in his Geographica that: 

While the Dutch Republic was officially recognised as independent only in 1648, it was actually founded 80 years earlier by the Union of Utrecht of 1579. The Dutch provinces were largely autonomous even before they entered into open revolt, but the treaty laid down a constitutional foundation for a political union. By the time the United Provinces formally proclaimed independence by deposing King Phillip II via the Act of Abjuration in 1581, Spanish control was only backed by the force of arms beyond loyalist regions. 

The extent of the Dutch Republic upon founding in 1579. Light cyan marks early Spanish reconquest. 

- Clarke, Helen. The Archaeology of Medieval England. British Museum Publications, 1984. 

The new Dutch state was envisaged as a confederation of autonomous members. An old Burgundian institution, the States-General became its central government, with the Council of State as its executive. A prince, Francis of Anjou, was also secured to be the sovereign (though he soon crashed and burnt). Thereafter, the very fact that the United Provinces was able to prosecute an on-and-off war against the Spanish Empire for 80 years proves the the young Dutch republic was independent to all practical intents and purposes. The formal recognition by Spain in 1648 was no more than the Spanish Crown belatedly conceding defeat in the Dutch Revolt.