1 Nearly all men, Elijah and Enoch excepted. “Strange fire” is not defined explicitly, other than the typical meaning of strange or foreign. It was not what God told them to do. Considering the penalty, it was probably a direct violation of what God told them to do, as if they did it in some other manner than what was prescribed by God. Execution and Eternal Condemnation Do not equate execution with eternal condemnation. These are not necessarily the same. Death comes to all men1, regardless of their piety, and God executing someone need not be any different (in terms of final, eternal judgment) than God allowing them to die any other way. From the New Testament, they point to passages that suggest a fundamantal disunity between Jesus and God. It isn't sensible to think that God sleeps (as pointed out by @Mawia), nor does the text in Genesis 2:2 support such an idea. Some will argue that any time the Father knows something that Jesus doesn't, it makes no sense for Jesus to be God. Similarly, any time Jesus <verb> to the Father, such verbs are not reflexive and thus a trinitarian interpretation doesn't make sense. Some will assert that because every mention (or some sort of numerical majority) of God does not simultaneously mention Jesus and the Holy Spirit, the Biblical authors cannot be asserting trinity. Light and darkness are metaphors. Frequently, when the Biblical authors use light and darkness in this way, they are speaking of good and evil. "In him, there is no evil at all." Even though God knew that not everyone would choose to love him, he still wanted those who would love him to get to do so. God does make examples of disobedience in the early stages of introducing himself to Israel. Aaron's sons are one example, but there are others. The man who broke the Sabbath in Numbers 15 is another. God doesn't reside in the physical universe. Whether or not light existed in the universe is moot. God is spirit and does not live in the physical universe. When God created light, he created it in the physical universe. If it never existed before, then it was never needed before. If it existed in some other realm, it would still be "creating it" to speak it into existence in our world. The concept of light could have existed prior to its creation and God's action in Ge 1:3 would count as creating it, because it did not exist in this realm. So, even though God knew what choices we would make, if he actually wanted people to love him, then he had to give them the chance to do so. Otherwise, our entire existence would have been merely a thought experiment that didn't turn out well—but that's not why God created humanity. He wanted us to know and love him. I will propose an executive summary: the purpose of humanity1 is to know and love God. (Jn 17:3) The testimony of the Scripture is at least compatible with this idea, though I find more than just circumstantial evidence in support of it, what's written in the Bible does not say precisely that. Does God need light? God knows everything. He doesn't need light. "Darkness is as light to you." (Ps 139:12) Darkness doesn't make it any harder for God to know everything, and light doesn't make it any easier for him to know everything. Not-Biblical Some will argue that the word "trinity" is not used in the New Testament, and that the Trinity is not equated with God in the same way that Jesus is. God does not "dwell" in darkness, because he has never "dwelt" in this universe. Paul's desire was to go home to be with the Lord. He was, however, content to stay for the sake of serving others. Being blessed with a long life gives us more of an opportunity to glorify God, which is good for us, too. I can't argue from my own personal conviction, so these might not be the strongest arguments unitarians would assert. As much as it pains me not to offer the counterarguments, I will give them their say. Considering these words that Moses attributes to God himself, it might be safe to conclude that the punishment was commensurate with the offense. Some will assert that the idea was not present in the early church. Why Did God Create the Universe (or, at least, Humanity)? The answer to that will speak to your question about God's foreknowledge. I'm not certain what it would mean for my "(eternal) soul"/"living being"/"union of body and spirit" to be grieved. I think it makes much more sense to read his statement in a poetic sense, as: Some will also point to statements of Jesus submitting to the Father as proof of disunity. Ephesians 4:5-6 (NASB) one Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of all who is over all and through all and in all. 1 Timothy 2:5 (NASB) For there is one God, and one mediator also between God and men, the man Christ Jesus, ... Among the meanings of ψυχε (psuche, 5590; soul, life) is "the seat of the feelings, desires, affections, aversions (our heart, soul etc.)"