The major reason for Saudi Arabia to allow women to drive is politically driven and initiated by the U.A.E. (who have big influence on Saudi Arabian politics actually as the strongest economy among the Gulf Cooperation Council states (after "the expulsion" of Qatar)) who wants to present the actual crown prince and future king as a moderate and open minded Muslim leader. 

See also this relevant hadith: 

If it is slaughtered on his behalf on the fourth or eighth or tenth day, or after that, it is acceptable. 

But other Ahadith make clear that a divorced woman has more rights then her wali, while a virgin has less rights then her wali in choosing a husband or agreeing for marriage. 

This hadith shows that both options seem to have been witnessed, but the fact that the option of putting one hand on an other is secondly quoted might indicate that it was not the most common one! 

On the whole it is permissible to offer (and slaughter) the sheep (or any animal he would slaughter) on any other day but the most of the fatwas I've read so far say 'aqeeqah counts only in the 7th day. Here some statements form this fatwa (islamqa #175537): 

“The Companions of the Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) said: ‘O Messenger of Allah, what are these sacrifices?’ He said: ‘The Sunnah of your father Ibrahim.’ They said: ‘What is there for us in them, O Messenger of Allah?’ He said: ‘For every hair, one merit.’ They said: ‘What about wool, O Messenger of Allah?’ He said: ‘For every hair of wool, one merit.’” (Sunan ibn Majah and Musnad Ahmad) 

Please don't provide answers such as "call the authorities" as this -in my opinion- is a matter of course and has in first place nothing to do with the shari'a ruling. 

While imam Muslim also only compiled one single narration with weaknesses in his sahih on this matter: 

What are the views of the different sects and madhabs on when or from what moment on I'm allowed to break my fast (by eating etc.). 

Here are some Fatwas in English: 1 & 2 

In the last few years I've learnt that there's a difference among scholars about the amount of sermons or sermon parts of the khotba of the Eid's. Apparently some scholars hold the opinion that Eid prayer has only one single khotba while others say it's likewise to jumu'ah with two khotba parts. 

However sheik al-'Othaymen seems to hold a very different opinion: When asked how to solve the contradiction which comes due to the different qualifications of this hadith, earlier scholars have mostly considered it as da'if, while later scholars have qulaified it as sahih? 

"according to ibn Taymiya! while Imam a-Shafi'i said that he didn't know of any scholar pretending that a talaq (that occurred) without witnesses is haram!" 

As possible evidences he quotes the fact that according shari'a a woman shouldn't travel alone or receive any foreigner in her house without the presence of a mahram and ordered to veil her. (here an article in Arabic) One could add that leaving the house without the guardians permission is also not allowed. "And who knows what these "free driving" women will do and where they might go with a car"! 

The first thing which comes in mind is that it eventually may harm the lips to drink from a broken or cracked vessel and maybe some of the liquid wull run out on one's cloths and body. This is one of the first reasons quoted in commentary's of such a hadith like in 'Awn al-m'abud beside the fact that water or whatever one is drinking may run out and drops may fall on the person who drinks (in the comment literally: on his face) and his/her clothes as one the liquid would be hard to keep in such places on a vessel without running out etc. An other reason is that some have called it the seat of satan, the commentator here explained because such places on a vessel are hard to clean correctly so drinking from their may be with the lack of the needed purity and cleanness. 

This is also one interpretation of the second hadith from al-Muwatta'! 

Note that already in 2011 sheikh 'Aid al-Qarni has been quoted to say that basically that prohibiting women to drive in Saudi Arabia has no backup nor clear evidence in the shari'a texts. This was in a TV-Interview with al-Arabiya Channel after the arrest of the women's rights activist Manal al-Sharif in May 2011. He also quoted the example of the polemic about the education of girls which was launched in the kingdom in the era of king Faisal to compare it with the polemics about women's right to drive a car. (For details read the article in Arabic here) 

It would be nice if you could quote an evidence. 

So we are told that it would be revealed in the Quran what kind of flesh is lawful for us! In 5:3 you can read the kind of flesh which is prohibited: 

Then the dispute about the meaning of a general "statement" whether it applies or not so Shafi'i and the majority of the scholars of osol for example rejected the meaning taken in the second view as they considered this statement to be only a kind of a conjectural evidence not a positive proof. Which means it is general but doesn't mean all Muslims, rather than all present Muslims.