After reading the questions, I have one question: Are you serious? You want to sell cars, but you have no clue about the different brands, the different models, which series is very often in the garage, because it's crap, which cars are reliable even after 200,000km, what extra is worth paying for and why and and and. 

This is a method from Andreas Eschbach. If you know German, read the original text. I will only summarise it here: 

After reading the existing answers, I was puzzled even more. You do not know your market, you do not know your readers, but you want write for them? 

In contrast to others here, I don't think specific edit questions are appropriate for this site, so I will answer your question in a general (do-it-yourself) way: 

You cannot write in a genre, if you do not know the genre. Only exception: you invent your own genre. (And that's a questionable idea.) 

Who, who is right in his mind, would buy a car from you? 

The problem with this approach: you need regularly new test readers, because the old ones know too much. 

Then take your correction and read it aloud. Does it sound good? No? Change it! 

Are semicolons now only allowed in technical or academic writing? 

Huh? Her article continues to explain that Vonnegut was engaged in hyperbole, but it remains vague if he actually shunned the usage of semicolons when he stated this: 

This prompted me to do independent research to confirm her advice and I found this gem: 

I completed my novel and an editor friend graciously offered to assist me with formatting. As a former scientist, I am more familiar with technical or academic writing, so formatting fiction can be a challenge. My friend stripped out my semicolons and replaced most with a simple period. I asked why, was I using them inappropriately? I know they are used to separate independent but linking clauses, why make two short complete sentences when one will suffice? She laughed and said they are fine if you are a dead British writer, other than that they are used infrequently at best in modern fiction writing. Academics and technical writers are more prone to their usage by the nature of their writing. 

Specialist. Introduce a character whose vocation is to make sure mundane things remain mundane for everyone else. Plumbing is mundane… unless you’re a plumber. And it's less mundane to the plumber because the plumber must interact with it, must deal with the specific details of this specific plumbing. 

Disagreement. You can have characters argue about it. They might disagree about: 

Omit it. Finally, an easy, always-available option for avoiding info-dumps: Omit the information. If nobody has to interact with it, if nobody has to deal with it, if nobody has an opinion about it, if it doesn't affect any characters' decisions, then it doesn’t matter to the story. If it doesn’t matter to the story, leave it out. 

Now we know the the person who just entered the room is Jeff's mother, and that Jeff and the speaker are newly married and on their honeymoon. 

There are likely other kinds of reactions that can help.