Water baptism is biblical, to be sure, commanded and sanctioned by the one in whose name Christians are baptized: God's intention from the beginning was for our first parents to live and experience life in one direction only; namely, the righteous direction. Before the fall, there was only one way in which to live life; after the fall, a second option came into being, and the sin which was introduced when Adam and Eve disobeyed God eventually became so evil at one point, that God destroyed the entire world with a flood--save for righteous Noah and his family. From the very first I have not spoken in secret; In conclusion, then, God stirred the spirit of a king and he stirred the mind of his chosen ones, his leaders of the Judahites and Benjamites to accomplish his purposes and plan. Very likely Isaiah 48:16 does not contribute to the teaching of the Scripture on the triune nature of God, but it does tell us that the LORD is sovereignly in charge of the affairs of men, and in particular "his people" (see Ezra 1:3). Noah's righteousness, however, reveals that the "good direction" still existed (and still does to this day), but for the human species to live consistently in that direction would occur in fits and starts. Today we call this process sanctification: being separated by God from the "evil direction" and then empowered by him to live victoriously (see Romans 7:25 ff.). This baptism is a baptism into Christ. Jesus calls us to be both discerning and wise, as well as innocent and blameless. Even when we are called before kings and governors, God will give us the right words to use, if we prayerfully and humbly allow Him to anoint our testimony for Him (vv.19,20). "'. . . and he who does not take his cross and follow after me is not worthy of me'" (Matthew 10:39, 40, my emphasis). As Peter reminds us, each believer is a living stone, just as Peter was, and we all are being Paradox Your question simply underscores one of many paradoxes in Scripture which are not easily--if ever--answered fully. The hypostatic union of divine and human is one of them. Another one is how the sinless, spotless Lamb of God could become sin for us; how the Just One could die for the unjust (1 Peter 3:18). We could go on to talk about other emotions which Scripture reveals to us about God, such as his compassion and tenderness, his joy and delight, his gracious and generous spirit, his kindness and gentleness, and so much more. The key, of course, is that God's emotions are never out of control, nor are they expressed sinfully as they are in his image-bearers.