The only other way I can think of to give the user the information is, well, not to give it. Have the characters act the way they would in an everyday situation where everyone knows the thing the audience doesn't, and the audience just has to come along for the ride and pick up the fact by context. 

When writing fiction, especially in universes other than our own such as sci-fi/fantasy genres, the reader often has to be given a piece of information about how the world works in order for what's coming up to make sense. However, this piece of information should be common knowledge to the characters in the story. 

Conceptually speaking, besides these devices, how do you give your audience information that they shouldn't have to ask for if they lived in the world of the story? 

"As you know...". This is basically lampshade-hanging; the characters know that each other should know what they're about to say, but they're going to say it anyway as a lemma to make their next points (and to get the reader up to speed). This is, IMHO, overused to a fault, and few screenwriters can get away with playing this trope straight anymore; they have to either "deconstruct" the lampshade, making an even bigger deal about the fact that they shouldn't have to say what they're saying, or else they play with it, either putting the line at the end of the exposition as an admonishment ("You should have known that"), or having the character being exposited to say "Yeah, I know, but..." 

In narrative voice, such as writing a novel in storytelling style, it's often sufficient to simply drop in a footnote paragraph, allowing the narrator to explain as if the reader were standing next to the narrator watching the scene unfold. It functions, if you can keep it short to avoid taking the audience too far away from the plot; if you need two pages, inlining it into a conversation between your characters probably isn't the way. However, in screenwriting, you often don't have the luxury of this device; one of the characters simply has to say it. There really are only two main ways I know of to give the information: 

a fairly popular line that follows a similar premise. It has a nice flow to it. I would suggest for your example to chop it down some to be more simplified but still gets the point across. 

Either way, I don't see anything wrong with the short choppy sentences. Just make sure it's not listy. Then it can become bothersome to read. It all depends on the mood and tone you are trying to set around that particular passage. 

While this may not be perfect, it still allows you to expand and allow the reader to dive deeper into the brain of your MC. It allows your story to help show the emotions and understanding that the MC is troubled. 

This still gets the feeling that they were not really all that engaged with the event they showed up to. They managed to eat something show their face and smile then leave. I feel like what you have is getting too listy and a lot of that is implied with "I smiled". 

Disagreement. You can have characters argue about it. They might disagree about: 

If the thing is truly everyday and mundane, consider what makes it so. It's precisely this: You don’t have to think about it. You don’t have to interact with it. You don’t have to even notice it. It’s just there. It just works. 

(I realize my examples below are not screenplay examples. Adjust as necessary to make them observable.) 

EDITED TO ADD techniques for everyday, mundane information in response to user568458’s comment. 

With both of these techniques, the idea is to give some character a reason to react, perhaps strongly. The reaction reveals information to readers and viewers. 

There are likely other kinds of reactions that can help. 

Specialist. Introduce a character whose vocation is to make sure mundane things remain mundane for everyone else. Plumbing is mundane… unless you’re a plumber. And it's less mundane to the plumber because the plumber must interact with it, must deal with the specific details of this specific plumbing. 

These essential features of mundanity suggest some additional techniques. 

Break it. An everyday thing is mundane only as long as it works. If you break it, the character will at least notice. If it’s important, the character will react to it, and perhaps interact with it. 

My advice would be to write each quote out as if they are all unique sources. Then I would email your professor or talk to them next class. 

I don't think you are entirely wrong in your notion. I remember being able to do something similar, but I can't recall if it was MLA or APA, though this may have changed since I last had to write an essay. From my research, I would go with the answer of no it is not possible. 

If nothing else, you can always ask the professor in class next time about how you want to know if there is any shortcuts for in-text citation when dealing with a singular source for a whole paper or if you have multiple quotes from the same source that follow each other in the same paragraph. 

To my knowledge this is not possible. In googling this real quick, everything I found also backed up that notion. Purdue OWL is one of my favorite go-to places for citation questions and they also make no mentioning of being able to do this shortcut. Everything I have read says that you need to have the quote fully cited each time. 

Alternatively, if you want to flush it out more you can and still get the same feeling across. Ultimately, you want the reader to be able to feel and experience what a depressed state is like. Not everyone feels depression the same way or as deep. By turning it into a longer passage, you can help the reader understand their emotions better instead of having it be assumed with short quick sentences. The following would be something I would do as an example of flushing it out: