It might be worth pointing out that the Continuum Hypothesis is undecided in ZFC so one can choose either to add or deny it. But quite possibly once might say that to add this hypothesis when it is undecided from more natural axioms means that it is an exercise in aribitrariness. Note: a vacuous truth is a proposition that adds nothing to our understanding; that unicorns exist in the fictional world of Narnia, and that there they are considered both wild and beautiful adds to our knowledge of this fictional world. Now, it turns out that Reinhardt cardinals are the largest cardinals yet defined in ZFC; To refine the question - are they provably the largest possible? Is there in fact provably, or conjecturally a largest cardinal wrt ZFC? (My intuition would say that there isn't). How about 2nd-order Peano Axioms, I suspect here it can (but am not sure), as in the introduction of the previous article we have: The same argument it seems can be targeted to logical deduction itself - intuitively seeing deduction temporally, and the premises being the 'cause' of the conclusion. One broad class of paraconsistent logics are dual-intuitionistic logics. Now the standard semantics of intuitionisitic logic uses Kripke frames. Does one dualise here to get semantics for dual-intuitionistic logics? This is fairly simple to conceptualize if you remove yourself from the picture, but that can be somewhat challenging to do. I can provide an example but I hesitate in that it may only pollute this otherwise pure notion. But for example, if you were driving and came to a fork in the road which split off in four different directions all facing left, and your friend asked you to "take a left", would that help you? How would you know whether it meant to "take a left" in relation to you ("your" left) or in relation the number of lefts ("first" left) or to one of the roads or a sign or what? Without knowing the relation, the term "left" is without meaning. Has necessity really harmed science? More importantly, as a scientist myself, I also don't see how the use of necessity has harmed science at all; on the contrary, I think it has been a profoundly useful guide in separating fact from fiction so as to arrive as close as we can to the truth. Also, "necessity" is not at odds with "possibility"; I don't see a conflict there at all, and find that science is all about both. Long-winded explanation The distinct feeling of freedom of action is not foreign to us, and even if we would call ourselves determinists we all still act under the assumption that we actually can control our own decisions and actions. We still talk and move around assuming our bodies operates under our own volition – if we did not we may as well simply collapse under the futility of it all. It is readily apparent that despite our understanding of determinism, our perceived control over our own actions completely permeates every moment of our lives — and thus the temptation to embrace free will. But closer inspection brings forth the actual degree of control we actually have, which is in my view broken into two distinct types of control: universal control and human control. Universal control is the notion that we are able, through whatever mechanisms, to break ourselves free of physical causation; this is impossible. In other words, it’s just an affirmation of standard causal determinism: that “every event, including human cognition and behavior, decision and action, is causally determined by an unbroken chain of prior occurrences” (Van Inwagen, 1983). This type of control we do not have. However, we do have human control; that is, we have the ability to predict (or rather, inability to perfectly predict) the outcome of events which provides us with the illusion that there is a “possibility” between choices. Note that it is not the freedom to “decide” whether or not we predict or not; it is simply the distinct feeling of comfort and peace that comes from a sense of control, i.e., from one’s sense that he or she understands the future well enough such that his or her desires are favorably in-line with the likely future. Stated differently, we do not have control in the sense that we are agents free from causation, but we do have control in the sense that, given our inability to calculate the precise outcome of all the causal factors leading to a particular event, we are able to—with a fair degree of accuracy, especially for common events—predict at least a set of outcomes that will likely occur. While only one outcome is truly inevitable for any event, our limited intellects can often only narrow down the factors to several “possible” outcomes. The control we feel is the degree to which our predicted outcome is expected to match the inevitable outcome. Dennett (1984), illustrates this best with his remote-control airplane example: