Look at people who are great public speakers, people we like to listen to. This is, of course, only the surface of this. You have a lot to do, and even I am not an expert. Check out your local Toastmasters club, try to find ways to talk about boring mundane things as if they're interesting. This means there is nobody to "listen to," you can simply refer to the idea unit, and talk directly about it without having to get side-tracked from your "How do I get A into B" discussion. If you need to organize/gather ideas You need a system to manage this. Who can we learn from that is great at this? What draws people in? Am I going to answer your question? Practice telling stories to children. If you can train yourself to speak with interesting facts and the right words, tone, and phrasing (like successful children's shows do) you will have hit the right way to keep interest. Bureaucratic systems are helpful, only if you use a light touch. If you start requiring pages and pages of data for a single concept, it won't work and you'll be stuck in your own mess of red tape. Keep it very simple, an "idea unit" shouldn't require more than one or two sentences for each of the three requirements I mentioned above. Lets give two examples of idea units: It can be a complicated computer system, or just a few scraps of paper. What you need to do is have each "idea unit" contain what the idea is, what it's going to change, what the change will result in, and how we get to the change. After this, we can evaluate if the resultant change is valuable, and explore methods to get there. Question: How to broadcast to the whole IT team the current and future environment usage plan, in a fluid project with constant changing priorities? That's bread and butter. There's no need to track 'environment usage' because it's natural. When a project is relatively small (5 to 10 people working with a specific module and with a dozen artifacts), the development cycle is relatively controlled: All stakeholders are aware of what's the status of testing in progress in each (physical) environment. It is possible to Is there any methodology or best practice recommended for or related to control and communicate environment usage? Is there any default view to present this to all stakeholders? Having one Excel sheet with a calendar with all the above aspects, as one might deduce, is terribly complex and hard to read for a new joiner. Taking into account each 'sub-project' can be touching several artefacts at once for different project phases and clients, planning and controlling such environment usage is a terrible pain. None of these communication channels is unique to this issue. You are simply deploying what you should already have in existence: a cadence to discuss contract stuff and risk management. You need to feel your way through on this one and find a balance. Tighten some areas and keep others loose, if possible. Whatever you choose, capture your risks and go work them. Here's the thing: it could be very well your customer, who prefers to wing it than make decisions based on evidence. That is NOT uncommon. Transplant yourself to a different customer and set of projects, and your work and recommendations could have dramatically different results. EDIT: If you are a seller of services, you would establish a "contracts" meeting on an agreed upon cadence, say weekly or semi-weekly. Payment for rendered services is nothing more than an agenda item on this meeting. As you approach a payment milestone, add payment to the agenda to discuss proper and timely funds transmission. If you are in the government, it could require funding obligation; if commercial, clean invoice with payment terms consistent with what was already negotiated or maybe new terms if you choose to go down that path. You are a consultant, not an employee of the organizations which choose these risky projects, right? As a consultant, your only role is to advise a path to your customer, explaining its benefits as compared to its costs, penalties, and risks, in an unemotional, objective way. After that, it is their choice; your scope is finished. What I tried to explain above is, your work product ends at the recommendation. If you are proud of your work, notwithstanding all of our work could be improved in some way, then you did your job and you should be claiming success...DESPITE their decision. If your work product could use some improvement, that's one thing; you can work on that because we all work on that all the time. But you cannot take ownership or impeach your ability to persuade based on their ultimate decision and crashing into the wall.