I had this same problem, and while your question asks specifically with how you open ports, which I think the other answers do a good job describing, that didn't actually result in faster download speeds for me, and based on some comments you left it sounds like it didn't work for you either. Well, as a melee-centered class, you certainly don't want to neglect armor, but on Normal you shouldn't need to be raiding the AH to get survivable gear levels. It's hard to say exactly how much armor you need to survive, since it changes by level, but if you're sitting at around 50-60% damage reduction, that should be plenty at this stage in the game. At level 13, take Revenge. This is just about the best skill a Barbarian has, and you'll be using it from level 13 on. Not only does it do great damage when it triggers, but it heals you for 5% of your max health for every enemy hit. Great for keeping your health up when you're in packs! And at level 19 you can rune it with Vengeance is Mine to increase that heal up to 8% per hit! The number one thing I'd say to you is make sure you've got Revenge on your skill bar, and that you use it whenever it triggers. But for some more long winded advice, keep reading... 

Last but not least, you don't need to spend money on a top of the line mega-weapon, but do make sure that you're not running around with the same blue dagger that you found at level 4 when you're level 13. If it's taking you forever to chop down even the tiny white mobs like zombies, you need to hit the AH and look for a weapon with higher DPS. Monsters have a harder time hurting you if they're dead! At level 14, you can add the Iron Impact rune to Leap, which increases armor by 300% for 4 seconds. This is a good way to start a fight with a pack of mobs. Jump in there, get greatly increased damage reduction for 4 seconds, and lay waste to them with your AOE attacks. Another option would be Ground Stomp to stun your enemies, but frankly, I think Iron Impact will have about the same effect on your survivability, but brings a lot more utility with it (like jumping over chasms in dungeons, or out of hot spots from elite packs of enemies) 

Open up Internet Explorer (whether it's your main browser or not). Go to Tools -> Internet Options. Click on the Connections tab. Click the Lan settings button. Uncheck the "Automatically detect settings" checkbox. Restart your Blizzard Downloader. (possibly unnecessary) 

All items from a Horadric Cache appear to be account bound. 

More than anything else, in Normal you just want to stack gear with Strength and Vitality on it. Strength not only increases damage, but it adds directly to your armor on a 1 to 1 basis. Vitality is 10 hp per point, and if you took Nerves of Steel, it also adds armor on a 1 to 1 basis. 

When does damage reduction apply for this? Despite the game already giving the appearance that you should be able to play the class by showing it in the character creation screen and having class-specific loot dropping already for it, the Crusader class is currently locked and will be unlocked for those who purchase the expansion when the Reaper of Souls expansion is released.