The Japanese navy had a fundamental misunderstanding of the American navy, in large part because of its experience with other, European navies such as those of Russia and Britain. And perhaps they were confused by America's War Plan Orange," which preached similar doctrine, but was more "honored in the breach than the observance." 

The Germans got off to a strong start in the first six months with relatively few casualties. If they had continued at that pace, they would have won the war. In 1942, the casualty rates of about 2 to 1 represented a rough equilibrium, of Soviet vs. Axis forces. After that, the Soviet loss rate, approaching 1 to 1, was less than their preponderance of manpower, which is why they ultimately won. On the eastern front, the Germans managed to "turn" a whole division or more of captured Soviet soldiers under General Vlasov into fighting for the Germans against the Soviet Union. The battle of Leyte Gulf in the Philippines led to the destruction of half of what remained of the Japanese navy. It also "sucked in" all the troops that Japanese could spare from elsewhere, leading to their deploying about half a million men in the Philippines, a disproportionate number, that could not be transferred after the Japanese naval defeat. So far so good. In round figures, the U.S. had $85 billion, the Germans $42 billion, Britain $28 billion, Italy $9 billion and Japan $6 billion. Japan's GDP is about 7% of the U.S., 14% of Germany's, less than a quarter of Britain's, and less than Italy's. I know that a number of others argued for alternate plans, but were those plans soundly based on information known in the fall of 1944, or were they "after the fact" critiques or second guesses of MacArthur? 

A day or so later, the smaller, southern prong of the attack was launched from the west bank of the Volga, on a northwesterly course with Kalach three days distant. About one day into the advance, it was counterattacked, and briefly halted by the German 29th Motorized Division, before this division was redeployed to resist the northern thrust. But had the Germans known what was going on, they might have reinforced the 29th Motorized, and at least stopped the southern thrust from arriving at Kalach to complete the encirclement. 

Forget about the fact that the Germans quickly occupied most of the Italian peninsula. It was the moral factor that mattered most, that the Italians was now officially pro-Ally, like the French or Poles, and that "Italy" was for now, just another German-occupied country. Also, close to 2 million Italian troops either laid down their arms, or were disarmed by the Germans because of "suspect" loyalty. Only about a third of the Italian army joined the Germans. 

And Truman wanted "both of them in it" (the war with Japan). Britain was already involved, so Stalin, who had signed a five-year non aggression pact with Japan, was the one that needed convincing. 

When Franklin Delano Roosevelt (FDR) was first nominated in 1932, he was a "plurality" (not majority) "left" Democratic candidate from New York, who was put "over the top" by John Nance Garner, a conservative Texan. (Garner decided that he wanted "second prize" for sure.) As such, it was a perfectly balanced "left-right" ticket that could run on "competence, not ideology," against the failed but centrist Republican Administration of Herbert Hoover. 

The Soviets were the first to be besieged in Stalingrad in September, 1942. They "survived" by pouring in a steady stream of replacements and reinforcements. But more than 90 percent of the original complement of troops became casualties. Is it reasonable to assume that my linked figures tell the true story, that Japan did the above with "only" one quarter of Britain's GDP? Are there other relative GDP figures that are more reflective of Japan's relative contribution to the war? Or is it more likely that the linked GDP figures for "Japan only" understate Japan's true war potential because the "Japanese Empire" was a lot larger than just Japan? (At its peak, it included half of China, Indochina, Indonesia and the Philippines (basically today's ASEAN countries), Korea, Taiwan and other Pacific countries.) One reason it was so hard for Germany to invade Russia/the Soviet Union in World War II (and I) was because the Russians had a different (wider) railroad gauge than that of most of the rest of Europe, making European rolling stock useless on Russian railways. The Japanese thinking had some merit for the Japanese Empire up to about 1920, which included the Home Islands, Iwo Jima, Okinawa, Korea, Formosa, and a bit more. But the 1920s and 1930s militarization of the islands (Marianas, Caroline, and Marshals) acquired in the South Pacific Mandate after World War II (which specified de militarization) made it very dangerous to for the Americans to leave these islands in the rear during a "main force" strike. Also, during the 1930s, "dissidents" in both the American and Japanese navies opined that advances in air and submarine warfare had made such "main force" naval tactics obsolete. The difference was that America eventually allowed its dissidents to prevail, and Japan didn't. 

How large a force X, was necessary to establish and maintain a beachhead that could only be resupplied and reinforced by air? In 1941, the Germans had the advantages of surprise, preparedness, superior tactical doctrine. In 1942, the Germans had lost the first two advantages, but their superior doctrine made the difference. By 1943, the Soviet forces had caught up, in some cases overtaken the Germans in quality of equipment, and doctrine, to a sufficient degree to be able to win with a 2- to -1 numerical advantage, like Grant and the North against Robert E. Lee and the South in 1864-5.