The age of marriage (God) The age of holiness (Christ, the son of God) The age of the second coming, ie the impending future (the Holy Ghost) Erasmus in his work Ratio verae theologie (1519) divided the history of the world into five ages: So, in this case the worker's effort EXACTLY matched my estimate of 200 hours. In general the chain mail hauberk used during the Viking period and right up through the Renaissance was "standard" medieval armor. Chain mail is far superior to scale mail or the kind of banded mail used by the Romans because it is seamless, lighter and allows full freedom of movement. The main difficulty in making it is that you need a large quantity of steel wire, which requires great skill and technology to make. Once you have the wire, making the mail is relatively straightforward. So, what this says is that White Russia is known so because it is long covered in snow and moreover all the animals there, wolves, bears, leopards, foxes and so on are white, which animals are normally other colors in all other places. This strikes me, however, as a folk etymology, and the foregoing I think to be correct. Note that both schemes vaguely imagine an unnamed pre-Bible age where marriage was unknown, a sort of "pre-god" period in which the earth was populated by heathens. This being said, fire can be used against any exposed door or wooden structure in a siege. You make a large ball of rags and dry wood, set it on fire, then push it against the structure. As long as the fire ball is big enough you will burn down the target structure. This exact procedure was commonly followed in sieges throughout history. For example, in the American frontier Indians would often try to burn down block houses by gathering a big bundle of brush, piling it against a door or wall, and setting it on fire. The blockhouses had to keep water on hand to prevent this. They also had to have special ports for water and guns in the walls to make such an operation very dangerous for the attackers. Traditionally in Russia white is the color associated with what is noble and good, whereas black (chorny) is the color of what is low and mean. So, all things noble were described as white, and things brutish black. So, for example, a Czarist fief immune from taxes would be a "white estate" and a vassal estate subject to taxes would be a "black estate". Likewise, capital cities where the noble lived would be "white cities" like Belgrade, for example, but a ramshackle or occupied city would be a "black city". Thus, "white russia" simply means the good part of Russia and this part of the country has been called that for at least 500 years. This questions gets to the problem of "What was England Like in the 9th Century?" If you can answer this question well, you can get an idea of whether the average person would known of Rome, or how much they would have known. I would suggest as a starter looking at a simple chronology like England in the 9th Century. As you can see there were a lot of small kingdoms and lots of wars and invasions. Virtually no literary or historical works are known from the period. The Saxon Chronicle was begun during this period, but not published in any way. The most famous tract is the The Provencal Ritual of the Albigeois published in facsimile by Jean Cledat: Joachim Of Fiore (1135 – 30 March 1202) divided history into 3 ages according to the Holy Trinity: Based on the accounts of modern hobbyists and blacksmiths, I would estimate it took about 200 hours to make a hauberk, or 20 days if you work 10 hours a day. This would assume the person would be skilled and have all the tools and materials already at hand. The cost of something like this, translated to modern terms, might be on the order of $10,000. So, it would be something a middle class person could afford, if they saved up the money. See Textes pour les cahiers du sud (1987) and Ecritures cathares (1968) by Rene Nelli. Timber framed buildings cannot go above three floors (about 50 feet) because beyond that they cannot hold up their own weight. Often buildings would be constructed with the first or second floor made of masonry and then wooden floors above. The "average" number of floors in the middle of a city during the Renaissance would be two. Here is Dürer's "St. Anthony in the City" (1513) showing the typical Renaissance/Tudor view of a metropolis.