So you are correct, white balls swings more than the red balls during the first half of innings. Usually the fielder is placed at an angle and I don't remember any captains using this fielding position. You can see all the rules here. Usually the commentators refers it as the shot played when the ball is pitched on a good length where it is difficult to drive the ball as the ball would have already risen to knee level. Batsmen will be usually confused on what shot to play for these kind of balls as the length will be in between full pitched ball and short pitched ball. So it is not an easy shot to play it on the up. 

There was also an attempt to experiment with some other colors as well as mentioned in the wiki: 

He was out for a duck in a match against Australia. He was out for first ball duck in that match(c & b Bollinger). It was played at St George's Park, Port Elizabeth on 23 October 2011. That was the second ODI of the series which SA won by 80 runs. 

The major reason for using white ball in ODI and T20 is that many of those matches were happening as Day & Night matches and it was very difficult to spot the red ball under floodlights. Cricket balls were traditionally red and test matches still use that(Compared to red ball, white balls deteriorates more quickly and hence red balls are more suitable for test matches). The source is Cricinfo Statsguru. Use this pre-made and sorted query to see the latest Women's test matches. On the other hand, if it is senior cricket then players can do as they wish. If you are batting and you feel that you are endangering a fielder, remember that is what they want you to think. The whole point of fielding so close is not to actually take a catch ( you don't need to be so close to do so) but to toy with the batter's mind. If the position of the fielder is worrying you, then the fielder is doing their job. Focus on your own job and let the fielder worry about their safety. Remember that the bowler is sprinting in and putting all their might into bowling a hard object as hard as possible at your head. The bowler doesn't want to hurt you as such, but your safety is none of their concern. You should have the same attitude about fielders. 

Both of these styles of bowling are performed by bowlers who are medium pace or fast bowlers. A swing bowler tries to deceive the batter by getting sideways movement through the air (known as 'swing' in cricket). By contrast, a seam bowler tries to get sideways movement off the pitch by landing the ball right on the seam so that it may deviate one way or the other if it hits an imperfection (such as a crack or lump) on the pitch. In non limited overs cricket (i.e. 5 day test match cricket or 4 day 'First class' cricket), there are almost no restrictions on where fielders can be positioned, the only restriction being a limit of two players behind square on the leg side. You will sometimes see situations in which every fielder, apart from the wicket keeper, is on the boundary. This is sometimes known as a 'ring field'. Typically you would see this if a top order batter is batting with a tail-ender. The bowling team wants to stop the batter scoring boundaries, but are happy for them to score a single bringing the tail-ender on strike who they have a better chance of getting out. 

Here is the score card of that match. 

Usually the commentators refers it as the shot played when the ball is pitched on a good length where it is difficult to drive the ball as the ball would have already risen to knee level. Batsmen will be usually confused on what shot to play for these kind of balls as the length will be in between full pitched ball and short pitched ball. So it is not an easy shot to play it on the up. 

Usually the fielder is placed at an angle and I don't remember any captains using this fielding position. You can see all the rules here. There was also an attempt to experiment with some other colors as well as mentioned in the wiki: The major reason for using white ball in ODI and T20 is that many of those matches were happening as Day & Night matches and it was very difficult to spot the red ball under floodlights. Cricket balls were traditionally red and test matches still use that(Compared to red ball, white balls deteriorates more quickly and hence red balls are more suitable for test matches). 

He was out for a duck in a match against Australia. He was out for first ball duck in that match(c & b Bollinger). It was played at St George's Park, Port Elizabeth on 23 October 2011. That was the second ODI of the series which SA won by 80 runs. So you are correct, white balls swings more than the red balls during the first half of innings.