You have to know the capabilities of the champions you are leading . Note the emphasis on the preceeding "." You have to know each of your ally's strengths, weakness and limitations. Ideally you should be familiar with all of their abilities and those ability's strengths, weaknesses and limitations. There are too many champions and abilities to cover them and their interactions here but here is an example: However, according to the Aura Article the Captain Enchantment is a considered a passive effect and NOT an aura. Therefore, it would seem that a champion could receive a 16% ms buff if two teammates have the Captain Enchantment. R-DPS champions that have attack steroids (bonuses to attack speed, damage, critical strikes, etc.) and tend to rely on their auto-attacks for damage gain a significant DPS boost from having an Infinity Edge. The time at which you purchase the item depends on what stats you need to scale into the mid and late game phases. Item purchases in League of Legends is about spending your gold on what is most efficient. This means the most benefit for your champion given the gold cost. Infinity Edge, while being one of the most expensive items in the game, is also easily the single most damage enhancing item for champions that rely on their auto-attacks. 

With all of the above champions it becomes a game of efficiency where Infinity Edge just isn't really the BEST item for the money you are spending on it since other items will give you more punch for their cost through the various stages of the game. The flat damage increase (+80) is the highest bonus to damage you can find in a single item (with the exception of stacking items such as Sword of the Occult and Bloodthirster). Source. Infinity Edge is also the only item to offer an increase to the Critical Strike Damage that a champion deals though there are Runes and Masteries can be used to increase this "stat". 

Bloodthirster give you better stats for the gold and the build path is identical. Thresh's Flay (E) has a usefull passive: Those active effects increase the gold efficiency of an item, if they are used and the base stats of those items often have a gold efficiency below 100%. So not using the active effect is wasted gold. 

Queen's Wrath is a self-targeted buff that applies on-hit effects. You will still be revealed if you are spotted BEFORE you enter stealth 

By dodgeable (last sentence), they mean that the player can avoid the hits by moving and by cannot be dodge they mean from abilities like Jax E 

Since Alistar got buffed in the last patches, I want to master him a little bit more. I watched some Youtube videos where people always do the Headbutt(W) + Autoattack while the target is still flying and they say it is really important to get that combo down, especally on Top and Mid. 

If you mute the sound for pings, you might not hear/see the useful pings another teamate does. 

Is it ok to report them after the game? 

Why do most players not build Infinity Edge with him? (probuilds) 

Since he gets a 100% crit chance for his AA and Q through the E passive. 

I run 0/21/9 masteries and flat AD marks + quints, flat Armor Seals and scaleing MR Glyphs. 

This is not new. The anouncer says this when all champions of a team are dead. You don't get any bonuses from it, like gold. 

X * 6 : normal + double weekend counts as normal and per win boost + per day boost are multiplied afterwards = X * 2 * 3 

This means if you would die as a Tryndamere with Guardian Angel and your Ultimate is available, your ultimate would trigger first - goes on cooldown, gives you fury and GAs passive is still available. This means if you get the Chrono Shift Buff at the right moment (when Undying Rage ends) Tryndamere could technically drop to zero health 3 times before a kill is awarded. An official Riot Post on the topic: There will be a Tribunal ladder named Hall of Justice, too! 

Another Riot Post about harshness: Screenshot from the video @4:43 What do the buffs affect in detail (preferring concrete numbers)? I know it is desired to get the blue buff for Ability Power (AP)-base champions and the red buff for Attack Damage (AD)-base champions and baron buff is good for everybody. I think blue buff at least increases your mana regeneration and red buff your health regeneration. So far I don't have any experience with maps (and therefore its buffs) other than Summoners Rift - I would like to know about these too. Many items in League Of Legends have active effects which can be cast like normal spells. Is it ok to report them after the game? but sometimes it's just a habit... What should i do with my boots in late game? Keep them or sell them? I think i dont really need them becuase you usually don't gank anymore. 

X * 6 : normal + double weekend counts as normal and per win boost + per day boost are multiplied afterwards = X * 2 * 3 

If you mute the sound for pings, you might not hear/see the useful pings another teamate does. 

You will NOT be revealed if you are already stealthed (as said in the tooltip) Why do most players not build Infinity Edge with him? (probuilds) 

Does the charging scale with the attackspeed? (more AS = less chargetime?) Is % based spell damage like Liandry's Torments passive or Amumus Despair (W) affected by Magic Resistance? Same goes with Botrk and armor. 

Queen's Wrath is a self-targeted buff that applies on-hit effects. 

Since he gets a 100% crit chance for his AA and Q through the E passive. 

Both builds are definitly not viable for rankeds! Play them at own risk. 

How should you deal with players that spam pings, besides telling them to stop? In case you are invading or you get invaded a skill might be better than another. 

In DotA (the Warcraft III map) you can't rejoin the game and: