There is at least academic merit to debating moral or any other nature of an entity you do not think exists simply because it may turn out to exist after all, we are fallible. Of course, if you do not think it strongly enough you may consider it a waste of your time in practical terms. But keep in mind that other people may think otherwise, so if you wish to influence them arguments involving non-existent (to you) entities may be helpful even in practice. Even if it is an explicitly fictional entity, like Sauron, the argument is not entirely worthless because such fictions are often used as proxies for real life situations that do occur. Ralph Walker objected that then the appearances influenced by self's free will must include those from before birth and empirical actions of other selves. The latter contradicts free will of other selves. Is there a way to save Kant's limited argument? Yes, but only by making it even more fantastical. One way is to endorse Berkeley's solipsism and claim that a self has the whole world of appearances all to itself. A slightly better choice is to claim that selves can influence not only events in empirical chains, but even the "laws of nature" that govern the chains themselves. To put it metaphorically, the wills clash atemporally behind the curtain resulting in empirical world that plays out in time before each participating self, see Vilhauer's paper. Let's suspend discussion of what is more "plausible", dark energy or giant void, or what "plausible" even means as applied to the 'universe as a whole', or what justifications one might offer for the Copernican principle. There seems to be an overt non-sequitur in its application. Assuming that we are not in a privileged position does not imply that we are in a generic one. The third option, and seemingly the most "plausible" one, whatever that means, seems to be that our position is neither privileged nor generic. There are many like it, and there are many as well, that are nothing like it. There is an obvious logic to Kant's suggestion. We need a mark or symptom of succession in time, and since effects follow their causes, establishing causal relations would do the job. However, there appear to be other low-level and high-level ways to accomplish the same task. At the lower level, the discovery of motion detectors suggests that we need not appeal to the contents of states at all... We also appear to make temporal judgments by tacitly appealing to ordering principles that involve content but not causal relations... Arthur Melnick offers a recent version. He suggests that we can be directly aware of succession because two states of affairs could succeed each other in the "specious" present."