On the other hand, when we are talking about the sin of anger, we mean either acts of disproportionate anger (as in the desire for revenge referred to in the O.P.) or else the so-called “capital sin” or “deadly sin” of anger, which is, strictly speaking not a sin exactly, but a habit of sin, or vice. (See Catechism of the Catholic Church [CCC] no. 1866.) If those who have still not entered into the fullness of union with God (“for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God,” Rom. 3:23) can intercede for one another, then all the more those who are already in possession of that glory can intercede for those on earth. (My personal estimate, as a priest, is that the number is relatively low, because a number of stringent conditions are necessary for the excommunication to occur: the person must be an adult, must be free from grave fear, and must be fully aware that excommunication results from his actions.) As the Catechism explains, human fatherhood is an image of or participation in God’s Fatherhood: However, intention can also apply to the will (which is the usage most familiar to us nowadays). In the case of the will, it specifically refers to choosing the means so as to obtain an end. I have the intention to go for a walk, as soon as I start to put on by walking shoes and go for the door (which are the means required for me to go for a walk). It is true that the Scripture does not make an explicit endorsement of the practice, but demanding an explicit endorsement of every practice is a rather restrictive criterion. (For example, the Bible does not explicitly endorse revival meetings, altar calls, or other typically Protestant practices.) Nevertheless, there are indications in the Scriptures that the early Church firmly believed in the intercession of the saints. Probably the best example can be found in Rev. 5:8: The background behind this There is very little in Church documents regarding transexualism, because it is a relatively new phenomenon (at least, it did not become a major issue for the Church until very recently). It is not mentioned at all in Canon Law. This impediment stems from the very nature of marriage, however, the Church has imposed other impediments on its members in order to protect the dignity of the Sacrament of Matrimony. For example, the following situations cause an impediment from contracting marriage: