A more modern day statement of faith, the Westminster Confession of Faith states it this way: 

What is different about it there is that it is a place separated from his grace. Neither the general grace that rains on the just and the unjust alike on this earth nor his specific graces experienced by believers will be experienced there. Folks will be separated from those aspects of God. He is only holding back his hand for a time. 

He desires and will have all glory for himself. Satan tried to reach out and take this from Him, and was cast out of heaven. Man was deceived and wanted to be like God in a way that was not his place to be. 

God's love is both an intrinsic value and an action. 

I would not go so far as to say there was an incompleteness in God that he needed to fill ... that he had a NEED of recognition, but in there is a sense in which his had to have creatures to reveal himself to in order for all the fullness of his being to be legitimized. His Glory is glorified as it is beheld, even if it is beyond the grasp of the beholder. 

The reason many people have a problem with this is that they are using much more limited definitions of love and trying to apply them to God. A mutable fickle loving nature would indeed sometimes act out of motives other than love -- some actions would be loving, others not. As broken humans we tend to default to understanding others actions in this way, however the model does not apply to God. 

Being ego-centric is OK when you are The I Am. It is right for us to praise Him and serves a purpose of putting his Glory on display. 

It is, however, not self contradictory. His love is not expressed in embracing both good and evil. A complete, whole, rational love that is good must also be complemented by a whole, rational and holy hatred. In order to love what is good, it must also hate what is evil. In order for God himself to be loving in Character, he must be fundamentally opposed to things that are not loving. In other words, his is not only just to punish evil, but loving to do so. It would be no love of the good and innocent to let the evil and guilty go free. 

The Westminster Shorter Catechism states that "Man's chief end is to glorify God, and to enjoy him for ever." If that question had been about the chief end of God I would say it would read "God's chief end is to glorify Himself, and to enjoy himself for ever." 

1. The minior exception are a couple sects such as Mormonism that have beliefs about him existing in some other prior form before he became god. 

The person of God is the only truely eternal thing, existing from eternity past. While the souls of people will go on existing for eterinty, they were created. In fact ALL other things outside of the being of God were created and are being held together by God himself (though the person of Christ). 

According to almost all branches of Christianty1, God was never created, he has always existed. And always will exist. He is eternal. Deuteronomy 33:27 specifically identifies God as eternal, but there are numerous passages that point out this aspect of his nature. In fact the very way in which he introduces himself gives us a clue about this. 

In reading your question, I don't think the issue at hand is God's omnipresence at all. Frankly it's not a terribly important doctrine in the first place and while I think one could make a case for it from Scipture, I think it's a little forced. Much more importantly, the Scripture states the reverse quite plainly, that all things are in and held together by God/Christ.