My son came home late (10pm) and says, "we don't really go trick or treating, it's just an excuse to hang out with friends." He would rather not go than have a suitable adult accompany him. It concerns me, not from my son instigating, but being caught up in a group or rowdy young teenage boys, throwing caution to the wind and creating trouble. 

Warning: there is no easy solution and to create a change takes consistent and extended more effort 

third defence, positive activity. My oldest (19 yo) son teaches and trains martial arts for a living. He has asked me to bring his brother in 6 days a week for training, twice a day in the school holidays. This has been brilliant for filling the void created by removing counter-productive activities. It has helped instilled discipline, he has the role models of older males and it is physically active, and so tires him out and a great release of aggression. 

I have always been extremely careful about taking precautions to prevent my children from ever walking in on me when engaging in sexual activity. I've had a relationship with my next door neighbor (an old school friend, not just any neighbor) and he would frequently visit after my children had gone to sleep and be gone before they woke up. 

I'm also a bit at loss because, well , it is a teenage boy and also a teenage girl 

The kids of my GF, 14 and 11 respectively, have that annoying tendancy to nag at each other when night time is coming. Teen girl likes to pout and teenage boy thinks himself as some kind of prima donna that like to be respected. 

Luckily, they don't do it often but when they do, I'm at loss at what I should say if I should say anything. Usually, I'm taking a back seat and it is like I'm having to endure a bad play, a funny bad play I would say but still a bad play. 

My aim is to get minimal peace of mind when I'm arriving at home, but if I want that minimal peace of mind, I have to intervene (or I think I do). One of my belief is I should intervene only if their behaviour are going out of hands and that they should find a way to deal with their issues or simply to be able to behave properly, despite the tiredness/emotional upheaval. 

It appears you do not know the root cause for this behavior. You must figure out why this behavior is happening. Are you taking him to school, and if so how is he being allowed to leave the school? If not, and your able to, I would walk him into the building to make sure he actually get's in the door. 

Its a terrible position to be in, I wish you the best of luck. 

I will preface this answer as a last resort. Try all other options first: 

If nothing else works, I would suggest a military school. At one point we had a friend whose daughter thought she would run wild over her parents (drinking, pot, sex, the works ), and they put her in military school and her attitude did a 100% about face. 

The experience taught her that she is a human being, and that she should respect herself and authority figures ( parents, police, etc ).