Even just moving your army to the middle of the map just to showe that you are there and have a big army works very well, the Zerg will almost always react by producing a lot of units. Select all workers, press Stop, hold F1 down and click in a circle around your base, each worker will go into a different direction. If you don't want to commit to robo tech before knowing his tech path, remember that hallucinations, especially the hallucinated phoenix, can be quite effective as scouts. The upgrade is cheaper than getting the robo and you need the sentries anyways. This way you can scout after two gates and then decide for either robo or stargate and it's usually right in time to check when he gets his lair up so you can often see what he follows up with. Everything that makes the Zerg use his larva for units is good, if he can use it for drones he will quickly have an unbeatable eco where anything you do will be countered by him just having a ton more of units. A few days ago there was a topic on TeamLiquid about a new technique. I'm not fully convinced on how good it is in practice, but you might want to check it out. The topic is also featured on the TL main page, which gives it some weight. Anyways, try not to let it come to the lategame, contain your enemy in the midgame with a big amount of mutalisks so you just get the superior economy and can just throw wave after wave of units into his base. Don't let him out-expand you, always try to keep up. Especially if you don't apply pressure you will fall behind very quick. This is very volatile since you need perfect Mutalisk control and if you lose some to a lucky Thor shot, the opponent can just move out and kill you straight away. Also, the current trend for heavily upgrades Marines allows the Terran to keep only a small number of Marines in the base while he's still safe. The high gas cost of Mutalisks also makes teching very hard, but if you keep upgrading mutalisks and manage to transition into Broodlords, they will spawn with good upgrades, which can give you a significant advantage.