If I research WWII with the intent of understanding how the Clivedon set incorporated fiscal conservatism with secular chauvinism, I'm probably doing history. If on the other hand I research the Clivedon set with the intent of understanding the fundamental hypocrisy of secular chauvinism and fiscal conservatism, and the specific intent of understanding how that hypocrisy can be manipulated, I'm probably doing politics. 3) Europe didn't pursue absolute monarchy for centuries. In the comments many others have noted that the governance model from the fall of Rome to the rise of absolute monarchy explored a variety of models. Most common, as I recall, was for those who wielded effective military power to select one of their number to exercise leadership, but that selection was limited and revocable. What are the disadvantages? Obviously inflation is bad for the lender. If inflation is rising and likely to continue to rise, then lendors must take this into account. That means that credit may be restricted, which may inhibit large and cooperative projects. Inflation is bad for anyone who is saving. Anyone with cash assets watches their value erode. Spend your money now because it will be worth less tomorrow. Again, this discourages investment in the future. This is the key to the italicized portion of your quote. If the leadership of a developing country inflates the domestic currency they can preserve their assets in foreign denominated currency, but ordinary citizens watch the value of their holdings dwindle away. You restricted the question to domestic, but inflation theoretically causes other nations to change their exchange rates for your currency, which makes it more difficult to buy foreign goods. That can have significant consequences in a world where economies are coupled. (Petroleum in the 70's comes to mind). Developing countries also tend to be somewhat coupled - since most developing countries don't have the infrastructure to permit competitively priced domestic manufacture of industrial goods. (including things like farm equipment, medicine, petroleum, etc.) Mike Walden summarizes that inflation is bad because I'm not aware of any discussion that state or local governments would become too complex or too large. Three possible exceptions were Vermont and Kentucky who wanted indepdence from their states, and Rhode Island - which declined to join the union in part because of the power of the Rhode Island state government. That might be another source of very good material (but I can't find a quick, useable citation - the situation was complicated). Update - It occurs to me that I've neglected to address the underpinning of OP's question. Why monarchy over democracy? Fukyama's Origins of Political Order argues that democracy requires some relatively sophisticated institutions. (I'm abridging a book into a sentence; I'm aware of the injustice I do to his argument). Democracy is built on the notion that the citizens trust the state. In an era of poor communications, and unbelievable wealth gaps, it is difficult to assemble any meaningful demos. (Stop whining about today's 1%'ers; imagine life in Charlemagne's time, when 99% of the population legally could not travel from their home and would almost never speak to anyone outside their home village.) Greek democracy worked because it was a tiny oligarchy of citizens who knew one another. The same was true for the Roman Senate - a small coterie of families who knew one another, supported by tribes (who claimed kinship). Rome couldn't maintain the cohesion and degenerated to an absolutist monarchy, followed by a military dictatorship. There was no hope to build the kinds of institution and societal trust mechanisms that would enable democracy in societies with that kind of weak communications and cooperation.