From a Christian Evangelical perspective, the answer to three of your questions is yes, and the answer to one of your questions is no. If Jesus already existed prior to His creative work as described in Genesis; if God refers to Himself in the plural "Us"; and if Jesus is equal to God; then we needn't take an unwarranted leap of faith in saying the Trinity existed forever, and it had no beginning. There is a touching account of Paul and his fellow missionaries whose ship docked for a short time in Tyre, Syria. The first thing they did was to "look up" the disciples in that city, after which they stayed with them for a week. The missionaries' stay in Tyre ends with the following verse: In other words, they were already indwelt by the Holy Spirit, as Jesus Himself promised in John 15, where He said the Holy Spirit would in Jesus' absence abide with His disciples and be in them (v.17). These new Ephesian believers, however, evidently needed confirmation of that reality through the gifts of speaking in tongues and prophesying. A key Bible passage some Christians use for teaching that believers have at least SOME responsibility to bear witness to the truth in Christ is Ezekiel, chapter 3: In truth, the Bible could not be clearer that Jesus bore the sins of the world as He hung on the cross. Just as a lamb of old bore symbolically the sins of a single penitent or the entire nation of Israel, Jesus, the Lamb of God, literally bore away the sins of the world (John 1:29). Peter and all who embrace Jesus Christ as Savior and Lord, have taken a bath in the cleansing blood of Christ and are clean every whit. That is positional forgiveness, or the forgiveness which gives us our standing in Christ. All believers in Jesus Christ who sin after conversion (and we all do--and will) need to confess to God (which is simply to agree with God) that they have sinned, preferably as soon as it happens. Again, that sin does not affect their standing in Christ, but it certainly affects our spiritual state at the time it occurs. The effect is broken fellowship with Christ. We're all familiar, I suppose, with some of the cultural factors at work in this passage. In Jesus' day, the servant in a household having many servants is charged with washing the feet of visitors to the master's house. He has the lowest, most menial job a servant can have (go here for some basic information, and follow the links provided there). In conclusion, I think we need to take a cue from our Lord's approach to people, in that very frequently he asked leading questions and comments--you know, the open-ended kind which need to be answered with more than just a yes or no (see John 3 and 4, in his interaction with Nicodemus and the Samaritan woman at Jacob's well). That approach, especially when it is preceded by prayerful dependence on the Lord to give us the right words and attitudes, goes a long way toward fulfilling our obligation as "watchmen" for God. So no, Christians need not fear the devil. When they cling to the cross of Christ, crucifying their old natures by taking up the cross daily (Luke 9:23), victorious living for them becomes a reality as the atoning blood of Christ and their whole-hearted witness to the truth of God come together through faith. Revelation 12 says the following: Unbeknownst to you, your pet dog just had an "accident" on your porch, and the moment your foot touches the porch, you feel something warm and squishy between your toes. (Need I say more?!). What will you do next (apart from uttering a few choice epithets!)? Will you jump into the bathtub again and take another bath? Not likely. You would, however, take care to wash the offending foot very thoroughly. Leviticus 24:18 - "One who beats an animal to death must make restitution for it, life for life." In Jesus' teaching on forgiveness, the "minor" element (i.e., minore) is the extension of forgiveness to another person by one who himself is flawed and forgiven. The major element (i.e., maius) is the extension of forgiveness to an unholy sinner by an infinitely holy God. Accordingly, the very least which a sinful forgiver can do is to forgive the sin of another sinner, particularly in light of God's magnificent and magnanimous forgiveness. This is what the author of the article, "Slain in the Spirit?", says on the website (in a slightly edited version) regarding these four Bible passages: There is nothing inherently wrong with the human body, since it has been designed by God, but physical senses and appetites of necessity and by God's design interact with bodily members, sometimes in God-pleasing ways and sometimes not. I commend both passages to you for deeper study and meditation. which makes the reader wonder why Jesus did not say, "You asked no servant to wash my feet." Perhaps Simon simply forgot to have this service performed for Jesus, or perhaps Simon had no servants, or the servant in charge of footwashing was ill or out of the house. Whatever the case might be, footwashing was common and expected in Jesus' day.] At the risk of being impolitic, I offer this analogy. Suppose you just emerged from your daily bath or shower. You dry yourself off, wrap a towel around your waist, and step onto the porch of your house, just to soak in the sun briefly, prior to getting fully dressed.