I'd find out what formats are the most common in your field and use those. In an informal situation where the context is clear, perhaps you don't even need the titles: 

It's worth noting that style guides all have specific requirements for how lists are used and formatted. APA at least seems to boil down to similar but more detailed advice as the wikipedia style guide; i.e., have a good reason for using the format you employ. The best date formats are the ones that are (1) clear and (2) familiar to your audience. You want your readers to focus on the content of your resume/CV, and this will be difficult if they have to "translate" dates to a familiar format in their heads while reading. In fiction, there's no rule for this, only differing styles and opinions. However, some editors seem to like using the Chicago Manual of Style's alternative rule for this. (Of course, I've invented details that likely have nothing to do with your story to make a point, but this is just an example.) "I get it. Business before pleasure." His expression a match for C1's look of grim determination, C2 stepped into the fray. "I thought you said you were going to bail them out," C2 muttered in exasperation. 

C1 straightened up, surprised to hear the remark. He turned to regard C2, planting both feet square on the ground. Parentheses can be enormously effective at conveying short snippets of background information, and in my opinion they will, in specific situations, break the flow of the writing less than dashes will. Although I freely admit that seeing text surrounding this example quote could change my answer. 

In everyday writing, (say on the web, or an email) I'd use bullets where possible. I think they're more accessible and quicker to scan. Unless there were some reason to actually number things. The Wikipedia style manual spells this out well: To the reader, it's clear that this all takes place in a few seconds, but examining the scene more closely gives a better picture. In business writing, such as an email, you can always format this as a bulleted list: 

Scrivener exists, in part, to put manuscripts into standard manuscript format. The # mark it uses as the default section break is, frankly, a little puzzling to me. (Apparently this is standard for SFWA format, see the comments.) This has the advantage of being easily scanned, but might be a little cumbersome for just three items. Alternately, you can style the list as a horizontal list, using semicolons to separate out the name/title pairs: 

Leave the symbols and lines to the graphic designers. You're a writer, and you should worry about the words, not the design. Using lines of dashes in the manuscript, particularly when they're of random length, comes across to me as, frankly, slightly amateurish. But whatever you use to separate sections should be consistent throughout the manuscript. Familiarity People are generally pretty good at recognizing different formats, but why make more work for them? It's the work of a few minute to change the date formats to be appropriate and consistent. Note: As always, check if you are to follow any style guides or style sheets. Academic, technical, and scientific writing almost certainly will have these. Larger companies may have corporate style sheets, and even some non-profits. If this is the case, you may already have guidance to follow. Clarity Shorter date formats, such as 4/12/10, are familiar and comfortable, but they can be unclear. Did I just write 12 April or 4 December? 1910 or 2010? (That last is unlikely to be a problem in a document like this.) Choosing a date format and sticking with it for the entire document can help with this. 

Re-reading this question, I'm guessing that, since you're concerned with readers, this may be a situation such as an e-book or web publication, where manuscript format is irrelevant. If that's the case, it doesn't matter what you use, but I do suggest picking a simple marker such as three asterisks or bullets and centering them in the space in-between sections. With web publications and ebooks, you have no way of knowing how the text will hyphenate, so simply using white space in-between sections may not be the clearest way of breaking up sections. While it's unlikely that an "odd" date format will cause someone to put your CV in the "circular file", if presented with two resumes that are roughly the same in terms of qualifications and experience, a hiring manager could easily simply choose the one that looks more familiar and comfortable.