The question doesn't show up at the top of the results, and this is even after I added the feature-request and reputation-graph tags to my question. I think you need to try to understand that having quality standards is what makes Stack Exchange sites better than competing sites like Yahoo! Answers. The communities have a say in what goes into the FAQ, they make the content, and they elect the moderators. If there's a specific question that gets closed that shouldn't be, the community has the power to override even a moderator's decision and reopen it. That's what closing is. You can revise it using the tips from the comments, then five votes from the community (or one from a moderator) will reopen your question. Yes, moderators can change your profile picture if we need to. Before the recent feature change that allowed users to upload a picture directly, we could edit a user's email address to temporarily force Gravatar to generate a default image. Now that users can directly upload a picture, moderators have the ability to change this setting on other user's profile as well. If you see a NSFW picture being used as an avatar, flag one of their posts for moderator attention and we'll take a look. I mean to change it, not just to look at NSFW pics. Based on what? Citations please. Would it be possible to increase the weight of title text in searches (maybe just on Meta)? I know that this is fundamentally user error, but it seems like placing exact title matches at the very top of search results could alleviate some of these duplicates. If a post is flagged as "not an answer" I typically look at the date to see if it's fresh or not. If it's a really old post I usually just delete it from the flag page (using the handy "delete post" link). If it's new, I'll often go to the post and leave a comment saying that they should have posted a new question. This takes a little more time, but it's friendlier to new users. Rather than 1 point for a single up-vote on a comment perhaps if it was 1 point (or 5 points) for 10 or more up-votes that might work. You can already create a second account - using a different OpenID - but that does require that you either use different browsers or continually log in and log out to post on the relevant sites. Not ideal and prone to error. At the moment when a moderator on site A spots this they have to do one of the following: This would mean that there'd be no requirement to coordinate all the moderators on the various sites or with the community team (who have better things to be doing). system administrators whose entire network has gone down and need to ask the collective wisdom that is Server Fault. I like the the idea of being able to mark my account on site A as not publicly visible (to non-moderators) on other profiles. This would also mean that no other profiles would appear on my account on said site. The question doesn't show up at the top of the results, and this is even after I added the feature-request and reputation-graph tags to my question. Based on what? Citations please. Yes, moderators can change your profile picture if we need to. Before the recent feature change that allowed users to upload a picture directly, we could edit a user's email address to temporarily force Gravatar to generate a default image. Now that users can directly upload a picture, moderators have the ability to change this setting on other user's profile as well. If you see a NSFW picture being used as an avatar, flag one of their posts for moderator attention and we'll take a look. I mean to change it, not just to look at NSFW pics. If a post is flagged as "not an answer" I typically look at the date to see if it's fresh or not. If it's a really old post I usually just delete it from the flag page (using the handy "delete post" link). If it's new, I'll often go to the post and leave a comment saying that they should have posted a new question. This takes a little more time, but it's friendlier to new users. Link-only answers shouldn't get an automatic delete vote. If they should, then this could be scripted. When you go to /review the note under Low Quality Posts says "Identify, then improve or delete low-quality posts." You always have the option to improve the post by clicking 'Edit' instead of delete. That's what closing is. You can revise it using the tips from the comments, then five votes from the community (or one from a moderator) will reopen your question. 20K users should have enough about them to know when a question should be deleted rather than leaving it closed. Indicate whether the post being deleted is a question or answer. Actually I'd question the need to raise this flag on questions. If the question can be deleted (no answers or only one zero scored answer) then should we really be bothered that the user is deleting them? Show the score of the post being deleted (for both questions and, more importantly, answers) and/or discount negatively scored answers. Show how many competing answers there are (for answers only, obviously). It's less of a problem if someone is deleting one of 10 answers, but if their's is the only answer then it's potentially more serious. Only raise the flag if the combined score of the posts deleted is greater than some threshold - possibly 5. Only raise the flag if this is the second time in as many days that they've hit the delete limit - regardless of the score of the posts. This will help the moderators as then we'll know that there is potentially something serious going on. It will also help users who are genuinely just trying to clean up the site by removing unnecessary content as they'll know that they're not going to attract the attention of the moderators.