The analogy finds support in unexpected quarters, the foremost continental authority on consciousness and intentionality:"The central feature of Husserl's theory of community is the notion of 'personality of higher-order'. Different sorts of communities ranging from the family to the state are understood as analogous to the individual. A community is a "multi-headed ... yet connected subjectivity", and as such a subjectivity it too has a 'personality', displaying particular tendencies, moods, and traits such as memory - indeed, many of the features usually attributed to individual existence... the personal features of the community are something 'new;' they are not a mere conglomeration of individual features". See Buckley's Ch.10 in Husserl and the Sciences. 

Kohen and Conway’s idea of “freewill” is essentially ‘something which is not deterministic or random’, and it is clear from the context that by “random” they mean classical chance. Why they think that determinism/classical randomness/free will exhaust all options is unclear, but “freewill" ends up in the same category as what electrons do in double slit experiments under the Copenhagen interpretation. They mention that “allowing randomness into the world does not really help in understanding free will”, but “this objection does not apply to the free responses of the particles that we have described”. Why quantum randomness is any more help in understanding free will than classical one is also unclear. Finally, they admit that the role of humans in their theorem reduces to that of a pseudo-random generator, as long as that was “freely chosen”. And this is perhaps the weakest link, because this “freewill” appears to have nothing to do with consciousness (in fairness, Kohen and Conway themselves say nothing about consciousness). More recently, Hofstadter used Indra's Pearls in his classic Gödel, Escher, Bach (1979) as a metaphor for complex interconnection and self-reference in advanced networks: physical, neural and social. Indra's Pearls, the book by Mumford, Series and Wright explores a mathematical manifestation, namely self-similar patterns created by iteration of Möbius transformations, self-similar fractals. The above sentiment is not philosophically compelling, Burge, who is not even a dualist, dismisses it outright. A more serious issue with mental causation is a potentially inconsistent interference with physical causation which is subject to natural law. For materialism mental is a manifestation of physical, so mental causation reflects physical causation, but this does not clearly resolve the issue unless mental is also epiphenomenal, i.e. translatable into impersonal terms where mental reasons and impulses play no role. That is a problem because it seems to reduce man to machine, not to mention free will issues. Burge explicitly advocates an agnostic middle path, where we acknowledge phenomenological uses of the mental, but withhold judgement on its ontological nature and interaction with the physical until further investigation: 

Kant's "vehemence" was not very effective, he accused Spinoza's God/Nature of incoherence just a few chapters after describing a very similar "intellectus archetypus" as logically conceivable. His idealist successors, Fichte and especially Schelling, adopted some of that archetypal insight into the animated Nature to solve the "conundrum of modern epistemology", the impenetrable veil of causal appearances created by Kant's critique of metaphysics. For the subsequent developments, including in English romantic poetry, perhaps the most comprehensive source is Abrams's Natural Supernaturalism: Tradition and Revolution in Romantic Literature. Here is from Hirsch's review: 

Franzen's Gödel's Theorem: An Incomplete Guide to Its Use and Abuse is a canonical reference for dispelling the mythology surrounding Gödel's result. 

But there is some evidence, admittedly tenuous, that this mental isolation may also be bridgable:"Could the girls’ connection go beyond sensory impressions to higher thoughts, thoughts as simple as “I want water” or as complex as “I’m tired of ‘Good Night Moon’”? The family says that the girls often get up silently and suddenly and walk over to, say, a sippy cup, which Tatiana then immediately hands to Krista, who drinks from it... ‘I have two pieces of paper,” Krista announced. The girls sat at a small table in the living room, drawing, their faces, as always, angled away from each other. Each had one piece of paper. So I was surprised by Krista’s certainty: She had two pieces of paper?.. Was Krista using “I” to refer to both her and her sister?.. Do they think of themselves as one when they speak in unison, as they often do, if only in short phrases? When their voices joined together, I sometimes felt a shift — to me, they became one complicated being who happened to have two sets of vocal cords, no less plausible a concept than each of us having two eyes. Then, just as quickly, the girls’ distinct minds would make their respective presences felt..."