1) Start slowly. In Game of Thrones, we start with just the Starks, and Martin adds on characters a few at a time and lets us live with them for a chapter before bouncing back to someone we already know. Granted that by book 4 you may need to refer back to the index, but that's over thousands of pages. 

Petyr “Littlefinger” Baelish, on the other hand, is certainly out for himself, but he also can speak kindly and give gifts. He’s a good-looking man, dresses handsomely, and does favors for his allies. While those favors are always with an eye to what the ally can do for him later, and while he is entirely capable of murder, planning murder, selling someone into slavery, running a rough brothel, castigating a woman whose child was just killed, and other ills, we the audience can appreciate his schemes, his bons mots, and his chemistry with other characters like Varys. 

I was blocked for years until I found Scrivener, which for whatever reason helped get all my creative juices flowing again. Scrivener clicked with me. 

I would only use the gendered pronoun if you know the gender of the animal in question. Lions have manes; lionesses don't. A calico or tortiseshell housecat is 99% guaranteed to be female, while an all-orange tabby housecat is 99% guaranteed to be male. Male robins have the bright red breast while female robins are brown. And so on. 

This should be a person who always puts his/her own interests first — even further, someone who always puts his/her pleasures first, above anyone else’s consideration, above anyone else’s life. 

That's not to say the villain is stupid, or one-dimensional, or his/her only motive is "I like to be eeeeeeevil." But if you are trying to create a character "who needs killin'," then don't give him or her any good characteristics. Your villain shouldn't be physically attractive, or a sharp dresser. (Military uniforms are more imposing than sharp.) S/he shouldn't get off darkly funny one-liners, or have a pet which is treated well, or spare anyone from harsh treatment. 

In addition to mbakeranalecta's excellent advice, I would suggest: 

3) Remind the reader occasionally. If you want us to remember that Sadi keeps a poisonous snake as a pet, make the snake's entrance memorable, and then remind us every 40 pages or so that the snake is around. Have Sadi feed her, talk about her, let her out of her bottle to crawl around. Then in the big showdown 200 pages later, it won't be a surprise when the snake bites the bad guy, because we've been reminded that the snake exists.