They answered and said, “He is deserving of death.” Matthew 26:63-66 (NKJV) 

If Pilate kept records, he probably just picked any number of the false accusations against Jesus, but in the minds of the Jewish mob, Jesus was a blasphemer and deserved death. 

But they cried out all the more, saying, “Let Him be crucified!” Matthew 27:16-18, 21-23 (NKJV) 

They all said to him, “Let Him be crucified!” 

We do this today in our current system too. Our years start counting from the year Jesus was born (approximately). 

It is not only missing more than half of the text that nearly all other Christians use, but also is jumbled into what Jefferson believed was the correct chronology of Jesus' life. 

History of publication Jefferson apparently did not want to publish his work. In fact, there is good evidence that even his own religious identity he guarded steadfastly unto his death. He lived in a time when deviation from orthodoxy was taboo. Additionally, as a Forefather in American history, an entire nation was looking to him at times (and even much of Europe too), and confusing the populace with his own uncertainty in faith would only complicate matters and jeopardize their trust in him. 

The reasons for this conclusion are based on the history of publication and the purpose of the work. 

Disclaimer I always reserve the right to be proven wrong. There may indeed be a self identified Christian group that uses the Jefferson Bible. If so, I would bet they they are Unitarian, or even more liberal in their doctrine, especially regarding their Christology and Theology. Deists are said to be "the natural religion", which seems about as liberal in theology and doctrine as is possible. I would not be surprised if there are humanist/secular groups that stress moral living that use the Jefferson Bible, but probably as an adjunct to their more central ideologies. So called "Christian Atheists" are exactly what the Jefferson Bible would do well for. They are non-believers, however they find a high value in the ethics laid out in the Bible. But aside from assertions that they exist, I know nothing about them. 

It is impossible to prove a negative, but I believe that there are not any active groups that self identify as "Christian" and use the Jefferson Bible, as it is called. 

They charged Jesus with blasphemy, a very serious crime to the Jews, but meaningless to the Romans, who had the sole authority over penal actions. Nevertheless, the angry mob handed Jesus over to Pontius Pilate, the governor of the area. Pilate questioned Jesus himself to ascertain the truth and what should be done. Pilate eventually determined that Jesus was blameless according to Roman law, so he attempted to have him released. There was apparently a custom where Pilate would release a single prisoner during the Passover feast based on the wishes of the multitude. Pilate presented them with two options. 

The events surrounding Jesus' death are rife with trickery and very clearly outside of normal legal proceedings for the time. The short answer is that the Jews believed Jesus committed blasphemy, but they had it out for him long before He supposedly did blaspheme. 

You also should keep in mind that precision like we expect today was not expected out of historians in centuries past. Often getting "close enough" was good enough. Today, History is an effort to catalog facts. In most ancient writings there is usually a purpose to the writing, such as keeping the culture and religion of the people alive and known, which is the first objective. Then the facts kind of just find their way in there. There are exceptions, but in general, ancient writings are just not as meticulous. 

You can see that they wanted him dead even if they had to use "trickery". They did arrest him, but seemingly without cause in the Garden of Gethsemane. He was then taken to the Sanhedrin where he was questioned. This was the trickery. Many false witnesses came out and accused him of many things, but Jesus remained silent. It was not until Jesus spoke that the High Priest declared what Jesus said as blasphemy then demanded that no further evidence was needed to warrant Jesus' execution. 

Jesus said to him, “It is as you said. Nevertheless, I say to you, hereafter you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right hand of the Power, and coming on the clouds of heaven.” 

Before Jesus was captured and executed, the High Priest and his assembly plotted to kill Jesus, seemingly because they did not like the kinds of things he said, but not because he actually broke any law: 

Purpose of the work Jefferson was very likely a Deist, according to many historians, and that is in line with his goals for his bible. He states explicitly in a number of places that his work was meant to remove any elements of spiritualism. Consequently, the work only includes portions of the gospels, those being purposefully the passages that do not contain any miracles, hints at the Trinity, or specific elements of any specific god. 

This form of dating was extremely common in the ancient world. In some respects, it is better that they did this instead of their own calendar dates, because those really only mean something if there is a reference point. Imagine you came to a brand new world and they decided to tell you a story. They then say that story occurred on the 6th day in the 3rd month of the 500th year. The natural question is 500th year in relation to what?