I have had my own daughter tell me this as well as a few of the kids I have either cared for or taught in a classroom over the years. While it is rude of them to say, and could be hurtful to the adult, the first thing is to remind oneself from whence the comment is coming - a disgruntled child angry at being corrected or not getting his or her way. They rarely really feel that way over-all (even the adolescents who usually use stronger language to essentially say the same thing). 

I have always heard its a bad idea until they're two. However, I did use some baby signing videos before that (the pictures are slower moving and I wanted her to learn sign language) Then, when she turned two, we still monitored the content and amount that she watched. My rule of thumb was, if she's watching I have to watch with her. That way the TV didn't become a baby sitter and I knew that what she was watching was of true quality (For example, Dora teaches numbers and colors etc in much the same way as many other shows, but she doesn't really teach much Spanish as a lot of parents are convinced she does - its often the same sets of words from one episode to the next). 

As you point out, this is different for different kids, but the fact that you are asking regularly improves the chances that the result you are wishing for will be sooner rather than later, because you are helping to set him up with the expectation that you will ask. Developmentally, most kids can do this by the time they are five and it happens sometime during the third or fourth year (usually about the same time when they develop theory of mind). 

What else would your child be doing if she did not start kindergarten? Would the child have easy and safe access to playmates and play spaces? Are there easily available (and affordable) good preschool programs for your child? Some schools are unable to continue preschool programs for children that are officially "school-aged". 

Your child is most likely, not yet in the "pre-operational stage" of cognitive development. What this means is that he does not yet understand that if he can't see it, it is still there or that things happen to others when he isn't there. However, obviously there are stages involved in getting there. Piaget (a forerunner in studying and understanding cognitive development) argued that developments toward symbolic function (The "pre-operational stage) happen during the preschool years. This video clarifies this really well and show examples of early play that demonstrate the beginnings of development toward symbolic function - for example, imaginative play. The video does a nice job of showing a lack of understanding to have entered the pre-operational stage by showing a child playing "hide and seek" by simply covering its eyes. During the beginnings of the "pre-operational stage" a child might hide as well - but always in the same place. If you watch the whole thing it will show more "false belief" tests like those in the other video above but for for determining if your child has completed this stage of development and gained "symbolic function" or not. Most kids cannot "pass" all of these tests until sometime between five and seven. 

It looks like you are considering what is now called academic "redshirting". As a former preschool teacher and Middle School teacher, I have personally seen quite a lot about Kindergarten readiness, effects of redshirting down the road and spoken about it at length with colleagues. There are a lot of reasons to delay beginning school, but as with many things we are likely to over think the question as a lot of the research is showing it has less of an impact for MOST kids than most parents think it does. It is still a decision that should be made with a lot of thought so. . . 

Preschool teachers often have a pretty good idea of whether children are ready for kindergarten. If your child attends preschool, his or her teacher knows how he acts in the school setting. If he still cries after you drop him at preschool, he might not be ready to get on the bus to kindergarten. Do not hesitate to ask your child’s teacher for her opinion and advice. She might suggest something in-between, like a pre-kindergarten classroom that many public schools have. Also, be sure to visit a kindergarten classroom that your child might attend, talk to the teachers, and observe how the other children behave and interact. Many schools even have a time when you can bring your child with you to visit