Simple answer: none of this is as simple as your friend pretends it is. For openers, belief is not static, it is part of the continuum called life. What I believe and accept today is different from what I believed and accepted a quarter of a century ago. (I was not a confirmed Catholic then). What someone believes or doubts today may, through a variety of influences, change. 

Minor breaches are classified as venial sin, which is related to the scripture that states that "there is sin that is not mortal." (1 John 5:17) Using the source that @Birdie provided, I offer a similar but differently organized answer, and also challenge the frame of Adam and Eve's initial condition being as stated -- a state of justification or a state of grace -- on the basis of a Covenant theological approach. That approach is explained in Systematic Theology by Louis Berkhof. Just because Grace is a gift from God does not mean that receiving a gift establishes you in a state of Grace. 

1 Liturgy of St. John Chrysostom, Anaphora. 

Failing to follow the ten commandments will predispose a person to fall into sin, and in some cases mortal sin. This raises the distinction between heresy and doubt. From @AthanasiusofAlex again: 

God established a covenant of redemption with Jesus. Mortal sin is a grave transgression directly related to the Ten Commandments. 

1858 Grave matter is specified by the Ten Commandments, corresponding to the answer of Jesus to the rich young man: "Do not kill, Do not commit adultery, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Do not defraud, Honor your father and your mother." If you parse "ex communicate" as meaning something close to the original Latin -- outside of the {faith} community -- the person so doubting and objectively professing rejection of the dogma has removed him/herself from the faith community. Once one turns away from the Church, it is a short distance to turn away from God, and willful turning away from God is taught as the path to damnation. 

What do you willingly accept/embrace? Once disobedience was chosen by tasting of the tree's fruit, God's promise came true. Death entered the human condition, which it had not until disobedience was chosen. I harp on this point because death is the opposite of their original condition -- life -- which was eternal life. Mortal Sin is explicitly tied to the Ten Commandments in the Catechism of the Catholic Church. Failure to resolve a grave breach of the commandments puts the person at risk of exclusion from God's kingdom. I recommend a review of articles 1852 - 1864 to get the full flow of the sequential argument. Graces given repaid by the sins of pride and envy Paul was given a particular Grace, a Gift from God, that took a particular form. Others are given graces that take other forms. Among the graces given to us is the people that we know and meet who bring God's word to us, in both word and deed. If we reject them -- nope, I'm not buying it until Jesus strikes me blind for three days -- how do we know that we have not just rejected God's grace? We don't. 

Since the initiative belongs to God in the order of grace, no one can merit the initial grace of forgiveness and justification, at the beginning of conversion. Moved by the Holy Spirit and by charity, we can then merit for ourselves and for others the graces needed for our sanctification, for the increase of grace and charity, and for the attainment of eternal life. 

It appears, then, that Pius IX was aware of these two aspects of Extra Ecclesia Nulla Salus, and did not feel they were contradictory. Nor does the Church now feel that they are contradictory: This is a re-translation of a quote from the Dogmatic Constitution Lumen Gentium: 

Dominus Iesus (a declaration of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith); the quotes cited are respectively from Lumen Gentium, a document of Vatican II, and Redemptoris Missio, an encyclical letter of Pope John Paul II 

Actually Catholics would have to assent to the statement that "once saved, [one is] always saved" (I'll refer to this belief as "OSAS" for short). The difference is in when Catholics believe one is saved. 

(I added verse 15 for clarity, verse 16 is in bold.) 

God is perfect (Deuteronomy 32:4, Matthew 5:48). That's His standard and His requirement to be with Him forever. No human however is perfect (Romans 3:23). Jesus is God become man (John 1:14). Therefore, He is a (and the only) perfect human. Jesus offers to swap His righteousness for our sins (2 Corinthians 5:21). This is possible because He sacrificed Himself for us on the cross (Philippians 2:8). Therefore we can immediately, on turning to Jesus, been declared perfect (forgiven) in the eyes of God (Acts 10:43). As one of my friends once said, summarising the whole Gospel in seven words, "We don't reach Him, He reaches us." It should be noted that this is rather a "standalone" passage, in that there is nothing similar in Scripture, so it is unwise to base a doctrine on it. However, you could read into this: I don't wish to sound flippant but you don't convert anyone. God does. Having said that, our responsibility is: 

Jesus didn't, because the word "Christian" only appeared much later. Acts 11:26c: 

Jesus is here preaching to dead people in hell (implied by "he went and preached to the spirits in prison who disobeyed") and He would not preach unless there was hope of their salvation. Note though that this is speculation and not a central belief of any mainstream Christian denomination (that I know of - but see @brillant's comments, below).