Reverting to the question, the Roman Catholic Church of Kerala has been permitting its members to enter into matrimonial relationship with a non-Roman Catholic believer provided that the member gives an undertaking that he/she will raise the children in Roman Catholic faith. Whether the Malankara Orthodox Church permits such marriages, can be answered better by its members. Hope someone is listening ! 

(iii)...telling the Scribe who had come to have a debate with Him :" You are not too far from the Kingdom of Heaven " (Mark 12:34) ... 

One would be curious to know as to why only a few original words of Jesus in Aramaic are transliterated in the Gospel . Did evangelist Mark intend to give certain emphasis by quoting the original words ? What is the Catholic Church's teaching on this topic ? 

The concept surrounding the Cross, as we have today, was evidently developed post-Resurrection. But the audience of Jesus, for whom Cross symbolized capital punishment awarded to criminals ( like what gallows symbolizes for today's generation), might have understood the term Cross in an entirely different perspective. One would therefore surmise that either :(i) the usage of the word 'cross' was very much prevalent in everyday language of the people of Jesus' time , or, in the alternative : (ii) Jesus might in fact, have used some other term(s) which the Evangelists later summarized in 'the Cross' which had by then become a commonly accepted term. 

Catholics in India, for the last few generations, have been following a unique practice of naming their children. The children are invariably given the baptismal name after a saint; but once they enter school, many children are given Indian names which hardly have any resemblance to the baptismal name, and which eventually become their official name. Many of such official names owe their origin to names of natural forces like sun, light, wind etc. and of objects like precious stones , flowers etc. I would like to know whether Catholic Church has issued instructions, at any point of time, on how Catholic couples should name their children on baptism and thereafter. 

"And He said to all, “If any man would come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross daily and follow me." 

What does this prophecy imply, and how was it fulfilled? Are there any authentic teachings from the perspective of the Catholic Church available on this prophecy and its eventual fulfillment? 

"But far be it from me to glory except in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by which the world has been crucified to me, and I to the world." 

My question is: has the Catholic Church ever studied the prospects of option (ii) above ? 

But, nowhere in the Gospels is Jesus addressed as Immanuel—directly or indirectly. It appears to me that that the word with its literal meaning implies more of an attribute than a name. So, what is the Catholic view on Jesus having been given the name Immanuel? 

We also read at Galatians 16:14 

The Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church is a break-away part of the universal Catholic Church and was formed after the Coonan Cross Oath , taken on 3 January 1653. It was a public avowal by members of the Saint Thomas Christian community of Kerala, India that they would not submit to Portuguese dominance in ecclesiastical and secular life. The swearing of the oath was a major event in the history of the Saint Thomas Christian community and marked a major turning point in its relations with the Portuguese colonial forces. The oath resulted in the breaking up of 54 years of Portuguese Padroado (Patronage) Jurisdiction over the Malankara Syrian Church, started with the synod of Diamper in 1599 A.D. convoked by the Portuguese Archbishop Dom Alexio De Menezes. While it is true that Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church does not accept the supremacy of the Pope, there are many common practices among the Roman Syrian Catholic Church of Kerala and the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church. In fact, there is a rite in the Roman Catholic Church of Kerala called the Malankara Catholic rite (of members who had 'returned' from the Orthodox Syrian Church) which accepts the supremacy of the Pope and freely enter into matrimonial relationship with the Roman Syrian Catholics.