I highly doubt there is a correlation between sexual orientation and the kind of toy one plays with at five years old. I can't imagine what would cause that, anyway; 'boy toys' and 'girl toys' are social constructs mostly unrelated to biology or sexuality, but to the expected role those children will play as adults.* 

From that range, find the two lines that best reflect the range. If three lines best reflect the range, use the outer two lines (ignoring the middle one). Then follow those lines until they meet the height you're looking at; mark the two points where the lines cross the height ("stature") line. However, you can look at growth charts to see how children typically grow. There are two major sets that I'm aware of; the CDC growth charts and the WHO growth standards (I link to the CDC's page on the WHO growth charts, as I find it easier to navigate; they link towards the bottom to the WHO page itself.) In the US, the CDC recommends using the WHO standards up to 24 months old, and the CDC charts above that. CDC charts have the major weakness that they're based primarily on Americans, and so will have less utility in countries where growth is significantly different - either due to genetic causes or environmental ones. Note that "Height" is sometimes called either "length" (for babies/toddlers) or "stature" (for older children). The CDC's charts use "Stature for Age" in the 2-20 year old child charts. Also verify you have the charts for the right sex - boys and girls grow differently, of course. In your specific case, she wants you to draw things - do so! Don't worry that you're doing most of the work. She's learning from watching you do it, and if you manage to make it more fun for her than frustrating then you'll be doing her a huge favor. I would mix different levels of drawing - sometimes draw something that's close to a child's level of talent (Stick figures) but if you can draw things that are better, do so also - both as she may pick up some more advanced techniques, and so she can see what her eventual abilities may lead her to.