On the other hand, you have football, where running backs touch the ball maybe 300 times a season, quarterbacks maybe a bit more than that, and the rest of the players nearly all have fewer than 100 touches a season. Basketball has a bit more in the numbers department (thousands of shots per season), and that's why it is more-or-less the second best statistical sport. Hockey you have a few hundred shots per season, perhaps, and there are some things you can do based on game appearances - which is where the best stats are found in hockey (like the Fenwick or Corsi statistics). Quantity will somewhat make up for quality in statistics; Baseball, though, has both. Most of baseball takes place in a single one on one interaction: Pitcher throws, Batter hits. In that sense, it is fairly easy to tease out the performance of the batter and the pitcher based on the result in many cases. A home run, a walk, a strike out, all of these are entirely based on the one on one matchup and the other eight players might as well be having lunch. For example, in this case, you would say that the expected value of Player A's total bases after one at-bat is 0.450 (his SLG). So, in an average at-bat Player A records 0.45 bases. Player B, similarly, records 0.32 bases in an average at-bat. This all assumes that it is an offical at-bat, and not a walk or similar, of course. You could actually do this with batting averages, too, of course. 0.300 is also the expected value of the "hit" statistic after an at-bat. So after the two players both bat, the expected value of "hits" for the team for those two at-bats is 0.3+0.28 = 0.58. It also may impact when a player becomes a free agent, as a player becomes a free agent after six year's playing time - not calendar years, but season-years. A player may earn 172 days of service time in a year, from day of game 1 to day of game 162; if he earns 171 or fewer, then he hasn't completed his full year of service, so it's standard to wait at least 2-3 weeks for that first year (and a bit more if a player had a few days of service time the year before in September). The "expected" rate, I'd imagine, is the same rate as any other space on goal of equal size to the crossbar. But is the "distance covered" metric measured this way actually analogous to running? Is 8 miles on the soccer pitch equivalent to some greater distance on a racetrack? What's the conversion rate for "distance covered" in soccer vs. running? It seems like a lot of shots hit the crossbar in hockey. Is this just my mind playing tricks on me, or do more shots hit the crossbar than might be expected for a bar a few inches wide set above a goalie's shoulders. And is it higher than would be expected? Michael Bradley of the US team leads all athletes in "distance covered" during the group stage of the 2014 World Cup with 38 km (23.6 mi) in 270 minutes of play. That's about 8 mi per game (90 min), for an average speed of 5.33 mph. I would think yes, considering Bradley and other players are in fact sprinting and resting (more tiring, I think, than medium-distance jogging), plus constantly shifting directions, which I assume requires more calories than running straight ahead (citation needed). Team B can now add a second player to its roster - maybe a power hitter who can be used as a pinch hitter, maybe an extra reliever, whatever their greatest need is. This makes them a better team than team A, who can't have that extra player on their roster - or at least, are taking a bigger risk in order to do so. To take a slightly more specific example, imagine two teams: To a large extent, a utility player is still a utility player and is still valuable. In analytic terms, even if a player is only replacement level1 at the positions he plays, then it still carries value to the team in terms of roster flexibility. As mhodges has commented, what analytics has brought to baseball is a better understanding of how to rate those utility players - previously, it was perfectly feasible for a player with a high batting average and who stole a few bases, but struck out a lot and played poor defense to stick around on a roster, but we now know that it's probably better to have someone who has a high walk rate and doesn't stink up the joint defensively. In these terms, replacement level is the performance level a team can acquire (either from its farm system, by trade or by signing an out of contract player) for the MLB minimum salary.