That means that political power, which has the three components of 

Overall, it is not something that will "help to save" Nietzsche, as it is some evergreenish theme to leftist intellectuals. Taking Nietzsche seriously, he never even lost actuality. 

I think this is a slight misunderstanding. While the Formula of Autonomy (Ak. 434) is in some sense combining the Formula of Natural Law and the Formula of Humanity (see Ak. 436), the "kingdom" of ends (translation problem! "Reich" is defined as "systematic interconnection of rational beings through their laws" (own translation, Ak. 433), kingdom is misleading here!) adds an interpersonal component that reaches further and is thought as a limitational concept [Grenzbegriff] to the kindom of nature [Reich der Natur] in which it should be thought as realizable (Ak. 438). 

It is described in "Die Welt als Wille und Vorstellung" (The World as Will and Representation). 

Kant explicitly writes on suicide in his Metaphysics of Morals, Part Two, Ak. 421-24. 

I also can't understand people that believe in religion. Sometimes their deep belief and the actions based on it even make me angry. But in order not to be dogmatic, I have to tolerate their belief as long as it does not have direct consequences for my practices (or, in a wider sense, autonomy). I have to respect their autonomy and dignity. 

Viroli, M. (2013). Redeeming "The Prince": The Meaning of Machiavelli's Masterpiece. Princeton University Press. 

You will not want to ignore the impact on them if you could become one of them and simply have to bear the consequences. 

Last point, restating and fleshing out the second sentence of this answer after all: The universal moral law is the general rule including all these aspects simply because of its generality, leaving out any specification (Ak. 436-7 and 402/420-1; hence the Foundational Law of Morals in his second Critique), therefore the aspects thought as combined in GMM are the one highlighted in the Formula of Natural Law with the one in the Formula of Humanity (under above mentioned restrictions). 

I want to add something to the answer of @AlexanderSKing: 

Stage three: Empirical vs. a priori This is the most tricky one to understand correctly. In very short: although a priori literally means something like 'before all experience', this is not meant to be understood in terms of time, but in terms of inference; Philosophy dealing with objects a priori deals with objects and relations necessary for any of the actual experience we have, i.e. of course we need to have experience first before we can even think about its necessary conditions. 

In the contrary, only not lying can be thought as such a law. Having said this, it depends on the interpreter, but I assume that every maxim that is conditioned by the consequences of the action cannot be morally adequate. The end must be a moral one to do so. 

But YES, there has to be "an affinity" between morality and beauty. Actually, Kant states in the quote (which I edited into the question, admittedly) that the positivity (and feeling of universalisability) of the feeling of beauty actually is grounded in it being the symbol of morality. 

So you essentially did miss the main point of the categorical imperative in your paraphrase. 

He basically makes a three-stage taxinomy of philosophy as a whole, as I will show quoting the corresponding bits. It is based on very classical distinctions, mainly coming from Aristotelian philosophy. Bear in mind that historically, all science, i.e. methods and contents that represent knowledge or make it possible, was considered philosophy. That is why the terms are used interchageably (within certain constraints, as Kant rejects certain metaphysical writings as philosophy proper). 

Fundamental rights depend on a single form of life, uniting both bodily and personal life. Having personal life (what a.i. of a computer perhaps will be able to achieve) can therefore not fulfill the requirements needed for fundamental rights. These rights involve being able to claim them. And suffering under the absence of them. Even if a computer could learn that it is normal to claim these rights, it would be sheer copying of the lifeworld of men because of its "socialization". It would be anthropomorph, but nothing more. 

Most of this can be verified on Wikipedia. 

To give a terribly unphilosophical answer informed rather by economics: 

That does make two points to consider: First, we are speaking here of the opposite direction: It is not the moral act that is beautiful, it is the beauty that is a symbol of morality. Secondly, what does this actually mean (for Kant)? 

How is respect (for the moral law) destinguished from both of them?