According to Wikipedia, the 7th Inning Stretch is something that is widely disputed, and no real record exists of exactly when it started. There are several accounts of what could have started it, but no real proof that any of them are the real reason it was started. Can't really comment on why it's in the 7th inning and not earlier in the game. "Maybe a little rebate so we can sign him," said Jones, the only non-catcher who showed up Wednesday, doing some hitting and pronouncing himself healthy. According to this graphic, as of 2014, the average Left Field wall sits about 331 Feet from Home Plate, while the average Right Field wall sits about 328 Feet from Home Plate. So basically they are about the same distance, I wouldn't think it'd give either side much more of an advantage. Here is another article from 2005 where Chipper Jones of the Atlanta Braves offered to take a pay cut so that the Braves would be able to keep Tim Hudson. A popular story for the origin of the seventh-inning stretch is that on April 14, 1910, on opening day, 6 ft 2 in (188 cm), 350-pound (160 kg), President William Howard Taft was sore from prolonged sitting at a game between the Washington Senators and the Philadelphia Athletics and stood up to stretch, causing the crowd to feel obligated to join their president in his gestures. This story is set at a far later date than the others, however, so he may only have given the presidential seal of approval to a longstanding tradition; the story that his physical problems forced him to stand up contradict this, but he might have just been waiting for the proper accepted time to relieve his pain; either way, he gave national publicity to the practice. It is very uncommon that a player, especially one signed to a huge contract would ever take a pay cut to stay with a team, or be able to sign with a team who has a chance to go all the way. It happens quite a bit in basketball, with older players who want to win a ring(reference my first article). However, a letter written in 1869 by Harry Wright (1835–1895), manager of the Cincinnati Red Stockings documented something very similar to a seventh-inning stretch, making the following observation about the Cincinnati fans' ballpark behavior: "The spectators all arise between halves of the seventh inning, extend their legs and arms and sometimes walk about. In so doing they enjoy the relief afforded by relaxation from a long posture upon hard benches." Another tale holds that the stretch was invented by a manager stalling for time to warm up a relief pitcher. Possibly yes. I've only ever heard of players being willing to take less. Here is a link to an article showing players from different sports who have taken pay cuts to stay with a team, or to be able to play one more year even if they might not be the player they used to be. While a player is on the disabled list, he is eligible to play minor league games for up to 20 days (30 days for pitchers) on a rehabilitation assignment, after which he either needs to be reinstated or a waiver process must be completed in order for him to continue playing his rehab stint. Bullpen specialization is a relatively new phenomenon. And there are a ton of factors that come into play, but I'm going to keep it simple here. Runs only count if they are plated before a tagged 3rd out (and never count on a forced 3rd out). In this case, the run is not scored because it does not reach the plate before the third out is recorded (as per the first sentence). That said, the number of days is counted from the last date that the player played. Players are routinely listed as placed on the DL the day after they are hurt. So if you're hurt the last day of June and placed on the DL on the first day of July, you are eligible to come off the DL on the 16th of July. Second, a Perfecto requires that the pitcher retire every batter in the game. That means if the game goes 10 or longer, he must stay in the game in order to get credit for it being a perfect game. As far as the no-hit bid, he would be eligible for credit on a no-hitter or combined no-hit bid in extra innings provided that he or a reliever continued to pitch no-hit ball. if a hit is allowed, even in extras the no-hitter is lost. This requires a great deal of good will from both your NFL and MLB teams (and obviously sufficient star power in both sports for them to be willing to let you have this much flexibility). Also related to this is MLB rule 7.12 My research also indicates that the all time low water mark is: So if you're placed on the DL on 7/1 you can come off 7/16. However, this usually means you were hurt 6/30. There is an additional short term DL in major league baseball that was instituted with the most recent CBA, this is only for players who have suffered a concussion and is a 7-day disabled list. However, for all intents and purposes it works exactly like the 15 day DL just with a shorter duration.