Evidences for sunnah or nafl before the jumu'ah prayer I also found in sunan abi Dawod this statement of abu Musa al-Ash'ary: After the takbirat al-Ihram one performs seven takbiraat. After the takbir of standing up starting the second rak'a one performs five takbiraat. This is based on the hadith of ibn 'Omar from above with the notation, that the narrator didn't mention the takbirat al-Ihram, so the amount of takbir is referring to those takbirat after it! This opinion is also held by ibn Abd-al-Barr and ibn Hazm. So the most important thing is doing things sincerely not how one omits the niyyah or expresses it. See also: How do the hanafis explain praying 10 raka't of optional prayers after jumu'ah? Female can perform salat al-janaza as it's narrated in Sahih Muslim. So it's no bida'h at all if a woman performs this prayer, but a major condition for this is the presence of the corpse of the death person for whom this prayer is performed! So taraweeh prayer as a nafl or sunnah prayer has at least the same level of tawab or prescription for women, even if scholars (especially those who say that a woman should pray at home) say it's preferable for a woman to pray at home. And this is the only hadith on qabd compiled by al-Bukhari, but it doesn't reach the condition of musnad hadith which would qualify it as-Sahih according the title of the book! Mulla 'ali al-Qari even assumed that "the order in this hadith" refers to the time of the caliphs not to the time of the Prophet()! Result or conclusion and advice The details on takbeer during the Eid prayer from the sunni perspective: And therefore if you feel uneasy or disturbed by people who plop in the room you are praying and see you pray, which may mean that they see you performing some "strange" bows or exercises. You should either let them know about it, seek another room or pray in a "hidden" corner. I'm afraid that covering your face won't be a good idea as I assume you are in a non-Muslim society! For the technical term: The Hanafi, Shafi'i and Hanbali school have defined it as sunnah muakkadah, while Maliki school call it mandubah. (Source fiqh according the 4 madhabs in Arabic) Also read this fatwa (only available in Arabic, French, Romanian and Chinese) about the the meaning of the hadith quoted in your Question post. I remember that there was a discussion between Imam a-Shafi'i and Imam Ahmad on the matter where Imam a-Shafi'i could clearly show a contradiction in the argumentation of Imam Ahmad. Is it permissible to split a 4-rakat farz salat into two 2-rakat farz salat? Can women perform salat al janaza Note that ritual purity only needs water to clean a tissue (with a few exceptions based on different madhab views), some scholars however recommend using soap. These prayers are related to the timings of the five fard prayer and are called sunan rawatib (here scholars may have different opinions on the amount which counts as such and how to: set of two raka'a/set of four etc.). Some of these fard prayers have sunan rawatib which should be performed before the fard prayer, some have sunan rawatib after the fard prayer and some have both. See What are Sunnah Rawaatib?. None of these sunnan rawatib is only one rak'a, unless you meant witr, but usually this is prayed at least after a set of two rak'a. For details read this Arabic fatwa islamweb #258265. Do we have to say 'Allahu Akbar' loudly in every rakat of every salat? This is also one interpretation of the second hadith from al-Muwatta'! It would be nice if you could quote an evidence.