Vermont and Texas make the transition directly from being a foreign country to being a state in the U.S.A. (Hawaii went through an intermediate period of some decades between foreign-country status and being a full-fledged state.) Vermont's de-facto independence was vehemently but ineffectually disputed by New York, and New York's governor George Clinton successfully campaigned against Vermont's admission for a long time; otherwise it would have happened almost a decade earlier under the Articles of Confederation (in a sense it almost did happen in 1781 but Clinton exerted great efforts to stop it, and did). Congress granted Texas the right to split itself into several states without any further action by Congress. In Vermont the state constitution that had already been in effect for years simply continued in effect with no changes at all when the state was admitted, and the governor and other state officers who were already in office under that constitution simply continued their terms of office without even so much as getting sworn in in the manner prescribed by the federal Constitution. (Might something similar have happened in Texas?) Kentucky was a part of Virginia until it became a separate state in 1792. Under Article IV, Section III, this required the consent of the legislature of Virginia, which was given in 1789. (I think governing such an extensive state was expensive and inconvenient and they also wanted more southerners in the U.S. senate.) Strangely, the act of Congress admitting Kentucky was actually passed two weeks before the act admitting Vermont, although Kentucky was not admitted until well over a year after Vermont. Because of New York's claim that Vermont was legally part of New York (although Vermont was under a government that refused to recognize that), Vermont could not be admitted until New York's legislature consented in 1790. Maine could similarly not be admitted (in 1820) without the consent of the legislature of Massachusetts (granted in 1819, I think?) and West Virginia was a strange case, admitted during the Civil War with the consent of some anti-secessionist legislators in Virginia. The Great Awakening burned more brightly in the US than in Europe. We were more interested in religious and spiritual matters. I personally believe it is significant that African Americans participated at all levels in the Great Awakening. A free African American could achieve significant status as a skilled preacher. 

Bank of International Settlement A full answer to the question would address the cause of the 1857 panic; unfortunately the 1857 panic was caused by shortfalls in the specie market and it is commonly known that I cannot discuss specie based currency without entering a irrational raging madness that causes me to froth at the mouth like a rabid dog and post page after page of furious invective of the quality usually found on conspiracy web sites. Today I've chosen to spare us that spectacle. 

The civil war was arguably the first industrial war - although the war was fought with boots & bullets, the war was won with trains and industrial production. The North ultimately won because it could outproduce the South. 

It appears that authoritarian governments can employ strong economic policies to kickstart capitalism and raise prosperity. Both Japan and China have done this successfully. Of course the same policy can fail as has happened repeatedly. There are ideological arguments whether that is sustainable – some would argue that the current Japanese economic problems arise from governmental vetoes on normal economic corrective activities. I think there are more developmental economists studying this problem than there are countries in the dataset. 

Isolationism has a long tradition in America, but so does engagement. Washington counselled against entangling foreign alliances, but Jefferson actively supported the cause of Revolution in France and advocated spreading the revolution far and wide. 

Excellent point - I believe that the tax collection powers of a sovereign republic (vice the subordinate republics you mention) affect the competitiveness of credit. Development of that thesis in the context of your observation would, I think, be interesting, but outside the scope of OP's question. In "The Origins of Political Order", Fukayama makes a throwaway comment that the key is that the government be accountable to the people; democracy is only one of the ways that accountability can be created. He doesn't develop the concept (at least not to the extent that I would have liked), but I suspect it is the key to the answer to this question. Let’s begin by setting some boundaries to make the question reasonable. Congress granted Texas the right to split itself into several states without any further action by Congress. In Vermont the state constitution that had already been in effect for years simply continued in effect with no changes at all when the state was admitted, and the governor and other state officers who were already in office under that constitution simply continued their terms of office without even so much as getting sworn in in the manner prescribed by the federal Constitution. (Might something similar have happened in Texas?) Kentucky was a part of Virginia until it became a separate state in 1792. Under Article IV, Section III, this required the consent of the legislature of Virginia, which was given in 1789. (I think governing such an extensive state was expensive and inconvenient and they also wanted more southerners in the U.S. senate.) Strangely, the act of Congress admitting Kentucky was actually passed two weeks before the act admitting Vermont, although Kentucky was not admitted until well over a year after Vermont. Because of New York's claim that Vermont was legally part of New York (although Vermont was under a government that refused to recognize that), Vermont could not be admitted until New York's legislature consented in 1790. Maine could similarly not be admitted (in 1820) without the consent of the legislature of Massachusetts (granted in 1819, I think?) and West Virginia was a strange case, admitted during the Civil War with the consent of some anti-secessionist legislators in Virginia. You might want to reivew the history of the NATO alliance, Charles De Gaulle, and the special relationship. 

Update: @Lohoris asks about the native populations. Both countries had native populations. The British policy in America was to displace the native population and settle the territory as English territory. (Jack Rakove's lectures are indispensible to understanding this), while India was more densely populated and the British policy centered on economic exploitation rather than full displacement and incorporation. I think the British strategy in India was in part derived from the results of the American revolution, which is one of several reasons I chose not to address it. I think the role of the British relationship to the native population is complex and nuanced, and I know that I'm not qualified to address that question, and I'd be very skeptical of anyone who tried to deal with that question in an essay the length of a SE post. 

Wikipedia doesn't note his specific expertise; Senator Quayle had served on the Arms Control and Disarmament committee and from what I understand was perceived as experienced and educated in that field. 

There are too many questions mixed together here; I'm going to try to separate them out. 

tl;dr Modern industrial warfare pushes the economy to 100% utilization; this cures the effect of an economic downturn (which is effectively suboptimal economic utilization).