If the chain is attached then the likely problem is hub / free wheel is not engaging. Some times it is as simple as cleaning and lubing. Most free wheel are not serviceable. 

This is the order they wear out: chain, cassette, then chain ring. You get 2-3 chain per cassette. And typically 2 cassette per chain ring. Kerosene is not a good choice as a solvent as it is flammable. The length between chain lengths needs to match. So the old chain matched up to the old ring. The new chain does not match up with the old chain ring. I agree with the answer from jimirings and don't want to start a cross chain debate. 

8 speed cassette You need an 8 speed chain 7/8 is the same size 

I suspect the middle chain ring looks worn. If so for sure time to replace it. 

There are a lot of opinions on cross chaining. I agree with this cross chaining. I almost never to small to small but I will go big to big a lot as on the flats I only need it for a few strokes accelerating from a stop. The small gears on the cassette tend to wear out first so I like to use the big gears when I can. 

When I lubed it recently I noticed that one of the links seemed loose, but I didn't want to take the time to take it back to the LBS (which is now on reduced less convenient winter hours). Should I use a winter lube? What (product or servicing) should affect/prevent rust on the cassette, if that's necessary? 

I like to keep my bike in good working order, so that it rides very well (but, arriving home each evening after an hour-long commute, I have had no time for bike care: I just lock it, in the laundry room). Is this rust only cosmetic? It was replaced (new) two months ago, since when they also had the back wheel off to replace its brake pads. 

What should I know about that? 

What tool(s) and parts should I have had with me, to fix it? It happened when I "stepped on it" (on an empty residential street). It left the chain on the road. Also, the usage instructions for your Pro Link lube suggest that you shouldn't be sticking your chain in a solvent: that there's a cleaner built in to the lube itself. Both were new 5 months (4000 km) ago. The chain is about 60% worn/stretched. I've been riding 5 days/week, 40 km/day, Toronto on mild winter roads, and using only 'dry' lube (i.e. alcohol and teflon) on the chain. It looks like rust on my chain and cassette. 

I'm going to take a wild guess that it might be because you don't have fenders: that it doesn't matter how often or how well you maintain your chain, if it's filthy again within 5 minutes of getting on the road.