These concepts make people think that Jesus was not actually God and that only God the Father is actually God. The idea here is that if someone wants to come to communion, we should not prevent them. It may very well be the means that leads to their salvation! Clearly that's not something we would want to withhold. Other verses seem to emphasis this: 

Summary Ultimately, it seems that there are very widely dispersed opinions on this matter. The biblical basis as you asked, is 1 Corinthians 11:27-28. However, the interpretation of that verse has lead to varied regulations. 

Does anyone know what these reasons are? I'd like to know if these religious arguments against IVF are biblically based. If so, what passages do they use to support this argument? 

Key Verse: I'll put this here for later reference: Embryo Screening is the process of fertilizing multiple eggs, checking their DNA makeup, and then screening out the eggs that do not meet the requirements. These requirements can be anything from potential health issues (genetic diseases) to gender preference. 

Also, in Matthew 4:10, Jesus himself says to: ...Members of the Orthodox Churches, the Assyrian Church of the East, and the Polish National Catholic Church are urged to respect the discipline of their own Churches. According to Roman Catholic discipline, the Code of Canon Law does not object to the reception of communion by Christians of these Churches. It seems that regulations and opinions on this are varied. It depends (very strongly) on the denomination and what they believe. In Catholicism Catholics actually allow others to take part in the Holy Communion, with tight restrictions. Or, put another way, whether Jesus existed at the beginning? Since John 1:1 asserts Jesus' Deity, then Psalm 90:2 asserts, albeit indirectly, that the God of the Old Testament (Tanakh) and Jesus, the Word, are one and the same. What about the Holy Spirit, the third member of the triune God? JOHN 18:5-6: They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus saith unto them, I am [he]. And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them. As soon then as he had said unto them, I am [he], they went backward, and fell to the ground. 

In conclusion, my godly grandfather was more than happy to share his conversion story with anyone, any time. As a child growing up in England, he was reared by Christian parents and was taken to church regularly. At a certain age, however, which was probably when he was quite young and still living at home, he claimed Psalm 51:7 for his own. It reads, 

Group prayer is powerful. Group prayer is natural. Group prayer is necessary. 

Yes. As John 1:1 indicates, Jesus already existed "in the beginning," prior to the first creative fiat of God; namely, Each of the above details of Jesus' death can be found in prophetic passages in the Old Testament (Tanakh), with Psalm 22 and Isaiah 53 as outstanding examples. 

Individual, private prayer is good. Communal or group prayer is also good. We need not choose between one or the other; rather, we need to do both on a regular basis. Only then will both our personal relationship with God be strengthened and our relationships with other believers become more meaningful, fulfilling, and loving. What I am looking for: I am sure there are "countless" examples in favor of this doctrine, but I am curious what the counterarguments are? I am interested in maybe the top 3-5 counterarguments that a "non-numerologist" would use. 

However, after Satan's initial sin, he appears to have still had access to the realm where the angels stand before God (which we call "heaven"). This is what I was getting at in my "examples" link in my answer (which you linked). Here are the verses from Job that I was referring to: 

However, Christians do not build their beliefs on the philosophical conclusions of non-Christians; we build our beliefs on Scripture. Therefore, if a Christian uses the term "omnipresent" to describe God, it is a given that it should be defined according to Scripture: God is omnipresent in the sense that He is present everywhere in heaven and in the physical universe, but not in Hell. At the end of the day, any Systematic Theology (whether it be of Hell or of omnipresence) should be based on the complete counsel of Scripture, and not prior commitments (i.e. agendas) and proof-texts. The view that God "must" be present in Hell seems to be based more on prior philosophical commitments than sound exegesis.