PS: I could not find any images of primary sources of scythe chariots. Those might well exists, I just have not found any. Let me wikipedia that for you. There are some reference at the end of the article that I would check instead of relying on wikipedia. The Battle of Gaugamela maybe a better reference with lots of references given. 

The major change from the Republic to the Empire was the decision to keep for life as the head of state first Caesar then Augustus. Thus it put the top job in the hands of one man as long as that man was alive. There was no peaceful way to remove the Emperor at this point and since they controlled the army (or they would not be emperor) they had military power over the rest of society. Chariot races did not feature armed chariots as far as I know, although I maybe wrong. Constantinople maybe a better source to look at but again, I do not recall any armed chariot races there. 

In a similar way, you could say that the 4th of 5th French Republics are the "same": president, prime ministers, ministers, parliament, elections, yadda. Or that the French and English prime minister have the same function. Overall, you would not be too wrong but the devil is in the details. Thus why we refer to the Roman Empire, the Holy Roman Empire and the Byzantium Empire as different beasts even though they are all called "empires" and come from the same root. In my comment, I mentioned my hypothesis that monotheism might have been the cause of the dispute. OP indicated that I needed to clarify. In a polytheistic society such as Rome, monotheism is very suspicious. Rejection of societies shared gods implies a rejection of societies shared values and foundation. If the Jews reject Roman values, then implicitly they must not be far from rebellion. The issue wasn't that the Jews were upset by monotheism, but that the Romans were suspicious of people who rejected Gods, Virtue and laws (the concepts weren't entirely distinct). 

Aside: I'm also relying on my personal experience in fighting multiple opponents - something I do regularly. Mobility is key. It doesn't work the way it does in the movies where the stuntmen stand in a ring (which is conveniently just on the edge of the camera frame so you can't see how inept they are) and wave their weapons vigorously but politely take turns in attacking the protagonist. The moment the combat starts, the defender needs to be in constant motion; the key to success is to move in such a way that the attackers are hampered by their partners. The specifics don't translate to formation fighting, but the principle of greater mobility = greater probability of survival = does translate. 

Additionally, it was common and probably expected that soldiers would rape captives in a war. This included both women and the boys. That also extended subjected peoples. For example, the Revolt of the Batavi was said to be in part provoked by the Roman military's sexual assault of Batavi boys. In this scenario and that of the sex with male slaves, the homosexuality would seem to be an expression of manly virility. 

In addition to the Via Domitia passes, the other theory is that Hannibal crossed at the Col de Perche in the Central Pyrenees. A route like this would indeed bring Hannibal close to Andorra, as the question's alternative hypothesis argues. However, it makes relatively less sense for Hannibal to choose this unnecessarily difficult path. 

This is a subject of some dispute, but perhaps the most common view is that Hannibal probably crossed the Pyrenees via the mountain passes of modern Le Perthus. 

The remaining walls of the old Roman building is still visible in St Martin's Church today - Ryan, Francis X. Rank and Participation in the Republican Senate. Franz Steiner Verlag, 1998. He was dispatched by an Indian ruler to meet with Augustus, and killed himself by immolation in Athens. This embassy is well attested in the works of ancient writers, such as Plutarch, Strabo, and Cassius Dio. Strabo wrote, for instance, that: This suggests that Polybius thought Hannibal followed an ancient route, one that the Romans later surveyed and paved as the Via Domitia. The Via Domitia leads into Iberia (where it links up with the Via Augusta) through the Col de Parnissars and its neighbouring Col du Perthus, both to the west of the Albères. During antiquity these were the main passes across the Pyrenees, and it would have been perfectly sensible for Hannibal to make his crossing here as well 

Indeed, an Indian presence was attested to in Alexandria, a major cultural and commercial crossroad. The orator Dio Chrysostom, for instance, remarked that: The luridly detailed and particularly depraved tales of orgies, incestuous rapes and virgin fetishism involving emperors reported by Suetonius may or may not be accurate. Yet the mere fact that such rumours were preserved indicates that contemporary Romans did not find them so implausible.10 

However, homosexuality with male slaves was quite mainstream in Roman society. Or at least, penetrative (on the part of the Roman) sex with his own slaves were quite acceptable. In this regard it seems the military did not function differently from the rest of their society. For example, Marcus Valerius Martialis wrote a poem commemorating a centurion friend, Aulus Pudens, and his relationship with his slave boy Encolpos. Unlike the case of a Roman being penetrated, here the passive partner/victim was already considered degraded and further defiling wasn't of concern.