Jamming: KQs is doing badly against the average TAG players range in this spot. Even if you give him a generous range of {99+, AJs+, AQo+, KQs}, KQs has 32.42% equity against this range. He isn't folding enough of that range to a jam to justify doing so. So, when you combine the fair amount of fold equity you have here with your massive amount of equity in a multi-way pot it becomes a clear jam. Put in as much quality volume and quality study/review as you can per day. If you know you're tilted/tired, stop playing and study/review. Do NOT fall prey to the tendency all new poker players have to become an autopiloting grinder at micro-stakes. This is basically poker purgatory. It's far more important to play, say, 2-4 tables of cash while focusing on making good reads and decisions instead of mindlessly grinding 16 tables. So, so many people, myself included, have made this mistake. To answer your question entirely, if I for some reason decided to lead the flop here I would still bet $30 as you did, but for a completely different reason: for value. $30 bet into a $74 pot on the flop and then jam the remaining effective $85 on the turn when the pot is $134. If I was going to try to push him off {QQ-99} I would just jam the flop (but I can think of literally no situation I would ever do that). This is a perfect opportunity to semi-bluff. You have 9 outs to the nut flush and 3 outs to top pair. The only hands that are going to be comfortable calling your all-in are a completed straight or combo draw. You'll get a fair amount of folds from overpairs/top pair in this spot and many good players will fold two-pair or a set here. And when those hands don't fold, you are still in fairly good shape against them. Also consider buying Jared Tendler's Mental Game of Poker. It's considered the best book on managing poker tilt out there. And that's really the most important point. By jamming over the small blind's $80 bet, you fold out a ton of hands that would have jammed themselves while still being in good shape if you do get called. This changes drastically if you can't label your opponent as tight-aggressive. If he is even remotely loose, I'd be getting it in with QQ on K52 rainbow every time, every day. I'd never be folding. Identifying your opponents strategy. Determine, and implement, the maximally exploitative response. So, before you even sit down at a table, whether it's online or live, you should have, at the minimum, a readless starting hand range that will maximally exploit the strategies of the average population. That's a pretty complex task but you can, once you understand the general idea, come up with a rough starting hand range that will do well versus the population. Note that I'm not saying your line, as played, isn't profitable — it definitely is. But what many players don't consider is that you need to try and choose the line that maximizes expectation. There might be numerous lines you can take that will, in the long run, be +EV, but there is only one best option. Let's pretend Hero knew the villain had QQ on the flop. How much would Hero need to bet for villain to fold? I'm sensing a flawed thought process here. You do not want Villian to fold QQ on the flop. You should be betting for value, not as an attempt to fold out his hand. You don't want to fold out the portion of his range you're beating. You want to extract chips from him. So, the process of elimination only truly leaves you two options: call or fold. If you are fairly confident he's not a nit, see a flop. Your question is slightly all over the place but I'll try to answer it the best I can. 1) Did you find my thought on flop reasonable of calling? Yes, absolutely. You should only tend to count backdoor outs as 1 out though. Giving yourself 3 extra outs for a backdoor flush draw is a little too generous. Apart from that your calculation was perfect. He gave you a great price to call and if you pair your King/Queen or hit your gutshot on the turn you'll likely have the best hand. This is an iterative process. As you gain more information, solid or intuitive, on the population you can tweak your readless starting hand ranges accordingly. Your best bet is to sit down with a tool like Pokerstove or Equilab and craft some starting hand ranges that you think are reasonable.