Work with the development team to estimate the high-level features by breaking some of them into granular stories and estimating those in detail. The metrics/KPIs that you wrote in the roadmap should help you write better acceptance criteria for the stories. However, you cannot do that with agile projects. Agile projects do not have the notion of a timeline committed in advance for a task nor the notion of an assigned resource. If they are, they wouldn't be agile. These are characteristics of predictive processes. Agile is an adaptive process. For example, in Scrum, stories remain in the backlog and can be moved up or down (re-prioritized) until they are scheduled into a sprint. The Sales person will have a vital interest in keeping in the loop, especially if additional opportunities are in the pipeline. For example, if the schedule looks likely to slip, this person can lobby with top management for additional resources. But this person is not equipped to communicate to the client about the status of execution. Once you have identified the goals, list the high-level features necessary to reach the goals. PM should be single point of communication for status, schedule and scope As Mark pointed out, this depends on the size and complexity of the project. However, here are some tips from my experience in managing software projects. So the PM should be the single point of communication for the following: Also, what you are attempting to do appears to be adding avoidable paperwork burden on the resources. You presumably have other tools to track your agile projects and non-agile projects. I strongly recommend against making resources fill out and watch additional tools and processes. And the PM should listen in on all other communication with the client about the project. Penalty clause for non-performance or an outcomes based contract Whether a project is feasible or not could be subjective. My suggestion is that you should try to come up with a few objective measures of success. Also, define how exactly that will be tested and what specific thresholds must be passed. And then lobby for a penalty clause to be built into the vendor contract for non-performance. By preparing the above roadmap with heavy involvement from the stakeholders you get their buy-in. Use this opportunity to firm up the vague marketing statements If the stakeholders are interested in firming up the schedule, it is a good thing. Use this opportunity to create the first draft of the Goal Oriented roadmap in consultation with the stakeholders. This will cover the following: Set the expectation with the stakeholders that you will work with the development team to firm up the first release and the next two will be subject to a 25% revision. Releases beyond the third one are tentative. Explain to them that the team and technology are new. How often you plan to release and what will be the main goal of each release. The example in the link shows quarterly releases. But, you can do monthly releases, for example.