I am not an anti-realist, but since none stepped up I'll try to explain as I understand it. Dummett, the founder of modern analytic anti-realism, emphasizes that unlike realism, anti-realism is not a unified doctrine, one can be an anti-realist about some specific domain (mathematics, physics, ethics, past, future, etc.), and a realist about the rest. The motive behind it is that for statements to have meanings they must be understandable, and understanding them means being able to access evidence for or against them because meaning can only be communicated to others overtly. Unfortunately, we do not have a satisfactory theory of meaning (semantics) of natural languages, i.e. of understanding words, or even of using them (pragmatics). Kripke's causal theory of reference for proper names comes closest to a consensus, but only if it is narrowly restricted to proper names, and even then it is not too close. The alternative theory, that we pick out referents by definite descriptions, still has many supporters, and recent experiments to test folk intuitions on this score were inconclusive. Moreover, the two theories have complementary problems, see Kripke's Revenge by Sider: Of course he did. But I can not think of a justification available to Aristotle that wouldn't equally justify that Sun revolves around the Earth. Yet "Aristotle knew that Sun revolves around the Earth" would be seen as a misuse of "knew". Did Aristotle know that water is heavier than air? Sure, but to him it meant that the natural place of air is above the natural place of water. Are we still answering "yes"? Did he know that the universe is finite? Did Newton know the law of inertia? Keep in mind that to him inertial motion happened relative to the absolute space, and means of formulating the law without it weren't worked out until late 19th century. Did Eistein know about the dark energy? Cosmological constant was introduced to stabilize the universe, not to accelerate its expansion. With old units that predate modern science, like foot or meter, one can imagine some ancient baptism and chains of transmission that led to their adoption and spread before the French Convent ordered physical prototypes to be made. New units however, like joule or ampere, were exclusively specified by definite descriptions, and even with the old ones the Bureau of Weights and Measures consistently moved away from physical prototypes. The meter was not tied to the Paris prototype since 1927, so even Wittgenstein's discussion of it was already moot, let alone Kripke's, and the current description adopted in 1983 is "the length of the path traveled by light in vacuum during a time interval of 1/299 792 458 of a second”. 

The irony is that it was quantum "spooky action at a distance" that originally motivated Einstein's demand of local realism, yet in view of Bell's inequalities he'd have to accept something far spookier to keep it. But the good news is that while Bell's inequalities do not rule out superdeterminism, they do not mandate it either, they are perfectly consistent with measurement choices being undetermined, along with their outcomes. And that is by far a more plausible interpretation. EDIT: jobermark's answer gives a nice example of a priori in color perception, which should not be controversial. But this highlights the issue: neither color nor space perception evolved since ancient Greeks, or even since prehistorical tribes, while science did. If Kant was right about mental a priori then he had to be wrong about something else, like the acquisition of knowledge. Perhaps, reason can take from perceptions more than it put there itself after all. That would require a mechanism for forming new schemes/categories, which are not hard wired (and listed in Kant's table), but are extracted from perceptions somehow. Structural realism for instance concedes that "essences" of objects do not enter our experience, and only relations among them are reflected in our theories. In this view interpretational indeterminacy is baked into the cake, as long as there is a transformation connecting two theories that preserves their relational structure, they equally reflect as much of reality as we are entitled to. This can be tightened up by insisting that theories not be considered in isolation but in a holistic system that exhibits internal coherence. A sophisticated realist then admits that even big pieces of successful theories may be discarded (like ether and phlogiston were), but optimistically hopes that as science progresses larger and larger portions of it will match the objective reality. 

I understand the reasoning, what I do not understand is what drives it. What makes some properties/relations essential and others not? what do we gain by attaching "essential" to them, and "necessarily" to statements? For example, is "inertial mass=gravitational mass" necessarily? Like Hesperus and Phosphorus they appear in two ostensibly different situations, when measuring inertia and attractive force respectively, however every measurement to date produced identical results. It is as empirically solid as the identity of Venus's manifestations, and a postulate of general relativity. But is it necessary? and what does that mean in practice? What about "green is extended" that Quine puzzled over, certainly every manifestation of green we met or imagined was extended in space?