Further, it is not clear to me what a student with only a marginal grasp of Aristotle stands to benefit from reading Confucius. A proper recognition of the intriguing similarities and dissimilarities between these two thinkers presuppose deep knowledge of both, not little smorgasbord sized bites of each. I think a detailed knowledge of the western canon is required for a western philosopher to appreciate Confucius. Just as I would expect a detailed knowledge of the Chinese philosophical tradition would be required for a Chinese philosopher to appreciate Aristotle. 

First, we must distinguish the questions of philosophy from a tradition of particular answers to them. I think the questions of philosophy are at least at some foundational level universal, because they arise from shared human experiences. Humans are social animals, so there will be questions about the nature and purposes of the rules which make life in community possible. Hence there will always be questions of ethics and political philosophy. Humans, apparently universally, accord important social privileges to some epistemic states, we rank "knowledge" better than "opinion" and want to get more of the former. Hence, questions about the nature and purpose of knowledge will always arise. The western tradition in philosophy comprises a series of different ways in which these foundational questions have been raised, discussed, debated and addressed. It is a particular tradition, with roots in one particular time and place (Greece of the 6th and 7th centuries BC--although there are influences from other cultures). We can speak in just the same way of Indian philosophy, Chinese Philosophy and so on. None of these traditions is absolutely self-contained. But we can see some interesting parallels. There are importantly similar interests in the theory of correct argumentation in Indian and Chinese thought, just as there is in Greek thought. There are interesting ethical parallels between the kind of virtue ethical theory Aristotle propounded and Confucianism. These aren't surprising--as I say, the questions are universal, so it isn't surprising we would find similar kinds of answers to those questions in different traditions. 

Forgive the wall of text, but Prof. Jackson rightly calls our attention to some big issues that can't be given glib, short answers. Two last thoughts about how race and gender can hurt you in the profession that I don't know how to mitigate. First, young philosophers need mentors. You need somebody to teach you how to write for publication at big journals. You've got to know what the profession is talking about how to cast your ideas so that they are responsive to these broader professional currents. Such mentors are hard to find. If there are only 2 people at your graduate program who actually have the kind of publication/professional chops to be able to mentor you on how to do that, then you face a non-trivial chance that neither of them is going to be willing to mentor you in that way because of your gender or race or sexual orientation or religious preferences. If that's your situation, you can't really change it except by changing programs, I think. It's unfair, unjust and awful. But I don't see what else a powerless graduate student could do about it. 

Note that the statement "on a quantum mechanical scale" is itself a vague statement. Most physicists believe that matter behaves according to quantum mechanics at all scales, it's just that for objects which are large and rigid enough, we can use less complicated models of physics such as Newtonian mechanics to describe what's going on. So even saying "on a quantum mechanical scale" is insufficient to save us from an infinite avalanche of bengal tigers. If we want to put teeth into a statement such as this, we need something subtler than equality; we need actual numbers and differences, to describe differences in size and in probability. 

(There is a notion of 'coolness' which is actually conformist, e.g. the things which "all the cool kids" do. I would class this as a sort of error of the same type as cargo cult science, except in the domain of personal self-determination and corollaries to personality extending from it.) (If you want to ask about whether the lack of any existence is identical to everything existing at once, without reference to mathematics, that would be a separate question, but one for which I doubt that there is an interesting answer; I would say it is either "no" or "there's no way to find out", depending on what limitations you put on the multiply existing worlds.) Popper believed that Marx's ideas led to dictatorship based on his observations of the events in the Soviet Union and the actions of the Stalin government. So for your question, it would be useful to list a number of religious experiences: Enlightenment after meditation, revelation by supernatural means, radical changes in worldview and spiritual outlook, etc... and then compare a new instance (i.e. an experience that we want to determine is religious or not) against that list and see if it bears any resemblance to its items. 

Since here it is hard to put a precise definition on what a religion is, it is even more difficult to precisely define a religious experience. So why does Hegel "escape" the charge of being a precursor to Nazism while Nietzsche has to be constantly defended from it? On the other hand, it would have been too early for him to be aware of these challenges to the logicist/positivist program at the time that "The End of Reason" was published (1941) - Quine's "Two Dogmas" was published in 1951, and Godel's result (1931) was still too recent to be known, and its implications understood, outside of the specialized logic community.