Sometimes alternate post are not competing with original posts only complimenting them. I seek to compliment and amplify Affable’s post which has already more simply stated. Partly to help me straighten it out in my own mind! 

Understanding this number is deeply rooted into how one understands Revelation. I understand it as speaking of a near prophecy of the Roman Empires attack on the church, and in so doing, mirroring a continuous and distant prophecy of the churches existence in the world until the final judgment, with some things principally intending their final fulfilment. In this contact 666 probably meant something very specific to the readers at the time (which they could decode) as well as being symbolic of something for all time and which at the end of the world may also take on renewed and final significance. History in the Bible is treated as a kind of prophecy so the meaning of 666 may be fulfilled more than once. This is the foundation of the high level authoritative office of prophet and the function in it, representing God’s will, currently and sometimes in the future. 

We obtain full and general forgiveness in our justification without respect to any good work: 

So what are the Biblical concepts of ‘prophet’? 

As we find the concept of the trinity more fully developed upon the actual appearance of the Son in the flesh, the name Lord is transferred to Christ so that Jesus takes the title Lord, that is the One and only God. Therefore if we pray 'Dear Lord Jesus' we are praying 'dear the one and only God - Jesus.' 

The problem with this question is that the Bible is not a single book, and as such does not directly address what "other books" are considered canon. As far as the east is from the west, so far has he removed our transgressions from us - Psalm 103:12 

While Mesopatamia (i.e. Iraq) is where the Tigris & Euphrates are, the remaining two rivers (Gihon is in Israel, and the Pishon is, I believe unknown, though some scholars think it is the Nile) are not. 

One last avenue of argument - Temporal Omnipresence Now, here's where I'm going to shift from God's motivation to what I suspect is the real thrust of the quote - If God is more concerned about what he would make of us, then once we come to him, any time we spend focused on what we were is distraction. We feel guilt and shame, to be sure, but the awesome news that is the Good News is this - God has forgiven us. 

Samson's father Manoah did not recognize the Angel of the Lord until after he and the angel sacrificed to the Lord (Judges 13:16) One biblical admonition that is often cited is Rev 22:19, In his book Solving Marriage Problems, he makes an interesting claim: 

Neither John nor Mark say anything about the birth of Jesus at all, so it is not surprising at all that there is nothing about the virgin birth. 

While not exactly a denomination, the famous baseball-player-turned-pastor, Billy Sunday, is probably most associated with the evils of "theater, cards, and dance." His influence on Fundamentalists, Baptists, and Evangelicals of all stripes is legendary. The implication here is that water came from two directions - springs from the deep (i.e. underground water) and from above (the floodgates of heaven). Extending the metaphor ever so slightly, a floodgate is holding something back - according to the Institute for Creation Research, that is the canopy. Briefly, hours were reckoned from sunrise - the third hour of the day would be about three hours after sunrise. Depending on the time of year, that is usually around 9 or 10am in the morning. So, here's the question - What biblical texts or traditions would bear on the proposition that "Diseases and sins are separate things." In other words, how could I make either the claim that "If something is a disease, it is not at the same moral level as sin" or "Just because something is a disease, doesn't mean it's a sin." 

As such, there has only been common consensus as to what is canonical and what is not. (This is also why it is downright silly for people to talk about "suppressed" books or "hidden gospels", because frankly there is no authority on what is or is not canonical.)