Meanwhile, the Jin dynasty had, at the time, consolidated politically, and developed a formidable army with the right combination of training, tactics and leadership to win major battles against a moribund and complacent Imperial army. They also had the political savvy to bring disaffected nobles and officials to their cause, most notably General Wu Sangui. With the defeat of the Shun Emperor at Shanhai Pass, the supremacy of the Qing was assured. It took a succession of emperors and a few decades before all of China was brought into the new empire, mostly due to resistance to being ruled by yet another outside power - but in the end, Hong Taiji was able to reconcile the culture of the Manchu with the culture of the Han, and cement the Qing as a dynasty. Since that didn't do the trick, her conspirators strangled him, dumped him in the woods, and framed Blackadder for it. Also, Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley had his house blown up by his wife, Mary Queen of Scotts - after he stabbed her handsome continental boy-toy in front of her - Eligibility for the Navy Occupation Service Medal had ended in 1952. For both organisations, their advantage is that it's easier to integrate their officers into the larger uniformed services than civilians. This is useful in wartime: essentially, they provide reserves of scientifically trained officers for the military. Other countries use more normal military reserve services, or commission civilians when necessary. The drawback is that the government can't get rid of them so easily as civilian staff, when it wants to. The Soviet RPG-43 was a shaped-charge hand grenade. This required getting within throwing range of a tank, and was also quite difficult to use correctly. Another part of it was that the supply units for the panzer divisions were dedicated to that job and fully motorised, so they could keep up, and supplies and fuel for several days of combat could travel with the division. The idea was that they'd have won by then. The WRAF seems to have been more integrated with the RAF from its foundation in 1949, with about 80% of trades open to women from the beginning. The first female aircrew were in 1962, and training was fully integrated by 1970. Operational female aircrew happened in 1990, and the services merged in 1994. Again, there was plenty of time for retraining. The other example is the de Havilland Mosquito, which was extremely difficult to intercept. The reason for this was that it was almost as fast as the German fighters (although not as agile) but had superior altitude performance, thanks to excellent streamlining and superior engine superchargers. However, the reasons it could hit anything with bombs were that it had a second crewman to aim the bombs, and advanced navigational electronics, which again needed a second crewman to operate. It was the most successful WWII example of the Schnellbomber concept. The transition process was long enough to give plenty of time for retraining. Oswald's Sharpshooter badge seems to have been all he earned. The NOAA Commissioned Corps descends from the Coast and Geodetic Survey Corps. Before the USA entered WWI, the Coast and Geodetic Survey was a Federal civilian organisation responsible for surveying the USA's coasts and interior. They were needed to do surveying for the war effort in WWI, and the Army and Navy officers normally seconded to the Survey had been withdrawn to do military duties. If civilians were captured on the battlefield doing surveying, they could be shot as spies, so the Coast and Geodetic Survey Corps was organised by commissioning the civilians. And it's stayed a commissioned organisation ever since, although the name has changed, as have the scientific fields they cover. Meanwhile, the Jin dynasty had, at the time, consolidated politically, and developed a formidable army with the right combination of training, tactics and leadership to win major battles against a moribund and complacent Imperial army. They also had the political savvy to bring disaffected nobles and officials to their cause, most notably General Wu Sangui. With the defeat of the Shun Emperor at Shanhai Pass, the supremacy of the Qing was assured. It took a succession of emperors and a few decades before all of China was brought into the new empire, mostly due to resistance to being ruled by yet another outside power - but in the end, Hong Taiji was able to reconcile the culture of the Manchu with the culture of the Han, and cement the Qing as a dynasty. Harrying tactics borrowed from the Cumans, steppe horse-archers similar to the Mongols that Ladislaus IV had defeated prior to the Golden Horde's arrival. Since that didn't do the trick, her conspirators strangled him, dumped him in the woods, and framed Blackadder for it.