As mentioned vinegar (an acid) works to kill the bacteria. The same goes with a domestic alkali such as baking soda. If this pre-wash is too much effort and you just want the bacteria killed then you can get TAED or 'oxy' add-in for your wash - same aisle as the regular washing powders, smaller packs. This works at low temperatures and with my clothes but there is no way in a million years that I would advise an 'Assos' garment (or equivalent) be washed with TAED. 

The aim of the game is to not have the bacteria grow, it is therefore best to shower before riding to work (not at work) as fresh sweat does not smell - just the bacteria that develop 12 hours later (when you are home). Therefore, clean body and no bacteria gets transferred to the clothing - it stays that bit cleaner. 

The fundamental problem with synthetic garments is that some of the fibres (particularly early nylon and current polyester) have spaces within the fibres that are perfect-sized cocoons for growing the bacteria that give rise to body odour. 'Boil wash' the garment to kill the bacteria and you damage the fabric. Cold-wash to look after the fabric and you don't kill the bacteria. It means you cannot win on a regular machine wash. 

Also of use is a dehumidifier, the DeLonghi DNC65 will work wonders in the changing room at work or at home in the winter months to purge moisture from the air where your clothing develops its pong. A lot of life's problems were solved with the DNC65 for me and my invariably damp cycle attire. 

You can also invest in the base-layers that have silver particles embedded in them. These are up-market garments that cost a bit more but pay off in the no-smells department. 

You are correct in that the small cog must fully engage against the splines and it does not appear from your third photo is that it will be able to. Though the LBS put the spacer in the correct place, they apparently missed some other fundamental incompatibility. A new 7-speed cassette will work correctly with a 4.5mm spacer; but there were so many variants of older cassettes that it is difficult to be certain what will work. 

There are clearly some incompatibilities between your cassette body and and the new small cog that it's butting up against, as well as the additional protrusions on the back of the cassette. 

Whichever solution you pursue, the mechanic that did this installation should have noticed the assembly failure and advised you to of your options rather than letting you ride off with an unsecured cassette. 

Your best solution is probably to purchase a new cassette, as compatibility with an 8-speed cassette body using the 4.5mm spacer will then be correct. If price is particularly a sensitive matter, you could alternatively modify the spacer you have to fit appropriately. Off-the-shelf spacers for this situation don't exist, unfortunately. It looks like you'd need to notch it for the three prongs on the back as well as remove a small amount of material to account for the protrusions on the front of the hub.