In 1955 book Eros and Civilization Marcuse attempts to synthesize social theories of Marx and Freud to develop a "non-repressive society". Althusser's fuses historical materialism and structuralism in his Reading Capital, and a number of essays. Both were influential in 1970s. On structural Marxism, see also Offe's Structural Problems of the Capitalist State. 

Boonin argued more recently (Thomson's paper is from 1971) that the above distinctions are either morally irrelevant, or do not apply to abortion in their moral aspect. Here is a critique of that due to Beckwith. Lakatos Methodology of Scientific Research Programmes: Mollified falsificationism 

Hockney also gives an atemporal interpretation of the Big Bang based on his metaphysics, according to which the Big Bang singularity is not an event in time but rather a metaphysical posit somewhat reminiscent of the "initial state" of Plotinian One or Hegel's Geist. I suppose there is also some affinity to the no-boundary cosmological proposals, a la Hartle–Hawking, where the temporal world is emergent on a timeless substrate in a manner that can be remotely analogized to performing a Fourier transform, see On the Emergence of Time in Quantum Gravity by Isham and Butterfield (especially pp.52-62). Here is more Hockney: 

I am not sure what kind of "proof" is referred to, so I'll interpret it as epistemological justification of psychoanalysis, or in the context of psychoanalysis. Psychoanalytic epistemology has been discussed at length, here is an encyclopedia article about it, which characterizes it as "epistemology specific to psychoanalytic knowledge as well as the psychoanalysis of mental processes required in the construction of knowledge", and here is Roustang's paper On the Epistemology of Psychoanalysis. Roustang is critical, but he gives a good summary of Freud's and Lacan's positions. 

Wittgenstein Tractatus: linguistic atomism 

Freud largely subscribed to the usual hypothetico-deductive epistemology from phenomena to theory in science declaring: 

Husserl's phenomenology is somewhat unusual in philosophy, understood pragmatically it can be seen as a system of mental techniques for exploring ideal objects, discovering structure in them and connections between them, and provides insight into the workings of mathematical intuition when finding new results and their proofs. His writing style can be surprisingly lucid to a mathematician, his early training shines through in striving for precision of language, he often coins new terms to make exposition more precise, and in the presentation of examples and arguments. I found Ideas for Pure Phenomenology (often abbreviated as Ideas I and available online) particularly insightful in this regard. Husserl's idea of ideal perception attracted Gödel, who saw it as the basis of mathematical intuitions, writing "our ideas referring to physical objects contain constituents qualitatively different from sensations or mere combinations of sensations, e.g. the idea of object itself". 

Fodor: Propositional Attitudes: Language of thought 

Putnam: Threefold Cord: Mind, Body and World: Critique of functionalism, linguistic externalism Quine is even more explicit in Pursuit of Truth, where he comes out in support of the axiom of constructibility due to "the considerations of simplicity, economy, and naturalness that contribute to the molding of scientific theories generally", and because "it inactivates the more gratuitous flights of higher set theory, and incidentally it implies the axiom of choice and the continuum hypothesis", thus "rounding out" ZFC. This is followed by a favorable mention of constructivism and predicativism, which of course do an even better job of "inactivating" the higher set theory. Indeed, Field's fictionalist programme of reducing mathematics of natural sciences to a predicative minimum is close to the realization of Quine's own youthful dream (with Goodman) of complete nominalism about mathematics. If successful, it would allow to dispense with the indispensability argument, and platonism even about numbers. See Burgess's Why I Am Not a Nominalist, who calls Quine and Putnam "false friends of numbers" on this score.