A simple model of infinitely deep infinite time The fact that you can't just point at a collection of something and say "there is negative-three", "there is square-root-of-five", or "there is six plus three-i" are the reason why some people who are frustrated with those ideas feel justified in saying they aren't actual numbers. It's a fair criticism, in fact, and points to the fact that we never sit down and talk about what numbers are really meant to be. Of course, these days someone could also go their entire lives without seeing a chicken, and they accept that there is an animal which is vaguely involved in the creation of the eggs which they sometimes eat for breakfast. Certainly, for those of us who did not grow up on or near to a farm or a zoo with chickens, we accept the existence of chickens as an article of faith for some years. Similarly do we take the idea there are "numbers" which don't correspond to collections of things as a received idea. You might even say that the world is described "unreasonably effectively" by the notion of colour; there's no particular reason why so much of our experience should be describable in terms of colour. We don't talk every day about the scent of steel, the sound of plastic, the taste of granite. Somehow, the world is shaped in such a way that our dominant mode of sensory perception happens to be extremely useful for describing a lot of the world. Surely coloured light, in exactly the range of frequencies which we are able to see with our eyes, must play a fundamental role in how the universe works! Surely 'red' has a fundamental reality beyond our own existence; surely the colour red has an unchanging, even Platonic, nature to it! 

Is zero a different object in the two models? If you believe that mathematical objects obtain their 'identity' through their relationships with others, you might say so. But in the axiomatic theory, there is only the one name for the object in the different possible models; as if we could identify Charlemagne-equivalents in two different alternative histories involving different conditions for the collapse of Alexandrian Greece. You might say that perhaps that the axiomatic system has only one object, whose properties are underdetermined. But of course, without being able to prove whether or not the system is consistent (or whether or not the model being described is the group of order one), we cannot say whether or not 0 = 1 holds in the axiomatic system; that's a pretty important relationship to be able to ascertain, and yet the best we can do is to suppose that it does not hold (and hope that we're right). So in fact any consistent system is underdetermined in this way. One can then make a good argument that there is one object, some of whose properties are contingent on further axioms. (If you want to ask about whether the lack of any existence is identical to everything existing at once, without reference to mathematics, that would be a separate question, but one for which I doubt that there is an interesting answer; I would say it is either "no" or "there's no way to find out", depending on what limitations you put on the multiply existing worlds.) 

We use zero to represent a piece of information: that is, that there is zero of some collection. Nothing is not "a thing", but it is usually a state of affairs which is distinguishable from something. 

There was a time (most places in Europe, anyway) when this would have seemed an even more stupid question than it does now. Everyone knew exactly what a chicken was. Even a rich noble would have only had to walk perhaps fifteen minutes and point to an example of a chicken. It was a vibrant and noteworthy part of everyone's every-day experience. So too, our experience with numbers. That (point at a carton of six eggs) is six. That (point to an apple, and another apple which has been cut in half and one of the halves removed) is three-halves. And so on. Symmetry — the principle, essentially in the tradition of Newton's Third Law, that in an interaction between two systems, both systems are comparably affected; and that any apparent asymmetry (e.g. the lack of any obvious gravitational acceleration of the Earth towards individual falling apples) is due to the relative magnitudes of the objects involved, i.e. in the possibility of the effect of the interaction to be distributed widely among several sub-components, so that the interaction is not between two systems but between many. (Here reductionism appears again: apparent asymmetry of interactions is explained as symmetric interactions between many systems, where some large collection of the subsystems appear to act in concert as a single large system whose internal forces are ignorable.) This is witnessed in a quantitative fashion in various conservation laws; the particular conservation laws are also explainable by other symmetries by Noether's theorem, though the notion of precise conservation is difficult to express without appealing to a notion of quantity.