Here's the full transcript for those who care. (Please ignore the formatting of my initial message. I wasn't yelling. The bold/italic was added in later by an enthusiastic moderator.) Should we be doing more to get existing expert communities to work with Stack Exchange? What steps can we actually take? 

What Joel says is true. His 50k figure is generous, even; only 2576 SO users have the Beta badge. However, I think he missed the key point of my question (which is understandable; he was getting hit with questions from all sides at the time). Coors has put a lot of effort into its "cold activated cans" campaign, at least in the US. Basically, they've done some chemistry with inks/dyes on their labels that make them change color when the beverages are cooled to a good drinking temperature (illustration). Apparently, the fancy name for this is thermochromism. 

*Because, uh, you see, I'm about to join your ranks, and I would like to know what I'm getting into... Finally, if you really feel deeply about the evils of w3schools and SQL injection, use their vulnerability to take down their server.* That should adequately prove your point. The custom close reasons are the least defensible of the close reasons, because they appear ad-hoc (we're making them up as we go along). But writing custom close reasons is hard. Writing a good reason seems to be as difficult as writing a good question title. Users get too chatty in comments. A chat system is added to give people a "third place" for conversation. 

*Not an actual endorsement of illegal activity. If you're dumb enough to try this, don't blame me for your jail time. I have noticed a significant number of suggested edits that attempt to fix code, or change the original meaning of someone else's post. 

Your link, asserting that there are five open jobs for every qualified developer is to a page describing a gap of Agile programmers. Is it that it's hard to find Agile developers, or that it's hard to find all developers? If employers are clamoring for the same small pool of talent, I haven't seen it. Either they're not trying very hard, or I don't have what they're looking for. 

Examples of good and bad comments Bad 

It's these kinds of problems that are the reason that I vote to close questions without comment nowadays. GURU: Double-Click the Foo Icon. USER2: What do you mean? GURU Click it twice with your mouse. USER2: What's a mouse? 

Users ask for clarification in answers. A comment system is added to give people a place to write things that are not supposed to be in answers. When you ask a programmer how to do something, the expectation is that you have enough knowledge to understand the answer. In most cases, this means that your knowledge will extend beyond simple syntax and other things that can be readily learned from a programming book, or a wealth of tutorials that are available for free on the Internet. You're not going to like this answer, but I approved every one of his suggested edits (that were in the queue) except four, where someone got to them first and declined them. On those four, I went ahead and made the requested spelling changes. The time to catch overly promotional account holders is early, when we still have the chance to summarily destroy their accounts. 

To find out the genuine value of a question like this, march down the close reasons, and see how many fit: "You shouldn't talk to anyone here in a way that you wouldn't talk to someone in person, including a boss or new colleague." The people who don't need to hear this already understand it, and the people who do need to hear it already think they're doing it right. 

Stack Overflow was not built on the cultural norms of forums; most of the angst that occurs when new users come here occurs because new users think we work just like forums, but we don't (We don't work like Facebook or Twitter either). If you strongly feel that w3schools is going to harm the OP in general, simply leave a comment stating that some information on w3schools may be inaccurate. But it's more helpful to link to a better resource that has the specific information the OP needs. Linking to w3fools is a waste of time; the information that the OP needs is not there. 

Edit: Just had a new idea: set up a special, one-time-only review queue to prepare for this split. Every existing MSO question would go into the queue. The queue prompt would be "Which site will this question belong on after the split?" Options would be "MSE" for questions applicable to the whole network, "MSO" for SO-only questions and "Neither" for questions that just ought to be deleted (plus, of course, "Skip"). 

Possible problems: gray-to-orange ink might be prohibitively expensive to use on a stein, might be toxic and might not even exist. Same for clear-to-green ink. Way back in March 2011, when Joel had a random open chat session, I asked him this: 

Coors has put a lot of effort into its "cold activated cans" campaign, at least in the US. Basically, they've done some chemistry with inks/dyes on their labels that make them change color when the beverages are cooled to a good drinking temperature (illustration). Apparently, the fancy name for this is thermochromism.