it is certain that most of his [Abraham's] forefathers having died in idolatry are deprived of eternal happiness. Some Fathers have believed Serag, grandfather of Terah and the seventh from Noah, had invented idolatry from the flood. But we can find no evidence of that suggestion. Scripture tells rather clearly that Terah, father of Abraham, and Nahor were the first engaged in the worship of idols; it insinuates the same thing by speaking of Abraham; which judges this impious worship was only too old in the world since it was already so widespread. The Basilidians were a Gnostic group that taught Jesus became God at His baptism. Their celebration of the Epiphany on January 6/10, which was originally focused on Jesus' baptism in mainstream Christianity as well, provides the first evidence for the feast. In Eternity Today (Bloomsbury Publishing, 2006), Martin Connell explains how this evidence coincides well with what is known about the rise of Christianity in Egypt. Epiphanes puts the origin of idolatry under Serag. The first idols were not, he said, than just paintings. Terah, father of Abraham introduced the use of figurines of metal, wooden, and stones. The Scripture tells us that Terah worshiped idols, as we show here after but we have no certain proof that neither he nor Sarug invented that pernicious custom. Or again, he repeats his sentiments: Luther’s effort in showing the greed and childish behaviour of many bishops at the council of Nicea leads to the original cause of why the church institutions developed into a power structure, why it lead to a split between east and west and why eventually Protestantism was brave enough to lead the path towards ultimate separation of church and state in the America. Having noted the date of the rapid change upon church structure as a natural result of the conversion of the Roman emperor, one must not think the Protestant Reformation immediately returned perfectly to the primitive structure of the New Testament, or even uniformly believes that it’s the right thing to do today. However one can see the main cord cut with Luther. Although separation of church and state would not really become a necessity until various denominations would settle in America with the need to live together, Luther paved the way for this eventual development by rejecting a more fundamental structure, namely the decisions made by ‘church councils’. Luther heartily rejected aspects of the first council recorded in ACTS (as did every other Christian) and also various parts of the next major council of Nicea. Following Luther's line of thought, 'if many decisions' made by church councils can be rejected, then the 'church institutions' that they establish or support can also be rejected. So the scarcity of such complicated hierarchies is no longer recognised. With this approach we can take our best approximate date to be after the Edict of Milan (313AD) and prior to the Council of Nicea (AD 325). This might seem like too narrow of a guess but there are two striking facts to support this narrow window. First, one can’t overestimate the impact of Constantine, the most powerful person in the world, becoming a Christian and actually intervening in church disputes eventually calling for all Christian leaders to convene a council in order to settle the debate over the nature of Christ. As wonderful as his conversion was to the Christian world in ending persecution and elevating the church into levels of honour never imagined just a few years before, the worldly exaltation and adjoining of state with church would naturally have an impact on it’s institutions for it’s officers would, in one way or another begin to report to the state and be determined by the state going forward. The name "Roman Catholic" is generally not used unto the Council of Trent (1545-1563), it clearly didn't exist before Council of Nicea (325). It was use to mostly distinguish "the others" than to identify themselves. All references above originally came from Origins of the Specious: Myths and Misconceptions of the English Language I am verifying each of them. Back at the ranch, there is no way to pin point the exact day that Catholicism appeared as it was transition, not a quantum leap. There is nothing wrong with using Xmas except from the confusion which may be derived from it. That is, Xmas may be less politically correct and offensive to some, so just say Christmas. 

THE ORIGINATOR OF PROTESTANT “CHRISTIANITY” 

Generally people say "Catholic", but really mean "Roman Catholic". Roman Catholics believe that they were the Christians before denominations as seen here: Trying to pin point a date leads us into murky waters. For example, when was the actual split between Judaism and Christianity? And who considered who different first? Was it when Christians consider themselves distinct from Judaism or when Judaism considered Christians distinct OR when they both agreed (did they ever)? A similar set of questions appears when you ask when Protestantism split from Catholicism. Did Catholics consider Protestants different or did Protestants consider themselves different or do they agree? 

What I would say next is better articulated here: Commentaire littéral sur tous les livres I also checked Calmet's other major work, Commentaire littéral sur tous les livres de l'Ancien et du Nouveau Testament. The volume on Genesis mentions idolatry a number of times, but not in connection with Ham as far as I can tell. In commentary on chapter 4, he writes: 

Attitudes on birthdays In the early church, birthdays (in general) were not seen as something to celebrate. For example, in Origen's 8th homily on Leviticus he writes: The Basilidians were a Gnostic group that taught Jesus became God at His baptism. Their celebration of the Epiphany on January 6/10, which was originally focused on Jesus' baptism in mainstream Christianity as well, provides the first evidence for the feast. In Eternity Today (Bloomsbury Publishing, 2006), Martin Connell explains how this evidence coincides well with what is known about the rise of Christianity in Egypt. Assuming that the person mentioned by the OP got the information directly from Calmet, it was probably this passage. It doesn't actually express Calmet's opinion, though, but could easily be misread to do so (i.e. thinking only the first line of the paragraph comes from Kircher/Ceneus.)