In the Qur'an, Muhammad frequently admonishes guardians not to misuse the inheritance of orphans, but he himself had no inheritance that could have been misused (or very little -- one account says his father was able to leave him a couple of camels and a slave girl). Also it seems very unlikely that Abu Talib would have misused any inheritance belonging to Muhammad. So I'm guessing that his stress on managing orphans' inheritance properly had more to do with seeing other orphans being cheated rather than himself. 

I have tried to understand why Muhammad was not explicit about succession, but all I have found are sectarian answers. One group says Muhammad was explicit, another group says Muhammad deliberately left the matter to the will of the Umma. But I've read a number of (secular, non-sectarian) biographies and other books about Muhammad, and I find nothing in them that would explain why there is disagreement on the matter. 

He was the follower of the religion of Ibrahim (s) 

Accordingly, it could be counted as an accepted hadith as a miracle of the apostle of Allah (peace be upon him and his family). Even there is another similar narration which has narrated concerning Imam Hussein (a.s.) which has mentioned in short as below 

On the other hand, based on what I figured out in regards to the occupation of shepherd, seemingly, Sunnis agree that the/a job of Prophet Muhammad was shepherd, but apparently Shia doesn’t believe so, albeit there appear to be hadiths which point out that shepherd was regarded as a/the job of the Prophet, but Shias have discussion about the authenticity of such narrations … Meanwhile, there doesn’t appear to be an explicit verse in the Quran to mention it, too. 

Different dimensions of the concept of Ummah in the Islamic culture (in short): 

Or as another reply to those group of people who accuse some other people that they are doing it as Shirk, we can mention that: If it is Shirk (worshiping beside the graves), why Since first of Islam so far other people prayer in Masjid al-Haram where there are several graves of prophets and other people such as Hajar (the mother of Ismaeel) and children of … ? Besides, they prayer in Masjid al-Nabi around the grave of Prophet Muhammad (s), Abu-Bakr and Umar. Then we should not consider it as a Shirk. Because if they prayer around those graves, but their intention is for Allah not them. 

As for the source, Juynboll says the most likely common link for all the variations is al-A'mash, that is, Sulayman b. Mihran. 

Edit #2: I am not interested in Qur'anic allusions or implicit references. If Islam's holy writings are explicit about Muhammad's family matters and personal hygiene, I am wondering why the issue of succession was addressed only by allusions and implicit references, not whether the allusions and implicit references are considered valid as a means of choosing Muhammad's successor. 

I have tried to understand why Muhammad was not explicit about succession, but all I have found are sectarian answers. One group says Muhammad was explicit, another group says Muhammad deliberately left the matter to the will of the Umma. But I've read a number of (secular, non-sectarian) biographies and other books about Muhammad, and I find nothing in them that would explain why there is disagreement on the matter. 

Are there any scholars who explore Muhammad's reasons for not being explicit, without bringing in sectarianism, or appealing to Muhammad's superhuman qualities, or appealing to divine wisdom? Scholars who analyze the issue from a secular standpoint? 

On the other hand, based on what I figured out in regards to the occupation of shepherd, seemingly, Sunnis agree that the/a job of Prophet Muhammad was shepherd, but apparently Shia doesn’t believe so, albeit there appear to be hadiths which point out that shepherd was regarded as a/the job of the Prophet, but Shias have discussion about the authenticity of such narrations … Meanwhile, there doesn’t appear to be an explicit verse in the Quran to mention it, too. 

And also by the help of some other sites (Shia Sites). 

Accordingly, it could be counted as an accepted hadith as a miracle of the apostle of Allah (peace be upon him and his family). Even there is another similar narration which has narrated concerning Imam Hussein (a.s.) which has mentioned in short as below 

And [there are] those [hypocrites] who took for themselves a mosque for causing harm and disbelief and division among the believers and as a station for whoever had warred against Allah and His Messenger before. And they will surely swear, "We intended only the best." And Allah testifies that indeed they are liars. (107) 

(I've come to the lord who is creator of the heavens and the earth …, verily my prayers and worship are for Allah and he has no partner…) 

Even though we consider that e.g. there is difference regarding the precise date of his birthday (and seemingly especially between 2 dates), despising that, there doesn't seem to be any remarkable/big problem if we celebrate both of them or at least the one which can be more probable (based on every one belief/assumption). And actually the significant issue is its positive and constructive effect on the society which show a kind of honoring to high-ranking position of the apostle of God (albeit it would be definitely it is held in its the most exact date). 

According to the viewpoint of the Prophet (pbuh) and Shia (narrations), it is a tradition to wear a ring. The design, material and appearance of the ring have all been mentioned in the hadiths. On the other hand, It has also been pointed to wear the ring on the right hand. Of course it is not a Waajeb(indispensable) act, it is just a Mustahab act. 

It would indicate that although my parents are counted as my dearest, but I absolutely believe that you are the apostle of Allah and I'm completely at your service (to help you), even I will be satisfied if my parents as my best persons be sacrificed for you. 

For instance, there are more than 6 million seyyeds (sadah) in Iran, and according to census, there are approximately 60 million sadat all across the world. Thus we cannot say that majority of them are in a specified country. {1} 

First of all it ought to be expressed that your question is counted as a FAQ, since it is considered as the question of many people. God bless you for asking such important question. As you asked