I think this is quite a broad question, so I'll highlight a few parts of the bike: 

Forks: You wouldn't want to swap them, and chances are a beefy mountain fork wouldn't go into a road frame anyway, even if you could get the right headset. Obviously, you want slick tires for your commuter (if you're on the road) since the slightly knobby cross tires that come with them increase noise and can lower cornering speeds (For example, cornering quickly with a mountain bike on knobby tires does lead to washouts sometimes due to the knobs squirming). But things like the Kenda Small Block Eight are fine for commuting. 

In picking your cassette, I'm assuming that (a) it is the right number of speeds for your shifter and (b) your derailleur has enough capacity to use lowest gear. If this is the same sized cassette as you had before, this should be satisfied. 

Racks+fenders: These are wheel size and disc/not disc specific. Read the directions on the rack+fenders. Cassettes: You can interchange them if you want in a lot of cases (touring road bikes often use big rear cogs). 

Too many would be when it starts affecting parts of your life which you're not okay with,e.g. too much money in bikes, not enough space, not feeding your kids for a new bike, etc. 

Jamis's Quest Comp Femme (and other bikes in the Quest line) currently uses that style too, for a carbon composite fork: Getting a bike fit reduces the bike setup part of riding and makes your physical fitness the next problem (and possibly gearing). You may find that the particular bike you have cannot be tweaked to work with your riding needs! (For example, a lot of racing bikes don't work as tourers/commuters). 

You're stuck with square taper bottom brackets. But there are plenty of good square taper cranksets still on the market (new and used). 

You'll never be able to make a Pressfit bottom bracket work in this frame, or ISO threading expecting things like Hollowtech. If you want to change something and you're sticking to this bike, your best bet is to just change the cassette to something with a wider range of gearing. This may necessitate a new rear derailleur (go wide range (marketed with a SGS code) from Shimano). I guess a new chain may be needed as well if you're using weird gear combinations. I suggest you go to your LBS and see what they'd recommend for a new cassette if you want something easier, given the terrain you're likely to ride. 

When they passed me, I just slipped in behind them and drafted for about 5 miles until we parted ways. On long rides, you will find yourself tiring sooner because you won't be able to ride at your optimal cadence. 

Whatever you do, don't "sell all your bikes for THE ONE fixie". 

Disclaimer: I am a fixie hater. I'll try to answer this as if I was impartial. 

Does the fact that they are steel (instead of aluminum) remove the risk of a blowout? 

The guy on the orange fixie has good legs. He would have been just as fast (if not faster) on a road bike. Hmmm… If the bent axle is the only major problem the bike has (by "it slowly died" I take you to mean that it was developing other less-serious problems too), if I were you I would do an overhaul and continue with the hybrid. 

On a recent Sunday ride on a country road, I was slowly overtaken by a group of (5) guys on road bikes. They were "proper" road cyclists, if you know what I mean. 

Looking at it through a speed lens, a fixie has a slight weight, aero, and drivetrain efficiency advantage over a road bike, but this usually doesn't come anywhere close to offsetting the disadvantages... 

If you want to increase the gearing, your best bet would be to install an 11x cassette, if not a Sram 10x. 

I don't know if you have the knowledge/experience it would take to do such an overhaul, but if you were willing to put up $200 in quality components and elbow grease, you could probably turn your hybrid into something that's significantly better than any new $200 bike. 

Your technology is up to date. 53x12 is basically still the standard for road bikes today. 

Is this acceptable behavior? I sure wouldn't mind, but I'm not a religious roadie :D 

The walls of both rims bend out slightly, maybe 10 degrees each. I'm not sure if they were built that way, or if they've bent slowly over time. "As it slowly died, and i bent the rear axle (Don't ask me how, i don't ride it hard) i debated buying a new bike" I recently bought an old Eastman ten-speed. It's got 700x23 tires on steel rims. It does not have the top end speed and can't accelerate like a road bike because of the gearing. It is horribly inefficient at climbing. If you're hardcore and you ride with no brakes, you have to ride more conservatively because of your poor stopping ability. 

If you have n bikes, n+1 bikes is the right amount of bikes to have. ;) Your bicycle is probably as protected as its going to get when it comes out of the factory, so I'd suggest doing nothing (well, maybe crash less). 

I think this is quite a broad question, so I'll highlight a few parts of the bike: 

Ask around the community and see whats there for used bike shops and try to find a decent bike there - you'll also probably get some help on fit there as well. Jumping down stairs depends highly on the type of stairs, but it is too reckless behavior for most college campuses. If you are hitting a lot of bumps while commuting, a rigid bike with fat smooth tires or one with front suspension may be helpful (though, I think for 99.99% of commuters, rigid is the way to go). Stay away from full suspension (which you will only find on the Walmart level of bikes). Also, it is good to have non-quick release wheels + seat post.