There is no duty to register your place of residence. That means if you want to be eligible for voting, you need to register voluntarily. In German parliament elections, for example, people have two votes. One for the proportional representation and one for the local candidate. When a local candidate wins a district, that candidate must gain a seat owned by their party, no matter if they are on the party list or not. There are twice as many seats as voting districts. So only half the seats represent districts while the other half just represent the party as a whole. This system is well explained in the video Mixed-Member Proportional Representation by CGP Grey. However, in practice all candidates for the electoral college make a pledge to vote for the president candidate and vice president candidate endorsed by their party, which makes the actual elections of president and vice president just a formality. You might worry that their self-published sources are not an objective representation of their views. But an aggregated website wouldn't be much better in this regard. Such a website would either have to quote the official statements of the candidates or interpret the positions of the candidates in their own way which wouldn't be objective either. In this case I expect the latter. In Germany there is also a historical component to this: In the (not very) democratic republic of east-germany (GDR), it was theoretically possible but not mandatory to vote in secret. But filling out your ballot paper in public was socially expected, as it showed your support for the Socialist Unity Party (or rather not filling it out but putting it into the election box blank, as this counted as a vote for the SED). People who made use of the polling booth were suspected of not supporting the SED regime. Second, the relevant one where one points out the hypocrisis for the direct alternative: To make this less emotional, let's fictionalize the situation. When everything else fails, the least you can look at is if the candidates are endorsed by any political parties or other organizations you agree or disagree with and make your decision based on affiliation alone. When you look at enough different sets of data, you can find the strangest correlations. But that doesn't necessarily mean that one of them is causally linked to the other. It can also mean that both figures actually depend on the same third figure (so artificially influencing one won't affect the other). But it can also mean that it is just a complete coincidence that the numbers line up until now and there is no point in using knowledge about the development of one to predict future developments of the other. In this situation your opponent basically admitted that they have no argument against the kitten argument. So they now want to talk about a different aspect of the Alison vs. Bobson question. That's only fair. If you expect them to listen to your attacks against their favorite candidate, you have to listen to theirs against yours, too. But for the record you might want to confirm that they concede their point: "I will gladly discuss bakery policy with you, but before we change the subject: Do you agree with my point that Alice Alison's animal cruelty is one reason against voting for her?". They can now either say "Yes" and thereby acknowledge their defeat on this topic or say "No" and bring a proper argument why kitten strangling isn't an inappropriate past time activity for a president.