Wikipedia gives a few helpful examples which show that the English articles, when they are present, do indeed mark definiteness (identifiability), not specificity. We should expect this across languages all around the world. There are two primary word classes: nouns and verbs; generally the more time-stable and the more time-variable. Some languages have distinct modifier classes like adjectives and adverbs, but many do not, with those modifiers being formally in the noun or verb class. Word derivation can change the class of words. Participles and infinitives are two ways in which the variability of a verb is decreased or removed, so that a verb which meant an action gets turned into a word which conveys the idea of the action. The idea of an action is then used as a modifier for either a noun or a verb, but just as with other modifiers, it can then also be used by itself as a nominal in its own right. While there are comprehensive definitions of subject, they won't apply to every language. Some languages use a topic-comment structure instead, such as Japanese. Why are you asking about zero derivations? Only Googled is derived - Lego and Xerox aren't, at least not in the examples you gave. Conjugate is a verb which means specifically inflecting verbs, and decline for nouns, but neither of those words are needed when you can just say inflect and inflection. While the others are correct that the normal description is that participles are "verbal adjectives" (an unhelpful and almost meaningless explanation in my opinion), it is worth noting that participles can also be used substantivally, i.e., as a nominal in its own right. So in Greek ὁ λεγων means 'the one who is speaking' or 'the speaking one', and the same happens in English with gerunds like the happening. The contrasting position is usually called the object. Transitive sentences will have both a subject and an object (John kicked the ball.) In these cases John has the role of actor, while the ball has the role of undergoer. But roles do not always correspond to the same grammatical position. In passive sentences the undergoer becomes the subject (The ball was kicked.) When you say "I made a mistake", you know what the mistake is, but your listeners do not because this is the first time that they've heard about it. If you go on to explain what the mistake is, then it becomes appropriate to say "the mistake" because your listeners can now identify what you're talking about. Specific answers for your examples are: Most communication is intended to convey propositions to the listeners. Propositions generally start with a piece of known information, and then add a new piece of information. Sometimes the new information is communicated through nouns or adjectives (such as John is a man or John is tall) and sometimes through verbs (John is running.) In all three of these examples John is the topic, and in English John is in the subject position. There are some languages where the inclusive forms clearly pattern separately from the second person forms. One such language I've studied is Walmajarri, an Australia language. Here are the subject agreement markers: