One other major group that bears mentioning because they make their stand on Christ's resurrection being metaphorical would be Baha'i Faith. They do not pretend to be Christian but do co-opt quite a lot of terminology and claim to have the proper interpretation/context3 that makes sense out of some other Christian beliefs. If you want an article showing where they are coming from, try How to understand the inner (batin) and outer (zahir) meanings of the Resurrection of Christ in order to successfully prospect and teach Evangelical Christians and other Bible-believers the Baha'i Faith. 

It should be stressed that such views are not mainstream, majority or orthodox in any way. However there are groups that claim to be Christian and hold to a metaphorical view of Christ's resurrection. Likewise, there are groups who claim to be Christian but don't even believe that Christ existed or believe that he wasn't the Christ (God incarnate) or all sorts of other claims. Again, these are not representative of Christian theology but they do exist in the sphere of people who claim to be Christian. 

In fact, most Christian creedal statements starting very early on specifically include a note about the resurrection specifically to counter Gnostic and other belief systems that denied this: 

I am confused about what it really means to activate God's power in my life, which I heard my pastor say. 

At Church (Calvary Chapel) I don't remember exactly what the pastor was talking about but he mentioned the phrase "cosmic energy" when relating to what it is to be in Christ. 

There are passages that make it sound like something actually comes into us (the Holy Ghost, I heard someone say) and actually changes real life situations...in other words things from from the meta-physical or spiritual world changing us and daily experiences. 

(Side thought: if the opposition theory was true of a Roman soldier being his father and keeping it secret for Mary's life - then it would make sense how his facial and bodily features are usually portrayed) 

Is it a sin to believe Jesus was not born of a virgin? 

However, there is only 1 line given to this? 

Science says it is impossible for a woman to conceive a child without the sperm of a man. 

Please see: http://www.worldhunger.org/articles/Learn/world%20hunger%20facts%202002.htm#Hunger_concepts_and_definitions 

Does the collective sin, such as economic injustice, war crimes or greed of others override the promise of God for any of these 925 million who may follow Jesus? 

Aside from Jesus healing people, this appears to me as the biggest supernatural event in the Gospel: Other people rising from the dead, out of graves! 

Lately, I have been questioning my literal faith about God providing the basic necessities like food and shelter. 

I have seen Christians just gloss over this, romanticize about it, make it fairy tale or flat out deny it. 

Are there any connections to Christianity, Bible, apostles, stories, theories, Jesus, etc and cosmic energy and what are they? Are there concepts, such as the holy spirit telling someone something, the same as cosmic intuition? Just diffent ways of describing the same thing? 

I would like to make sure I am not being arrogant or blind by not taking into account the fact that other people do not have basic needs met, when I believe without doubt that God will take care of me. 

Is that true, or is it us just acting and thinking differently? 

I was surprised just by the fact that he mentioned "cosmic energy" and wasn't knocking it but rather comparing it in a positive light. 

"He has sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim freedom for the captives and release from darkness for the prisoners," 

"Those who have ears, ought to hear," was how Jesus would end his proclamations. 

I should note, witchcraft as contraception is not completely bogus opinion. 

However, this is not to say that they're doomed or mud people or in any way permanently deficient, its just where you (you apostles) are meeting this person now, it is not in their best interest to cure their blindness when what they need to do is learn to see. 

Is was Jesus himself says about Himself in the Synagogue. Jesus would be the one who lifts the scales off our eyes by rubbing mud He made from His spit in them. And what does the fella see who has his eyes opened? People who kinda look like trees... Well, that may be what the people were, they are blind like he was blind, but their blindness is spiritual blindness that comes from within. 

also worth noting, from the footnotes of the New American Bible 

If you'll excuse what may be faulty parallelism, you might see that one of the more ancient prophecies about Christ is right next to the denouncement of "those who engage in witchcraft" 

And now, if you'll bear with me, I'll attempt to connect the dots in my brain and you can tell me if it makes sense not. Grace is the thing God gives us, our souls are what perceive it, if our souls are blind (like the tree people or the folks in Isaiah) then we cannot perceive it. If, on the other hand, we are made to perceive it (or rather forced to perceive it, because we are already made to perceive it) then God has done the thing he doesn't do. He takes away our freewill and thereby diminishes our innate capacity to love Him to the fullest (which Jesus says is the greatest commandment). It wouldn't be the greatest commandment if it were merely a command performed by a magician "look into my eyes, you must love God with all your heart, with all your soul etc.)" that wouldn't be freewill and it wouldn't be love, it wouldn't be sacrificial or grace filled or even good. So, for some, it is dangerous to make them come forcibly into the light of God's glory, according to Moses, most folks would die if they tried.