To wonder why Luke may have reversed the potential chronological order of Matthew's account we can only make an educated guess. The 'education' part in a good guess is that we do know that Luke was thinking more of a Gentile audience whereas Matthew was minding a Jewish audience. This is often the only handle we have to try and see why one goes in a certain direction and the other not. 

The most literal of all views with everything in the future, probably a literal 1/3 of the earth destroyed by nuclear bombs or something like it in whatever kind of bombs that might exists in the unknown future. Now everything in scripture is not necessarily treated as truth, even some of the lies and temptations of Satan are recorded in scripture. What the scripture does is treat all of the subjects that it treats, truthfully. It communicates in words, what the Spirit communicates to our hearts, God's mind. This makes scripture like a great valuable treasure above any other material wealth of this world. 

First God is good and infinitely so this means he desires the good all all creatures or he is not good at all.  

Jesus spoke these words as part of a sermon spoken on a mountain to the people. The context of the sermon answers the question of the narrow way’s identity. The sermon is about the character of the kingdom of God in a believer’s life. The narrow way is the kingdom of God, as distinct from the established religion the people were familiar with. Let’s look at several examples taken from the Sermon on the Mount, one from each of the three chapters. Yes he did. Revelation and an epistle by Peter confirm this: For instance, if you look at 2 Peter 1:5-11, we see that continuing in sanctification leads to an abundant entrance into the kingdom. Verse 8 begins with "For if," making it conditional. Otherwise we are shortsighted and are not dealing with sin. God makes a difference, but saves both Christians. 

What is the proper use of money in this passage? In v8, we are told that the non-Christians are often more shrewd in using their goods to further their interests, while Christians are less so. So how can Christians use their money and goods to gain the best results for themselves? If we believe that God gave us our money, what's the best way to further God's ends? How can we spend our goods and money for the growth of God's kingdom? You can dress however you want to, just go. If the church makes you feel unwelcome because of how you are dressed, how you look or any other reason related to your appearance please find a new church, these folks are hypocrites. Matthew Henry Explains this passage with the following in his Commentary: 

To answer your addendum, there's no suggestion that the person isn't already a child of hell, they are made worse by the Pharisees. That's the point here. The point of this passage isn't to make a doctrinal statement (so it would be kind of dangerous to infer doctrine from it), but it's to point out the pharisees that their attempts at proselytization are so horrible and backwards they end up pushing their converts further into sin and condemnation than they already were! 

Finally, let me be very clear. How we dress for church is really a terrible criteria for choosing a church (however it is an element to consider). Good doctrine, Quality of preaching, the kind of worship, and finally whether you feel welcome and comfortable in the community are all things that are far more important in choosing a church than the dress code.