God gave us free will. He allows us to follow or turn away from him. God knows what we will do. However, we have the power to control our responses. If God forced our hand, we would not have free will! 

No Can we know everything about God or fully understand his nature? No, absolutely not! John 14:21 (NIV) Whoever has my commands and keeps them is the one who loves me. The one who loves me will be loved by my Father, and I too will love them and show myself to them. 

God allows us to either reap the benefits of following him or suffer the consequences of turning away form him. He knows beforehand what we will do, but we don't. So, he allows us to fail or succeed for our benefit. 

"How can that be?" objected Theodosius. "Did God foreknow and actually foreordain our deeds from eternity?" 

God wants us to be humble, follow his rules, act right, love mercy, and have faith in him. That is what pleases God. 

"Exactly as God knew I would before the ages," replied the saint. "He foreordained the circumstances of my life, which is guarded by providence." St. Maximus ca. 580-662 a.d. (The Life of Our Holy Monastic Father Maximus the Confessor and Martyr) God allowed Abraham to go up to the point of sacrificing his child, but not to actually do it. It was a test of Abraham's. And Abraham was better because of the test. 

Yes Can we know anything about God? Yes! We can know whatever he tells us about himself. 

The Bishop admitted, "Truly, I do not know. I wish to understand what we can control and what we cannot, and how God foresaw one and foreordained the other." "My lord, you know all this," answered Saint Maximus. "You only ask to try your servant." 

The venerable Maximus explained, "We do not directly control whether blessings will be showered upon us or chastisements will befall us, but our good and evil deeds most certainly depend on our will. It is not ours to choose whether we are in health or sickness, but we make determinations likely to lead to one or the other. Similarly, we cannot simply decide that we shall attain the kingdom of heaven or be plunged into the fire of Gehenna, but we can will to keep the commandments or transgress them." "Explain more exactly what is in our power, and what is not," requested Bishop Theodosius. 

Hebrews 11:6 NIV And without faith it is impossible to please God, because anyone who comes to him must believe that he exists and that he rewards those who earnestly seek him. In other words, once God desires to do something, He has the power to do it, and He does it. This does not mean that God has the capacity to do whatever we can think up. It means God has the power to do whatever He wants to do. Of course "what He wants to do" is going to be consistent with His nature. As we learn more about the nature of God, we can better understand what sorts of things He would do, and can better understand how He works, how we should pray, etc. For example, God is love, God is good, God is just, and so on. Someone might cite Psalm 139:7–10 as proof that God actually is present everywhere -- even in Hell. However, this verse uses the Old Testament term, Sheol, which is more accurately translated as something like "grave" or "death"; even the righteous were said to go there when they die. David's emotive song simply indicates that even if he (a righteous man in God's sight) were to die, God would be with him. Sheol is not the same as "Hell" (in the modern meaning of the term.) Hell is primarily used today to refer to the lake of fire; the place of final, eternal destruction and judgment. The Apostles also taught that Jesus is the Son of God. This jealousy that is attributed to God must be of the first kind then. Consider the following passages, "Jealousy" in colloquial English, means either (1) indignation in response to infidelity, or (2) covetousness of the belongings of others. We can immediately eliminate the second case, because God cannot be covetous; everything is his. Yes. God has always been the same and he exists now, so he has always existed. From the answer to the first question, if you mean "was there any time before creation when God did not exist," the correct response is, "there was no time before creation. There was only God." Do Christians believe God is not only able, but is willing, to break the laws of physics that he created? As principles of human thought, the laws of physics are not a binding code that God "follows," "bends," or "breaks." The laws of physics exist in the mind, on paper, and in silicon, but the whole of creation is subject to the will of the Creator, and he shows his favor to mankind by displaying his power to them for their benefit, so that they might believe that he exists and know that he is who he claims to be. The answer to this question is "no," Christians do not believe that God temporarily changes a set of physical laws to avoid breaking them when doing miracles. The overwhelming majority of Christians believe that Jesus was the Son of God spiritually, bodily, and every other way. We believe that he was conceived miraculously within the virgin Mary by the power of the Spirit of God, and so God is his father not in only a figurative sense, but concretely. Most Christian groups consider this to be a fundamental doctrine of the Christian faith. 

God had no origin. If God became God, he must have been something other than God before that. God does not change (Malachi 3:6). God was always been and is now and will always be (Rev 1:8).