But that relationship means that we have to both speak (through prayer) and listen (through all the ways that God talks with us). That, ultimately, is what a relationship is. A give and take; both speaking and listening. 

Jesus replied “What you have said is true.” 

I don't know about you, but I rarely come across any single item that's worth multiple millions of dollars. 

It all boils down to this: God is a personal god. 

In all four books, Jesus was anointed with expensive oil. Two books show he was anointed on his head, two show he was anointed on his feet. More than likely, he was anointed on once on both his head and his feet. 

If we look at the four gospels, we see Jesus crucified, buried, and resurrected four separate times. The events leading up to his death are similar including four last suppers, four records of trial, etc. 

In order to get this as a concept, you have to pull back and take a look at it in light of other religions. If you look at other religions, you see gods who do not care about individuals. In other religions the goal is to please their god(s) enough to be accepted into heaven. The love flows one direction: towards the god. 

Revelation 22:18 (NIV) I warn everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this scroll: If anyone adds anything to them, God will add to that person the plagues described in this scroll. 

No wonder why the Apostles' Creed states "Jesus descended into hell". 

Apostle Paul cast out the evil spirit by using the name of Jesus Christ. Anyone who believes Jesus Christ is given the power to drive out demons by faith and prayer. 

“‘The Lord said to my Lord: “Sit at my right hand until I put your enemies under your feet.”’ (Psalm 110) 

Do we have the original scroll written by John? NO! No original documents of the books of the Bible are available today. Only copies from the original documents are existing today. 

When Jesus explained Himself to the Jews, He equated himself with God, which incited the Jews to stone him. 

It depends on how you interpret the word "perish" in John 3:16. 

If the intention of the people of Jerusalem was to say "Save us from the hands of Rome", it means they accepted Jesus as the Messiah after seeing all the miracles he performed. But in less than a week they became impatient and shouted "Crucify him!", thereby rushing to a conclusion that Jesus was actually not the Messiah. 

It is up to the individuals to decide what is the true religion. As for myself, after studying all major religions, I found satisfaction in Christianity with strong believe in the Trinity. 

The Jews tried to stone Jesus because He was using the Name of God "I AM" while referring to himself. The Jews exactly understood what Jesus was saying. That is why they wanted to stone him to death for claiming himself as God or for blaspheming the Name of God. 

My view: It's hard to answer that Jews, Christians and Muslims worship the same God or not because everyone claim that they have the Truth. Even I myself will firmly say that what I believe is the Truth(Christianity). The deeper we go inside any of these religion, the bigger their differences are. 

If then David calls him ‘Lord,’ how can he be his son?” No one could say a word in reply, and from that day on no one dared to ask him any more questions. 

What does the biblical Jesus (as opposed to the historical Jesus) think he is? He did not think or try to know who He was, but He knows who He is. He spoke the Truth about himself that He is: