I think that there were probably a great many factors that led to the American Revolution. Concerns about the growing anti-slavery movement in the UK were undoubtedly among them. 

56 delegates signed the Declaration of Independence. 41 of them owned slaves. It is also true that slavery was federally protected in Section 9 of the first article of the original constitution. However, the most that we can reasonably infer from this is that preserving the institution of slavery was extremely important to the authors of the original constitution, but not necessarily to those who signed it, and we certainly cannot draw any inferences about the motives of those who campaigned, and fought, for American Independence but did not attend the Constitutional Convention in 1787. In fact, Elbridge Gerry of Massachusetts who signed the Declaration of Independence (he did not own slaves), later refused to sign the constitution. 

The shifting allegiances could give rise to some very strange outcomes (at least to modern eyes). Consider the election of Crassus and Pompey as co-consuls in 70BC (they hated each other) or, even more bizarre to modern eyes, the election of Caesar and Bibulus in 62BC! 

Although it is true that the case of Somerset v Stewart in 1772 was a landmark in the campaign against slavery, I suspect that an earlier case would probably have caused greater alarm to slave-owners in British colonies. 

Egbert was almost certainly descended from Germanic invaders who arrived in the early post-Roman period, but probably also from native Romano-British peoples. The truth is that we lack the evidence to be at all precise about his ancestry. By this stage, the "English" people were, by-and-large probably a mixture of these peoples. Not German, not Romano-British, but - for want of a better word - "English". 

So, the answer to your first question is no. By the time there was an "England", the people who ruled there were no longer "German". 

You are absolutely right that the three groupings were not remotely like political parties in the modern sense. In modern political parties, people tend to give their loyalty to the party and follow a party line. The groupings in ancient Rome were rather shifting groups of alliances between smaller sub-groups of wealthy and powerful people. 

The language was never lost, and so never needed a statesman to champion its cause. 

The first "King of England" was Ecgherht (Egbert), who ruled from 827 – 839. His actual Anglo-Saxon title was Bretwalda (“ruler of the British”), rather than King, but it meant broadly the same thing. There was no entity called "England" before that. 

The answer to all of your questions is no. 

For question 5, see question 1. 

For your second, third and fourth questions, the answer is also no. If you look at the Wikipedia page for the History of English, you will see that the Old English (a.k.a "Anglo Saxon" - see above) of Beowulf, developed into the Middle English of Chaucer, which in turn became the early modern English of Shakespeare, which eventually became modern English (and, via Webster et al., American).