Genesis 1:26, New International Version (NIV) reads: 

John goes on to quote Judas Iscariot commenting that the perfume would be worth 300 denarii (Jn:12:5). Remember that one denarius was the standard wage of a laborer in those days(Mtt:20:13) . Supposing that Jesus had left his sandals outside the house, much of the liquid perfume would have gone waste. So, the sense of economy prevailed and Mary wiped out the perfume with her hair . Was not that OK for a house-lady ? 

We also read a similar account in the Gospel according to John at 12:3 (RSECV) 

What is the Catholic interpretation of the phrase "until an opportune time"? We do not find explicit reference to Jesus getting tempted by the devil after the temptations in the wilderness. Is it that the devil was looking for opportunities, but did not find any? Or, is it that Jesus was frequently tempted to desert His mission all throughout His public life and on the cross? What are the Catholic teachings on such possibilities? 

The letters to the seven churches in Revelation have a recurring theme, "he who has ears, let him hear" - and yet they were written letters! 

It's a role-delineation, not a "hierarchy" (at least, not in the way it is used in common English). 

More importantly, though, is the context in which Colossians 1:20 is found: 

He is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of all creation. For by Him all things were created, both in the heavens and on earth, visible and invisible, whether thrones or dominions or rulers or authorities—all things have been created through Him and for Him. He is before all things, and in Him all things hold together. He is also head of the body, the church; and He is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, so that He Himself will come to have first place in everything. For it was the Father’s good pleasure for all the fullness to dwell in Him, and through Him to reconcile all things to Himself, having made peace through the blood of His cross; through Him, I say, whether things on earth or things in heaven." {Colossians 1:13-20} 

The greater context of the immediate passage, let alone the rest of the letter to Colossae, describes Christ's matchlessness, His supremity, etc. 

The message of the gospel does not require hearing, it requires being delivered, processed, understood, affirmed, and believed-in. 

God has distinct persons making up His one self - Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. 

At the very least, all of creation will be "reconciled" - ie, made right again - at Christ's second coming: 

The bible was written - yes, if you had been born deaf, you may have only been minimally literate 2000 years ago. However, there were also many cases of folks becoming deaf with age, who earlier were not, and who were still at least somewhat literate. 

Mattathias instructed his sons to give back to the pagans an equal repayment: do to them as they have done to us. The saying is unambiguously revolutionary. The second clause put this in its wider context: obey the command of the law. ... The Maccabaean saying had a double thrust: your duty towards the pagans is to fight them, and your duty to our god is to keep his commandments. 

But that's not enough to fully demonstrate why Jesus' questioners were amazed. As N.T. Write explains briefly in Jesus and the Victory of God, Jesus' words "Give to Caesar what belongs to Caesar, and to God what belongs to God" mirrors a revolutionary phrase, which would have been well known in contemporary Jewish culture of the time. 

Having said that, there is a subset of Young-Earth creationists who do interpret Peter as providing a formula--perhaps as an attempt to lend some additional time to the creation story, to better fit with the scientific understanding. 

But I'm not going to refuse to wish Merry Christmas to strangers (store clerks, waitresses, etc), or otherwise profess my faith, for fear of offending. 

To TEs who don't believe in a literal Adam and Eve, Eve being the mother of living is metaphor, just as Eve existing is metaphor. 

An honest, well-studied OEC has a lot of reasons to think the days in Genesis are not literal, but, at best, 2 Peter 3:8 is a "passing curiosity," and not the core of their evidence. 

We also read a similar account in the Gospel according to John at 12:3 (RSECV) 

What is the Catholic interpretation of the phrase "until an opportune time"? We do not find explicit reference to Jesus getting tempted by the devil after the temptations in the wilderness. Is it that the devil was looking for opportunities, but did not find any? Or, is it that Jesus was frequently tempted to desert His mission all throughout His public life and on the cross? What are the Catholic teachings on such possibilities? 

My question is: According to Roman Catholicism, why did Jesus not name the rich man? Was it in order to convey a message that His affinity was more towards the humble underdogs than towards the proud rich? 

This is the first instance in Genesis in which God addresses Himself as "us". Was God the Father addressing both the Holy Spirit and the Son, or was He addressing only the Holy Spirit of whom mention is made at Genesis 1:2?