Counterfeeding is opaque in the sense that the surface form violates the generalisation that [ee] sequences are generally altered via the raising rule (B). Some terminology, following @cerberus's suggestion: Note that based on the definitions i've given, counterbleeding is not the same as feeding. In the feeding example, rule A creates the environment for rule B to apply - if rule A hadn't applied, then rule B couldn't apply. In the counterbleeding example, application of B simply does not prevent rule A from applying - even if rule B hadn't applied, rule A would still have been able to apply. Let's consider your concrete example in light of this. Let's say that X is a stop and Y is a fricative, and the environment in question is intervocalic, so: Because A applies the [-sonorant], it should affect both stops and fricatives. If we apply A first, it will destroy the environment that triggers B, so A bleeds B, therefore the order AB is a bleeding relationship, and the order BA is a counter-bleeding relationship. BA does not count as a feeding relationship, because A would have applied even if B had not applied, so although B does, in a sense, create the environment for A to apply to, B's application is not necessary to create the environment that A applies to. A final note: In practice, since B is triggered by a set of environments that are a proper subset of the set of environments that trigger A, B will block application of A to stops due to the elsewhere principle. If this wasn't the case, then we wouldn't have any evidence for the existence of B in the first place! Cook and teach are show very different behaviour. It's not even obvious to me that they belong to the same aspectual class. I don't see any reason why there should be a linguistic term to describe the conceit of 'activities accomplished by other activities'. As far as i can tell, there's no evidence to suggest that the distinction has any relevance to natural language semantics. /heidinir/ A: heidnir B: ---- [heidnir] Reference: Amalia Arvaniti's lecture slides for ACTL 2013. If rule A destroys an environment that could have triggered rule B, then A bleeds B, e.g. Note that specificational copular clauses and their predicational counter-parts are truth-conditionally equivalent. The difference is generally considered to be driven by information-structural considerations, such as topic and focus (see Line Mikkelsen's dissertation on the topic). One common assumption is that predicational and specificational copular clauses have the same underlying D-structure, as follows (using X'-notation): EPP = The Extended Projection Principle; The requirement that all English sentences have a subject. I'm don't think that the two examples you mention should be grouped together linguistically as a single class (to the exclusion of other activity verbs). In specificational copular clauses, the relationship between subject and complement is reversed - the subject (which may only be a Noun Phrase, due presumably to the EPP), denotes a property, and the complement denotes an individual, which is predicated of the subject. Your examples 1a (iii) and 2b (iv) are specificational copular clauses: If rule A creates the environment for rule B to apply, then rule A feeds rule B, e.g. I mentioned that under Mikkelsen's account, the difference between a predicational and specificational copular clause concerns information structure. One of the restrictions on a specificational copular clause is that the subject must be a topic (i.e. it must be given/old information). A bare indefinite such as "a doctor" can't function as a topic for fairly obvious pragmatic reasons, whereas an indefinite modified by a relative clause can, hence the difference in acceptability between (v) and (iv). Levin classes cook as a build verb, along with arrange, bake, carve, chisel, etc.. Such verbs are notable in that they participate in the following argument structure alternations: The material/product alternation, total transformation alternation, unspecified object alternation, benefactive alternation, raw material subject alternation, and the sum of money subject alternation. The example below is the benefactive alternation. If the order AB is a bleeding order, then order BA is a counterbleeding order. So, applying the rules in the order BA would fail to bleed: We can see that in the order AB, application of A will bleed application of B. Exactly. Counterbleeding is an opaque rule ordering: The surface form violates the generalisation that fricatives appear between vowels. If the order A B is a feeding order, then the order BA is a counterfeeding order, i.e. applying the rules in order BA would fail to feed, e.g. Levin (1993) classes teach as a verb of transfer of message, along with show, read, preach, etc.. verbs of transfer of message are notable in that they participate in the dative alternation: I'm going to start by going through some more detailed definitions of the various rule orderings, with examples: N.b. I presuppose a very basic knowledge of type-theoretic semantics in my answer. EDIT: @Daincihi points out that i don't explain why (iv) is bad in my answer. (v), below, illustrates that there isn't any general ban on indefinite specificational subjects: "Let's say you have some segment X. Rule A and B may only apply to X. A applies first and changes X->Y. Next, B applies to Y but it is in vacuous application, so nothing happens. In this scenario A is said to bleed B." "Now let's say we have rule A and B, but this time let's just say A applies to X or Y. Now, when we apply rule B first. Let's say B changes X->Y , and next A applies to Y. If A had applied first, then it would have bleeded B. This seems to be a feeding relationship." The difference you've identified is between predicational and specificational copular clauses (terms coined by Higgins, 1979, i think). In a predicational copular sentence, the subject denotes an individual and the complement (which may be either a Noun Phrase, or an Adjectival Phrase) denotes a property. The subject is predicated of the complement. Your examples 1b (i) and 2a (ii) are predicational copular clauses.