Yes. Or perhaps "undefined". Was it legal? Where? Who would have passed a law forbidding the practice? Why would they pass such a law? Why wouldn't you pay someone in whiskey? 

Given those things, who in their right mind would lend to the new country? 

Update in response OP's request for clarification on why the British didn't think about self-reliance. 

For sources, consult any book on macroeconomics, search on Keynes or Helicopter Ben Bernanke; you can also draw an analogy to quantitative easing. 

Letters from a Pennslyvania Farmer Note well the list of several dozen similar propaganda vehicles cited at the bottom of that page 

Propaganda played a major role in unifying the colonies and in advancing the cause of revolution over negotiation. 

The slavery issue was addressed far more conclusively by the civil war than by the legislation. 

The mind boggglingly short sighted Smoot Hawley act inhibited trade with other nations, further inhibiting the ability of US industry to recover from the depression. Smoot-Hawley vies with the gold standard for the title of "Stupidest economic policy of all time!". 

Wars act on financial markets - because wars are intrinsically an existential threat to governments, they borrow money heavily, which further increases the size of the economy and draws financial assets into the markets. There are additional effects of 100% utilization on capital markets, but I would need a lot more caffeine before I could address that question. 

Modernity. Christianity is designed to appeal to pastoral nomads. It requires some effort to adapt the rituals and scriptures of rural pastoralists to industrial laborers. 

If we restrict the discussion to modern consumer capitalism within the context of welfare state representative government, then I submit the correlation will be even stronger. Hayek, Gorbachov and Deng Xioping all agree that prosperity is correlated with the ability of the general population to benefit from prosperity. 

Wars in general, and the civil war in particular create stimulus spending - governments buy bullets and boots. Governments drive the economy to 100% utilization. Unemployment vanishes as young men move from their traditional jobs to new jobs created just for the war. As @jwenting points out, mortality decreases the size of the labor pool, which affects the economic power of the remaining labor pool. Individuals not normally in the labor pool take up jobs to replace the young men. 

With that disclaimer out of the way, I'll once again reference Niall Ferguson's Ascent of Money. Ferguson points out that the stock market returned to reasonable levels rather quickly. The driver of the depression wasn't the stock market crash, but the US government policy of minimizing liquidity. Banks couldn't loan money to start a business that would employ people. And US Government policy was directly responsible for that. The government feared bank failure more than they feared continued depression, and they required that banks build up and maintain reserves of currency. Banks were unable to lend money, which prolonged the depression. 

The American revolution occurred at the beginning of the British imperial age; the first Indian rebellion occurred during the height of Imperial power. The American revolution occurred during a time when the English constitution was undergoing significant reform; the first Indian revolution took place when the English consitution was fixed. Without getting too Whigish, the American revolution was driven by the desire to guarantee English rights to Englishmen living in English territory, and so enjoyed significant popular support even within the mother country. ("independence" was an accidental outcome desired by neither side). India sought rights which were somewhat alien to the English domestic population. John Bull could sympathize with the notion that an Englishman shouldn't be taxed without representation; it was more difficult to persuade John Bull that enlisted men should be protected against beef tallow. The American revolution had a relatively coherent ideology; the Indian revolution as wikipedia states, failed to provide a corresponding ideology. Probably the most important factor was that the United States relied on the assistance of France, while India had no similar external ally.