At any rate, I think the Lena base is as real as the Secret Nazi Base in Antarctica or on the Moon. 

I am not sure what you mean by "joined the fray", but it does appear that Rommel did not share Hitler's antisemitism despite being relatively close to him throughout the 1930-ies. Rommel admired Hitler for his success in dismantling the Versailles regime, but ... tl;dr No such base has ever existed. 

When a war starts, the diplomats lock down the embassy and leave through a neutral country. They are neither molested nor harassed, and their diplomatic immunity is not disputed. The embassy building and the property therein is taken care of by the neutral country representing the interests of the belligerent (or some other arrangements may be made). Note that this does not mean that the justification has to be fake. If your group (tribe, city, state, nation, empire) is starving, waging a war for resources is likely to sound reasonable to your people. 

See The Victorian Internet: The Remarkable Story of the Telegraph and the Nineteenth Century's On-Line Pioneers. Old colonial powers already had huge empires (Britain & France - overseas, Russia - along its borders). They were happy with the status quo and held a relatively conciliatory stance (except that they wanted to cannibalize the dying Ottoman Empire). PS. See Live and let live for another example of how iterated Prisoner's dilemma played out during the WW1. In addition to the other two excellent answers, this was the first "telegraph war": the governments in London and Paris could communicate with the field commander in (almost) real time and the newspapers received communications in real time too. How can chariots, which have relatively soft horses in front, charge at a phalanx bristling with spears? How can a phalanx open its ranks? The warriors can make the sarissas vertical, but how can they move fast enough to open the ranks before the chariot approaches? Okay, they opened the ranks, now the chariot is between them - why does it not turn 90 degrees and attack the broken-up phalanx from the flank? What damage a chariot can inflict on the enemy? 

Simulation of protected status by using the distinctive emblems of the Geneva Conventions: 

Game theory The biggest problem was the huge underestimation of the cost of war by all parties which resulted in the actual game (Prisoner's dilemma) being different from the game the player thought they were playing (Hawk-Dove). 

Trade with whom? I think the reason was that the huge international trade was mostly between colonial powers and their colonies, not between the colonial powers themselves. 

I think it has always been done, e.g., 3,000 years ago Greeks justified a war by a kidnapping allegation. 

New arrivals (Germany, Austria and Italy - although the latter was later bought by the Entente) had little colonial possessions where they could export industrial goods and from where they could import raw materials. They wanted to upset the apple cart to get colonies, especially Germany, the strongest upstart which was engaged in the early 20th century version of the Space race with Britain. A secondary reason is actually getting more and more important with the development of civilization and diplomacy: avoid war in the future. A party which, first, clearly states the reasons for war, and, second, sticks to them (i.e., goes to war if and only if certain conditions are satisfied), may be less likely to find itself faced with war (depending on how reasonable the conditions sound to the neighbors and how reasonable those neighbors are themselves).