Pihlström suggests that one world/two perspectives (a.k.a. dual aspect) interpretation of Kant is more favorable to finding common ground with Peirce than the traditional phenomenalist interpretation that Peirce accepted. Indeed, this reading is more hospitable to realism since appearances are already real and things-in-themselves are just another aspect of them. Two key differences still remain however. First, Kant's picture is static, we have a fixed transcendental subject confronting a fixed world dressed into a straightjacket of reason's own fixed a priori categories and schemata. There is little epistemic movement in this world beyond clarification of the obscure. Kant can not therefore make the use Peirce has for noumena as happy limits of epistemic evolution, they are static empty posits. Kant came back to the problem in multiple subsequent later works, where he owned up to his argument as an actual theory, and kept changing and modifying it, sometimes substantially, never even to his own satisfaction. So does Kant's limited argument succeed on his own terms? Yes, but that is not saying much. Does he have a theory that is both palatable and consistent with his philosophy? By broad consensus, no. Kant is famous exactly for the breaking with the tradition of metaphysics that preceded him. His point was that all our experience is about phenomena (appearances), and that "ultimate nature of reality" is inaccessible, if it has any meaning at all. That "rational intuition" postulated by previous philosophers, like Descartes and Leibniz, to break out of this limitation was based on misapplying concepts of experience to noumena, entities that can not be objects of any possible experience. He calls "transcendental illusion" taking "a subjective necessity of a connection of our concepts… for an objective necessity in the determination of things in themselves". And he illustrated, in antinomies of pure reason, that such misapplication is not only a category error, but can lead to contradictions. According to Kant, the purpose of philosophy is elucidation of empirical knowledge that we do have, through critical analysis of its sources, not metaphysical speculation about reality, which does not and can not produce any knowledge. See Kant's Critique of Metaphysics. 4) Time itself cannot serve as this permanent entity by reference to which I can determine the temporal order of my experiences. (premise) As for Hegel, it is even more hopeless to get a straight answer out of him. Perception of Hegel went through phases, in 19th century he was mostly the restorer of metaphysics in the aftermath of Kant's takedown of it. Marx's take was that Hegel presented the dialectic of society in an idealistic garb, which later morphed into the picture of Hegel the historicizer, and the prophet of social Geist that you mention. There is enough in Hegel to back up both, and his writing style makes it near impossible to refute anything. But both interpretations seem too be self-serving, and kind of sell Hegel short. Personally, I find Pippin's recent interpretation to be the most plausible. According to Pippin, Hegel fully absorbed Kantian implications for metaphysics, but concluded that Kant was not sufficiently critical of his own method of philosophizing and conditions of its possibility. As for ontology, Hegel is not concerned with it at all because his analysis of the said conditions led him to conclude that "determinations of thought" in the end become "determinations of reality", overcoming Kant's limiting of knowledge. Pippin's interview is a nice read.