OE cwen => eME cuen, cwen, quen, quuen, qween, kuen etc. As Sihler puts it, [in Latin] "an s is lost before most voiced consonants" (para 225), cf. Meiser "(Konsonant+) s schwindet im Anlaut vor Nasal." Thus, in Anlaut (word-initial) clusters *sn, *sm, *sl the *s is lost. He admits that for *sm and *sl the evidence is "meagre." There is no written evidence coming from Latin; this is a reconstruction (i.e. educated guess) based on evidence coming from other IE languages and from the development of Latin Inlaut sn, sm, sl clusters - there is written evidence for the latter. Presumably, the change was s => z=> h (?) => 0 

More information about the chronology of this change could come from the development of OE giefan (> PDE give). The ODEE mentions that the non-patalal variant appears c.1200 and that the regular ME forms yive, yeve etc. “prevailed in southern and midland writings till XV.” "In the end, it is up to the linguist’s judgement and his / her willingness to accept the Norse derivation of a term without a formal Norse imprint that determines whether or not it will make it to the list of medieval English words with a Norse etymon. This, of course, is a serious problem for historical linguistics, given the central place of many Norse-derived terms in the English language." 

First, even though we can find OE beginnan, another verb was much more common – OE onginnan, until it was superseded by ME beginnen around the fourteenth century. Kurylowicz, Meillet, and Szemerenyi rejected it (not a bad company?). Even Brugmann himself eventually gave up on it. 

See Collinge 1985 for more details and a good laugh (I enjoyed his unusually candid style of writing). 

(pp. 28-29; emphasis mine - Alex B.). Götz Keydana (in Keydana 2011) writes that I have never seen a serious linguist claiming that Armenian didn't belong to the IE family (it is a satem language). Where did you read that? Arm. get 'water' - Greek hydor 

However, there is no conclusive evidence to support this, either. We have to remember that even though it is “inherently irregular,” it is a “fairly systematic process” (Hock and Joseph 2009: 152; emphasis mine - Alex B.), which means we should be able to find other examples – very few but they should be out there. To conclude, as Pons-Sanz 2015 writes, 

Latin nido 'nest' <= Proto-Italic *nizdo- (de Vaan) 

Norman Blake writes that English monasteries started receiving a lot of monks trained in France who started copying OE texts applying spelling practices found in the languages they were familiar with (Old French and Latin?). He argues that these changes do not necessarily indicate any phonetic changes (Blake 1992: 10). 

Latin cena 'meal' <= Proto-Italic *kert(e)snā- (de Vaan), cf. Oscan kersnu, Umbrian śesna, Old Latin cesnas 

Arm. taygr 'brother-in-law' (cf. Sanskrit devar-) In his 2011 paper, he argues that by Norman French (or Anglo-Norman) was a dialect of Old French that died out as a spoken language by the beginning of the 13th century. It was used by by the ruling elite, which constituted no more than 2-5% of the total population (Upward and Davidson 2011). Trask 2010 basically says the same thing, perhaps in a more understandable way: 

So far, this is a short general post about some exceptions in which palatalization of /g/ before a front vowel did not happen. See the quote below from Lass and Anderson 1975: Lubotsky (1997) summarized its history quite succinctly: Cf. Hogg 1992 “with the degree of allomorphic variation noted in §7.41, it would be expected that there should be considerable analogical levelling and extension” (Hogg 1992/2011: 269) and later he claims that “[a]mongst strong verbs there appear not to be clear-cut examples [of analogical levelling – Alex B.] in OE” (p. 270; emphasis mine - Alex B.). XIIIe s. ševœ́(s) (afr. cheveus) Sara Pons-Sanz (2015) traces this idea back to Björkman 1900. Re: numerals, your assumption is also wrong; here's a quote from Matasovic 2009 (Winter 1992 is of the same opinion): The letter Q was rarely used in OE; thus, [kw] was usually spelled cƿ (c followed by wynn). So called Norman scribes started to latinize it by replacing it with "qu" in English words: cf. Kiparsky 2010 who, on the other hand, writes that An interesting similar case could be the development of OE ongean (> PDE again). The ODEE (ed. Onions, 1966) says “the native forms in aȝ-, ay- did not survive beyond XVI, being superseded universally by forms in ag-, derived from Scand. and appearing first in northern and eastern texts XIII.” 

This is a well-known phenomenon and virtually all books on historical phonology of English worth reading devote a special section to this topic - see e.g. Hogg 1992, Lass and Anderson 1975 or Minkova 2014. cf. Durkin 2014: 195 It has always been rather controversial; "long disputed and now refuted", as the famous Dutch Indologist Jan Gonda (Gonda 1971) sarcastically noted (cited as in Collinge 1985: 16). It seems though it is much less controversial now, at least among IE linguists. But the jury is still out. It is even discussed in slightly "less technical" literature, e.g. 

1. Scandinavian influence (Dieter Kastovsky, e.g. Kastovsky 1992 specifically mentions OE beginnan): 

Arm. nu 'daughter-in-law' (cf. Greek nuos, Old Church Slavonic snuxa) Some of the claims you made are in fact incorrect (e.g. words for relatives; also see Basic Words from Wikipedia, posted by Daniel Briggs): OE gyldan – geald – guldon, cf. PDE yield (yielded) As for Scandinavian influence on English vocabulary, I strongly recommend reading at least Part IV. Scandinavian Influence (pp. 171-221) in Durkin 2014, Borrowed Words (Philip Durkin is the chief etymologist of the OED, by the way).