Last but not least, I should mention that the binary distinction "complements vs. adjuncts"/"arguments vs. modifiers" is not as simple and undisputed as it may seem from my exemplifications: Many people argue - for good reasons - that such a two-way distinction is obsolete and that there need to be more more finegrained levels of how an element may contribute to a sentence. But that is a bit out of the scope of this post. TL;DR: "adjunct" or "free modifier" is the term you are looking for. 

The only VP specifier in the tree is the DP he, since that one is a sister to V', of which a "null active V" is the head, and also the DP machtes the requirement of being an "external argument in actives", because that one is the subject and therefore the external argument of the active VP. The second VP doesn't have a specifier. The first sentence refers to "the specifier of a null active V", which must be he since the null V is the head of the VP you numbered as 1 of which the specifier is he. The second sentence says >this< VP, which sounds like it refers to the same VP as the sentence before. Therefore, I can't think of any other possibility than both 1 and 2 referring to the DP he as the specifier of the VP you numbered as 1, with the null V as the head. They don't need to refer to different ones just because 1 says it's the specifier of the V HEAD and the other of the V PHRASE - specifiers always relate to phrases, so it doesn't make a difference whether you call it the speifier of the phrase (which is syntactically a bit more accurate) or the specifier of the head (which might make it clearer what exact phrase is meant, since here you can make use of the terminal node's names, like in this example where you can disambiguate between VP 1 and VP 2 by referring to either the empty head or the eat head), but I see no possibility of this (admittedly confusing) wording being meant as referring to the - non-existing - specifier of the VP 2, and both sentences do refer to some V-related specifier, so it can only be the DP he. Yes, this is correct, as explained in the previous paragraph. 

German does have something like this: (list of abbreviations see below)