A quasi-logical concept, which is meant to measure objective evidential support relations. For example, “in light of the relevant seismological and geological data, it is probable that California will experience a major earthquake this decade”. In the case of god, you have the various arguments for the existence of god. You have said that you're assuming none of them are valid. In order for this to not be question-begging I'm going to assume that you mean that none of these arguments provide a deductively valid proof of the existence of god from obviously true premises (so none of these arguments are deductively sound). Then, we are left with the question of whether the existence of god is an assumption with explanatory value and whether it is the best explanation for the relevant phenomena. How you evaluate this will depend on what you take the class of phenomena to be explained to include. If you believe in miracles, which we'll assume by definition preclude a naturalistic explanation, then positing a supernatural being would seem to have high explanatory value. Even without miracles, you might think that assuming the existence of god provides the best explanation of the relevant phenomena, perhaps because it provides a highly unified theory of the phenomena. For the abstractionist all possible worlds--- even the actual world ---are abstract. They represent possibilities in different ways. David Lewis lays out three different types of abstractionism (he terms the view "ersatzism" and the worlds "ersatz worlds"; that terminology has stuck in the literature, imo) based on how the worlds represent possibilities (See On The Plurality of Worlds, ch. 3). What it is for a world w1 to be "inaccessible" is simply for the propositions true at w1 to make no difference in the evaluate of modal statements at worlds that don't access w1. You can do the semantics for QML in one of two ways, either variable domain or constant domain. To keep worlds isolated (i.e., to prohibit overlap) as Lewis does in his modal realism requires a variable domain approach (since the domain of each world's quantifier is disjoint from any other world). You can read about these two approaches in the second half of Priest's book, chs 14 and 15 of the second edition. Explanatory Power/Fruitfulness: another criteria for theory choice is how fruitful the theory is, its explanatory power. If a theory can explain more than competitors then, other things being equal, that theory is to be preferred. What exactly a good explanation consists in is itself a big area of study, some resources here would be the SEP articles on Scientific Explanation and Grounding as a form of Metaphysical Explanation. A similar line would go for god. If there are necessary truths that refer to god then god must exist of necessity. A common reason to think that truths about god are necessary is similar to the mathematical truths. If god exists outside of space and time, and existed prior to anything existing, then the existence of god doesn't seem to depend on any contingent features of reality. So, the story goes, god must exist of necessity. with the specific extra-sensory possibility at issue being the existence of a Judeo-Christian god. Note that these are both views about theories in the natural sciences. Neither has much to say about things like mathematical entities, which provide a better comparison to entities like a Judeo-Christian god since the truths of mathematics -- like the theological truths, if any -- are typically taken to be necessarily true. If probability is understood according to (3), then there is an objective fact of the matter about how probable different possibilities are. Since necessary truths have a probability of 1 (i.e., they are certain) and impossibilities have a probability of 0 (i.e., they are certainly false), it would not make much sense to ask about the probability of god's existence, if god is claimed to be a necessary existent. For each necessary existent the probability of its existence is either 1 or 0 and so propositions of the form "necessary existent X exists" can only be compared for (actual) truth and falsity. The Basics First off, what's an indexical expression? An indexical expression is, roughly, an expression whose reference can shift across contexts. Your sentence contains three such expressions: "I", "here", and "now". How does reference shift across contexts? Well, consider what the referent of "I" would be when you utter "I am here now" (hint: it's you). When I utter the same sentence, the reference of "I" shift to me. In usual circumstances (e.g., not in indirect discourse), "I" refers to the speaker. You're not going to find a uniform usage. The best you can do, probably, is to fix upon particular schools of thought and see how they used the terms. Ah, but there are relations that hold between the worlds. There are similarity relations for Lewis and accessibility relations in the model theory of modal logic. The relations between worlds that Lewis forbids are spatiotemporal and causal relations. His thesis is that worlds are spatiotemporally and causally isolated from one another--- not that no relations exist between worlds at all. TL;DR The issues here are the same as with knowledge of things beyond our senses more generally -- we reason to their existence by means of inference to the best explanation. The additional ingredient here is that we also need reason to think that the truths we have inferred via inference to the best explanation are necessarily true, which requires separate argument and usual appeals to some sort of independence from the contingent features of reality that contingent entities beyond our sensory experience would not enjoy (e.g., if there were no physical things then there would be no electrons).