A gentile is anyone who is a non-Jew. That's the standard definition. So the "non-gentiles" are the Jews. There's really not much more to it than that. 

This answer would also hold true for proponents of the gap theory, day-age theory, and others. The beginning is the beginning regardless of how long it's been since then. 

Taking a look at the various commentaries on this verse, most are in agreement that the prize is not salvation. For example: 

Of course, there are likely to be several different meanings attributed to this, but the most common is the one that you posted - that He took on the humble nature of a servant. 

A Protestant perspective on what to watch for, as far as these ravenous wolves are concerned can be found here, along with an orthodox (small "o") view on Apostasy. 

No. Paul was advocating kicking him out of the Church, not killing him. 

John is clearly speaking out against the practice of committing the sexual act of idolatry and then eating meat sacrificed to idols in that act of worship. 

Your real question is really why do the sins in these three instances deserve Death in God's eyes? 

17 But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die. 

20 And they shall say unto the elders of his city, This our son is stubborn and rebellious, he will not obey our voice; he is a glutton, and a drunkard. 

This usage of the number 7 in this case can be construed to indicate completion of time, or that is to say that this period encompasses the Church age, or that period between Christ's death on the cross and his second coming. 

Using the Jewish custom of a 360-day year, 483 years after 445 B.C. places us at A.D. 30, which would coincide with Jesus’ triumphal entry into Jerusalem. The prophecy in Daniel 9 specifies that after the completion of the 483 years, “the Anointed One will be cut off” (verse 26). This was fulfilled when Jesus was crucified. 

In the story of the rich man and the poor man (Luke 16:19–31), Jesus did not name the rich man. The name Lazarus that Jesus gave to the poor man is said to have originated from a Greek word meaning 'God will help' or 'assistance of God'. 

But, nowhere in the Gospels is Jesus addressed as Immanuel—directly or indirectly. It appears to me that that the word with its literal meaning implies more of an attribute than a name. So, what is the Catholic view on Jesus having been given the name Immanuel? 

We also read a similar account in the Gospel according to John at 12:3 (RSECV) 

This is the first instance in Genesis in which God addresses Himself as "us". Was God the Father addressing both the Holy Spirit and the Son, or was He addressing only the Holy Spirit of whom mention is made at Genesis 1:2? 

Genesis 1:26, New International Version (NIV) reads: 

" Mary took a pound of costly ointment of pure nard and anointed the feet of Jesus and wiped his feet with her hair; and the house was filled with the fragrance of the ointment."