The question is US-centric, and UK "unwritten" Constitutional system based answers are NOT what I seek since US system works differently 

Also, from ABA publication "Protecting Civil Liberties During Quarantine and Isolation in Public Health Emergencies By Sarah Pope, JD, MA; Nisha Sherry, CPH; and Elizabeth Webster, JD": Israel is generally considered democratic, but has no constitution. However, they have "Basic Laws" that kinda, sorta functions in a similar capacity, maybe. 

In short, because Legislature is currently controlled by opposition which is understandably is trying to remove him from power; which just as understandably he's trying to prevent. This is one of the reasons we have - on a corporate level - antitrust law and general anti-monopolist sentiment. 

Details are covered in numerous media, e.g. Reuters (or, heck, Al Jazeera). New Zealand has no codified constitution 

As a side note, in Saudi Arabia the Quran is cited by Basic Law as the supreme source of law. But that doesn't quite apply as it is not a country that anyone would describe as "democratic". No, there are some that have none, but they are pretty rare. There was no provision in Serbian constitution for Kosovo to separate. But Kosovo was able to first wage successful armed struggle to push Serbians out; then win enough international support (Western Europe, then US) to prevent Serbia (and Russia which supported them) from wrestling the control back. 

But all have some sort of replacement, sometimes unwritten, sometimes written but uncodified. 

As an example, look at some other independence cases: Because the only practical way to prevent lobbying, is to eliminate the things for the government to be lobbied for. As long as you have a big, powerful, and money-rich government, lobbying is worth the effort and therefore basically inevitable, in some way, shape or form (the return on lobbying investment is always good). I'd prefer an answer that is grounded in either specific legal opinion (e.g. where SCOTUS either accepted, or rejected, characterization of some action as "constitutional" without having been challenged); or in constitutional scolarship. 

There may be some state variations, e.g. when state has special rules that invalid name on a ballot counts as "NONE" candidate, AND when something special needs to happen if "NONE" wins over valid candidates. When the electors vote, one of two things will happen - either they will vote for someone else, or for the already-served-2-terms-write-in person (becoming mass faithless electors). 

Rewriting the constitution allows him to bypass the parlament thus removing any power from opposition. 

I'm not aware of a single country outside the 5 below that don't have a codified written constitution and are considered democratic: If the base is on a foreign territory, the rules are a union of: 

Remember that the electors MAY choose to vote for whoever they decide, despite who they are pledged to (See Faithless elector) 

United States of America - waged the war of Independence against UK, and also got some international support, most notably from France. Clearly not according to the laws of UK at the time. As far as "unusual" provisions, we have way too many to list. Some random examples: 

8 See 42 U.S.C.A. § 264(a) (West 2011) (note that the Surgeon General, with the HHS Secretary's approval, is authorized to "make and enforce…regulations," including quarantine measures). The question as stated is somewhat misleading, because "religions ... that killed in the name of religion?" is not an absolute yes/no category but is a continuum. ... and the Congress may by law provide for the case wherein neither a President elect nor a Vice President shall have qualified, declaring who shall then act as President, or the manner in which one who is to act shall be selected, and such person shall act accordingly until a President or Vice President shall have qualified.” 

The locality of policies ensures that a slight majority cannot make life miserable for a large minority of population. E.g. if during some election, 55% of the country elected Democrats to the office, any policy at the Federal level will be forced down the throats of 45% of the country who voted against Democrats. If that policy is on a state level, people have an option to move to a state controlled by the party (and presumably, enacting policies) of their liking. 

For those interested in a government's official explanation of the nitty gritty of how this works, you can read through Army Pamphlet 360-544: YOU AND THE LAW OVERSEAS from 1989. This is the only one of five known democratic countries without written codified constitution that is not explicitly modeling its lack of one on UK. 

US Constitution had 18th Amendment (Alcohol Prohibition) 

As far as patterns, commonalilties and unusualness, the Wiki article on Constitution covers that in a fairly good detail. Especially "Key Features" section, listing As examples on that continuum you have: This includes things like control of one's destiny, control over one's territory, foreign policy, and, lest we forget, control over one's money/budget. However, is there a clear indication that you can validly technically state that an action that has not yet been challenged in court is ""constitutional"? This is where religion itself doesn't demand murder per se, but largely blesses it in the name of converting the infidels and spreading itself. See Mohammed's conquests. What makes Islam special is that the conquests in the name of the religion are codified in the religion itself and the religious texts (e.g. the concept of Jihad). 

When a policy is at federal level, you're forced to live with it even if you strongly oppose it and are majorly harmed by it. More generally, overall concept of sovereignty. 

In short, it's about two things: