So in 2004, the division adopted the 80th percentile rule. It requires insurance companies to pay 80 percent of the reasonable market rate for a health care service. On an insurance statement, you may have seen this called a UCR for ‘usual, customary and reasonable rate.’ Insurers calculate that rate twice a year after surveying the market. 

It's also worth noting that the Access Hollywood "grab them" statement was not an admission of guilt by Trump on a specific allegation. He was talking in a disambiguous way that he could do that if he so desired. 

Understand that these allegations are potentially more damaging to Moore. Moore has a decent political following in Alabama, following his two "religious" actions that got him removed from the Chief Justice position 

The official reasoning can be found inside the letters sent to President Trump. The most detailed, and notable, reasons come from Rod Rosenstein, Deputy Attorney General. I'm going to summarize Rosenstein's reasoning (it's a scan of the original so copy-paste quoting is impossible) 

A dislike for drug costs. CNBC has a report on the 10 most expensive drugs. #1 costs a whopping $87,800 for a 30-day supply. Now imagine you need this drug to treat your condition. The price is far out of reach and many insurers won't cover drugs that expensive. As such, you have a ready-made story for the media to highlight. Yet, pharmaceutical companies often spend years and billions to research a drug. Even then, once a drug is taken to market, there's always the risk that a side effect comes forth and lawsuits are brought. The costs, risks, and profits are largely private in the US. While the industry has some highly disliked players, the fact is that these companies are doing important work and taking risks, but those costs are borne only by the end-consumer (i.e. the $87k drug is for Hepatitis-C carriers, a small population to spread the costs out on). They represent 75% of clinical trials. But when you need a drug (especially one with a price tag on the order of a car or house), "free" will beat out-of-pocket costs any day. Obamacare didn't really touch this problem either. You can't be denied coverage, but you can still be denied drugs that are expensive.