Also, check out Near Synonyms and this audio library. 

Of course, best way to understand Qur'an is to understand Qur'an Arabic. Nouman Ali Khan argues in his speech titled Brilliance Of The Book that there are 3 types of Arabic; What I do sometimes is to read some ayahs word by word and check meaning of some words in the dictionary I mentioned above. 

Partial Cloning: This includes cloning of heart, kidneys etc. I conclude that this kind of cloning for treatment purposes, not only allowed, but also encouraged. In Islam, it is encouraged to find cures to diseases. Non-human cloning: This includes cloning whole animals and plants. Scholars are in the middle about this, but it seems like more people lean towards it being allowed. Human Cloning: This is the most discussed part about cloning. Majority argues that human cloning is not permitted. I will present most common argument that I found against it. As far as I can tell, main argument supporting it is that, there is not enough evidence to ban it. Main point against the human cloning is it would mess up inter-human relationships. In islam, inter-human relationships is very important. Also, islam puts great importance on identification of father of a person. What would be the relationship between a cloned person and the person who gave the DNA? Are they siblings, or mother-child? Who would be the father? Would you be allowed to marry your close blood relative's clone? All these questions remains to be answered. Considering this, human cloning can cause havoc in family and social life. Therefore, it wouldn't be permissible. Adding to other answers, although it doesn't discuss specifically the concept of trinity, Surat Al-'Ikhlāş denies trinity by the means of it's implications. Allah (c.c) says: Source: Articles listed here and couple of other web pages. 

Spoken Arabic: Dialectical Arabic. People from different Arabic speaking nations have their own version of spoken Arabic. Spoken Arabic can be quite different from region to region that parties may not understand each other. Proper Arabic: Newspaper and television Arabic. Arabic term for that is fus-ha. This is also called modern standard Arabic. Proper Arabic can be argued to be correct Arabic. Ancient Arabic: Far more sophisticated, advanced, complex, intrigued and involved than proper Arabic. Understanding of Proper Arabic doesn't still mean the understanding of Ancient Arabic. The subtleties that ancient Arabs can hear and understand what is going on is no longer present today. So an avarage Arab doesn't hear what Arab of 1400 years ago heard. So, best way to understand Qur'an would be to learn ancient Arabic. However, learning it requires serious effort (years of study), and not practical for average person. That is where tafseer becomes neccessary. A tafseer is a work of an Islam scholar, that explains each ayah in its context of relevation, using hadith and also demonstrating the relationship between different ayahs. I assume you are referring to this hadith or this: 

I recall that there's even a linguistic solution, it would be great if anybody could provide and explain this also! 

An other diamond symbol in surat Yusuf (12:11) The meaning of the words Quran and Mushaf Al-Baghawi added to the moderate way of walking a quote of 'Ata': walk with calmness and ease. When i was a child or teen i was told it's not allowed to use Qur'an Verses to make fun of it or change a word to make fun of it. But in Arabic newspaper you often find headlines or Articles which have as a headline a part of a Verse with some interchanged word or words. 

But how to solve this issue? I know it is easy to explain the issue which may appear in the meaning of the Verse (and honestly I know it as I've read enough tafsirs of the Verse) 

Well the Quran text 'Othman (Uthman) (may Allah be pleased with him) has spread by sending 4 or 5 or...7 Quran copys to the different regions/cities (one of them was kept in Medina) ... one of them is known as the "Mushaf al Imam" (the copy he left for himself) while all are written with the "rasm al 'Othmany". What does the Qur'an say about freedom of speech? What are the verses of the Qur'an that talk about freedom of speech? This continued until the revelation suddenly came to him while he was in the cave of Hira'. The angel came to him while he was in the cave and said, "Read!'' The Messenger of Allah said, (I replied: "I am not one who reads.) Then he said, "So he (the angel) seized me and pressed me until I could no longer bear it. Then he released me and said: `Read!' So I replied: I am not one who reads.' So, he pressed me a second time until I could no longer bear it. Then he released me and said: 

So, it is permissible to delete them. The retaliatory action is to be carried out by those who are in the authority not individuals. The use of extra judicial force is prohibited.