1) I don't understand the value of "urged". The speech doesn't sound like urging, it sounds like agreement, and speaks for itself. Just 'said' would suffice. The same is true for non-dialogue scenes. The characters have feelings, both physical and emotional. Sights and sounds trigger memories: If I walk one block down my street, I can pick from fifty memories, if I tried I could make it a hundred memories. The same should be true of my MC, if he walks down his block, there must be something or somebody he can remember, depending on his mood and his problem, that might be relevant and influence his actions. Be it funny, or brave, or self-sacrifice, or a sadness he wants to avoid, or a success that inspires him. It is hard to answer from what is in your question, but scenes you feel are too short are (in my experience) under-imagined, or under-conflicted, or you are engaging in too much 'telling' about how people feel or think, without enough 'showing' through action. Where I think you have gone a little awry is that you have stumbled into an "efficient" method that doesn't use many words or sentences. Then a reluctance to use more words, sentences and paragraphs leaves you with a monotone style. Which becomes tiresome. He turned to ask, "Where should I sit?" In this case, I might write (depending on your POV restrictions): An under-conflicted scene is when something may happen, like a decision made or information imparted, but it is dialogue without very little opposition. No argument, no confusion, no "I've got a better idea", no "I can't do that, and I'm not doing that". Or it is action with very little obstacle: There is nothing in the way, no equipment failure, nobody gets tired or sick, nobody gets attacked. You should be breaking up dialogue with action or thoughts or setting exposition (description of the environment). You could have put your 'canvas and chairs' in such an exposition while the guy surveys the room, or in HER thoughts about what HE might be seeing, or thinking. 3) 'circled the room'. This is generally used in a literal sense, physically walking around the room. Which cannot be done in 'a few moments'. Maybe he looked about the room, or scanned the room, or surveyed it, or found his bearings. The part following should be in past tense, like the rest: 'as she took ... and moved aside ...'. For myself, I'd break the sentence to say 'She'd almost forgotten there was...', but that sentence is not clear. It sounds like he thinks he is there for one reason and she has an ulterior reason; in which case I would likely write it more explicitly, like 'She'd almost forgotten the ruse that brought him here.' In the most obvious possible place? she thought. Also, "he glanced," not glancing. I think you are trying to 'tack on' actions to dialogue or other actions, when another sentence would be fine, or a recast sentence would be fine. "As he entered, he glanced around the room, as if finding his bearings." I won't go far into 'show don't tell', it is well discussed elsewhere, other than to say this: consider the ramifications or consequences of your descriptions. It is one thing to say "Mark was sad" or "Mark was handsome", but those conjure very weak images in the mind. If they are true, then there should be consequences that accompany those states, try to think of some concrete effect that Mark being handsome would cause. Or Mark being sad would cause. Even if that is in the MC, male or female: They can imagine handsome Mark in high school; for example. This may or may not be your writing style. Not all short scenes are bad, and a short scene can be more powerful for being short. Typically, however, short scenes are weak and would be strengthened by making them longer, like adding supporting cross members to a tower. Imagining the scene and the internal states of characters more fully, adding more conflicts, and showing instead of telling are ways to lengthen the scene in a meaningful way: It isn't fluff, it is more for the reader to become better immersed in the scene and characters.