I will go by the New Living Translation version. 

The Bible never tells us that innocent children will go to Hell or not. But we know for sure that Jesus said that the Kingdom of God belongs to children. 

"Hell/Lake of fire/ Second death:" We will go to Hell after we die if we do not accept the salvation offered by Jesus Christ. Revelation 20(NIV) has something to say about this. 

“You can enter God’s Kingdom only through the narrow gate. The highway to hell is broad, and its gate is wide for the many who choose that way. But the gateway to life is very narrow and the road is difficult, and only a few ever find it. 

Judgement on those who rely on the Law of Moses Those who put their faith on the Law of Moses will be judged by the same Law. It's impossible for man to follow all the commandments. 

"We will be resurrected like Christ" The main purpose of the death and resurrection of Christ is that, one day we will be resurrected like Christ to live forever with God and there will be no more death. God will cleanse us from all our sins by the blood of Christ and we will be transformed to immortality. 

Jesus is the gate and the way to Heaven. 

How have Mainstream Protestant denominations/theologians explained what is "New Creation"? 

Secondly, we must also believe that just as Heaven is real and eternal, Hell is also real and eternal. Though there are some who believe in Annihilationism, they are minority. 

Surely I was sinful at birth, sinful from the time my mother conceived me. (Psalm 51:5, NIV) 

The gate and the way represent the same thing. The context here in this verse is that many people choose the broad and easy way but very few choose the narrow and difficult way. The broad way has a wide gate and the narrow way has a narrow gate. It is not important here whether the gate comes first or is at the end of the road. 

There are many interesting testimonies around the world - people who claimed to have visited Heaven. Out of them, I find these two very interesting as they deal with one of the toughest questions which Christianity cannot answer objectively. 

The atonement theology is a complicated one to explain. To the believers, it is a simple acceptance of one's imperfection and the sacrifice of Jesus Christ the perfect one to render us perfect in the eyes of God. To the unbelievers, it is foolishness that God would become human to die for their sins. 

For this reason Christians are commanded to preach the Gospel to the whole world. 

Firstly, we need to know that God is just and fair. 

[11-15] Then I saw a great white throne and him who was seated on it. The earth and the heavens fled from his presence, and there was no place for them. And I saw the dead, great and small, standing before the throne, and books were opened. Another book was opened, which is the book of life. The dead were judged according to what they had done as recorded in the books. The sea gave up the dead that were in it, and death and Hades gave up the dead that were in them, and each person was judged according to what they had done. Then death and Hades were thrown into the lake of fire. The lake of fire is the second death. Anyone whose name was not found written in the book of life was thrown into the lake of fire. 

Judgement on those who heard the gospel Those who heard the gospel but refused to believe have no excuse but to stay in remorse forever. But who ever believed the Gospel will rejoice in the presence of Jesus because their sins are washed clean by the Blood of Jesus Christ. Not because of their good deeds or piety but because of their faith in His Death and Resurrection.