Medicaid — and Medicaid expansion — are specifically set up for the poor, and Nevada has about 600,000 people utilizing it. Of the state’s 2.9 million residents, about 11% remain without any healthcare coverage. 

The system essentially provided "free" healthcare to some, with insurance and those who could pay making up the difference. I once lost coverage right after a major, scheduled surgery. I received bills for over $10,000 in total. You know what was shocking? I called the hospital up and they told me they'd take 70% off if I paid one lump sum. Now, in other settings people would call that a fleecing or a scam (that's a steep interest rate for financing, if you consider that all finance charges), but the 70% was clearly for not only the finance charges, but people who didn't pay at all (Emergency rooms all have signs saying they will treat you regardless of your ability to pay). This problem has diminished some, due to the expansion of Medicaid, but it's still there. 

Yes. At the very least it should be strongly implied. 

Last, he's technically exercising his first amendment rights. As POTUS, XKCD 1357 doesn't apply. 

That's "solely on the basis of partisan political affiliation" as you point out, and that seems pretty hard to argue in the case of the NFL. 

The Republicans reportedly wanted to extend the limit enough to be safe until after the 2018 midterms. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ja5Q75hf6QI 

Things become trickier in the event he's incapacitated, for instance by falling in a coma. According to this research here (emphasis mine): 

They asked 7,150 respondents for their opinion, but asked each one about a random selection of 15 of 144 countries. If you make the numbers show in the table where you can select of a few individual countries and the breakdown by respondent type, you can see this translates to roughly 1,000-1,400 respondents per country in total. If you ignore the 45% not sure replies (which the NYT seems to have done), you end up with a relatively small sample size and I'd wager nothing conclusively different. 

According to an article by the Politico, it quoted an official from Utah saying that changing it now isn't allowed: 

Flynn then spoke to him after Obama introduced sanctions on Russia: 

So, this caused embarrassment for the Trump administration since they misled the public. 

Yes, the constitution allows pardoning people who haven't been charged. 

Basically, by doing this, it will allow him to claim that he is transparent with the meeting which is the reason he mentioned on Twitter when he released the emails. He stated that he wants to be "totally transparent" and that is the reason he released the full chain of emails, as seen below. 

No, it has never happened. There hasn't been any President-elect that died before Inauguration Day and after the Electoral College votes. 

As all high government officials require the consent of the Senate, would it be possible for a opposition-held Senate to continuously reject the nominations by the President?