e) goal difference resulting from the group matches between the teams concerned; World soccer's global governing body FIFA and the International Football Association Board (IFAB) made the announcement following a meeting in Zurich on Thursday. A specific answers to your questions: Today FIFA approved using Goal-line technology in soccer! Source: FIFA laws of the games The section about Handling the ball explains the list of points the referee should consider before deciding the hand ball was deliberately and awarding a free kick. You can see an example (Given by @mormegil), in Group F of the 1990 FIFA World Cup, Ireland and the Netherlands were “completely” tied, and their positions had to be decided by drawing of lots (won by Ireland). - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1990_FIFA_World_Cup#Group_F You can see demonstration of this technology at the following video The basic rule of handling appear on FIFA laws of the games under LAW 12 – FOULS AND MISCONDUCT I also found another reference to talking about a specific case of unintentional hand ball: Two systems, designed by technology companies GoalRef and Hawk-Eye, have been approved after going through two phases of FIFA testing. So the question is what deliberately means. If two or more teams are equal on the basis of the above three criteria, their rankings will be determined as follows: g) drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee. The answer is drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee. f) greater number of goals scored in all group matches between the teams concerned; b) goal difference in all group matches; Is it a foul if a player touches the ball with his hand unintentionally? Is it a foul is a player trips and falls and touches the ball with his hand during the fall? If the refree interprets the hand ball as unintentionally so he won't award a free kick. With regard to the first example you cited, the reason behind why the foul was not given was not because Neuer got to the ball first. Rather, it was likely because the referee did not think a foul had been committed (in fact, I think he called a foul against Higuain). There is an argument to be made that Neuer's jump towards the ball was reckless, but both players had eyes on the ballso if that was reckless, then Higuain running into the goalkeeper could also be deemed reckless. Goalkeepers do tend to be protected a bit because they are often in vulnerable positions - jumping up high to get to the ball with their hands. Second mention (Page 126, Interpretation of the Laws of the Game, Law 12 - Fouls and Misconduct): In the Law of the Game there is actually no mention about getting to the ball first when in reference to a foul. I've left out fouls that are not in relation to the run of play, but you can see the whole list on the document. You can see demonstration of this technology at the following video The basic rule of handling appear on FIFA laws of the games under LAW 12 – FOULS AND MISCONDUCT Source: FIFA laws of the games The ranking of each team in each group will be determined as follows: d) greatest number of points obtained in the group matches between the teams concerned; A specific answers to your questions: FIFA intend for goal-line technology to be used at December's Club World Cup in Japan, and if successful it will also be implemented at the 2013 African Cup of Nations and the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. Is it a foul if a player touches the ball with his hand unintentionally? Is it a foul is a player trips and falls and touches the ball with his hand during the fall? If the refree interprets the hand ball as unintentionally so he won't award a free kick. Two systems, designed by technology companies GoalRef and Hawk-Eye, have been approved after going through two phases of FIFA testing. If two or more teams are equal on the basis of the above three criteria, their rankings will be determined as follows: World soccer's global governing body FIFA and the International Football Association Board (IFAB) made the announcement following a meeting in Zurich on Thursday. The FIFA Rules of the game don't actively say anything about two-legged tackles. Tackles, in fact, are only mentioned twice in the rulebook. I've left out fouls that are not in relation to the run of play, but you can see the whole list on the document. In the Law of the Game there is actually no mention about getting to the ball first when in reference to a foul. Law 12, regarding Fouls and Misconduct, can be found starting on Page 36 of the document linked below. I won't recap the full text of it (it's about 4 pages long), but the highlights are basically that a foul (in the run of play) consists of any of the following, if the referee considers it to be careless, reckless or using excessive force: FIFA's Laws of the Game is linked below. With regard to the first example you cited, the reason behind why the foul was not given was not because Neuer got to the ball first. Rather, it was likely because the referee did not think a foul had been committed (in fact, I think he called a foul against Higuain). There is an argument to be made that Neuer's jump towards the ball was reckless, but both players had eyes on the ballso if that was reckless, then Higuain running into the goalkeeper could also be deemed reckless. Goalkeepers do tend to be protected a bit because they are often in vulnerable positions - jumping up high to get to the ball with their hands.