Once you and your husband have decided on what is appropriate behavior and what the consequences should be, implement your choices and follow through with the consequences every single time. This is how you will teach her, by correcting her. Probably a lot. It won't be easy going at first, but it will pay off. Sounds like you and your husband aren't providing consistent consequences for her actions. You try to discipline her. Your husband doesn't do anything (and it sounds like he might be undermining you). You and your husband need to sit down and figure out what the consequences should be when your daughter misbehaves. Your daughter wants what most everyone else wants, to be happy, usually through getting her way. And she has figured out she can get your attention any time she wants it by interrupting. She isn't going to learn socially acceptable behavior unless you teach it to her. Eventually she will get to a place in life where people won't put up with such behavior and those people won't have an unconditional love for her like you and your husband do. You will shrug off mistakes and teach her. Others may not. As can be expected, she is not very good at staying within the lines, and although we tell her that that's all right (and, ourselves, intentionally do it all messed up), she becomes frustrated to the point of throwing her pencils because she wants to be better -- but she doesn't want to train because she isn't good enough. Gah, child logic is hard. She just wants to sit next to us and direct us to do the drawing 'properly'; every now and then we agree to do that, but explain to her that she's supposed to do the colouring herself, if she wants to colour at all that is (it's not like we're forcing her). Edit: We seem to have overcome some form of hurdle. I bought a giant colouring book (over half a metre on each side) where the motifs (and their components) are comfortably big, and we are doing the colouring together. I do some, she does some, and some shapes I make a big fat border within the outline and she fills it in (akin to BlueRaja's suggestion). As most kids, my daughter loves to draw and colour pre-printed templates. She started quite early (on her own, improvising with any paper that had outlines on it), then progressed rather quickly from just scratching the entire page to making a proper effort to stay within the lines. According to this post, that's early for her age, but she's been early with a lot of things. What things can we do to encourage her to keep trying even though she's not at her desired skill level, to let her understand that it's okay to struggle with things? Ohh, so difficult to choose a single answer! Thank you all for your excellent input. Still, every now and again she goes into a frustration rage, and that's okay. And we do praise the effort (as we were also doing before posting). What we don't want to do is simply tell him "You have to listen to your teacher"; that doesn't give him why, for one thing, and relies on his respect for us and/or parental authority that we prefer not to rely on unless absolutely necessary. A good answer will help us give him the tools to deal with someone in authority without expecting him to become a compliant sheep, and the reasons to understand why it might be necessary or appropriate. We just had our second parent-teacher conference with our almost-four year old's preschool teacher (he's in a Montessori school, that follows the technique well, mostly), and among other things, learned that the main issue the teacher felt that needed to be addressed was his respect for authority - and by that, she clearly meant "doing what he's told". Teacher to student ratio of 1:8 is a reasonable ratio at 3; at 2.5 I'd say it's even a little low. 2.5 year olds want - need - attention from adults, and it can be difficult in a larger class to get that attention. In my state (Illinois), 1:8 would be the maximum ratio allowed at 2.5; while you could have more than 8 kids in a class, you'd need more teachers. Learning socialization is quite possible with a smaller group. Eight is plenty to have some diversity; you may want to find out how much diversity there actually is of course in both schools, of course. At the age you're talking about, teacher:student ratio seems more important than student count. If the larger class you're looking at has a poorer ratio, I wouldn't choose that (absent other reasons for choosing). This clashes with the general discipline model, though; certainly teachers expect that if they tell a student something, he does it, no questions or "talking back", and to a large extent that's seen as necessary. Even in a Montessori classroom, that's still the expectation, and not one we can really do a lot about (other than choose a different school, I suppose). Sounds like you and your husband aren't providing consistent consequences for her actions. You try to discipline her. Your husband doesn't do anything (and it sounds like he might be undermining you). You and your husband need to sit down and figure out what the consequences should be when your daughter misbehaves. Once you and your husband have decided on what is appropriate behavior and what the consequences should be, implement your choices and follow through with the consequences every single time. This is how you will teach her, by correcting her. Probably a lot. It won't be easy going at first, but it will pay off. Your daughter wants what most everyone else wants, to be happy, usually through getting her way. And she has figured out she can get your attention any time she wants it by interrupting. She isn't going to learn socially acceptable behavior unless you teach it to her. Eventually she will get to a place in life where people won't put up with such behavior and those people won't have an unconditional love for her like you and your husband do. You will shrug off mistakes and teach her. Others may not.