Let me use a TV show as an example, because I can't think of a written one at the moment. The BBC's wildly successful Sherlock aired its fourth season at the beginning of 2017, and it was almost universally panned. People actively hated it. The cinematography was gorgeous, the acting was wonderful, but the writing was... like we were watching the wrong show. 

The bartender pointed to the shiny black phone on the bar next to the register. "So call the police." 

"I can't call the police": Now that's very interesting. Why not? 

You have a scene already, right? John walks into the room, says something to Mary, Mary responds. 

ETA I forgot that Larry Niven's Kzin race don't have names at birth; they have to earn them. 

But the fourth season went absolutely off the rails from all of this. Sherlock ignoring John, John barely speaking to Sherlock, Mary constantly in the middle of the two of them, Sherlock claiming to openly prefer Mary to John, John assaulting Sherlock and beating him bloody, Mrs. Hudson drag-racing an Aston Martin, Mycroft vomiting in distress after seeing violence, a mysterious mind-controlling secret sister in a secret government installation who is somehow in league with Moriarty who's been dead for years, an explosion which blows two men out a second-story window without a scratch and destroys the flat but not the rug, a character leaping in front of a bullet after it's fired and having a Hamlet-length death scene when it's established that a chest shot puts you out in three seconds... I could go on. 

I found that when I was reading a collection of Grimm's fairytales — just translated, not the bowdlerized Disney versions — a whole bunch of them have nameless characters. The King, The Queen, The Prince; the baker's daughter, the tailor's apprentice. Puss in Boots is the only character with a name in his story; the rest are the miller's son, the king, his daughter, and the ogre. (The Marquis is a title which Puss invents.) And all those have lasted for hundreds of years. 

There's not really any official process one can go through to assert ownership of a concept; all you can do is express it as memorably and as well as you can, so that people will be more likely to associate it with you. As Delany, paraphrasing Emily Dickinson, once wrote, "nothing survives except fine execution". Plenty of people have good, even brilliant ideas, but if they aren't well expressed, no one notices or cares. 

With that said, the establishment of the "Ordinary World" is one of the core "Hero's Journey" elements, and it's arguably just good storytelling. However, it absolutely doesn't have to be literal. All it means, in practice, is whatever your character has come to accept as day-to-day normality for his or her own life --leaving it does not need to be a physical journey. It also doesn't need to resemble what the reader views as ordinary (although if it does, it may help build identification with the character). 

As with every element of style, it depends on context. In modern American fiction, semicolons are avoided; but trends do change, and old-fashioned modes of expression that were once considered effete affectations are coming back into fashion. 

Pretty unambiguous, right? As the author, your word is law (unless, of course, you're speaking through a first-person narrator). 

If you try to please everyone, you please no-one. Finnegan's Wake (Joyce) has gained and retained a reputation as a great classic of the English language, despite working hard at every turn to confound and confuse the reader (and arguably not even being written in real "English"). 

Yes, that was it, a definite pull from the left, and an emptiness straight ahead. Thank the goddess, that’s a window. Moving, one foot, Slow, go slow, then the other, so as not to wake his captors, he reached the window. Outside, energies moved left and right. A street. 

My question is broad because I don't mind a range of answers (I am trying to get up to speed quickly, and have read a goodly amount on the subject, but blogs/etc tend to give general advice like 'show-not-tell,' or 'edit edit edit," etc. ... Great advice but not really pertinent to what I am noticing among myself and other beginning novelists). but I will focus some here. 

I am now curious the best way to get feedback on these two alternate chapter 1's. I am told Chapter 1 is the most important. 

As you read, and practice writing, it all gets stronger and better, like peddling a two-wheeled conveyance. 

This is the lazy, easy indicator of emerging psychic ability in fantasy. It is intended to show that something bizarre is happening in a person's mind, and they are acquiring a psychic ability. When I realized that everyone uses headaches for this, I also realized that copying something like that - Well, I don't want to read that over and over again and the audience won't either. And there is no reason for psychic ability to be heralded by headaches, except that it is what someone thought once and it stuck.