My only concern here is that it doesn't actually improve on the whole "gallery mode" trick very much, in that you could presumably write a script to implement this today without any additional support from the system. IMHO, if someone is getting kicked a lot, there's a problem - either with the kicker or the kickee. ...Except, some of the flags are completely bogus. And the "declined..." link is entirely too close to the "helpful" button for me to hit it accurately. ...Although to be fair, I have almost nothing to lose if this suggestion is implemented... Jarrod whipped this up this past week, and the behavior should now be live. Edits will be rolled into the previous revision if the previous revision was created by the same author and none of the following conditions are present: The small bit of added space did the trick. Action shot: Currently, doing this is... Somewhat tedious. More importantly though, moderators can't do it at all! The new mobile theme, wonderful though it is, lacks a "kick-mute" option. Posts have a flag option (though no mod-flag option) and a delete option, but tapping a user just takes you to their profile. Naturally, they'd still be able to read the transcripts, however this may remove some of the temptation for angry users to sit, stoking their anger, until the system allows them to release it upon the hapless villagers. Sure, I could just look for the user on chat first; but if they have a different user name on their preferred site, that's difficult... and worse yet, it's inconvenient! Wait, only 5 flags still? Ouch. That doesn't go very far. Switch to the full-site theme Tap the username (probably have to zoom in for this unless you have very small fingers). Find the menu that popped up (if you zoomed in, it definitely won't be next to the username you tapped) Tap kick-mute (might have to zoom in again if you zoomed out to find the pop-up) Flip back to mobile theme (zoom all the way out and target an unreadable link in the bottom-right sidebar). That's... Hard to do without a significant break in the conversation, during which things may well have escalated. Usage guidance This was implemented for the following purpose: someone is quickly and repeatedly suggesting poor or controversial edits and must be stopped before they can overwhelm the review queue. The ban will allow pending edits to be reviewed with care at the convenience of the moderators or other reviewers. Following the edit ban, they should be engaged in comments and/or on meta and made aware of the rules and guidelines for respectful editing. Hey, cool, the 10K tools list comment flags now! It's time to cleanse the city, Davey! I've been thinking about this for a while... It'd be a really nice way to allow room owners to actually moderate their room without the sort of tricks you refer to (I'd include mass-migration of posts to "bin" rooms in this list as well - fine for cleaning up abuse, terrible if it has to happen as a matter of course for every day interactions). ...unless the mods/owners happen to be chatting on mobile. How 'bout... 300. Or at least 40. They burn off quick... You'll be allowed to talk again in 1 minute. Therefore, I propose an option be added to each posts's moderator menu that will provide a list of any and all review tasks associated with it. A spiritual brother to the current "Show flag history" option: I'm not entirely sure this would need to be moderator-only, but I've had requests from moderators for this information and can see where it would be helpful to them on occasion (for the same reasons it's been helpful to me), whereas it might well just be noise for most other folks. I'm fine with that. Something that's bugged me for a while is that while I don't mind helping out by editing poorly-asked questions, it seems wrong that some users come to rely on this, coasting through asking one lousy question after another, occasionally garnering significant amounts of reputation post-cleanup. Note that this may not always work in the case of system-imposed edits (that is, if their recent edit history still looks lousy at the time you lift the ban, it might just get re-applied.) However, I would be in favor of a feature that let you delete the question from your site and simultaneously change the close reason to "off-topic" on SO (in the process unlocking the original but leaving it closed). That would accomplish three helpful things: I'd like to see this implemented as follows: First kick exits the user from the room (loading the list of rooms, as today) and blocks the user from talking in the room they were kicked from for 1 minute. They should be shown a message that explains what happened and what they should do to avoid it in the future: You can also lift an edit ban now: I can't help but think that just a little bit of whitespace, maybe just an extra line, would suffice to avoid this problem. There's no way to "undo" a misclick on "helpful", so I've already given three unhelpful flags a stamp of approval when nothing needed to be done. If I zoom way, waaaay in, and tap very carefully, I can usually mash the link, but even then sometimes Android seems to think I'm aiming for that button.