I think that a large, varied vocabulary is a great thing, but the problem with gaining your vocabulary from a reference source rather than from reading prose is that you don't really get the more subtle meanings and shadings. Somebody once said that there's no such thing as an exact synonym, and while I'm not sure if that's true, I definitely think that thesauri go way too far in claiming that words are synonyms when they really aren't. I just looked at the word 'home' in an online thesaurus, and there's not one of the suggested synonyms that would work even in a simple sentence like "I want to go home," and some of the suggestions are just plain wacky. (http://thesaurus.com/browse/home). I wouldn't use all of them, but I'd definitely use some, and mostly for the reasons you pointed out. Dialogue doesn't have to be grammatically correct; really, it probably shouldn't be grammatically correct, most of the time (since most of the time people don't speak in grammatically correct ways). So in dialogue, instead of using punctuation to follow grammar rules, I think it should be used to indicate the manner of speaking. So if an author is trying to represent the sort of pause that is best represented by a comma, then the author should use the comma, regardless of grammar. "I'm warning you" (colon, for added drama). 

I think that thesauri treat writing as if it's a science, when really it's an art, or at least a craft. ETA: But after some thought - maybe a thesaurus would be useful when you just need your memory jogged. Like, not as a way to learn whole new words, but rather as a tool for times when you know that the word you've used isn't quite right (either because of repetition or because the connotation isn't quite what you're looking for), and need suggested replacements. I can see a thesaurus being useful in that context, as long as you restrict yourself to only using words with which you're already familiar. I don't use it. I would caution against others using it, or any other thesaurus. 

For the record, of the examples you posted, I think I'd change: 

ETA: The novel in question is looking like it'll be a Paranormal Romance. So my decision is whether to write from just the female POV or throw the male POV in as well. If it was a straight-up Romance, the decision would be easier - which choice would best allow me to make readers care about the characters and want them to be together? Which choice would establish tension about whether or not they will be able to overcome the obstacles that face them? But throwing the paranormal plot in makes it trickier. I want the characters to be suspicious of each other, and maybe I want the reader to be unsure, as well... I'm starting to look at my next novel, and I'm trying to decide whether I should tell it from one POV or two. I've used both techniques in the past, so I'm aware of the basic advantages/disadvantages, but I'm still having trouble deciding which is best for the story I want to tell. "I'm not going" (probably semi-colon, maybe em-dash, maybe even a period); 

The others I'd leave as commas splices. But it depends on how the author hears the words being spoken, of course. So, with that understanding - I'd say the best time to use it would be when you're reading over your work, and find a word that doesn't quite work. I wouldn't use it for first drafts, when you're just trying to get the big ideas down, but I can see it being useful for fine tuning. Interesting. I realize that it's impossible to answer that question without knowing the details of my story, but I'm hunting for some sort of framework for my thoughts, so: in general, when is it advisable to stick with a single POV character, and when does it make sense to branch out?