Blizzard announced that they will allow character name changes. They plan on offering the change for free, and then later a paid service to change the name if you so desire: 

3) Build defenses (Turrets and Bunkers). Most of the air attacks came to my first base, 1 bunker (marine, marine, firebat, marauder) 1 turret, 2 SCVs was more than enough to fend off all attacks. 

I generally used this same force (3-4 medics, 4-6 mercenary marines in the bunker, 6-8 reapers) wherever I moved the command center. The reapers would jump ahead to the next mineral deposit to clear out the enemies, and run back to the medics as needed, and the rest would stay by the bunker which was just up the hill from the minerals. You can view which ones they are (they are known to change infrequently) by going to the multiplayer menu and selecting "map preferences" (the maps change based on how many people are playing). 

It depends on what you mean by "not lose minerals" Then, as I needed to move to other bases (heading south towards the brutalisk next), I used the provided secondary command center with 4 mercenary marines and a few medics with the 6-8 Reapers to protect it. The attacks against it were minor, but I did build a bunker and had an SCV repairing it. 

Option 3: If you have a little bit longer, select only those that are going back to mining, that way you lose no minerals at all, nor even time wasted mining. Here's what I did (hard difficulty): Option 2: If you have a brief instant of reprieve, but need to get back on the battlefield, you can save 5 minerals from option 1, by sending (B) back to the base. The quickest way to do that is by ordering "return with goods". This is better then sending them all back to the base, because only the one with minerals will run back. Immediately after issuing the "return with goods / return cargo" command, shift right click on the geyser, and that will queue a command to the geyser, which for the other two will be executed instantly. This can be done in one instant, because the return with goods command can be issued by the keyboard hand, while the mouse hand will be moving to issue the command to the geyser. 

StarCraft II has a new model where you tell it exactly how many things you want. If you want 5 marines, you press "Marine" 5 times. If you have 10 corrupters selected, and you want 4 brood lords, press Brood Lord 4 times. It is a little annoying at first, but is vastly superior. Imagine you've got 3 larvae selected. You can press "drone", "zergling", "overlord" and it will build one of each. Very handy.