Mortal sins actually take you out of the state of grace, or sanctification. If you die under the guilt of an unconfessed mortal sin, you go to hell. Most evangelicals do not have a concept that equals mortal sin, however arminian theologians believe you can loose your faith, which in that sense is the only mortal sin (for those who believe this is a possibility). Many, if not most, evangelicals think a believer does not have the power to fully loose their faith or commit curtains sins like hating the church, becoming a mass murderer, teaching false doctrines, etc. The conclusion: The elect who have genuinely trusted in Christ receive relief from there dread of eternal damnation and consolation that is never fully destroyed. They therefore persevere and although possibly stumbling into various sins, they never loose that fear of hell and comfort of faith to rescue them from it and therefore return or keep returning to live a life not dominated by the sins they used to commit prior to believing in Christ. During the times when they are down and the conclusion is not clear they are willing to assume the worst and encourage themselves to fear hell in order to arouse their own soul into obedience to faith. However when being accused by the Devil and condemned and so discouraged and fallen into sin through doubt, the Holy Spirit himself will provide assurance so that faith is not snuffed out and a bruised reed not broken, with the final conclusion that the believer will always persevere with faith and be swallowed up in glory forever. Sometimes it is not clear and is not meant to be clear as God himself provides the assurance to the elect ensuring their perseverance. 3) We become like those we associate with. We naturally conform to the culture in which we take part. If their tendency is to defer to the local leadership or local custom, then we will eventually parrot that to others; but is the custom to seek God? Is the culture a God-seeking culture, or a culture of established ritualistic habits (think of the Pharisees)? 

He communicated to Abram (Abraham), and Abraham believed God and God justified him by faith (Genesis 15:5-6), then he later ratified his faith by works of faith and obedience (James 2:21-24). Again, this was before there were Israelites. Curiously, what God said to him in Gen. 15, and what Abraham believed, was not a clear gospel story; God justified him for his trusting in God. After the Fall, God communicated to Adam and Eve promises of a deliverer, such as the promise of Genesis 3:15, "And I will put enmity between you [the serpent] and the woman, and between your seed and her Seed; He shall bruise your head, and you shall bruise His heel.". When they believed in this, they believed in the God who spoke it. They were "saved" because of their faith in the promise (believing in Him who spoke it), but still had to suffer the consequences of the Fall. 

I've read a bulletin by missionaries who have heard of Muslims having a dream in which they see a man with wounds in his hands and feet telling them to go to the Christians and ask them about him. So God is still speaking to men today, using men and women to reach out to them.