20.4.2.9 the ball does not leave the bowler’s hand for any reason other than an attempt to run out the non-striker under Law 41.16 (Non-striker leaving his/her ground early). 

In the case that it is not clear even to witnesses or by examination of evidence (and in particular, it is not clear to the umpires of the match in question) benefit of the doubt is presumed for the batsman (Law 27.6, Consultation by umpires), and therefore the decision should be not out. 

The game as a whole is made simpler and more coherent if it is only possible to move forward when attacking, and this requires that it not be possible to move forward when defending. To be attacking, a team must have possession, one way or another. The exception is backward movement made as part of the attack, i.e. the snap and any backward passes or runs: the attacking team sacrifices territory now in order to gain territory in several seconds. 

In Auckland 2016 draw you can see that the "last" tennis player direct acceptance (no qualification needed) in Mariana Duque-Marino (ranking 78th), there are 4 slot for qualification players and 2 Wild Cards. 

How is it possible for the assistant referee to realize when a player is offside? 

This rule applies to every tournaments, Grand Slam and minor ones. 

I use it for curling tournaments and work in this way (for 12 teams): 

Here the video of the draw of Australian Open 2016 

(a) in all races run in lanes, each athlete shall keep within his allocated lane from start to finish. this shall also apply to any portion of a race run in lanes. (b) in all races (or any part of races) not run in lanes, an athlete running on a bend, on the outer half of the track as per Rule 162.10, or on any curved part of the diversion from the track for the steeplechase water jump, shall not step or run on or inside the kerb or line marking the applicable border (the inside of the track, the outer half of the track, or any curved part of the diversion from the track for the steeplechase water jump). 

Applied: it is applied also to double matches (men and women) and also in other tournaments out of Gran Slam circuit: 

The problem is that is necessary to view the last players (forward and defender) and the ball at the same time. 

In downhill they test the track with time trials twice before every race (in the image you can see the FIS calendar for december 2015 where all the time training downhill are signed with blue arrows) 

The players other than the kicker must be located: • inside the field of play 

In the past was the ranking rules was not followed so closely: maybe there are players strong on grass and weak on clay so there where a bit of adjustments, but this way generate many controversy so now it is followed the "rankings rules". 

20.4.2.9 the ball does not leave the bowler’s hand for any reason other than an attempt to run out the non-striker under Law 41.16 (Non-striker leaving his/her ground early). 

No. Penalties are awarded by the officials. Team preference is not a factor; they do not have any input on the decision. 

At no point in any part of the rule is any mention or implication that the offender's opponents may decide the penalty is not served at all. 

Kick takers are selected from the players on the field at the end of the match (either at full time, or if extra time was used, then after extra time). From the IFAB Law 10, with added emphasis on a phrase of special importance, 

Each attempt at moving the ball forward is called a down. A down ends when the player with the ball is tackled (see further definition later) or leaves the field of play, some kind of score occurs, a pass is incomplete, or the player in possession stops making forward progress. Note that 

the ball is placed for the next down based on its position when the down ends, and not for example when a defender first made contact with the attacker or when the attacker first took possession. 

ITTF is still approving celluloid balls, and they may still be used for non-ITTF sanctioned events. If you have an ITTF-approved ball in your hand and are unclear if you have a celluloid or plastic ball, the plastic balls have "40+" printed on them. Celluloid balls have "40" printed without the "+" character. 

The NFL has similar language. From the Official Playing Rules of the NFL 2012, Rule 15, Section 9 (Instant Replay): 

a. A live ball that is not a throw-in enters the basket from above and remains in or passes through the basket; or 

By definition, a let does not result in a point scored. Additionally, the service does not change until a certain number of points are scored. As a result, you can serve multiple "net serves" in a row, and each will be a let. 

This section of the rule book does not specify a penalty for skipping other commitment tournaments. The Rankings section of the rulebook reveals the penalty. If the other commitment tournaments are skipped, they are counted against the player for ranking purposes.