Once you start treatment in an outpatient setting, if the you and the therapist feel outpatient therapy is working, great! If the therapist thinks a substance-abuse program might help, then send him to one. That's one option. That option will probably be covered by insurance as well. The articles discuss how to chance your parenting style to try to undo this damage, including affirming smart risk-taking and hard work wisely. Help them see the advantage of both of these, and that stepping out a comfort zone usually pays off. I wish I could say this is normal and natural, but it's not, unless you're talking only about very intelligent kids, a subset of whom believes that they can get by on their smarts and their smarts alone. When they don't make the grade on smarts alone, it's always someone else's fault. Lies are common, and (maybe you haven't encountered this) so is cheating. And this they will justify by saying, "I'm smarter than (X), and if I had studied, I'd have passed. So, cheating isn't wrong." I think that your daughter should not be chatting on the net in private -- and that doesn't mean she can't have privacy, but that she is in a common area while she plays or chats. I think you have to be 100% honest. Talking it out during therapy is a good idea. Set rules and follow them. There are set consequences for breaking the rules. Perhaps the therapist can help you decide on appropriate rules/goals and consequences. (Deep background, this is not my own daughter but my godchild. When her parents died, I became her guardian. She was 4 when they died. So sometimes she uses that as her trump card. Teens aren't 'easy'.) If Dad is in the loop, please make him a part of it. No one (including parents) can back down or change the rules. When my daughter at 5 asked why I was buying tampons in the grocery store, I said something like, "You know I menstruate, right? These tampons help me stay comfortable, like a diaper keeps a baby comfortable." She did not ask more, but when she did, I answered. She had as much right to that information as any human does. Later, when she saw tampons in my bathroom and noticed they did not look like diapers, I showed her with a doll, where they went and explained it did not hurt. Later she told her dad that she had a hole in her vulva and asked where his hole was. It's hard not to laugh or be embarrassed but he was a trouper. He said he was a man and that instead of a vagina, uterus and vulva, he had a penis and testicles. Out came the big book we had about our bodies and he showed her. It was the first time she heard about ova and sperm and all that, but she was fascinated by it. Her best question had come years earlier when she saw her biological father in the shower, "Daddy what is that thing coming out of your vulva?" If you do take in this teen, please involve her in therapy. She needs help, and the sounding board you provide may not be enough. Set some ground rules that you agree upon together (and some she may not want to agree to but are helpful to her anyway.) Be prepared to deal with a lot of rebellion (some of which is normal at this age, but some will be because she sees herself as self-determining now.) Have patience and get help if needed. I wish I could say this is normal and natural, but it's not, unless you're talking only about very intelligent kids, a subset of whom believes that they can get by on their smarts and their smarts alone. When they don't make the grade on smarts alone, it's always someone else's fault. Lies are common, and (maybe you haven't encountered this) so is cheating. And this they will justify by saying, "I'm smarter than (X), and if I had studied, I'd have passed. So, cheating isn't wrong." I think you have to be 100% honest. Talking it out during therapy is a good idea. Set rules and follow them. There are set consequences for breaking the rules. Perhaps the therapist can help you decide on appropriate rules/goals and consequences. With our daughter we discussed it years in advance by and through the study of biology. Why did our dog get neutered? How do cats get pregnant? Why does that mummy have a big tummy? Why is Willow Mum buying sanitary pads and tampons? Later, how did a baby get in there? How is it fed or breathing in there? The questions came naturally. The answers did too. I have certainly spoken with 13 year olds on the internet and I am in my 60s. Some of the time was in a game room chat and some of the time in my role as a moderator on a forum. I am quite friendly with a 14 y/o girl who is writing a book and she is quite good at writing. When my daughter at 5 asked why I was buying tampons in the grocery store, I said something like, "You know I menstruate, right? These tampons help me stay comfortable, like a diaper keeps a baby comfortable." She did not ask more, but when she did, I answered. She had as much right to that information as any human does. Later, when she saw tampons in my bathroom and noticed they did not look like diapers, I showed her with a doll, where they went and explained it did not hurt. Later she told her dad that she had a hole in her vulva and asked where his hole was. It's hard not to laugh or be embarrassed but he was a trouper. He said he was a man and that instead of a vagina, uterus and vulva, he had a penis and testicles. Out came the big book we had about our bodies and he showed her. It was the first time she heard about ova and sperm and all that, but she was fascinated by it. Her best question had come years earlier when she saw her biological father in the shower, "Daddy what is that thing coming out of your vulva?"