The question I might have asked is, "Is the U.S. a Superpower today because of World War ONE?" And that's the question I'll answer. 

McClellan had been a popular commander on several counts. He had come to command the Army of the Potomac after winning two small victories in the modern West Virginia in 1861, which was two more victories than any other Union commander up to that time, and led to that state rejoining the Union. 

It's true that the U.S. emerged from World War II with something like 50 percent of the world's industrial capacity, versus 40 percent before World War II, according to Paul Kennedy in "Imperial Overstretch." But the stage had been set during and after World War I. 

During the 1920s, the U.S. controlled something like 50 percent of the world's gold reserves, a result of the trade and money flows to the U.S. during and after World War I. 

The idea was actually soundly executed as formulated, the Peninsular Campaign was actually a "Pyrrhic victory" for General Lee, who lost more men both absolutely and proportionately. Not even Grant, the ultimate victor could inflict more absolute casualties on Lee until the very end. (And Grant was regarded as a "Butcher.") 

Natural borders such as bodies of water prevailed where there were PEOPLE living around them. For instance, much of the eastern end of the U.S. Canadian border was defined by the Great Lakes and the St. Lawrence River. On the Maine-Canadian border, it was defined by forests used by Maine (or Canadian) loggers. In such instances, "strong fences make good neighbors." 

With the above accomplished, was it militarily possible for the Americans to "island hop" the archipelago, capture only a few islands, "strand" the remaining Japanese, and "switch gears" to larger but now less-well-defended targets such as the modern Indonesia and Indochina, leaving the Japanese in the Philippines to wither on the vine, as had been the case in the Pacific Islands? (MacArthur was all for recapturing the Philippines but other military men disagreed with him.) 

In 1914, the U.S. probably was not the strongest country in the world (perhaps third or fourth, no weaker than fifth). By 1918, the U.S. was the strongest country in the world, with Germany, Britain, France, and Russia having knocked themselves out of contention. The U.S. fought in the war, but entered when it was about two thirds over, meaning that it was spared most of the damage. The only comparable event in U.S. history was "1991," with a victory in the Persian Gulf War and the collapse of the Soviet Union, the rival superpower. 

One disadvantage the Japanese had was that they were trapped on Pacific islands. American "wounded" were usually evacuated and nursed back to health; Japanese wounded were wounded repeatedly until dead, or they killed themselves. Few surrendered (the 7,000 at Okinawa was "high" in this regard). 

Russia and America (the Union) were very nearly allies during the Civil War. The implied enemies were not so much the South (Confederacy), but rather Great Britain and France, who threatened to intervene on behalf of the South, and who had fought Russia a few years earlier. 

But the main benefit was AFTER the war. The country saved something like 25% of its GDP annually during almost four years of war. When it ended, the average American family had almost one year's wages in savings, most of it in war bonds. 

This battle was regarded as "sealing the peace." Even the "Iron Duke" of Wellington didn't want to fight the Americans after this. 

When Franklin Delano Roosevelt (FDR) was first nominated in 1932, he was a "plurality" (not majority) "left" Democratic candidate from New York, who was put "over the top" by John Nance Garner, a conservative Texan. (Garner decided that he wanted "second prize" for sure.) As such, it was a perfectly balanced "left-right" ticket that could run on "competence, not ideology," against the failed but centrist Republican Administration of Herbert Hoover. 

The sinking of the Reuben James contributed to the American war sentiment, and the U.S. and Germany went to war six weeks later. The sinking of the Lusitania in 1915 contributed to U.S. war sentiment, and America entered the war in early 1917, almost two years later. Both events were smoothed over (temporarily) when the Germans showed subsequent restraint. 

Another attraction of scouting (to adults) was that it kept children off the streets and provided natural outlets into which their natural youthful energies could be channeled. Coming too late to do much for World War I, this "channeling" of youth stood America in good stead during the Depression (e.g., the Civilian Conservation Corps), and of course, World War II itself, before being replaced with different, "Dr. Spock" child rearing methods after the war. 

When the "straight" borders (49th parallel and 141 W longitude) were defined, there were no (white) people living around them. "No one" (in a policy-making position) had any idea where the lakes, mountains or forests were. So people sitting in offices found it easier to negotiate straight lines as boundaries, and let the settlers find out what was on either side of them, instead of deciding where to put the "fences."