On the other hand, for weapons, views seem to differ more widely. So some jurisdictions could be tempted to test the limits of the constitutional guarantees while other would be much more permissive, based on local politics, and not directly on the constitution. If all states are happy to leave it alone and to go above and beyond the standard set by the constitution and the supreme court, you would expect the rules to be broadly similar and constitutional law to be less relevant. By contrast, when considering healthcare, it's not acting and letting people die from preventable causes that would be a violation of their rights. 

The constitution is written in English, anybody can read and interpret it and many people have done so. Unless you subscribe to the view that the constitution has no meaning whatsoever beyond what the court said about it, you have to recognize that some things can in principle be coherent with its contents and others cannot. It's convenient to have an adjective for that and I would contend that in English that word is “constitutional”, simply because it's the way in which English speakers use it. 

On a related note, the European Convention on Human Rights has 18 articles and a few protocols but a handful of them (right to liberty and security, prohibition against inhumane and degrading treatment) account for most of the cases in front of the Strasbourg court. Some articles are practically never invoked (right to marry, prohibition of slavery, no punishment without law) because those principles are narrower and not really threatened anywhere in Europe. 

Similarly, the constitution is the basis for deciding what's constitutional or not. Equating “constitutional” with “validated by the constitutional court” is possibly still defensible for an observer but it is obviously useless for the court itself because it would be left with nothing to justify its decisions. Although judges sometimes do appear to take some freedom with the letter of the text, they certainly mostly pretend to be following the law (in this case “discovering” whether something is constitutional or not, as it were), not making it up as they go. They have to assume that the constitution really has a meaning and hence that things can be (un)constitutional even before they reveal their decision in a given case.