If after action has been closed for the betting round, there is one or fewer players who are not all in, then any surplus bets would be returned to the non-allin player. http://wizardofodds.com/games/texas-hold-em/2-player-game/ You can find examples which illustrate this for the entire set of possible starting hands here: Ultimately this is only one measure of the value of a hand though and there are other factors which contribute to overall hand strength or whether you would want to play a particular hand in a certain way in a given situation. Equity calculations like this only show the absolute value of the hands if the hand goes to showdown and there is no further betting, ignoring considerations like implied (and reverse-implied) odds, bluff equity etc. It's based upon the equity those hands have against a random hand (or specific ranges of hands). You can check specific hand equities with tools like ProPokerTools. http://seoblackhat.com/texas-hold-em-poker-statistics/ To answer your specific scenario, if the blinds are 50/100 and both the small and big blind only have 25 each, the same logic also applies, so players wishing to call would do so for 100 and the minimum raise would be to a total bet of 200. If everyone folds to the blinds (highly unlikely), they would be in a showdown and run the board for a total pot of 50. If one player limps for 100 (or raises to any amount) and no-one calls, then there would be a 3-way showdown between that player and the two blinds and the player who limped/raised would get back all of the money they put into the pot, except for the 25 required to call the all-in players in the blinds. Finally, if a player limps or raises and one or more other players call this bet, there would be a side pot and any further action would be into that side pot as usual. So if a player limped for 100 and another player also limped behind, then there would be a main pot of 100 (4 x 25) which all of the players could win, and a side pot of 150 (2 x 75) which only the two players which were not all-in could win, with further action into that side pot. TD ended up just processing every clock call as they came in, because it was a new player every time, and they did not take decisive action to stop the clock calling, which in my mind was essentially targeted bullying and wasted a huge amount of time. I really think this was a terrible decision on the floors part. Now this is where my main question begins. The next hand the villain tanks, clock is called immediately again, but by a different player. The entire table begins to take turns on calling clock for every action the villain makes. I have never seen a situation like this ever before where 8 out of the 10 players at a table proceeded to target a single player. So my question for any TDs/Floorstaff or perhaps a player who has seen this happen before, is how do you as a TD deal with this situation? Can you give penalties for the entire table and allow the table to continue with only 2 players? I understand this is a very niche situation but I am really not sure how to effectively deal with this situation, and thought it was an interesting situation. If after action has been closed for the betting round, there is one or fewer players who are not all in, then any surplus bets would be returned to the non-allin player. In all games I've ever played, if a player is all in for less than one big blind, players must still call an amount equal to one big blind and the minimum raise is still to two big blinds as usual. It's based upon the equity those hands have against a random hand (or specific ranges of hands). You can check specific hand equities with tools like ProPokerTools. You can find examples which illustrate this for the entire set of possible starting hands here: http://seoblackhat.com/texas-hold-em-poker-statistics/ http://wizardofodds.com/games/texas-hold-em/2-player-game/ To answer your specific scenario, if the blinds are 50/100 and both the small and big blind only have 25 each, the same logic also applies, so players wishing to call would do so for 100 and the minimum raise would be to a total bet of 200. If everyone folds to the blinds (highly unlikely), they would be in a showdown and run the board for a total pot of 50. If one player limps for 100 (or raises to any amount) and no-one calls, then there would be a 3-way showdown between that player and the two blinds and the player who limped/raised would get back all of the money they put into the pot, except for the 25 required to call the all-in players in the blinds. Finally, if a player limps or raises and one or more other players call this bet, there would be a side pot and any further action would be into that side pot as usual. So if a player limped for 100 and another player also limped behind, then there would be a main pot of 100 (4 x 25) which all of the players could win, and a side pot of 150 (2 x 75) which only the two players which were not all-in could win, with further action into that side pot.