"He has sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim freedom for the captives and release from darkness for the prisoners," 

also worth noting, from the footnotes of the New American Bible 

Is was Jesus himself says about Himself in the Synagogue. Jesus would be the one who lifts the scales off our eyes by rubbing mud He made from His spit in them. And what does the fella see who has his eyes opened? People who kinda look like trees... Well, that may be what the people were, they are blind like he was blind, but their blindness is spiritual blindness that comes from within. 

However, this is not to say that they're doomed or mud people or in any way permanently deficient, its just where you (you apostles) are meeting this person now, it is not in their best interest to cure their blindness when what they need to do is learn to see. 

And now, if you'll bear with me, I'll attempt to connect the dots in my brain and you can tell me if it makes sense not. Grace is the thing God gives us, our souls are what perceive it, if our souls are blind (like the tree people or the folks in Isaiah) then we cannot perceive it. If, on the other hand, we are made to perceive it (or rather forced to perceive it, because we are already made to perceive it) then God has done the thing he doesn't do. He takes away our freewill and thereby diminishes our innate capacity to love Him to the fullest (which Jesus says is the greatest commandment). It wouldn't be the greatest commandment if it were merely a command performed by a magician "look into my eyes, you must love God with all your heart, with all your soul etc.)" that wouldn't be freewill and it wouldn't be love, it wouldn't be sacrificial or grace filled or even good. So, for some, it is dangerous to make them come forcibly into the light of God's glory, according to Moses, most folks would die if they tried. 

In fact, most Christian creedal statements starting very early on specifically include a note about the resurrection specifically to counter Gnostic and other belief systems that denied this: 

In modern times, similar views enjoy wide circulation, esp on the internet among all sorts of backgrounds including those with more modern culture than historic knowledge, heterodox Christians, new-age movements, and even atheists. However popular, the view tends to be vague having no concrete name or identifiable following. The concept of a metaphorical resurrection and ongoing appreciation for a long dead good-moral-teacher* are rather assimilated into some other world view and the whole thing is stamped as "Christian" in the sense that it incorporates some terminology and history from Christianity without subscribing to its primary doctrines. 

Of course the power of God through his Spirit made this possible. But at heart it wasn't a "message of love" that was irresistible. It was truth. 

It should be stressed that such views are not mainstream, majority or orthodox in any way. However there are groups that claim to be Christian and hold to a metaphorical view of Christ's resurrection. Likewise, there are groups who claim to be Christian but don't even believe that Christ existed or believe that he wasn't the Christ (God incarnate) or all sorts of other claims. Again, these are not representative of Christian theology but they do exist in the sphere of people who claim to be Christian. 

What happened next is truly epic. After a couple weeks Jesus left the scene, heading back to his father. The disciples were now left with something completely different than what they had after three years of just hearing hearing the guy teach. 

He even had to grow up physically and mentally. 

It is just these attributes of his being fully man that make him able to be OUR high priest. 

The thing is Christianity is not about living a good life and making your best effort to emulate some good role model. Christianity is the story of man that ALWAYS fail and needed something more. We needed a savior who could do it for us because we NEVER could. 

What made Christianity appealing was that it was true. This would have been much more apparent to the early followers. As time went on this has gotten increasingly hard to see, but lets look at the scenario again. 

One other major group that bears mentioning because they make their stand on Christ's resurrection being metaphorical would be Baha'i Faith. They do not pretend to be Christian but do co-opt quite a lot of terminology and claim to have the proper interpretation/context3 that makes sense out of some other Christian beliefs. If you want an article showing where they are coming from, try How to understand the inner (batin) and outer (zahir) meanings of the Resurrection of Christ in order to successfully prospect and teach Evangelical Christians and other Bible-believers the Baha'i Faith. 

“‘The Lord said to my Lord: “Sit at my right hand until I put your enemies under your feet.”’ (Psalm 110) 

Do we have the original scroll written by John? NO! No original documents of the books of the Bible are available today. Only copies from the original documents are existing today. 

It is up to the individuals to decide what is the true religion. As for myself, after studying all major religions, I found satisfaction in Christianity with strong believe in the Trinity. 

The New Testament gives a more detail picture of who the Messiah is. 

Then I replied, "Reverting to the Scriptures, I shall endeavour to persuade you, that He who is said to have appeared to Abraham, and to Jacob, and to Moses, and who is called God, is distinct from Him who made all things,--numerically, I mean, not[distinct] in will. For I affirm that He has never at any time done anything which He who made the world--above whom there is no other God--has not wished Him both to do and to engage Himself with." 

My view: It's hard to answer that Jews, Christians and Muslims worship the same God or not because everyone claim that they have the Truth. Even I myself will firmly say that what I believe is the Truth(Christianity). The deeper we go inside any of these religion, the bigger their differences are. 

Did Jesus follow Judaism? Yes. He was circumcised. He followed the Torah perfectly. In fact, He knew the Torah better than anyone else. He was called Rabbi, a title given to those who teach from the Torah. 

No wonder why the Apostles' Creed states "Jesus descended into hell". 

When Jesus explained Himself to the Jews, He equated himself with God, which incited the Jews to stone him. 

If then David calls him ‘Lord,’ how can he be his son?” No one could say a word in reply, and from that day on no one dared to ask him any more questions. 

If the intention of the people of Jerusalem was to say "Save us from the hands of Rome", it means they accepted Jesus as the Messiah after seeing all the miracles he performed. But in less than a week they became impatient and shouted "Crucify him!", thereby rushing to a conclusion that Jesus was actually not the Messiah. 

As we can see in these verses, it's quite simple. It only require faith and prayer followed by pronouncing the name of Jesus Christ. But the most problematic here is having faith, which can be achieved through prayer and experience only. I myself once participated in an exorcism performed by our pastor. All we did was pray, sing songs and command the evil spirit to come out in the name of Jesus Christ, and it worked :-)