In Remarks on the Foundations of Mathematics, even before the advent of computers, Wittgenstein identified a general phenomenon that feeds such worries. To make a computer capable of assisting in a proof a lot of linguistic conversions are required. We typically assume "transparency of language" and see them as converting the "same" calculations into different formalisms, but supposed "conversions" may alter the conception of what is done. The "dangerous, deceptive thing" about it is that "it makes the determination of a concept - concept formation - look like a fact of nature": This does not mean that we can convince anyone outside our moral outlook to adopt it: for we've already admitted that outside our moral outlook there is nothing to which we can appeal to commend it. We can only make various appeals to get him to see a situation as we do; if he is not so disposed there is nothing more that can be done... However, this doesn't threaten the objectivity of ethics, it only reveals him to be insensitive. The objectivity of mathematics does not totter every time a child cannot be taught to add." 

Because abstract form is not subject to observation or experiment, which can only witness the concrete, mathematics coined a different truth standard which is its cornerstone and characteristic feature - proof. In its ideal limit it takes the form of deductive proof in axiomatic systems, where all results can be derived symbolically from a few explicit and formally expressed assumptions. However, while its beginnings go back to the ancient Greece this ideal was only fully formulated in the 20th century. It does not mean that proofs are expressed, or even ought to be expressed, as formal deductions, a mere possibility of such expression suffices. It also does not mean that mathematics is free of experimentation and heuristic reasoning, but their results are preliminary, and mathematicians always strive to validate them by proof in the end. With the notable exception of Euclid Greek geometers largely ignored Plato's proscriptions on motion, mechanical curves proliferated (Archimedean spiral, etc.). Plato's idea that the language of becoming was "perforce" was disputed by Menaechmus, the founder of conic sections theory, who in a debate with Plato's successor Speusippus implied that geometers meant what they said. Indeed, ideal realm is at odds with hierarchical organization of mathematics by constructing complex objects from simpler ones that clearly appears even in Euclid. What possible status would mathematical constructions have for eternally co-existent unchanging objects? Since then calculus "brought motion into mathematics", and hierarchical constructions are essential in shaping the structure even of pure mathematics, and part of its appeal, rather than "perforce" figures of speech. Perhaps we are better off looking not at what changed but at what remained invariant. Here is a summary by MacLane, a founder of category theory:"Mathematics is the study of those structures which arise in different uses but with the same formal properties – and mathematicians aim to carry out that study by using proofs. This view, unlike Platonism, also accounts for the ways in which mathematics is used in other sciences". So to use Aristotle's terms, mathematics is a study of forms abstracted from matter. This is what makes it so broadly applicable, algebraic structure of a group is embodied in fundamental symmetries of nature and individual crystals, living organisms and works of art. Form can be expressed as numbers, shapes, symbols, sets, categories and as yet unknown higher abstractions. As for "logical objects", like connectives and predicates, they are eliminable. Wittgenstein in the Tractatus came up with the idea of combinatorial interpretation of connectives, they then stand for no objects at all, "logic takes care of itself" (of course, late Wittgenstein concluded that all of mathematics is not "about" anything, and is normative grammar in disguise, but that was hardly logicism). But according to Friedman, the Tractarian logicism recovers, at most, only primitive recursive arithmetic.