This is a good observation, the answer is that the notion of matter shifted away from the Aristotelian one around the time of Aquinas, and he was instrumental in effecting the change. According to the Aristotelian doctrine, matter was indeed the expression of any potentiality, any capacity for change. This led to a hierarchy of "spiritual matters", and form-matter composites turning into matter for higher order composites (in Aristotle's Physics, book II wood is a composite of matter with "woodenness", but at the same time it serves as mere matter for a bed). 6) Therefore, I perceive persisting objects in space outside me by reference to which I can determine the temporal order of my experiences. (1–5) 

For others, both sets of issues came down to the argument that values and behaviour are mutually reinforcing. "We all only have one character inside us," said Bob Hall, a delegate whose business card described him as a Christian constitutional conservative. "It comes down to personal responsibility." Dwayne Collins, a delegate from Edith, echoed that view. "If you don't keep your financial house in order," said Mr Collins, "The whole thing will fall apart." 

However, already in mid 16th century Stevin advocated admitting infinite decimals as numbers, see When did it become understood that irrational numbers have non-repeating decimal representations?, and by mid 17th century Euclidean strictures about distinguishing magnitudes, numbers and ratios were largely abandoned. Even earlier Cardano started manipulating "impossible" numbers, and others followed. The adventurous attitude of "results are more important than formalities" extended well into 18th century, when Euler did his famous manipulations with divergent series, and Dalambert told his students "keep working, faith will come later". To put it bluntly, most mathematicians did not care for Aristotelian distinction between actual and potential infinities. 

Later German romantics, like Hölderlin and Novalis, moved from "Spinozism" to a more up to date version of the "unity with the living Nature", idealism in the style of Schelling. Panpsychism and pantheism are routinely read into Blake's and Wordsworth's poetry by popularizers, see e.g. Albuquerque, but again one would have to apply the label loosely, in the sense of nature displaying some driving force, and perhaps sense and purpose, irreducible to mechanistic causation. [...] But why exactly does the kinematic interpretation fail to meet modern standards of rigor? This is a difficult and fascinating question. For now, however, I shall simply hazard the suggestion that the difference between the iterative infinity involved in Euclidean constructions and the stronger use of infinity involved in limit operations plays a central role here. In Euclidean geometry we specify the objects of our investigation — circles, straight lines, and any figures constructible from them-by a well — defined iterative or "inductive" procedure... By contrast, in the fluxional calculus we have no such specification: no step-by-step procedure (nor any other precisely defined method) for constructing all fluents or "fliessende Grissen" has been given. Similarly, our temporal representation of the limit operation does not proceed by repeated application of previously given functions: each new limit has to be constructed "on the spot," as it were. This, in the end, is perhaps the most fundamental advantage of the Cauchy-Bolzano-Weierstrass definition of convergence." 

These are historical examples of the Gettier problem of knowledge as justified true belief (JTB), when a person is justified in her belief, and the belief is true, but the justification relies on elements that are false. To put it plainly, a person believes the right stuff for the wrong reasons, but this "wrongness" is external to justification. Officially, Gettier knowledge is not knowledge, but "X knew that p" is colloquially interpreted as "X believed that q, which is translated into modern terms as p, and comes out as true", otherwise if X still believed that q then "X mistakenly believed that p". 

Aquinas rejected this transcendent interpretation altogether, and gave an elaborate theory of agent intellect as human soul's own power. In particular it is responsible for stripping sense perceptions of their "material" contents, turning them into universals and making them accessible to passive intellect. Although he had precursors in Bonaventura and Philip the Chancellor, in contrast their accounts like Aristotle's were quite obscure. Here is Aquinas in his own words:"I say together with Avicenna, that the possible intellect... is different in different individuals... But I add that also the agent intellect is different in different individuals... It is necessary to postulate a power, belonging to the intellect, to create actually thinkable objects by abstracting ideas from their material conditions. That is why we need to postulate an agent intellect". [...] Davidson (just quoted to the effect that Ibn Sinā's proof was definitely cosmological) claims that Ibn Sinā hit on an argument which could entirely dispense with reasoning from the absurdity of an infinite regress. This would mean that, in terms of Craig's typology, the shaykh had produced a cosmological argument directly foreshadowing the Leibnizian (or Spinozist) approach. However, Davidson surprisingly finds that Ibn Sinā 'due to the influence upon him of other proofs of the existence of God illogically forced his own proof into the mould of familiar cosmological proofs that do explicitly reject an infinite regress of causes'".