Until 2002, the Super Bowl was always played in January, and the Winter Olympics almost always begins in February. Now that the Super Bowl is played in February, the events are closer. Since 2002, the Winter Olympic Opening Ceremonies has been scheduled for a Friday, and the Super Bowl is always scheduled for Sunday. In addition, since both the Super Bowl and the Olympic Opening Ceremonies are worldwide television events, it is unlikely that they would ever schedule both events for the same day. 

In 1900, the Hall of Fame for Great Americans was completed. Inspired by the Ruhmeshalle, Dr. Henry MacCracken, chancellor of New York University, conceived the idea for this hall, built in the Bronx. The hall includes Americans in a variety of categories, including authors, businessmen, inventors, clergy, scientists, artists, soldiers, and teachers, but not athletes. The name of this building is the first time that the English phrase "Hall of Fame" was used. 

If we say that a home Super Bowl would be one that takes place in the same metro area as a team, then two teams have had a home Super Bowl. 1934 was the year that the Portsmouth Spartans moved to Detroit and became the Detroit Lions. Since the sweater is blue and silver, which are the Lions' colors, I believe that the sweater commemorates the first year of the Detroit Lions. It depends how closely you want to define "home." 

The picture on the sweater is probably based on a 1934 Detroit Lions team photo (perhaps just part of the photo, since it does not appear to be a complete team), but so far I have been unable to find the photo on the internet. 

This year, with the Super Bowl on February 2, 2014, and the Sochi Opening Ceremonies taking place on February 7, the two events are as close as they have ever been, although they were just as close in 2002, when the two events occurred on February 3 and February 8. Loud crowd noise can disrupt any of these communications. 

Unlike the halls in Germany, where the people enshrined were determined by Ludwig I, MacCracken established a nationwide body of electors made up of prominent Americans. This group held regular elections to vote on new nominees for entry into the hall. 

According to Wikipedia, the Kentucky Derby awards the only solid gold trophy in sports. 

Clara Hughes of Canada is also a cyclist and speed skater. She won two bronze medals for cycling in 1996, and won four medals for skating between 2002-2010. She has the distinction of being the only person to have won multiple medals in both the Summer and Winter Games.