When it comes to privacy protection from the government, the situation is different. For example, even in a criminal case where all of the standards for a search warrant are met, you cannot be legally compelled to supply a password or encryption key in the U.S., while in Europe you can be so compelled. In the U.S., this is considered a violation of the 5th Amendment, which, among other things, says that you can't be forced to be a witness against yourself. (Edit: As Dan pointed out in the comments, apparently a circuit split now exists with regard to this in the U.S., so the issue will likely end up being addressed by the Supreme Court.) 

In general, this bans the government from searching or seizing without your consent any of your property or communications (or yourself) without a warrant showing that you've probably committed or are about to commit a specific crime and specifically describing what can be searched or seized (and this is interpreted by courts to only extend to things which could reasonably by construed to be likely to provide evidence of that specific crime.) 

That means that the whole system is currently completely overloaded, there are no facilities to host these refugees, no places where they can be detained, nobody who could do even a preliminary evaluation of their application. Even basic things like providing shelter and water are difficult (although that's what the HCR is doing along with many NGO and the local government for millions of people in Turkey or Jordan). Because the conditions are so bad, people try to break out of the camps as soon as they can and that's how they end up on the streets. 

Consequently, that means a UK-based employer has a broader pool of potential employees to recruit from and a company can choose any location in the EU and get the same benefit. In theory, it means that the each company can attract the employees it needs at the right price, thus making the whole economy more productive. 

As far as the transition to a post-EU UK is concerned, it's pretty safe to assume that nearly all the workers currently in the country would be “grand-fathered” into whatever system is created at the time. There would also naturally be some visa/residence program for highly skilled workers like there is everywhere else (and in any EU country, including the UK, for non-EU citizens). So your employer's operations would not be immediately threatened. 

That's exactly it, and behind the leaders, member states in general are weary of relinquishing their autonomy in key domains like defense and foreign policy. And it's not a matter of incompetence, EU-enthusiasts are acutely aware of the issue. That's why there have been talks of a common defense or foreign policy for decades now and that's also why the Lisbon treaty (and the failed Treaty establishing a constitution for Europe) created a new “president” function. 

Primary and secondary law In the EU context, the treaties I just described are called "primary law". They define the structure and workings of the core institutions and these institutions are bound by them. The rest of EU law (the actual rules fleshing out the principles laid down in the treaties and regulating many things in the EU) are termed "secondary law" and defined in various instruments called directives, regulations, etc. 

The relevant laws are Spanish Laws, and Human Rights Laws, not European law or the terms of the Schengen treaty. 

Use of a gun is lethal force. If you draw your gun you must be willing to use it. If you fire the gun you do so with the intent to kill. There's no such thing as a warning shot. Lethal force can only be used when it is proportionate. The Spanish border guards can use their guns to protect their own life, or to protect the lives of others. 

It would be unacceptable to many in the EU and USA for weapons to be used for killing protestors in this way, and aware of this the EU and USA continue to prevent arms exports to China. 

The Human Rights record in Saudi Arabia is poor, and many are opposed to arms sales to the Saudi government, however, there has not been a major massacre of protesters in Saudi Arabia that is comparable. 

The scale of this event, occurring outside of war, in a country with a stable government is unprecedented in modern times. There has been a continuity of Government since the killings. The Government of China has not expressed an apology, or regret for the killings. In these circumstances, it is reasonable to suppose that the Chinese government, placed in a similar situation, would act the same way. 

In general, this bans the government from searching or seizing without your consent any of your property or communications (or yourself) without a warrant showing that you've probably committed or are about to commit a specific crime and specifically describing what can be searched or seized (and this is interpreted by courts to only extend to things which could reasonably by construed to be likely to provide evidence of that specific crime.) 

When it comes to privacy protection from the government, the situation is different. For example, even in a criminal case where all of the standards for a search warrant are met, you cannot be legally compelled to supply a password or encryption key in the U.S., while in Europe you can be so compelled. In the U.S., this is considered a violation of the 5th Amendment, which, among other things, says that you can't be forced to be a witness against yourself. (Edit: As Dan pointed out in the comments, apparently a circuit split now exists with regard to this in the U.S., so the issue will likely end up being addressed by the Supreme Court.)