Since we cannot get better information from others by violence, if violence is to solve our information-related problems, it would have to be by preventing there being information we must acquire from others. We can only have privileged access to all information through some form of totalitarian surveillance. 

That entire inclination in Western thought hits me as simply classist/sexist dismissal of the working-class/male role outright. Marcuse aside, we cannot universally adopt the middle-class/female privilege of choosing to put aside aggression and presuming someone else will coordinate protection. Then Christianity is a more sophisticated philosophical revival of that basic proposition that allows for greater freedom and continuing revision on the basis of presumed, and not compelled cooperation with the process. Jesus's words matter because his motives are uniquely in tune with the original enterprise. And stable Christian sub-traditions are compelling to the degree they build interpretations of his words. 

There might still be some other way in which violence might be applied to every problem. To really undermine the idea that violence solves every problem, you need an important example where violence never really helps. (If it helped at all, it might still be the lynchpin of the application, the thing that tips the balance, breaks the final impasse, and therefore really solves the problem.) This is one of the aspects of Nietzsche that is easily overlooked by people who want to see him as simply nihilistic and destructive. 

Nietzsche thought we had already far surpassed that point in his day, and that no real improvement could be made to the quality of life, only to its ease. He predicted that unless a succession of great ideas arose to reverse this tide, mankind would get more and more equal, less and less willing to change, and overall invest all their energy in making one another comfortable, until the efficiency of society was entirely gone, and our overall standard of living would descend until life was very easy for everyone, but simply not worth living. We would converge to being 'The Last Man' who kills himself over the 'Bad Conscience' of his 'Wretched Contentment'. Essentially, though, it all boils down to how one feels that equality should be measured. There are two primary camps here. The first argues that equality should be assessed in terms of one's opportunities; this is commonly referred to as the equality of opportunity. The argument here is that everyone should be equally capable of achieving the same ends, that there should be no systemic barriers (social, legal, cultural, economic, or otherwise) that stand in the way of the success of any individual or group. The other primary theory of equality is commonly referred to as the equality of outcomes (or results), in which the argument is made that true equality is only achieved when everyone in the society ends up in truly equal positions after all the decisions have been made and everything has shaken out. This gives prejudices and discrimination a chance to rear their ugly head, intervening in what appeared on the surface to be a completely fair and equitable system. Which type of equality that you consider most important to maximize generally determines which types of social programs you favor. Hobbes Thomas Hobbes was a political philosopher who is often seen as the successor to Machiavelli; he focused on a practical and effective state as opposed to the ideal utopias of the past. In De Cive, Hobbes set the foundation for his theory of state, from which he determined what would be morally correct: 

Now then, suppose we're fashioning the happy city—a whole city, not setting apart a happy few and putting them in it. We'll consider its opposite presently. Just as if we were painting statues and someone came up and began to blame us, saying that we weren't putting the fairest colors on the fairest parts of the animal—for the eyes, which are fairest, had not been painted purple but black—we would seem to make a sensible apology to him by saying: "You surprising man, don't suppose we ought to paint eyes so fair that they don't even look like eyes, and the same for the other parts; but observe whether, assigning what's suitable to each of them, we make the whole fair. So now too, don't compel to us to attach to the guardians a happiness that will turn them into everything except guardians."(420c-d)