This is what it means to be born again. If you believe this, then you can: Conclusion: An essentially literal* interpreation of the fall of man (as seen in Genesis 1-3) is critically important to our understanding of the Gospel. From the statement of Faith on her website, regarding salvation: • Jesus is the Son of God, born of a virgin, born of flesh and blood. (Matt. 1:18; Matt. 1:23.) I agree that the sign gifts have ceased. But how should I deal with charismatics when I encounter them? Do I treat their error as no big deal and ignore it or as a significant issues and address it with them as brothers in Christ? Should I see their supposed gifts as coming from another god and treat them as unbelievers in need of the gospel? As an Evangelical (with Wesleyan soteriology - a particular form of Arminianism), my perspective is that we actually 'become' sheep at the point of Regeneration. Though our election to 'sheephood' was done in God's foreknowledge before the foundation of the world and the basis for our entrance to that state was purchased by Christ Jesus at the cross, the scriptures teach us that before we are born again, our nature is no different to that of 'the goats': What if you just can't? If someone just can't believe it, or just won't, they face a number of possible choices: Short answer: they welched on the deal. As @Nathaniel pointed out in his comment: Demanding that one receive a special message identical to Paul's from God is to deeply misunderstand the relationship between man and God, and in so doing step smartly into the deadly sin of pride. What do you willingly accept/embrace? Mortal sin is a grave transgression directly related to the Ten Commandments. From elsewhere in the Catechism ... a person receives the state of grace upon Baptism, wherein all sins are washed away. Losing that state of grace is possible, and happens when mortal sin is committed. Restoration of the state of baptismal grace requires the sacrament of penance and reconciliation (confession and penance). (There are books written on this subject; this is the short version). Issuing Ultimatums to God The question as asked infers a particular attitude vis a vis the relationship between man and God. Using the source that @Birdie provided, I offer a similar but differently organized answer, and also challenge the frame of Adam and Eve's initial condition being as stated -- a state of justification or a state of grace -- on the basis of a Covenant theological approach. That approach is explained in Systematic Theology by Louis Berkhof. Just because Grace is a gift from God does not mean that receiving a gift establishes you in a state of Grace. Aside: the question is lacking in form The "why didn't someone do something" question form is difficult enough when we are dealing with humans. It typically requires making a guess or an inference, and is often unknowable. (Personal experience from fatal aircraft accident investigations: why didn't (the pilot) do X?). 1 If we review the "the greatest commandment" scene between Jesus and the Parisees (book of Matthew) the church's teachings fits cleanly with both general and more specific commandments. I'm going to have to limit my quotes from Scripture and leave some compelling verses out, because there are simply so many. This answer would be even longer than my normal long-winded answers if I included all supporting Scripture references. Please forgive me if I miss something you consider relevant. Another view from Gill's Exposition of the Entire Bible hints that the prize is simply faithfulness and remaining a faithful servant so that he can achieve the ultimate prize of expanding Christ's kingdom - avoiding becoming a "useless preacher". More on this at Apologetics Press, on the question of "Does God repent?" 12 Therefore prophesy and say to them: ‘This is what the Sovereign Lord says: My people, I am going to open your graves and bring you up from them; I will bring you back to the land of Israel. 13 Then you, my people, will know that I am the Lord, when I open your graves and bring you up from them. 14 I will put my Spirit in you and you will live, and I will settle you in your own land. Then you will know that I the Lord have spoken, and I have done it, declares the Lord.’” No. Eternal life is foretold in the Old Testament, but never as a promise associated to obedience to Mosaic Law. First, everyone on earth has sinned, save Jesus. We do not believe that Christians from other denominations are going to Hell because of their denominational affiliation. We do not believe that all Baptists will go to heaven, either. 26 I will give you a new heart and put a new spirit within you; I will take the heart of stone out of your flesh and give you a heart of flesh. 27 I will put My Spirit within you and cause you to walk in My statutes, and you will keep My judgments and do them. Multitudes who sleep in the dust of the earth will awake: some to everlasting life, others to shame and everlasting contempt.