There are a number of mods that claim to improve FPS in Minecraft. My experience is limited to OptiFine (an updated version of Optimine from around version 1.2) on 1.8.1, but I do see a very significant improvement in my FPS. Although it's a bit non-specific, I have seen my FPS on a Mac go from completely unplayable to very smooth. Keep in mind that any Minecraft mod that's not a skin requires you to patch the Minecraft code itself and thusly may not be compatible with other mods or your Minecraft version. After you finish a section and place your new doors, removing the water blocks from this section with sand is easy as it's only 4x3x2 and you only have to place two sand blocks per column (n-1 of the walkway height) to clear out all the water. At this point, you can remove the old double doors (and glass padding on top) behind you and repeat from the set in front of you. Last I heard, Notch was actually including some of these optimizations into Minecraft proper. So, find a way down to the level you want to work at and make one tiny section of your walkway. You can use sand or dig some nice stairs since you'll probably want to start above the water level. When you have your first section, place two doors and then block off the top two blocks: OptiFine (Minecraft Forum Link) reworks a number of rendering details to improve Minecraft performance (+20fps). Many people go crazy about it on the forum, others say that it just doesn't work so YMMV. To conclude; build using this method for the following benefits: The water won't flow through the doors, so you can peek out to the other side and place two ground blocks, then build around with glass and duck back into the doors for a breath. I generally do this for four blocks at a time before placing another set of doors. Here's an artificially brightened shot of a half-built section of tunnel. You can see the doors and the air behind them, and two slices of tunnel with floor and glass placed already. I think the underwater tunnel concept is pretty cool but I never gave it a try until this post reminded me about it. After spending too much time dropping sand and picking it up again, I think I came up with a decent method to make underwater walkways in the least amount of time. During generation, a structure has the option to run the following function: If its growth stage (metadata value) is 6 or lower, it will increase by 1, visually increasing the height of the stem. Nothing else will happen and no other checks are made. This value increments by random chance via random ticks rather than an internal timer. The following is the random chance condition, provided the light level above the stem is 9 or higher: The error message might not be too useful since, when receiving it via a command block, it only concerns the last iteration of the command. In this case, the last item entity that had its NBT data checked. If the item you want found is indeed found, but there's another item lying around somewhere that's next in line to check, the error is going to be about that incorrect item even though the command was actually successful. If the growth stage is 7, then one random location surrounding the stem will be chosen. If that location is air and the block below that is grass, farmland, or dirt, then a new melon/pumkin block will be placed. If those conditions fail, then nothing happens and it must receive another random tick to attempt placing another block. There are a number of mods that claim to improve FPS in Minecraft. My experience is limited to OptiFine (an updated version of Optimine from around version 1.2) on 1.8.1, but I do see a very significant improvement in my FPS. Although it's a bit non-specific, I have seen my FPS on a Mac go from completely unplayable to very smooth. The water won't flow through the doors, so you can peek out to the other side and place two ground blocks, then build around with glass and duck back into the doors for a breath. I generally do this for four blocks at a time before placing another set of doors. Here's an artificially brightened shot of a half-built section of tunnel. You can see the doors and the air behind them, and two slices of tunnel with floor and glass placed already. I think the underwater tunnel concept is pretty cool but I never gave it a try until this post reminded me about it. After spending too much time dropping sand and picking it up again, I think I came up with a decent method to make underwater walkways in the least amount of time. Last I heard, Notch was actually including some of these optimizations into Minecraft proper. After you finish a section and place your new doors, removing the water blocks from this section with sand is easy as it's only 4x3x2 and you only have to place two sand blocks per column (n-1 of the walkway height) to clear out all the water. At this point, you can remove the old double doors (and glass padding on top) behind you and repeat from the set in front of you. So, find a way down to the level you want to work at and make one tiny section of your walkway. You can use sand or dig some nice stairs since you'll probably want to start above the water level. When you have your first section, place two doors and then block off the top two blocks: OptiFine (Minecraft Forum Link) reworks a number of rendering details to improve Minecraft performance (+20fps). Many people go crazy about it on the forum, others say that it just doesn't work so YMMV. Keep in mind that any Minecraft mod that's not a skin requires you to patch the Minecraft code itself and thusly may not be compatible with other mods or your Minecraft version.