If you want children to behave, teaching principles and self-control is better than punishment (an ounce of prevention and all that.) Taking money consistently will not teach them why something is wrong; it will teach them that someone with power can take their money away for behaviors they disapprove of. Remember that kids learn from watching the behaviors of their parents. (A recent question dealt with unlearning bad parenting behaviors.) This is an attempt to control a person. You can't control other people. That's an illusion. I think that depends on the type of noise the child is making; is it really outside of socially acceptable norms? If it truly is, then it's acceptable. If it's not, then it's not. Hypocrisy is something that kids pick up on very quickly. So yes, when witnessed, act how you want your kids to act. You asked for advice on what to do assuming he cheated. If you suspect he did, then please have a long talk with him. Tell him character is more important than grades, and that you love him for his character - who he is - and not for how he does in school. Tell him effort, even if it doesn't meet with success, is more important in the long run than good grades. Make sure you praise effort, honesty and character, not outcome. Let him feel safe in telling you why he cheated. 

When my boys are in a rough phase, we like to watch "Where the Wild Things Are" together. If you haven't seen it, there is an opening scene that shows a boy get his feelings hurt, embarrassed, feeling rejected by his sister, etc and then he freaks out and does some pretty destructive stuff, then later he feels ignored & pushed off by his mom, etc. But the point is, he goes wild. He screams & yells & breaks things & has a mother loving breakdown. And in the end, he is sad, missing home, tired & comes back, and he is sorry. So I tell you all that in case this might work. It would allow your son a space to say "ENOUGH", but since she would also get one, that she too would want respected, she may see the barrier clearly enough to back off when he tries to walk away from her. Items I bought that I recommend for the kids to stock in their tent are fidget toys (not spinners, there is a while range out there), chew toys (dishwasher safe, so doesn't matter who used it last and yes, frustrated 6 year olds love to chew, remember chewing your pens/pencils or kids who did? Same idea, only safer since it's silicone, better for teeth & health), squeeze toys (the type for frustration) and other similar items. I have items in a big bin, many identical items so every kid can pick something to chew, squeeze and so on. They can choose items from that for their tents to help them calm themselves, including simple things, like we made water bottles together with oil, water & food color, we also made some with glitter or other things. Those calm down bottles have all kinds of tutorials online. I would recommend gluing the caps in place. Believe me, if you do those, just glue it. You would thank me for that tip if you knew the misfortune I had with a toddler and one of those. ;) 

Goes to washroom herself, never has had accidents. We use diapers on her at night only because we don't want to bother ourselves. 

Problem is that she mostly always behaves properly. Punishing her is rarely required. No bribes have been given till date. I am feeling that I am praising her too much because of the great amount of proper behavior from her side. Since I have been on this site before she was born, I applied all the proper ways of talking and behaving with the child which are often advised here. 

What is the proper way to praise the hard work and patience of a child such that she doesn't start depending on my praises? Being a working person I may not be always near my kid. Also, it is a possibility that he may not tell me that he has been undergoing bullying somewhere because of fear or some other reasons. I would like to know what makes a kid bully, and how to prevent him from becoming a bully?