You're actually not the first one to ask this question. More Online Sources [[1]] Charlton T. Lewis, Charles Short, A Latin Dictionary "puto" on Perseus. Step 2. from trimming to simplifying By doing so you also simplify the structure of the plant which becomes less convoluted (a characteristic of vines in particular and vegetation in general) and easier to... grasp. Trivia. There was even a dedicated Goddess for these pruning tasks, whose name was Puta. See this wikipedia article for the name and the hmm... putative etymology of hmm... prostitute in various Romance languages (since you heed Etymological Fallacy that's another question albeit potentially a tad controversial :-). Step 0 . Putare as "to purify". The root can be traced to PIE. N.B. putare is an ancient form; later Latin uses purifico (purus-facio) and purgo. But for now we need to work on puto. On this particular subject you can refer to Columella - Res Rustica Book IV - passim. Plenty of advice for wine growers and usages of putare for lexicographers). In OE, you have both utan ("outside") and innan ("inside"). Often found side by side (just as we do today): "inside and outside" => innan and utan (e.g. Genesis 1320).1 Not only do you have butan as "outside => except/unless" but also binnan "within", formed on the same model (be+innan). So yes, the adjunction of be ("by", PDG bei) to indicate a positioning relative to self is confirmed. PDG still has innen and binnen. Dutch as well retains binnen and buiten.2 If you think of it, it is also present in Present Day English: that's the with- in within and without. So far so good. Now about the semantic shift from "outside" to "unless" which ultimately led to the displacement of ac/ak (the "but" as a conjunction in Old English). Here are a few examples I picked from the corpus of Old English Poetry gradually evolving from from "outside" to "unless". All 'translations' are mine and are deliberately literal in order to facilitate the word to word correspondence. Let's start with a real meaning of "outside". This is from the Genesis (as you can recognise). v 1355. In this excerpt, we even have a more archaic form beutan. Clearly, the intended meaning here is "outside". Here is an example taken from The Meters of Boethius: (20). Here we don't have "outside" but more like "immune to" => "except" (fatigue). Finally, here is a sample meaning of "except/unless". Pater Noster (ii) As a bonus, we can see here in the same sentence, that "but" is 'ac'/'ak'. As well as ufan and utan "above and outside" for the rhyme. I know the coincidence rate is likely to be high in single syllable words but the fact the languages are so close in proximity and the large Chinese influence throughout the region still makes me wonder if it could be an old borrowing. Now this could just be sloppy editing of Wiktionary but either way it got me thinking about whether this is a valid word-formation strategy used by any languages. In fact many of the IPA symbols evolved from symbols aleady being used before IPA, some of which in turn evolved from symbols in various languages. Others were modified Latin letters by reflection, rotation, small capitals, or added diacritical marks. Some of these diacritics became merged with the letters. Some of the diacritics became abstracted and standardized for use with many letters. Some may be whimsical inventions. In Tbilisi there is ნარიყალა Nariqala and in Derbent there is Нарын-Кала Naryn-Kala. During my time in Georgia one word came to puzzle me and I'm still thinking about it: N.B. Louis Rhys has pointed out that some languages have various kinds of indefinite articles but this question is only concerned with the "main" indefinite article despite my inability to express that succinctly is a single sentence. For instance if French or one of its dialects or creoles were to lose the words "un" and "une", and "des" assumed their role it would be an example of the affirmative. On this particular subject you can refer to Columella - Res Rustica Book IV - passim. Plenty of advice for wine growers and usages of putare for lexicographers). In OE, you have both utan ("outside") and innan ("inside"). Often found side by side (just as we do today): "inside and outside" => innan and utan (e.g. Genesis 1320).1 Not only do you have butan as "outside => except/unless" but also binnan "within", formed on the same model (be+innan). So yes, the adjunction of be ("by", PDG bei) to indicate a positioning relative to self is confirmed. PDG still has innen and binnen. Dutch as well retains binnen and buiten.2 If you think of it, it is also present in Present Day English: that's the with- in within and without. So far so good. Now about the semantic shift from "outside" to "unless" which ultimately led to the displacement of ac/ak (the "but" as a conjunction in Old English). Here are a few examples I picked from the corpus of Old English Poetry gradually evolving from from "outside" to "unless". All 'translations' are mine and are deliberately literal in order to facilitate the word to word correspondence. Let's start with a real meaning of "outside". This is from the Genesis (as you can recognise). v 1355. In this excerpt, we even have a more archaic form beutan. Clearly, the intended meaning here is "outside". Here is an example taken from The Meters of Boethius: (20). Here we don't have "outside" but more like "immune to" => "except" (fatigue). Finally, here is a sample meaning of "except/unless". Pater Noster (ii) As a bonus, we can see here in the same sentence, that "but" is 'ac'/'ak'. As well as ufan and utan "above and outside" for the rhyme. In all the languages I'm familiar with that have an indefinite article, the word is related to the word for "one". In fact in English it's more opaque than for most languages I know: "a" / "an" vs "one". At least going by dictionaries without much language knowledge or context there are a bunch of other words for "want" in both languages, but these are the simple ones I've been taught in each. I've looked for the Zhuang equivalent but no luck so far. I have found a Lao cognate though: I think I've found half of the answer. Now this could just be sloppy editing of Wiktionary but either way it got me thinking about whether this is a valid word-formation strategy used by any languages. As for "nar" / "narin", that could come from a King of Georgia, დავით VI ნარინი Davit VI Narini. The story is that there were two King Davids at that time, the other being დავით VII ულუ Davit VII Ulu, with these names meaning "junior" and "senior". When I first asked this question I didn't word it in a way that clarified I was asking about word formation. It turns out there are words in several languages which can be analysed on the furface into only affixes, but the examples so far were not originally formed that way, but my more complex processes of adding and dropping morphemes at various stages. In fact many of the IPA symbols evolved from symbols aleady being used before IPA, some of which in turn evolved from symbols in various languages. Others were modified Latin letters by reflection, rotation, small capitals, or added diacritical marks. Some of these diacritics became merged with the letters. Some of the diacritics became abstracted and standardized for use with many letters. Some may be whimsical inventions.