Firstly you can't eat a patent. You can't go to work in a patent. Nor will a patent keep the lights on or the communists from radicalizing all your people who have no jobs, and no food. Nor will a patent protect your boarders for 50 years and provide unquestioned security. These are all things grants, loans, material donations, and soldiers the United States provided assisted post war Germany with. 

Adding Kentucky to the union without a free state such as Vermont ready to join, or visa versa would have upset the delicate balance which defined the United States government until the Kansas Nebraska act May 30, 1854. Kansas Nebraska act irrevocable blew apart this equilibrium, condemning the country to the civil war, and one side of the slavery issue would be destined to be victorious. 

Resettlement Movement There had been some small scale operations by Quakers and Private citizens to resettle freed blacks overseas (1810's), but the most famous organization was the "American Colonization Society" in operation from the 1820's and formally dissolved in 1964. This group voluntarily resettled freed slaves back to Africa, primarily West Africa territory of Liberia. It was largely led by southerners although Abraham Lincoln supported resettlement programs which mirrored the ACS's efforts. 

In December of 1832.. Jackson would issue the following proclamation to South Carolina, raising the spectra of a military confrontation. 

It is true that some US states have a history of for profit prisons. But the prisoner's offenses, death rates, economic benefits of confinement, and overall national reliance on those piece meal institutions can't be compared with the discredited Soviet era death camps for mostly political prisoners. The Russian historian Golfo Alexopoulos said in 2017 that at least 6 million people died in the Soviet gulags which put's just Stalin's gulags on pare with Hitler's final solution. 

Answer to question which came up in comments... organized labors influence diminished as steel replaced iron as the product of choice in the early 1890s. 

Aid numbers used - U.S. Foreign Aid to Israel: Total Aid(1949-Present) 

"That's right," said the man at the furnace door, as he seized his shovel to " line" the furnace. 

(2) As for the motivation, it cannot be emphasized too heavily how angry both the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor made the United States, and the subsequent poor treatment prisoners of war endured at the hands of the Japanese. After Pearl Harbor the recruits who went to the Pacific believed they were in a fight with godless pitiless barbarians, and they were there to match that pitiless behavior. The Marines at Guadalcanal fought so fiercely that the Japanese believed the United States had paroled murderers and criminals to fight against them. The Marines loved that description so much it became part of the Corps Lore. 

The truth is that the last time a British monarch withheld Royal Assent from a Parliamentary Bill was Queen Anne and the Scotch Militia Bill [sic]. She withheld Royal Assent on 11 March 1708, more than half a century before George III came to the throne. 

His experiences with the Commissionership, and with other matters of patronage at that time, do seem to have given Lincoln a jaundiced view of government. This may also have been a factor in his decision to decline the offer of the governorship. In a letter to John Addison the following year (9 August 1850), Lincoln wrote: 

Thus, we can say that for workers involved in the production of steel ingots, the normal working week was seven twelve-hour shifts. i.e. 84 hours, over the period in question. 

Please support your answers and take into account the following US and Israeli government statements on the attacks. http://www.gtr5.com/quotes.htm 

Interestingly, Nowicki's letter sparked an investigation by the NSA who were concerned that the letter revealed classified details relating to US intelligence gathering capabilities. The existence of the NSA investigation was one of the details revealed among the classified documents leaked by Edward Snowden. 

Pipe Workers The wider upheavals described above seem to have had much less impact on pipe-workers. Even as late as 1910, Fitch would observe that: 

The failures seem to have been at all levels, but ultimately stemmed from the distribution of responsibility for planning and implementing an effective network. 

So, they could not have lived at the White House for more than 2 months (late August to late October). It was probably rather less. 

The more interesting question comes when you count the 3/4 of the states that need to ratify it. Two amendments in particular have raised questions. 

It's haggling, pure and simple. I doubt there was any analysis done at all, except "Can we afford this?" and "Does this seem like a good deal?" 

First, the 27th Amendment initially only needed 10 states to ratify it- but it languished so long that for years it just sat. Over the years many states ratified the "no congressional pay raise without an election amendment" as a protest, but when Michigan passed it in 1992, it became the 38th state to do so. 

On the flip side, there is a common misconception about the Titles Of Nobility amendment that has many people thinking that it should have been the 13th amendment to the Constitution. There are stories that Virginia passed it in 1816, but the fact was not communicated before additional states were added to the Union, unfairly leaving it out. In fact, the amendment was never that close to being ratified, but it proves the point that the amendment must pass 2/3 of the Congress and 3/4 of the states at the time of ratification.