The insincerity objection is often raised against skeptical positions (nominalism, anti-realism, anti-intellectualism, solipsism, etc.). An ancient anecdote tells of a skeptic, who taught that actions make no difference, jumping away from a cart that was about to run him over. When asked why he jumped if it makes no difference he responded "Ah, it is because it makes no difference that I jumped". The objection is that where the mouth is the money is not, professed dibelief in universals, reality, meaning, other minds, etc., is accompanied by behavior that indicates otherwise. 

The more concrete a statement, the less it is removed from the present, the stronger the "feeling" that we "really" do understand it regardless of access. But as statements get more general and further removed their meaning reduces to little more than this is a useful way to organize available trace record. And on the available record there is little distance between realists and anti-realists, but anti-realists do not attach any metaphysical add-ons to it, and reserve judgement on the unknowable. So "the very first mammal appeared in Africa" has no logical value, true or false. In practice, back projection of trace statements is a handy mental shortcut, the same one we routinely take with everyday objects or even with theoretical entities like atoms, the same one our visual cortex takes to fill in patterns. But a shortcut is all it is, and it produces illusions just as well as it detects patterns. 

Categorical intuition releases Husserl from the need to keep perhaps the most implausible part of Kantian picture, the forever immutable a priori categories and forms of intuition. But it is not the intellectual intuition of Spinoza and Fichte, it captures invariances of sensuous experience, not "glimpses" of things in themselves. But with it Husserl can be more generous on what is almost a vanishing point in Kant, the unknowable X. The transcendence, as Husserl calls it, is that content of consciousness that "points beyond" consciousness itself, given to it as not its own but foreign, subject to pre-cognitive awareness as the "raw matter" of sensuous experience. The limited creative ability to perceive wholes, however weak and partial, ability that Kant denied us completely as "intellectus archetypus", allowed Husserl to remove some of the other-worldliness surrounding Kantian "supersensible substrate of experience", although as for Kant it remains beyond the reach of knowledge. 

This is Tegmark's short formulation of the "mathematical universe" (paraphrased by detractors as "reality made of math"), and he goes out of his way to stress that he means the "is" literally:"Whereas the customary terminology in physics textbooks is that the external reality is described by mathematics, the MUH [mathematical universe hypothesis] states that it is mathematics (more specifically, a mathematical structure)". Deutsche gives a related physical Church-Turing thesis, roughly "every physical process is realizable on a Turing machine", although he is a bit more cautious. 

Freudian psychoanalysis and Husserlian phenomenology are attempts to deal with some of them systematically, but they are traditionally confined to the fringe of science at best. The mainstream approach is empirical second hand, but behaviorism in psychology and linguistics, and nominalism in mathematics were not very productive. 

As for the title question, the answer is that we can not. Husserl's "things themselves" are nothing like Kant's "things in themselves". Although the two philosophies are incommensurable, to the extent that we can compare them the "things themselves" are Kant's appearances in their least contaminated form, phenomena as they come. This is why Husserl calls his philosophy transcendental phenomenology. Husserl's motto "back to things themselves" was a play on Helmholtz's earlier motto "back to Kant", which in turn was a reaction against the dominance of Hegel-styled speculations about rarefied abstractions in the German philosophical scene of the first half of 19-th century. Back to things themselves meant back to phenomena, and away from the German idealism. 

This being said, there is a line beyond which philosophical frivolity collapses into junk science. Actually, let me correct that, there is no such line, there is only a wide blurry strip separating one from the other. Without trying to defend Foucault's "historical psychiatry" I'll point out that modern cognitive science is far from a firm consensus on mental disorders, especially in historical perspective, and was further from it at the time of History of Madness (1961) renamed into Madness and Civilization in 1964. Even Merquior, whose factual criticisms you are alluding to, admits that the point of the book is not historical accuracy but understanding modernity through its history, and "a call for the liberation of the Dionysian id", i.e. a form of cultural/spiritual expression.