Since that time, established practice and doctrine has it that the President of the Church is the supreme authority in the Church, below Christ himself. He is assisted by two (or occasionally more) counselors whom he selects. These form a First Presidency and are the highest governing body. 

It appears that Alma is using "repentance" as shorthand for the plan of redemption including repentance, as summarized in Alma 42:13. Otherwise, this particular verse is difficult to interpret. 

2) This would be still be a form of sexual intercourse, and as such would be prohibited for unmarried couples as are other forms of non-marital sexual intercourse and activity. (For the Strength of Youth, p. 36) 

8 O the wisdom of God, his mercy and grace! For behold, if the flesh should rise no more our spirits must become subject to that angel who fell from before the presence of the Eternal God, and became the devil, to rise no more. 

The divinely inspired feeling which is described in these and related scriptures is not quite the same as any ordinary, common, human feeling, although it does resemble and may prompt many of the better kind. 

The Father and the Son, a Doctrinal Exposition by the First Presidency and the Twelve Apostles, can be considered both authoritative and current teaching. 

The next highest body is the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles. When a President of the church dies, the First Presidency is dissolved and the counselors resume whatever position they had prior to their call to the First Presidency. They have almost always been apostles and members of the Quorum of the twelve Apostles, but there have been a few exceptions. The twelve apostles are then the interim highest governing body, until such time as they, after prayer and by revelation, decide to reorganize the First Presidency. The man chosen as President of the Church has always been the senior living apostle (as determined by continuous length of service). It would be a major departure from the established order for anyone else to be named. 

6 For as death hath passed upon all men, to fulfil the merciful plan of the great Creator, there must needs be a power of resurrection, and the resurrection must needs come unto man by reason of the fall; and the fall came by reason of transgression; and because man became fallen they were cut off from the presence of the Lord. 

He expounds the process in more detail. LDS understand this discourse to explain the parable of the mustard seed in Matt. 13:31-32. 

There are similar discourses elsewhere in the Book of Mormon, notably in 2 Nephi 2 and 2 Nephi 9. Especially in 2 Nephi 9:6-8 it is explained that without the atonement of Christ, the judgement that came on Adam would have been eternal and unending, but not why that is a precondition for repentance. 

Also, when Oliver Cowdery attempted to take a turn translating the Book of Mormon and failed, the Lord explained: 

Following the death of Joseph Smith, it was not entirely clear who should lead the church. One of the two principal claimants at a Church conference called within a few months was Sidney Rigdon, who made a claim based on his long service as counselor to and spokesman for Joseph Smith, although he had become somewhat disassociated from the main body of the Church. The other was Brigham Young, who claimed that the office of leadership should have gone to Hyrum Smith who had been killed along with Joseph, but that the next highest authority was the Twelve apostles, of which he was the senior and president. The conference accepted the leadership of the apostles, and rejected that of Sidney Rigdon. Three years later, in 1847 after returning from the pioneering expedition to the Salt Lake Valley to Iowa where most of the members of the Church were in temporary quarters, Brigham Young proposed reorganization of the First Presidency, with himself as the President of the Church. 

My experience was that those missionaries who are required to learn a foreign language usually spend 8-10 weeks in language training. Some missionaries have previous exposure to the language of their mission. The instruction they receive emphasizes religious vocabulary they will use in teaching and is a limited subset of the full language. It is a full-immersion program: after the first two weeks, they are expected to communicate in their mission language only, which provides a motivation for intensive self-study. When they arrive in the field, they are assigned an experienced companion who is already reasonably fluent in the language, or may not even speak English at all. In some missions, they may be asked to spend a half hour or more daily in language study. In the process of teaching, they are engaged nearly full-time in conversation and attempts to converse with native speakers. These factors combine to make the whole process faster and more thorough than the typical college or commercial program. This basic program has been in place for approximately the past 50 years, as outlined in the Missionary Training Center Wikipedia article.