Only the President of the European Commission is appointed by the European Council (the council of heads of state). Note that this only applies to public authorities and judicial decision, not to the private media. Press codices usually say that media should not refer to people as guilty until convicted. But press codices are usually voluntary guidelines, not strict laws. It also doesn't mean that media can not publish comments like "[Minister] must step down until the allegations of corruption against him were proven wrong". That's within their freedom of speech rights. In fact section 19 of the directive makes clear that the freedom of media should not be restricted in order to implement this directive: When a company in country A buys goods or services from a company in country B, they need to obtain some currency B to pay the bill. But what happens when the exchange rate between currency A and currency B suddenly changes and currency B is a lot more expensive? Company B can't reduce the previously agreed upon price, because they have contracts with inland suppliers and their employees denoted in currency B. This can make previously cheap imports suddenly prohibitively expensive and can destroy a whole business model. A non-government organization which is lobbying for federal level referendums for quite a while now is Mehr Demokratie e.V.. Declaring a diplomat a Persona non Grata is a standard act in international diplomacy. And it is not uncommon. Article 9 of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations, the "rulebook" of international diplomacy, explains what this means: However, there is little motivation for the EU commission to do that. With a common currency, this risk was removed and business relations across European borders became a lot easier which benefits the economies of all participating countries. A qualified majority shall be defined in accordance with Article 238(3)(b) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. So yes, the EU can generally do that. But who in the EU can do it? A reference to Nazi Germany, a historical period modern-day Germany wants to distance itself from as far as possible. But as you can read here, this directive does explicitly apply to official press releases by the government. So now if a head of government wants a minister to resign, they may no longer say "I asked [Minister] to resign because we believe he is guilty of corruption", they would have to say "I asked [Minister] to resign because the recent allegations of corruption have destroyed the public trust". The phrasing is different, but the effect is the same.