The SPE feature system is actually the "universal methodology" that you seek. This is because the features represent independently controllable aspects of articulation. In his book Speech Sounds and Features, Gunnar Fant called this property of the feature system "orthogonality". It means that for the binary features, all combinations of + - are possible, so that 2^(number of features) different sound segments can be distinguished. I think it could be either one, depending on the language. I have my own peculiar theory of syllables, which is a variant of Saussure's idea that syllable structure is a paradigmatic perspective which is reflected syntagmatically, i.e. in the stream of speech, by a phonetic segmental difference between explosive consonants (whose aperture increases) and implosive consonants (whose aperture decreases). The division of opinion in linguistics is reminiscent of the controversy in mathematics on whether mathematical objects are created by mathematicians or discovered by them. The latter position is called Platonism. 

In Stampe's theory of Natural Phonology, human languages differ phonologically because they have in their histories made different choices about how the brain (and the rest of physiology) must be prohibited from taking advantage of such shortcuts. If a language has schwa among its sounds, speakers of that language must not have learned not to apply any of the "shortcuts" that would remove schwa, and the same goes for any other specific sound. 

So then we can identify as a syllable a syllabic segment together with any preceding stressed non-syllabic segments and any following unstressed non-syllabic segments. Unfortunately for this particular example, another plausible account is available. May.a might have the diphthong /ai/. 

Chomsky and Halle do depart from the orthogonality assumption when they declare the combination [+high,+low] to be impossible. The first person to make theoretical use of feature orthogonality, so far as I know, was William Holder in Elements of Speech. Holder argued that there must be a velar nasal consonant in the series [m, n, ...] to match the places of articulation of [p, t, k]. There has been a conflict among linguists since, well, forever, about whether phonemes are analytic devices created by linguists, or whether phonemes actually exist, in some sense, and are discovered by linguists. Whichever side you choose, you'll be in good company. 

Sometimes glottalized p', t', k' are referred to as unreleased, meaning there is no audible puff of air at the end of the stop closure. The lack of a release is a consequence of the glottis being closed. C.-J Bailey once gave an interesting argument for syllables being phonemic. He observed that in some southern dialects there is a distinction between May.a, the first name of the poet Maya Angelou, and Ma.ya, the Central American Indians. I could describe this as a difference in the stress of the y: the former y is unstressed and the latter one is stressed.