202 of these plays have been run in 2015 with 2:00 in the 4th or less remaining, down by a TD or less (but down), and 10 of them resulted in picks. 5% of plays like this result in picks. While most of those aren't pick sixes, that's often because a game-ending pick is brought out of bounds or just downed to avoid the risk of a fumble by the DB who picked it off. 

As to why QB correlates better, it is a combination of things. This is only true of 'NFL style' offenses, though that may be in the process of changing some with the NFL read option (if that sticks); ie, colleges who use a pocket passer and run neither an option nor a spread offense. 

Either way, I would caution against using only recent data if you're trying to evaluate the Super Bowl history of kick returns; since post-2010 the number of touchbacks rose so dramatically, the return numbers dropped in concert for kickoffs, while punts have had no significant rule changes in recent years. 

On the other hand, only one was successful - Jameis Winston vs. the Giants - at scoring a TD, and ... oh, wait, no, that one wasn't successful either - the other team scored on a fumbled lateral. 

A lineman moving his foot, shoulder, arm, body or head in a quick, jerky motion in any direction [S19]. So, it appears that the spirit of the rule is not to prevent movement before the snap of the ball, but to prevent the offensive players from simulating the snap. This, to me, largely seems like a judgement call on behalf of the officials but it is pretty obvious that when the whole offensive line turns around to look at the sideline that they are not attempting to simulate a snap. I'm assuming that the spirit of the rule is the same in the NFL as referenced by corsiKa's answer. 

The BCS rankings are determined by averaging together two human polls and six computer rankings starting in the 8th week of the regular season. A team's ranking is determined by the following: 

In running plays, the offensive tackles and guards are typically responsible for blocking the defensive linemen, which leaves the center and fullback left looking for someone leftover to block. When the quarterback calls out the "Mike", it is typical that the guy who is being singled out will get a lot of attention on that play (maybe they will run right at him, or right away from him). If a fullback's defensive assignment is to "block the Mike" but not necessarily a particular player, the quarterback is basically saying "[for this particular play, and for your blocking assignment purposes] 53 is the Mike [so block him!]" 

This detail isn't clarified in the rulebook, but it seems a reasonable interpretation that waving other players off is a "waving signal", and in fact may well have been specifically considered by the rules committee given that terminology. As such, it is a reasonable interpretation that this would be considered an "invalid fair catch signal", which means the ball cannot be returned. 

Punts are also very vulnerable to individuals bumping the numbers significantly with 2+ returns in a season: note the spike in 2002-03, the longer crest in 2006-2008 and return in 2011, for example. This may have some impact on the Super Bowl, as punt returners can be kicked away from, but kick returners cannot. 

The more interesting question is, whether a team who knows they intend to fake can request a non-K ball (and can do so without being obvious to the defense). That isn't clear in the rulebook, though I wouldn't be surprised if it were covered in the official's supplements (which aren't available online, I don't think). 

This is important, because if the kicking team just touches the ball - for example, if they jump into the end zone to try and keep the ball out of the endzone - the receiving team is free to pick the ball up and run with it, knowing that nothing worse can happen than the result of the illegal touching.