You then engage straight up and try to fungal everything that might shoot your broodlords (corruptors/hydralisks). As a more stable strategy, you open with a lot more Roaches instead of Mutalisks, which leaves you with more gas that you can use for Upgrades, Infestors and faster Broodlords. While Ultralisks were considered useless for quite a long time they are recently used a lot more and with a lot more success. The key is not massing Ultralisks but getting a few (~8) and then using them to tank Damage while a big number of Zerglings kills everything. There are three rules you have to follow against Zerg, otherwise no strategy will ever help you: This Strategy needs very good map awareness and perfect Injects to always have the exact amount of Zerglings that you need to be safe. Banelings can become neccessary against Marine heavy compositions, but they delay your Broodlords, so think twice before getting them. I'm cleaning up some old answers that might have been accurate at the time of writing but are completely incorrect now, so the updated answer: There are several key points to make Ultralisks work: Roach/Mutalisk into Broodlords Simplified Math: 1 Worker gathers 0.7 minerals per second (according to this Teamliquid Thread). This means a single worker gathers the resources required for 1 Marine every 70 seconds. So being one worker behind doesn't have an effect immedatly, but after those 70 seconds you will be one marine behind unless you skip a worker and instead produce an additional marine, which would put you another worker behind, resulting in being behind a marine every 35 seconds unless you skip another worker. Continue until you are dead. You can recover from an early worker disadvantage by either killing a lot of his units and then expanding and getting a lot of workers while he rebuilds his army (especially true for zerg) or by killing enemy workers with drops while you have a similar sized army. You always have to know which tech options the Zerg has. If you scout the spire getting built you have enough time to go 2-gate + double stargate and counter the typical muta/ling with phoenix/zealot. If you don't scout it in time then there is no way to get enough air units to counter the masses of mutalisks he can get, which can often be an insta-loss if you don't have a lot of stalkers and sentries already. That said, stalker/colossi works ok against muta/ling if you get the chance to move out and attack immedatly, otherwise he gets to the critical number of mutalisks and just kill all your workers and then out-produces you. The effect is mostly that you earn less resources, which means that you can not expand at the same time as the enemy and you can only produce workers at a slower pace unless you accept falling behind in unit numbers.