When a reviewer sees this, they will understand why you did it and why you thought it was necessary to make the edit. It is growing at roughly 10K per month (observational, may not be accurate) Looking at revision history and the timestamps of both examples you provided, one possibility for the reason your edits were rejected was not because you lost an edit race with a 2K user, but you actually lost an edit race with the OP of the questions AND it was within the 5 minute grace period of the edit. The likely order of what happen is something like: (And this doesn't even take into account the fact that many posts will have close votes already - assuming an average of 2 existing close votes, that brings the number of people down to 133 of 17,000+ eligible close voters). So at 45 days, 50 reviews per person, that's only 222 (5 votes per post) people beyond what is normally closed in a given day. I'd say it is definitely doable. The flip side is there is a sizable minority that thinks this practice is acceptable and proper. This scenerio would also explain the time lapse between your suggested edits, the rejection time, and when the next edit was captured in the revision history But if you want to continue fixing code in answers because you think it is better, then read on... 1 - Editing code in questions is always discouraged, except to fix spacing in non-whitespace sensitive languages. Editing code in answers1, except to fix obvious typos, is discouraged by a portion of the community. This premise is based on the idea that you are changing someone's work to something that it isn't, and that person, not you, will feel the impact (in terms of downvotes) if your edit is not correct. Because of this, many reviewers will reject almost all edits that change the code of an answer regardless of the reason, whether they are not familiar with the topic or not. The best practice in most of these cases unless you want to deal with the likely potential of rejected edits is to leave a comment and let the original author make the change, or adding your own answer. If the code isn't working, then feel free to downvote because a non-working answer is probably not helpful. The one thing that you shouldn't do though is use "Other" for everything. It should be reserved for cases when the reason you are flagging requires an explanation or additional information that cannot be conveyed through the flag type and reading the first few lines of the post. In cases where is it clear cut, you should select the appropriate flag type. The emphasis is where "Not an Answer" seems inappropriate. This answer does address the question, so Not an Answer wouldn't seem to apply. So you can say that it is, at best, a disputed practice. I absolutely agree that you were correct to flag the answer. It is effectively an upvote of the other answer or a comment. However, I'm not sure I agree on the specific flag that you chose. But when you flag as "Other", and explain the situation, now you give the moderator enough information to make an informed judgement on the flag and post, and be able to act appropriate. You should have expanded it slightly to say something like: Because the OP has a binding vote on edits for his/her question, your edit is rejected by Community (this is a similar effect as if a 2K user reviewed your edit and tried to improve your edit from within the review queue - when this happens your edit is immediately rejected or accepted by Community). But since it was within the 5 minute grace period after the post was made, there was no indication in the suggest edit as to who edited your question after you. But what is the appropriate action for a new user, especially if the original question did not have a real answer? Should we recommend he reask the same question in hopes of finding an answer? Is there another alternative that we can recommend? I might have considered selecting "Very Low Quality" but flagging this situation as "Other" and explaining the problem in brief detail would have been the best choice. But in general, Community never provides a reason for the reject. Because it does not have the ability to think for itself (yet), it does not know why it is rejecting the edit. When I am reviewing, especially in the first time post reviews, and I flag a not-an-answer answer, I try to leave the poster some feedback in the hope he/she reads it before it gets deleted (sometimes that is wishful thinking). First, they normally don't see individual flags, and most are grouped by post (although I believe there are some exceptions), so when they see a flagged post, there is often not a lot of context as to why a specific post was flagged, except for the flag type. Ok, so what, it worked for you, but that doesn't say why you did it.