Here's another example: kitten. 

The clouds are at height 49-46 above sea level. That gives you a 15 meters' room above the clouds. I tried putting two powered rail right before the powered off rail, but the cart still came to a complete stop. If you don't like the dithering, you can turn that off and approximate every pixel with the closest color: 

Given the lava physics in Minecraft, light intensity and radius are the same. A candle gives 14 luminance and 14 radius. Lava and sunlight have 15 luminance instead. Okay, that doesn't look too good, but while you are using GIMP you might as well make use of it. The background is midway green and yellow, so maybe you can consider shifting the hue of the image (Colors → Hue-Saturation) towards either one of those two colors. For bonus points you might even try and just do that to the background using the various selections tools (this is no GIMP tutorial!). 

I built a small homage to the booster while revisiting an old world, given that its place now lies in our hearts... and behind a glass case, museum style. 

I tried using a stone pressure plate, and while sometimes it works, other times it derails my minecart. 

Dithering might not work very well if your picture is going to be seen from up close; you can also near to the closest color from those 16. Again, this is a solved problem and a computer can do the maths for you. Once a fire is created it behaves like a normal fire and can spread further according to fire spread rules. However, sometimes the game will put the Nether portal far from the starting point, if it can't find other suitable place. Let's say it puts the Nether portal at x=80, y=60, z=110 (this is still in the +/-128 bounding box). When you enter that portal the game will search the corresponding space in the overworld: starting from x=640, z=880, it will search the +/-128 blocks - from x=512, z=752 to x=768, z=1008. As you may notice, the original overworld portal is well outside this box. So the game will create a new portal in the overworld. This is what is happening in your world. 

For more details, see Spawn protection and server.properties (search for 'spawn-protection') The full list of mob attributes (including horse-specific attributes) can be found on the wiki. For your particular example, you need 'Variant' and 'Health', e.g.: To fix that, write down the coordinates of the portal in the overworld (use F3 to get them) and divide them by 8. Enter the Nether, go to the calculated coordinates and create a portal from the Nether. You don't have to be exact, as long as you are within 16 blocks from the calculated coordinates (you need to match only x and z, y is irrelevant). Then the game should find the original overworld portal. Or: Move the overworld portal using the above logic. Probably you are inside the spawn protection radius and that is why you can't break blocks. When there are no ops on the server, spawn protection is disabled, that is why you can break blocks when there are no ops defined. You can remove the top torch and replace it with redstone to do what you want. In fact you can even remove the first two wood blocks and replace them with redstone. 

Is there a specific code in Minecraft, responsible for mobs trying to damage critical infrastructure on purpose? e.g. an enderman preferring that one block with a button on it versus 300 other blocks of the house? First, there's "selection": A water channel pushing the mobs towards the dead drop chute was augmented - glass walls and two pistons triggered through the same switch, one of them extending while the other retracts. Next I pick out a few creepers and float them to right side hole. 

(personally, I found Design by Trunkz to cover all my singleplayer needs in excess - probably like 4x excess. In your case it depends on how many players it would be serving. For some 4-5 this would be sufficient. For more, pick a more advanced design.) (still, enchanting normal materials equipment with cheap - lvl1-5 enchantments is cheap enough that it might be worthwhile.) Even 1-wide trench, anywhere within 5 blocks away from the door will suffice; it doesn't even need direct "line of sight" to the door (space between the trench and the door may be buried). With the inside of the farm full covered and larger than 4 blocks, what matters is that within 5 blocks ahead of every door, at least one block (upper or lower) is empty and open to the sky. Then I go level below, open the door and stand at the end of the corridor. Once the creepers are dead, I close the door, open the small fence gate and collect the records - then go to bring more creepers. 

The five redstones at start are needed to overcome the night ambient light threshold. 

Choose location that corresponds to a Nether location next to enormous lava lake. Otherwise you'll spend ages carrying the lava. Place one nether portal, get a big supply of buckets. Build a very tall tower, then three rather long walkways with 1 block spacing between them. Put some Lava blocks in the gaps between them (some 2 blocks apart) so that you get two enormous walls of lava flowing down. Remove lava sources and quickly pour water as soon as the lava starts "dropping". As result you should end up with two enormous walls of cobblestone. Cast your portals, level by level of blocks: first cobble or whatever to form the casts, then fill with lava, then cool with water into obsidian, then build another layer. Remove cobblestone. Light them up, add trapdoors, add grinder infrastructure (you may need to dig the hole for the drop trap). But that's more than 2 days of work unfortunately but I'm afraid you won't do much better for overworld survival...