Nowadays 10 Readings are still known and more or less practiced and memorized. the recitation to coincide with the script of one of the copies of the Quran distributed during the era of Caliph 'Othmân is correct. accodring which count you want the number of ayat? This is taken from tafsir ibn Kathir Conclusions from some fatwas on the matter Note that all these similar narration have been narrated based on (common part of the ) the chain: *In Arabic: it said I have been given the book so the translator used the interpretation kitab=book=Quran! Because only for a few surahs (al-Mulk, an al-Fatiha) there is a fix number of ayat known (from ahadith) therefore the number differs between the different counts, which are a result of ijtihad of the sahaba and the tabi'yn (May Allah be pleased with them), for example have they considered the basmalah as a verse or not, where did the Prophet (peace be upon him) make a pause (this was the point where a Verse finished) and how this pause has been qualified: In the surah named by it and in surat al-Baqarah. And note that in surat al-'Asr it was used as an oath, which in Arabic means a major emphasize on it. This shows the importance of this prayer! Each of these qira'at and riwayat have special tajweed rulings ... This may mean that you could listen to a recitation of the whole Qur'an in a recitation style you are not familiar with, where it seems that 20-50% (just a guess!) of the words are even pronounced and performed differently! For example scholars say that between both riwayat of 'Asim Sho'aba and Hafs there are more than 500 differences! If there should be benefit for Muslims they should chose him. If not they can chose a better candidate or still not vote at all. And here's a link to the version from musnad al-Bazzaar: Note that the 'Asr prayer is mentioned (or at least interpreted) in the Qur'an in two places: Form all which I have mentioned I'd say there is no necessity to have a physical copy of the Quran, as anything which is related to the physical copy (blessings etc.) can be reached by any other way of reciting and following the teachings of the Quran. But it is still recommended to have a copy of the Quran -in whatever form- to be able to recite it and worship Allah. This is a question that is hard to answer as the decision at the end is yours, but all we can do is offer some help to make a decision: