In the simulated world, the reason for this ontological parsimony is clear: It is a savings on resources to fake up the parts of the simulation that receive the most scrutiny more convincingly than others. If it would take, as seems reasonable, a universe's worth of resources to actually simulate an entire universe, then it might be a necessity for a simulation to appear more complex than it actually is, at least if it is being simulated in a universe like the one being simulated. If, on the other hand, the world is in the mind of God, who presumably has infinite resources, then why would God cheat? As Descartes concluded in his Meditations, we must assume a good and honest God who is not deceiving us, because without such an assumption, we can never actually know anything. The Argument from Contingency - Nothing in the world that we see is permanent, all things change and pass away. But if nothing is truly eternal, then how can existence itself be sustained over the long term? Eventually all things must go, and if the past is infinite, then all things should have already disappeared an infinitely long time ago. Therefore there must be a necessary being that cannot pass away. However, this is not entirely a bad thing, since modern logic was created by substituting fuzzy natural language concepts with new, well-defined ones. I've been studying this particular theory recently. While I agree that it has significant flaws at a deep level, it's harder to debunk than it might initially seem. You might want to read the originating paper, by philosopher Nick Bostrom, it is neither long nor difficult. Your own perspective seems closer to one hinted at by contemporary philosopher Nick Bostrom in his "simulation" theory, that postulates we all exist inside a computer simulated world. In a deliberately simulated world, some parts, which will be interacted with, might be "real" (at least by the standards of the simulation) meaning they are actually simulated. Others may just appear to exist, to make the simulation appear larger than it is. Similarly some people in such a world might be fully simulated, others might be "avatars", directly controlled by the simulators, and others might be "zombies" --background figures with no actual consciousness or agency. "The problem" of universals is considered to be one of the pervasive problems of western philosophy. Bertrand Russell wrote: Good question. One characterization of "the problem" in the problem of universals, is that it pertains to the very existence, or lack, of a basic correspondence between our thoughts and reality. Our thoughts are saturated with general terms and concepts. Reality, on the other hand, seems everywhere particular and individual. So, how can our thoughts match reality? Still, logical positivism was a popular philosophy between WWI and WWII, and it did apparently influence some scientists to some extent, in the direction of behaviorism and instrumentalism. And there has been some talk about impediments causes by scientists being, for a while, too impressed with the strictures of logical positivism. For example, here is what Nobel prize laureate physicist Steven Weinberg said in a 2015 interview on the history of physics: Wittgenstein's Tractatus is said to be Kantian because it shares an abstract theoretical structure which we identify as typically Kantian. Kant's metaphysics is based on broadly epistemological premises (the nature of experience, of concepts, of judgments, etc) rather than on properly metaphysical premises. Analogously, The Tractatus' metaphysics is based on linguistic premises (the nature of linguistic meaning) rather than on properly metaphysical premises. And sometimes, as with the example of positivism, the work of professional philosophers actually stands in the way of progress. That’s also the case with the approach known as constructivism — the idea that every society’s scientific theories are a social construct, like its political institutions... P.S. Transcendental logic does not seem to be related here. Perhaps you are mixing transcendental (a property of inquiries) with transcendent (a property of things)? The claim that logical empiricism (= logical positivism) has "sterilized science" seems far fetched, even without getting into specific facts. The sciences have their own trajectories. Scientists are barely aware of what the philosophers are doing. Aristotle refers to letters as the cause (his word aitia) of a syllable in Metaphysics BK 1 and Physics book 2 part 3. He doesn't specifically say material cause (but you're not the first to draw the inference by a long shot). Conversely, substantive forms/ideas are substantiated by objects in the world (either through the activity of the demiurge or the creator) as reflections on it. None of that is necessary to accept the continued veracity of 1 + 1 = 2. In light of Robert's comment, I'm extending this answer in one respect. The thought experiment can be understood in two ways. Way 1: Linguistic opposites: We are merely changing the meaning of words. "2" means -2. "-2" means 2. The utterance "true" now means false and vice versa. This particular thought experiment is completely uninteresting, because it merely means that the language of this opposite world is somehow coincidentally reversed for all descriptive terms. However, this is not entirely a bad thing, since modern logic was created by substituting fuzzy natural language concepts with new, well-defined ones. I've been studying this particular theory recently. While I agree that it has significant flaws at a deep level, it's harder to debunk than it might initially seem. You might want to read the originating paper, by philosopher Nick Bostrom, it is neither long nor difficult. Your own perspective seems closer to one hinted at by contemporary philosopher Nick Bostrom in his "simulation" theory, that postulates we all exist inside a computer simulated world. In a deliberately simulated world, some parts, which will be interacted with, might be "real" (at least by the standards of the simulation) meaning they are actually simulated. Others may just appear to exist, to make the simulation appear larger than it is. Similarly some people in such a world might be fully simulated, others might be "avatars", directly controlled by the simulators, and others might be "zombies" --background figures with no actual consciousness or agency.