Roman Arch, Roman Vault, and Roman Dome Source: National Geographic News - Leap year (why) 

The secret of Roman success in making cement was traced to the mixing of slaked lime with pozzolana, a volcanic ash from Mount Vesuvius. This process produced a cement capable of hardening under water. During the Middle Ages this art was lost and it was not until the scientific spirit of inquiry revived that we rediscovered the secret of hydraulic cement -- cement that will harden under water. 

The ancient Maya, famed for their elaborate and accurate calendar systems, observed two calendar years, but neither seemed to have bothered with a leap year. "As far as we know, the people of Mesoamerica—the Maya included—didn't care about leap years," said Anthony Aveni, an expert in ancient Mesoamerican astronomy at Colgate University. The Maya solar year of 365 days was central to the agricultural cycle, while their ritual year of 260 days was critical for determining auspicious dates. These calendars were carefully designed to synchronize in 52-year cycles, but no effort was made to prevent "drifting" dates. "They didn't care if they didn't have a white Christmas, or if their Fourth of July wasn't in the summer, to put it in our terms," Aveni explained. The Maya instead placed priority on marking the passage of time through additional calendar systems such as the Long Count, which unfolds on a cycle more than 5,000 years long. "Our philosophy about leap year is a complicated scheme to make the seasons jibe with the calendar," Aveni said. The Maya "were more concerned that time should be unbroken, not interfered with, and that the count of time should have continuity," he said. "To break continuity would be to break order." The wiki subsection on the Minoan Peace is worth a read - it presents the arguments for and against the Minoans as warlike, and is well cited. The crux of it is this: 

This is a marble plinth or capital for a decorative column, likely of Classical Roman origin - the harpies and the immodesty of the subjects particularly give it away. There was a major Roman city nearby at Caesarea. 

It will be impossible to give you more information over the internet - your best bet would be to report its discovery to the Antiquities Authority. They'll give you credit for its discovery (a big deal! I'm jealous), and they'll be able to tell you more about it. You probably qualify as a collector, so you'll get to keep it, tho they may request to borrow it for study or display in a museum (A really big deal!). 

The earliest written reference to a war was between Sumer and Elam in 2700BCE. 

"The Senate and the people have placed this in honor of Julius Aurelius Zenobius and Zabdilas, the son of Dichmalchus, the son of Nassumus, commander at the time of arrival of the divine Alexander, who provided help for governor Rutilius Crispinus and his visiting expeditionary force; overseer also of the distribution of corn, a liberal man, not sparing even of his own private property, and conducting his public service with distinction, so that he has been blessed by the god Jaribolus and by Julius Priscus, the most illustrious prefect and sacred praetor, and also a great lover of his country, in the year 554." 

The proponderance of evidence, such as pollen studies, seems to show that the climate of the Mediterranean has gradually shifted to becoming drier. See for example, Bottema (1994), The prehistoric environment of Greece: a review of the palynological record. There is a clear shift of trees from deciduous to evergreen, even in areas unaffected by human activity. Evergreen trees like colder, more arid conditions than deciduous trees. This change is reflected in agriculture as well, the crops being grown now being somewhat drier crops than in ancient times.