This could apply to functionalism, one of the traditional tenets of which is that dispositions to behavior are encoded in actual brain states. (It is possible that forms of functionalism can be characterized without reference to brain states, but I do not know of anyone who has actually suggested this). That is to suggest there are actual states in the brain which encode or contain 'in' them an infinite number of possible behavioral outputs. This is the same basic error as thinking of rules as mysteriously 'containing' their instances. Naturally, Wittgenstein does not himself mention functionalism, which originated after his death. Hilary Putnam, more influenced by logical positivism than the later Wittgenstein, was its chief advocate, though he himself later abandoned it. Kripke's discussion of Wittgenstein on rule-following is notoriously idiosyncratic, and seems overly concerned with reading into W a 'skeptical' method, a reading which has been very controversial. For an alternative, detailed analysis of W on rule following, Baker and Hacker's Language, Rules and Necessity remains the locus classicus. I can't say I could consider any of these processes even close to 'mental'. Mental-ness seems to involve will and decisions, but only ones that eventually become conscious. Still, I cannot say on what basis I would place those constraints, or where my favored position actually comes from. 

What, if anything, have various schools of thought put forward as a 'litmus test' for whether something is or is not a mental state, and what are their respective justifications for their chosen definitions? At least one major thinker agrees with this basic premise, but when you put us all together in a society, things get much more complicated. The individual problem is too much of a psychotherapy question -- we officially don't like answering those here. The social parallel is much more interesting philosophically. 

Given that this seems to be your choice of vocabulary, whether or not it is proper in the estimation of the people being discussed, I will go ahead and answer from the idealist position, which it seems you wish to include in the dualist realm in order to have 'monism' really mean physicalism or its evolving equivalent. 

As motivation, the component executing this process, involving protein construction and other molecular processes, is guided by encoded messages, written in RNA. This is not a metaphor, amino-acid markers are quite obviously letters in a language and they are transformed via rules encoded into the pieces of RNA that construct the proteins that read and write them. So even evolution seems to have decided that at some level of complexity, coordinating this volume of information requires encoding and rule-following. 

From a layered idealist position like that of Kant, or Leibniz (Kripke or Searle or Nagel) the mind and the body are different aspects or interpretations of the same thing. It is easiest to see how the mind 'causes' the body, and everything else. It is possible the reverse is also true, but one does not need two answers for one question. The ontological difference is one of complete dependence, in one being more basic than the other, or in the two being the same thing measured in different ways, and not an independence. Fodor himself directly attacks the idea that something severely different than a language could fit into place so well. That seems circular without some deeper basis. For instance, it is clear that at a certain level of detail, this good fit arises from a very dissimilar representation. At some level those rules are recorded in a way that contains no element of language. Nerve potentials reach a given bias threshold and fire, nothing discrete or grammatical going on. But I don't think that immediate contradiction to Fodor's argument is very meaningful. 

Kripke's discussion of Wittgenstein on rule-following is notoriously idiosyncratic, and seems overly concerned with reading into W a 'skeptical' method, a reading which has been very controversial. For an alternative, detailed analysis of W on rule following, Baker and Hacker's Language, Rules and Necessity remains the locus classicus. This could apply to functionalism, one of the traditional tenets of which is that dispositions to behavior are encoded in actual brain states. (It is possible that forms of functionalism can be characterized without reference to brain states, but I do not know of anyone who has actually suggested this). That is to suggest there are actual states in the brain which encode or contain 'in' them an infinite number of possible behavioral outputs. This is the same basic error as thinking of rules as mysteriously 'containing' their instances. Naturally, Wittgenstein does not himself mention functionalism, which originated after his death. Hilary Putnam, more influenced by logical positivism than the later Wittgenstein, was its chief advocate, though he himself later abandoned it. 

Kripke is discussing section 193 of Philosophical Investigations, where Wittgenstein draws a distinction between a machine as an idealized symbol of a rule-following or law-governed mechanism, and a machine as a real object whose behaviours and operations are subject to failure. Wittgenstein here was particularly concerned with trying to shed light on the concept of rule-following, the idea that following a rule means we somehow grasp all the infinite instances of behavior that could be thought to be in accord with the rule. He was saying that the instances are not mysteriously contained 'in' the rule, but rather the idea of a rule is an idealization and to be understood as more like a general ability represented by specific behaviors than an infinite number of possible occurrences.