http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jubal_Early 

The Carthaginian cavalry led the Romans away on a chase-about, but the more numerous Carthaginian infantry got somewhat the better of the Roman infantry. At just the time they were about to make this advantage felt, the Roman cavalry returned and took the Carthaginian infantry in the rear, completing the Roman victory. This happened exactly at the "psychological moment," shortly after the Carthaginian third line had joined the infantry attack. Earlier, they had been held in reserve, and could have been "turned" to face the Roman cavalry. 

Russia sold Alaska to the United States because its grip on it was tenuous at best. California was even further south (that is, away from Siberia) and harder to manage. Even if Russia could somehow "seize" California, it couldn't hold it very long against Spanish, American and British pressure. Grant received reinforcements of 28,000 on the second day, his own "lost" division under General Lew Wallace (future author of Ben Hur) and three divisions of a supporting army under Don Carlos Buell, and won the battle the second day. 

The first, and "official" ending, was the signing of the peace Treaty of Ghent, December 24, 1814, which would have made a nice Christmas present. It called for a cessation of hostilities, the exchange of lands and prisoners, and the appointment of a joint commission to study U.S. Canadian boundary issues. 

The dominoes were all set up. After Archduke Franz Ferdinand was assassinated by Serbians, these dominoes teetered. War was not inevitable, and careful negotiation had saved the day before, but Austria-Hungary had ambitions in the Balkans. They gave the dominoes a knock by demanding humiliating terms of Serbia that Serbia could not possibly accept. Germany goaded Austria-Hungary on, eager to deal with an unprepared Russia, and promised their full support. The helmet can block vision or get snagged. This one is my own speculation. If the helmet gets snagged, I'd rather it fell off than get snagged with it. If the helmet falls over my eyes, I want to get rid of it quick. In close combat, an enemy can grab the visor. The idea here is an enemy gets you from behind, grabs the visor, and pulls your head back exposing the throat and belly. Probably more foxhole fantasy than reality. After years of blockades and raids, a US mercenary force approached Tripoli by land via Derne. The US commander requested safe passage and supplies. The city governor refused, reportedly with "My head or yours!". The American's target was a fort and the governor's palace. I have no mention of civilian casualties, but city battles are never pretty, and mercenaries aren't the best behaved. 

That edges out the Paris Gun, which still holds the title of the longest shots fired in anger despite being nearly 100 years old. It fired a 106 kg shell to a range of 130 km and a maximum altitude of 42 km. It was purely a terror weapon, only having the accuracy to hit a city. It did, with careful diplomacy, for 40 years. Then it fell apart. 

Looking at this historically, the major difference between "annexing" and "colonizing" is how the dominating power views the locals. For annexation, they'd offer them the rights and respect as their own population. For colonization, they consider them sub-human to be moved around and wiped out as they please. Soon after the capture of Derne, with Tripoli threatened and the blockade being bad for business, the pasha surrendered. A treaty was signed declaring a "inviolable and universal peace, and a sincere friendship", exchanging all prisoners, ending the blockade, and withdrawing from Derne. Curiously, after refusing to pay tribute, the US agreed to pay ransom for American prisoners. Grant received reinforcements of 28,000 on the second day, his own "lost" division under General Lew Wallace (future author of Ben Hur) and three divisions of a supporting army under Don Carlos Buell, and won the battle the second day. The battle of Zama was a seesaw fight for much of the battle. The result of a Roman victory resulted largely from the "fortunes of war." 

The ACTUAL ending of the war was the Battle of New Orleans, January 8, 1815 (news traveled slowly in those days, so neither side knew that the war had ended). It was a complete, lopsided victory for the defending American forces, under General Andrew Jackson that helped catapult him to the Presidency. The British suffered some 2000 casualties (one fourth of their total), including the commanding general Edward Pakenham. 

The first, and "official" ending, was the signing of the peace Treaty of Ghent, December 24, 1814, which would have made a nice Christmas present. It called for a cessation of hostilities, the exchange of lands and prisoners, and the appointment of a joint commission to study U.S. Canadian boundary issues. 

After years of blockades and raids, a US mercenary force approached Tripoli by land via Derne. The US commander requested safe passage and supplies. The city governor refused, reportedly with "My head or yours!". The American's target was a fort and the governor's palace. I have no mention of civilian casualties, but city battles are never pretty, and mercenaries aren't the best behaved. 

The Czech plan has them attacking through southern Germany. The Czech's were to be prepared... 

The plans make several things clear: The Warsaw Pact expected NATO to strike first with a tactical nuclear strike, and they saw a limited nuclear war as feasible. This is the opposite of NATO's own planning which assumed the Warsaw Pact would strike first, planned to avoid nuclear weapons if possible, and planned to respond to nuclear weapons with a disproportionate response. 

In short, colonization and empire is rarely a deliberate government act. It usually begins as a for-profit venture by private citizens or chartered companies and generates so much money for the home country the entire government gets sucked in.