If you try and flag two comments in a row, you run into the vote rate-limiter: 

On one of the meta chatrooms just now, I posted a link and then posted "..." a second later. For some reason, the second message inserted above the first, and a time difference message showed up informing me I'd posted the first -1 seconds after the second: 

Screenshot of the site list http://so.mrozekma.com/chat-create-room-sites.png 

I think the reputation required to edit questions on SE betas should be massively lowered. Right now it almost seems like it's been overlooked; retagging and close voting were both dropped to 1, while editing remains at 2000 for private beta, 1000 for public beta 

Screenshot of Unix private beta start mouseover http://mrozekma.com/so-a51-unix-beta-private-hover.png 

When creating a new chat room, it's possible to not associate it with a specific site, if you choose "The Stack Exchange Network" from the site list (it appears twice for some reason, but that's a separate issue): 

Screenshot of Unix public beta start mouseover http://mrozekma.com/so-a51-unix-beta-public-hover.png 

If I delete normally it works fine; it's only converting to comment (and probably edit, although I didn't try) more than once that leaves behind undelete votes 

Suspending / nuking / molecular destabilizing in the works. Thanks for the head's up. 

Perhaps add a 'requires more immediate attention' option, which degrades into the same weight as 'other' if several false positives are sent. 

I'd like to attend to stuff that the community can't handle first. This may be: 

Had they realized that we automatically re-write Amazon affiliate links to our own, they probably wouldn't have bothered. Might have a look in the logs to see what the original affiliate ID was, Amazon doesn't take kindly to that. 

I'm not entirely sure if that's by design, however there's no sort of privilege escalation at play here. 

I really don't care about rep anymore. Well, sure I do care, but not to the point that I won't correct or add something to make my answer better, even if it means not seeing a number on a web page increment. 

Even though the flag menu is extensive and promotes better flagging, we still have only three types of flags from a moderation standpoint: 

However, we'd probably also want to prevent people from inserting that line unless wrapped in a code block. 

The alternate to that (more simply implemented perhaps?) is to give us a way to see the 'other' flags first. Give us the home grown stuff first, or the ability to see it first, before moving on to the canned goods :)