For an example of a process that is sensitive to both the syllable and the mora in Japanese, consider pitch accent assignment. In the "standard" Japanese dialect, a pitch accent is associated with the initial mora of a syllable. So with three-syllable words, there are three possible accent patterns for accented words--initial, medial, and final accent (of course words can be unaccented as well). It doesn't matter if the syllables are light or heavy. But if the accented syllable is heavy, the high "tone" (trying to stay pre-theoretical here) of the accent is constrained to associate with the initial mora of the accented syllable. One final note: the term phonotactics is not directly relevant for the discussion of the phonetic realization of prosodic boundaries. Phonotactics is the branch of phonology that deals with what combinations of phonemes are permitted in a language. Sometimes the phonotactics of a language can interact with its prosody such that, say, certain consonant clusters are only able to appear across syllable boundaries. Vowels + All Consonants except Plain Stops (Metropolitan New York English) In phonology, syllables are like cars and morae are like people. Every car on the road must contain at least one person (the driver), but a car can also contain multiple people. Likewise, every syllable contains minimally one mora, but it may contain two or even three. Certain phonological processes are dependent on syllable count and some are dependent on mora count; some are dependent on both. I hope at least part of this explanation clears things up for you a bit! Let me know if there is anything in particular that is still unclear and I will try to improve my answer. Other prosodic boundaries include syllable boundaries and phrase boundaries. I added the phonetics tag to your question because phonetics is the field of linguistics that deals with how phonological units like words and phrases are delineated acoustically (acoustics is not a field of linguistics per se; one can study the acoustics of jet engines or the acoustics of a concert hall, but phonetics deals with the acoustics of speech) and how those acoustic cues are produced and perceived. a) who is speaking b) the time or place of speaking c) the gestures of the speaker d) the current location in the discourse e) the topic of the discourse Recursion: This is a phenomenon where a linguistic rule can be applied to the result of the application of the same rule. So for example, cat is a signifier, it's a word. The animal we think of by reading that word is the signified, i.e. the meaning the word conveys. There's even cliccare, a verb formed by attaching the verb ending -are to the root clic, from English to click. Farmer = person Farmable = adjective and so on... Cultural transmission: This refers to the fact that languages (and all that this includes) is transmitted to future generations. Also, these don't necessarily acquire the language from their biological parents, but rather from the society where they grow up (which might include their parents). English has acquired many terms from Italian as well: opera, stanza, pianissimo, a cappella, falsetto, but I could really go on. It's also not a coincidence that these terms are all related music and theatre. Italian has been the Lingua Franca in Europe in the past, such as during the Renaissance, and many terms are still used in present day. The neutral phrase for this phenomenon is language contact which is one of the ways in which language change can occur. A language is a complex system of communication, spoken or written, verbal or non-verbal. If you combine those three letters to form the word cat, then you have meaningful unit. If I say cat, you'll certainly think of the four-legged animal covered in fur. It's a very old criticism. The Stoic grammarians are suspected of having their tongues skewed into their cheeks when they employed the word pandektes ('all-receiver') for adverb. John Horne Tooke, The Diversions of Purley, 1786, called the adverb “The common sink and repository of all heterogeneous and unknown corruptions”, citing the 4th- to 5th-century grammarian Maurus Servius Honoratus: Note by the way that there are dozens of 'types' of modality, not just three. These three come to the fore in discussing English modal verbs because they have been found (somewhat) useful for categorizing the distinguishable ranges of meaning and syntactic use each modal exhibits. Traditional grammarians going all the way back to Donatus are accused of classifying as adverb any word they couldn't make fit anywhere else in the canonical parts of speech. Contemporary grammar has of course progressed beyond the classical notion; we no longer call unclassifiable terms adverbs but employ the far more meaningful term particle. Permissive can is 'deontic' because its domain is that of obligation: it conveys a sense of unbinding or absence of obligation. You can stay as long as you want means that you are not 'bound' or 'obliged' to leave at any particular time. This permissive use designates a different kind of possibility than that conferred by physical ability (John can bench-press three hundred pounds) or logical inference (That can't be true!)