This Kantian fusion was directly inspired by Einstein's musings about the role clocks, rulers, masses, etc., played in interpreting relativity physically. According to Friedman, "in Carnap's Logical Syntax of Language we find a revival of the relativized a priori in something very like Reichenbach’s original sense". Carnap saw Kuhnian paradigms as a historicized version of his linguistic frameworks. Friedman himself takes Reichenbach’s distillation of Einstein's blueprint, along with Cassirer's framework, as starting points for encapsulating Quinean and Kuhnian relativism into a multiscale hierarchical model of evolving scientific knowledge, see e.g. his Einstein, Kant, and the Relativized A Priori. Let's suspend discussion of what is more "plausible", dark energy or giant void, or what "plausible" even means as applied to the 'universe as a whole', or what justifications one might offer for the Copernican principle. There seems to be an overt non-sequitur in its application. Assuming that we are not in a privileged position does not imply that we are in a generic one. The third option, and seemingly the most "plausible" one, whatever that means, seems to be that our position is neither privileged nor generic. There are many like it, and there are many as well, that are nothing like it. Freudian psychoanalysis and Husserlian phenomenology are attempts to deal with some of them systematically, but they are traditionally confined to the fringe of science at best. The mainstream approach is empirical second hand, but behaviorism in psychology and linguistics, and nominalism in mathematics were not very productive. The assimilation of Kant by scientists proceeded through Herbart, a talented popularizer who succeeded him at Königsberg, and to a lesser extent Fichte, who spelled out what Kant's "transcendental method" was. Dissatisfied with speculations of German idealism Helmholtz issued the "back to Kant" call in his 1855 lecture. The original interest was in Kant's theory of sensibility in relation to the emerging physiology of senses, especially vision and touch (early studies of vision motivated Kant's model of sensibility, productive imagination and understanding), and the related subject of empirical geometry (Riemann names Gauss and Herbart as the only influences in his famous lecture, see Which school of philosophy motivated thinking about spaces of higher dimension?). The approach was to discard idealist elements in Kant and relax his synthetic a priori to make room for more empirical input, e.g. a priori did not strictly dictate Euclidean geometry, only some locally Euclidean one, to be determined empirically. Poincare went further in accepting the creative role of mental faculties in science, and postulated that empirical theories only reflect certain structures of experience (Kant would say those brought under the categories of understanding), e.g. experience only specifies geometry + physics but not each part separately, that is decided by convention. Conventional aspects are determined by pragmatic reasons and may be discarded in new theories. Current structural realists (Worrall, Tegmark) trace their lineage to Poincare. Let's replace weight with cross-section. If objects with smaller cross section do fall faster let's strap two together (next to each other, so that the cross-sections add up) and argue as above. Ergo, cross section can not affect the falling rate either. But objects with smaller cross section do fall faster, because of air resistance, and two objects strapped together with added cross sections will fall slower than each one separately, for the same reason. Something is wrong here, but the reasoning leading to a contradiction is essentially identical to the one above.