It is, therefore, both moral and immoral: While the political activity cannot be completely detached from morality (see e.g. pp. 1-3, 18, 114), the necessary political action of a prince (or, as Viroli speaks of "enduring value", probably any political actor) may and has to be justified by the achievement for a general betterment of society, i.e. an overall morally superiour status: Second point is that Schadenfreude is commonly known to show the dark sides of a human: the absence of empathy and the inability of acknowledging the negativity of the situation. It is a form of surrender, a triumph of something that has to be held as undesirable (Adorno: something alienating from the first nature). Long story I will base my answer completely on the comparatively recent book: Schopenhauer was inspired by Indian philosophy. He auto-didactively learned Sanscrit to read original texts (Vedas). Political Authority Both have to be distinguished from political authority, which he defines as follows: Regarding the sublime as destinct from beauty In section 23, Kant destinguishes the sublime and the beauty. The main difference is stated as followed: All in all, every political actor has to be judged by moral standards and Macciavelli does argue this as well. In this sense, The Prince surely is not immoral. All Macciavelli does is opening the scope from individual actions to "the whole reign will be judged by history", which is actually, as Viroli argues, an enduring picture still influential in modern history, and probably the reason why the book is part of the curriculum of (at least most of the) ivy league colleges educating the soon-to-be powerful. I would use the definitions of Allan Buchanan, who is arguably one of the most influential writers in political philosophy. In his essay Political Legitimacy and Democracy (Ethics 112, 4 (July 2002): 689–719) he gives the following definitions: In this sense, living is suffering from the Will to Live. We cannot influence this, it is an external fact and therefore we are "just suffering". As long as we are living, we ipso facto cannot evade this. We have to stop living, becoming sheer (and immortal) being, not end it, since a circle has no end. The idea of living as suffering is a picture he liked about Kant's epistomology. The form of life you are looking for has to be self-organizing and self-positioning, Plessner would have said. Perhaps his philosophy can help you getting deeper into this. The order of values often defines destinct societies and sometimes is forcefully shared within societies, though. One example of the latter is the german constitution where the values are ranked through the number of the article in the first 19 ones (human rights). In general, juriciary is the most reliable source regarding that. Suicide is a crime (murder). It is a violation of a perfect duty against oneself (First Part, First Book is named "Perfect duties against oneself"). Regarding § 59 of the Critique of the Power of Judgement First, please consider the title of this section: On beauty as a symbol of morality. Now, if there are two realms of experience, freedom and nature, each of them of course would inherit its own conditions a priori. Aristotle's book on the physics that looked beyond what is accessable directly through experience to its conditions was Metaphysics, so Kant simply applies this label to the same idea within ethics, making it two metaphysics distinguished by their objects: Although Virmaior's answer is compelling and of course correct, I would like to offer a more specific alternative that tries to make Kant's choice of titles comprehensible based on his own texts. Kant himself justifies and explains his wording in the preface of his Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals [GMM] (1785), and I suggest reading it as a whole for a better understanding. It is the most popular inequality index. Legitimacy just adds the conditional that the power has to be morally justified in its doings. Subjective principles are (in some sense) 'constitutional' for realising objects of the (particular, subjective) will, where a given representation [Vorstellung], and may it be a (kantian!) idea, regulatively determines the object that is produced by its realisation. (Representation -> Subjective principle -> Object) BUT in Ak. 436 it is clearly stated that "these three formulas" are "objectivly-practical" the same. While it is still heavily discussed which three formulations are meant here, it seems clear to me that they all only do highlight one aspect of the concept of the categorical imperative each, but do not loose their essential identity as types of it (the formulation from the later Critique of Practical Reason). So technically speaking, they are all the same and combining them does not add anything. If you are interested to learn more about the structure and values of the German Grundgesetz (basically, the first 17 articles represent the valuation of basic rights according to their order), there is an official translation available (also in PDF) here.