Justice, as a term of rights [Recht] is established by the implementation of a legal situation. As not having one is worse that having a bad one, revolution is prohibited. There is simply no justice in the state of nature. There is no way to guarantee "Mine and Thine" - thus to get into a legal situation, even coercion is allowed. To leave the state of nature has such a high priority for Kant, that to overthrow the legal system is simply not an option. If leaving the state of nature is a must, then returning to it must be prohibited. I'm not surprised by that statement, I'm just wondering if that's really an established dilemma, as it's depicted here, and if somebody knows of any papers addressing it in more detail, so I can do some reading on that. As the SEP writes on Kant's Social and Political Philosophy: As Kant writes, these leges latae (preliminary articles 2,3 and 4) "may be legitimately put off". Why does Kant establish the permission law? How can there be a law (especially in Kant's theory) that doesn't claim universal validity in absolutely every case? How can there be a "may" in Kant's moral theory, and even more, how can it be called a law? Why is it needed? Is it a logical need or rather a pragmatic, "timeserving" one (to explain why some changes do not have to be made right away)? And why does it exist in the natural law, but not in ethics? In a book on Aristotle's metaphysics I read a passage on the differences between his and Kant's categories. It says that the concept of categories, in both Aristotle's and Kant's case, wasn't conceived by observation of the outside world but is a reflexive concept. Then follows this sentence (my translation): The preliminary articles can be differentiated: All of them are prohibitive rules, but some (1,5 and 6) are "strictly valid without regard to circumstances". The other ones are permissive laws. It is these that got my attention. The transition from Newtonian to Relativistic notions of space in Astronomy is such a paradigm shift. Newtonian physics did not accommodate our measures of light's speed. So various things had to be shifted to accommodate this. This happened pretty cleanly, but other such transitions were not as quick. In a more materialist vein, I would propose that mechanism is the inborn subjective emotional feeling of 'clarity'. There are is a kind of combination that is most clear, across the species, and the result is a given shared substrate of assumptions that underly and become logic and mathematics. (The feeling that this basis is shared, and that we should delve into the shared aspects of it is most obvious in our experience of musical melody.) There is a lot of evidence we are equally aggressive about our construction of space: the timing of the ways we process 3D objects; the way we construct object constancy when fooled; the fact that we imagine we have full and constant coverage of our perceptual space even though a lot of the information we make it up of is very stale, and there are two big blind spots right near the middle of it, etc. (enter groupie mode) Daniel Dennett collects a lot of it, in Consciousness, Explained. (exit groupie mode) This -- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSopiOvWhMQ -- captures some of the highlights. The preliminary articles can be differentiated: All of them are prohibitive rules, but some (1,5 and 6) are "strictly valid without regard to circumstances". The other ones are permissive laws. It is these that got my attention. I'm not surprised by that statement, I'm just wondering if that's really an established dilemma, as it's depicted here, and if somebody knows of any papers addressing it in more detail, so I can do some reading on that. As Kant writes, these leges latae (preliminary articles 2,3 and 4) "may be legitimately put off". Why does Kant establish the permission law? How can there be a law (especially in Kant's theory) that doesn't claim universal validity in absolutely every case? How can there be a "may" in Kant's moral theory, and even more, how can it be called a law? Why is it needed? Is it a logical need or rather a pragmatic, "timeserving" one (to explain why some changes do not have to be made right away)? And why does it exist in the natural law, but not in ethics? In a book on Aristotle's metaphysics I read a passage on the differences between his and Kant's categories. It says that the concept of categories, in both Aristotle's and Kant's case, wasn't conceived by observation of the outside world but is a reflexive concept. Then follows this sentence (my translation): For a worse case, consider the definitions of mental disorders, these have been rewritten five times since the 30's. If I am running experiments on psychiatric drugs, that means that there are people who might not have met the diagnosis in DSM IV, but will in DSM VI. Whether or not my drug 'works', in the sense of reducing the symptoms of a given described disease, might depend on when I tested it. So Unity wins, it can be a category. Synthesis cannot. So as given, the statement is not expressed in a form we can reasonably make any a priori deduction about, for pretty much the reason we have ultimately given it up (since gravity in general relativity is an aspect of space, and not a force per se). In a more materialist vein, I would propose that mechanism is the inborn subjective emotional feeling of 'clarity'. There are is a kind of combination that is most clear, across the species, and the result is a given shared substrate of assumptions that underly and become logic and mathematics. (The feeling that this basis is shared, and that we should delve into the shared aspects of it is most obvious in our experience of musical melody.)