They looked over the wall and saw that the people had been transformed into monkeys. This is was specifically revealed about the People of the Book that they will not be forced to accept Islam when they pay Jizyah. The ones who will be forced are idolators, from them nothing will be accepted except Islam, and about them the verse 9:73 was revealed Anyone from whom Jizyah is accepted would become a Dhimmi and would be protected by the state and allowed to follow their religion, anyone from whom Jizyah would not be accepted would be given the choice between accepting Islam and death. Exceptions to this exist in peace treaties with non-Muslim polities9:4 and those given aman (safe conduct)9:6 . Matthew 4:21 Going on from there, he saw two other brothers, James son of Zebedee and his brother John. They were in a boat with their father Zebedee, preparing their nets. Jesus called them, Then to not do it (Quran 37:104-107): There is difference of opinion about who is referred to by qanit. Yahya bin Salam said: This refers to the Messenger of Allah (ﷺ). Ibn Abbas said, Zahak narrates from him, This refers to Abu Bakr and Umar, Ibn Umar said: This refers to Uthman Bin Affan. Muqatil said: This refers to Ammar bin Yasir. Kalbi said that this refers to Suhaib, Abu Zara and Ibn Masud. It is also narrated from Kalbi that this means every person who is in this state. Its similar to the Arabic Akhi (brother) which also has cognates in Hebrew where they include tribal relations and similarity of character: 2:98 Whoever is an enemy to Allah and His angels and His messengers and Gabriel and Michael - then indeed, Allah is an enemy to the disbelievers. Among the ancient Jewish rabbis who lived near the birth of Jesus, consider Yose ben Yoezer (Yose son of Yoeser), Joshua ben Perachiah (Joshua son of Perachiah), Judah ben Tabbi, Simeon ben Shetach, Eliezer ben Jose, Johanan ben Zakai, Joshua ben Hananiah, Simeon bar Yochai (Simeon son of Yochai) Then on the day of the conquest of Mecca, the Prophet commanded that he should be killed, even if he is clinging to the Kaabah. When this is proven in the Tafsir, then applying it to Muslims in general is not appropriate. And [mention, O Muhammad], when We took from the prophets their covenant and from you and from Noah and Abraham and Moses and Jesus, the son of Mary; and We took from them a solemn covenant. Except one who snatches [some words] by theft, but they are pursued by a burning flame, piercing [in brightness]. Quran 4:171 O People of the Scripture, do not commit excess in your religion or say about Allah except the truth. The Messiah, Jesus, the son of Mary, was but a messenger of Allah and His word which He directed to Mary and a soul [created at a command] from Him. So believe in Allah and His messengers. And do not say, "Three"; desist - it is better for you. Indeed, Allah is but one God. Exalted is He above having a son. To Him belongs whatever is in the heavens and whatever is on the earth. And sufficient is Allah as Disposer of affairs. Quran 5:73 They have certainly disbelieved who say, " Allah is the third of three." And there is no god except one God. And if they do not desist from what they are saying, there will surely afflict the disbelievers among them a painful punishment. There are many such verses in the Quran: There is an alternate opinion that they weren't physically transformed, but their hearts were sealed\hardened and "apes" is given as an example of their ignorance. From what I can gather, this is a very minority interpretation and based primarily on reasoning rather than narration. This is the most prevalent tafsir of the verse: The manuscript is dated to the time of the Sahabah*, and the variations are similar to what Islamic tradition ascribes to some of their copies.