Unfortunately for him, he's making the fourth claim, which PolitiFact rates as purely False: The record does not show it. As it happens FiveThirtyEight just posted an analysis of Sander's endorsement of Clinton, which includes a breakdown of poll results on a closely related question. If he maintained he opposed it in general (i.e. as it was happening), no one would question him. If he simply maintained that he opposed the war before it began, there would be reason to question it, but no one can really get inside his head to know. I haven't seen any polls which ask Sanders supporters about favorable/unfavorable status, but voting preferences make a good proxy. So, did he support the war? Aside from what seems to be a vague statement of agreement, Trump definitely did not support the war, but there's no evidence that he was opposed to it beforehand, either. This article from FactCheck.org and this one from PolitiFact investigate this claim, and the answer basically comes down to how you ask the question. Before the war, he made what he calls a "very light" statement in favor of it to Howard Stern on 9/11/02, which reads to me, as if he hadn't given much thought to it either way. As with almost everything politics-related, there's shades of gray between the two poles of "He opposed the war" and "He supported the war". Then, in January of 2003, he avoided giving an answer, instead saying "Either you attack or you don’t attack," and calling on Bush to make a decision. (See the first article for the full transcript). He was Gerald Ford's running mate and the Vice-Presidential candidate in the 1976 election. It’s a serious threat. Putin seeks to weaken the US, the EU, and NATO to the degree that they can no longer presume to call the shots without his agreement in international affairs. Since western governments are not ordinarily prepared for such stout challenges to their democracies, they are vulnerable to the weapons of doubt he is employing, mainly creating the impression that there are no indisputable facts, that anything could be true, and that everything is either already compromised, or could be. Since trust is the bedrock of democracy, this threatens social stability across the West. A country can only exit the agreement until 4 years after the agreement goes into effect. Since the agreement entered into force in November 2016, the US can only exit earliest in Nov 2020. 2. Exit the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) Article 28 also states: Also, how many presidential memoranda did former President Obama signed? (He signed 277 executive orders, according to CNN.) However, the President can weaken the enforcement of the Individual Mandate through executive action. He has in fact already signed an executive order that would weaken enforcement for all Americans to purchase insurance, should it be carried out. One can submit their taxes without filling out the insurance question, thus making enforcement more difficult. Article I, Section 7 of the US Constitution states that all legislative powers are vested in Congress. Is he unable to get funding? He relies on small-amount donors and he doesn't hold fundraisers as often unlike Clinton. Officials of the Trump campaign had also purportedly met with Russian officials during the campaign. Though this itself is not illegal, the investigation aims to find out the potential ties and links between them. Trump's campaign manager Paul Manafort, who resigned eventually, was also accused of having close ties to Russia. Also, Sessions didn't reveal during his confirmation hearing of his purported meetings between him and Russian officials. In response, he recused himself from the FBI investigation into the Russian hacking claims which he is overseeing. Why is Trump spending less than Hillary Clinton? There are a few reasons to this: However, the US can effectively ignore the agreement until its official exit as there are no consequences should a country not comply with it. Taxing remittances of illegal immigrants will not raise enough funds for a huge new border wall. For example, if John tells someone that he doesn't support Trump compared to Tom hacking a presidential candidate's emails and releasing potentially confidential and private emails that would reveal discussions within the campaign. This would give the public information that they aren't supposed to know. This source of funding is possible since almost $25 billion was remitted from the US to Mexico in 2016. What's the difference between an executive order and a presidential memorandum? But he did contribute another $10m to his campaign on Friday. He has promised to self-fund a total of $100 million to his campaign. 1. Through Congress Congress can pass laws to override an Executive Order, however the laws are subjected to the President's veto. Also, if the Russians are successful this time, they would try to interfere in future elections in the West, such as the French presidential election this year. In this way, they would try to elect leaders who are "more friendly" towards them and develop stronger bilateral ties which would benefit them and put them on the world stage. If so, it doesn't seem to be working. It actually depends. If you define "working" as leading in the polls, then there are other factors to take into account. His policies, his rhetoric, etc. also contributes to the success of the campaign. Many factors contributes to the measure of a campaign. The U.S. also has direct military involvement in Afghanistan in which their Taliban opponents who are actively trying to kill U.S. soldiers and U.S. allies and to wrest political control from a U.S. installed civilian government in Afghanistan. These efforts are actively supported by groups in Pakistan's tribal area to which the Taliban fled when it was defeated by a U.S. led coalition in Afghanistan. Dead soldiers are a higher priority than minor diplomatic gains by a country that is neither a true friend nor a true foe (i.e. China). So, any determination of who really drafted an executive order has to be based upon surmise from drafting style, from the roster of aides in a position to be given the assignment, and from any available inside sources who have first hand (or second hand or more remote) knowledge of how the executive order actually came to be. It is basically an epistomological position that recognizes that it is difficult or impossible to determine the truth of many political statements that often involve long chains of inference from objectively determinable facts that can have different answers when considered using different data.