I have three recommendations for you: 

Addendum: Depending on when my kids finally fall asleep, I have anywhere between zero and two hours for myself, but this time is normally not spent reading or with TV because there's grown-up stuff to do in the household -- maintenance, planning, preparations. Actual play time for myself is a rare and special treat... I'm sure that once my smallest son is old enough to be able to safely entertain himself for an hour or so, time for myself becomes available again. 

My kids and the neighbor's kid are all in the same kindergarten group. Despite having plenty of interaction there, they seek even more contact. That's not bad in itself, of course, but it's annoying that they climb onto the top of the swing set in order to see each other over the hedge and across the street - and then they yell really loud. 

Should we be worried? We don't know how to handle a situation like this. Any advice? 

I must mention that her social interactions haven't been affected that much (for example at school, her friends or her teachers see no difference in her behaviour whatsoever). 

4 weeks ago some weirdo shot at my balcony (probably for fun) with a gun used for practice. Anyway, the glass of my balcony door broke. At the same time my daughter of 6 was sitting just next to it, having her dinner. Of course that scared her a lot. My wife was at home at that time and took care of her immediately. 

Since then my daughter is generally scared to be alone. She wasn't before. Almost every night (she sleeps at 9pm), she wakes up at 3 or 4am (sometimes earlier) and comes to our bed and continues her sleep. She wasn't doing this before. Whenever something is suddenly heard (like the beep sound of the oven) in the house, she is startled. In general since then she is startled very easily. 

If he is being bullied at school, of course he is going to fantasize about a world where he is strong and tough and in control. This is normal, and is no unhealthier than a world where kids are bullied and have no advocates in the teachers who should be looking out for that. I'm sorry your son's school isn't doing a better job. The school my kids went to was outstanding in that regard. Zero tolerance for intolerance, and "bully awareness" in every grade. I took every opportunity I could to tell them how much I appreciated the job they were doing. Both my husband and I suffered a great deal of bullying in our childhoods because the schools were either ignorant or indifferent to the problem, and we are both so grateful that our children are being spared that. 

He sounds a lot like my son. Thirteen, argues with everything, does not do well on tests even though he knew the material when we quizzed him the night before, plays computer games to excess...