The only way to restore being in communion with the church is through the process(sacrament) of penance and reconciliation. This will by necessity be undertaken on a case-by-case basis by the ecclesial authority if the heretic sincerely desires to recant and return to the faith community. 

The assertion being made is much like asserting that the Soldiers aren't really the Army, but that the Generals are. As such, it takes on the character of a false dichotomy and is a flawed premise, since the Church as it exists isn't an either-or proposition. It is a both proposition. The two bodies require each other. (I am not sure if symbiosis is the proper term here for the relationship). 

141 1 Corinthians 11:18; ⇒ 14:19, ⇒ 28, ⇒ 34, ⇒ 35. 142 1 Corinthans 1:2; ⇒ 16:1. 143 1 Corinthians 15:9; ⇒ Galatians 1:13; ⇒ Philippians 3:6. 

1 If one was circumcised while alive, one's glorified body would likewise be ... but your question seems to be about a change due to becoming a glorified body as part of the glorification process 

Why is Eucharist observed in Catholic parishes every Sunday? Do they observe on other days too? Are Catholics obligated to attend the mass every Sunday? 

The angel of the Lord asked him, “Why have you beaten your donkey these three times? I have come here to oppose you because your path is a reckless one before me. (Numbers 22:32, NIV) 

[2418] It is contrary to human dignity to cause animals to suffer or die needlessly. It is likewise unworthy to spend money on them that should as a priority go to the relief of human misery. One can love animals; one should not direct to them the affection due only to persons. 

I noticed that Catholics dip their fingers in Holy Water kept mostly at the entrance to the Church and apply it on their forehead. 

Is there any specific liquid/water for it? 

Do not cook a young goat in its mother's milk. (Deuteronomy 14:21, NIV) 

A wooden piece from the True Cross, safeguarded inside an ornamented cross. 

Many Protestant churches observe the Lord's Supper once a month and some do it very rarely. If I'm not mistaken, the Catholics celebrate Eucharist every Sunday. 

What are the uses of Holy Water? 

How are first class relics prepared? They are preserved in special containers, after carefully cleaning them, perfuming them and repairing them if required. 

Do not muzzle an ox while it is treading out the grain. (Deuteronomy 25:4, NIV) 

The body of Saint Bernadette covered in wax, believed to be incorruptible by the Catholic church, after she was exhumed three times. 

Apostolic See decides what is to be done with the relics. 

The Catechism of the Catholic Church has useful information on how we should treat the animals. 

Do not slaughter a cow or a sheep and its young on the same day. (Leviticus 22:28, NIV) 

1 In the person of Christ the Head 

that the soul and physical being/body are joined at the time of conception 

Before I formed you in the womb I knew you, and before you were born I consecrated you. 

Under that framework, the simplest answer to the question comes from a discussion of the Vocation of Chastity. CCC 2337-2359 

The Catechism of the Catholic Church (Article 2270, in English): 

And the bishops shall carefully teach this,-that, by means of the histories of the mysteries of our Redemption, portrayed by paintings or other representations, the people is instructed, and confirmed in (the habit of) remembering, and continually revolving in mind the articles of faith; as also that great profit is derived from all sacred images, not only because the people are thereby admonished of the benefits and gifts bestowed upon them by Christ, but also because the miracles which God has performed by means of the saints, and their salutary examples, are set before the eyes of the faithful; that so they may give God thanks for those things; may order their own lives and manners in imitation of the saints; and may be excited to adore and love God, and to cultivate piety. But if any one shall teach, or entertain sentiments, contrary to these decrees; let him be anathema. 

Not all doctrines have the same value, but some may be deal breakers. A person is not ready to enter the Church if he does not believe in the Incarnation, or if he is militantly against a fundamental moral teaching. 

I had brought to my attention by @anonymouswho in comments on another question that the rendering of various Greek terms into 'worship' isn't as simple as I've presented it, and that the Greek proskuneó is a related term for this element of the answer regarding latria. 

While reading Louis Berkhof's Systematic Theology, I found him claiming that Catholicism makes an important distinction between the teaching church (ecclesia docens) and the hearing church (ecclesia audiens): 

However, this seems to contradict what Shelley writes next: 

It's perhaps worth noting that while the title of "Father" is no longer applied, the Catholic Church continues to recognize important contributors to theology/doctrine, calling them "Doctors of the Church." The most recent of these, Thérèse of Lisieux, died in 1897. 

The most relevant sections of the Catechism of the Catholic Church seem to be 662 and 664. The first focuses on Christ's priestly ministry: 

Much more detailed analysis of the whole affair can be found in other sections of the CE article, for a better understanding of the intriciacies of Honorius's letters and their place in the debate, and the subsequent condemnation. 

N.B. Some have taken the church's teaching of creationism of the soul (see Catechism 366) and argued that we don't know when God creates the soul in each person. That's likely the argument made by the abortionist you mention, but it's also the exact argument rebutted in Dignitas Personae. Human embryos, according to Roman Catholicism, are always human persons, and thus have souls from their very beginning.