The low tone (in the initial pretonic position): Ivanov 1999 (and earlier). He suggests that "the Indo-European particle/adverbial element *kom could be used both as an enclitic or as a proclitic." Ernout, Alfred, Antoine Meillet, and Jacques André. 2001. Dictionnaire étymologique de la langue latine: Histoire des mots. Paris: Klincksieck. cf. Leumann 1977 "Neben ab ob sub stehen die mit s erweiterten Formen abs- obs- subs- bzw. aps- ops- sups-, fast nur als Praeverbien [...] Die s-Formen stehen nur vor Tenues, besonders in altertuemlichen Komposita; oefters sind sie vereinfacht zu os- sus-, vor p auch as- [...]" (p. 157). "The word God is a relatively new European invention, which was never used in any of the ancient Judaeo-Christian scripture manuscripts that were written in Hebrew, Aramaic, Greek or Latin." affero < *at-fero < *ad-fero (recomposition also possible - adfero) Executive summary: I am very skeptical of your hypothesis/evidence and my answer is no. Second, we don't really know for sure when Verner's law started to function (in Proto-Germanic? Before or after Grimm's law?) and how long it functioned. Also, there have been several attempts to merge Grimm's and Verner's laws into one. Tronskii 1960, §232, 268. - Tronskiĭ, I. M. 1960. Istoricheskai︠a︡ grammatika latinskogo i︠a︡zyka. Moskva: Izd-vo lit-ry na inostrannykh i︠a︡zykakh. Morphologically, we have CeRC here (R stands for the resonant). offero < *op-fero (recomposition also possible - obfero) In a combination of a labial/velar followed by s+C, the first consonant (labial or velar) was lost: Fowler-3 (i.e. Burchfield 1996/2004) clarifies the confusion: the Greeks and Indo-Aryans borrowed words for 'sea' from non-IE languages; I'm not a Hebraist (nor a Semitologist) but here's what I've been able to find about the origin of the Hebrew proper noun "Gad". I strongly recommend looking it up at least in Klein 1987: in OE, there were both mere and sæ. Phrase stress: Bennett 1972, Quinlin 1991 (and also his 1989 dissertation), Hoptman 2002. However, Tsimmerling 2007 finds this analysis irrefutable. A general remark on etymology: Vaan, Michiel Arnoud Cor de. 2008. Etymological dictionary of Latin and the other Italic languages. Leiden: Brill. Mine is also a partial answer. I'm not commenting on the etymology of the Greek words in your question. effero < ec-fero (recomposition also possible - ecfero) In the case of Greek ἱερός, it's a different story. Sihler 1995 argues that In Latin, there was total regressive assimilation in a combination of an occlusive (Verschlusslaut) followed by f: Notice that when those terms were coined, they were used as Latin words. In other words, the Latin word "borealis" was used, not the name of a Greek god. Also note that the group "bt" in Latin was most likely pronounced [pt] (Tronskii 1960: 114). Prefixes ab-, ob-, and sub- are usually reconstructed as PIt. *ap-, *op-, and *sup- (Tronskii 1960: 113, de Vaan 2008). The term "aurora australis" was arguably first used in 1741 (OED) There's also another rule here: an intervocalic *s was lost in Greek (*s>*h>0) (Sihler 1995, §172). All athematic nouns have strong (e.g. nom. and acc. sg., nom.pl.) and weak cases (the rest). This is a really old problem and a lot of research has been written on this. Vasmer does indeed argue that it comes from Medieval (Byzantine) Greek, citing Theophanes' Chronographia, who described them as "haeretici in Phrygia et Lycaonia praecipue degentes". Some argue it is related to Ancient Greek θιγγάνω "touch" and translate the ethnonym as "untouched". My knowledge of Ancient Greek morphology is not good enough to critically evaluate this claim. Pfister 1977, §137.2. - Pfister, Raimund. 1977. Handbuch der lateinischen Laut- und Formenlehre. Band 1, Einleitung und Lautlehre. Heidelberg: Winter. There are several ways to tackle it: