According to the OED, an Averroist is 

(19) God loves souls, not works outside. 

The Catholic translations of Matthew 6:7 do not use the word "repetitions," which the Protestant translations use, probably in part to ridicule purely Catholic forms of prayer, like the Rosary. 

(24) Every distinction is foreign to God, either in nature or in person; it is proved that nature itself is one and this oneness, and any person is one and the oneness which is nature. 

St. Matthew 12:20 = Isaias 42:3. 

Before the Gospel is read, a Catholic makes signs of the cross, with the thumb, on his or her 

The Church never condemned Ockham's theories, although Ockham was excommunicated for leaving Avignon without permission. 

Protestants believe they always have perfect contrition, when the reality is most penitents do not (although they easily could, with God's grace), hence the necessity of Sacramental Confession to a priest. 

St. Thomas Aquinas's Catena Aurea ("Golden Chain") cites more Church Fathers on this verse, such as: 

The Greek uses the word "βατταλογήσητε," which means "babble", "prattle", "stammer." 

(7) Also he seeking anything here or there seeks evil and badly be cause he seeks the denial of good and the denial of God, and he prays God to be denied to him. 

The Doctor of the Church St. Robert Bellarmine (1542-1621) collected 40 cases—from Pope St. Peter to Pope Innocent VIII (reigned 1484-1492)—of where a pope or anti-pope was said to have erred in faith (i.e., proclaimed heresy) in the work 

The Church's Theological Notes or Qualifications Listed below are the so-called theological notes and their associated censures from the table in Sixtus Cartechini, S.J.'s 1951 work De Valore Notarum Theologicarum (On the Value of the Theological Notes), which confessors have used when dealing with erudite penitents. (It's also available in Italian translation.) The theological notes are a way of classifying the proximity of a theological proposition to revelation. (For a good history of the development of these notes, see The development of the theological censures after the Council of Trent: (1563-1709) by John Cahill, O.P.) 

Thus, the following critera must hold for a pope's statement to be ex cathedra: 

*The New American Bible (NAB) (and NABRE) translates φαρμάκων here as "magic potions." (source: Matt Gutting's comment below) 

The authoritative Magisterial source on IVF is Donum Vitae, a 1987 document from the CDF. It says that even if masturbation and grave danger to the life of the embryo could be avoided, IVF is still intrinsically immoral because it deprives the child of his God-given right to be procreated in an act of marital love. Look at section A.1, “Why must human procreation take place in a marriage?” 

the evil effect (the death of the children) is not the cause of the good effect (the lessening of the enemy's strength); 

From Roman Cholij's Priestly celibacy in patristics and in the history of the Church: 

Eckhart's propositions that Pope John XXII condemned are: (source: Denzinger's Sources of Catholic Dogma #501-529) 

There is only room for "reasonable interpretative variation" in the lowest of the notes (#9 and #10). As Pope Pius XII wrote in Humani Generis: 

Particular Examples For example, Pope Eugene IV did meet all these criteria in Cantate Domino (1442): 

(3) Likewise at the same time and once, when God was, when He begot the Son coeternal with Himself, through all things coequal God, He also created the world. 

the evil effect must not be intended for itself but only permitted; all bad will must be excluded form the act; 

[Examined and condemned in the edict In agro dominico, Mar. 27, 1329] 

(2) That God is not good nor better nor best; so I speak badly whenever I call God good, as if I should call white black. 

There are two ways of preventing miscarriages (spontaneous abortions): 

For more information on this, see the discussion on IVF in Health Care Ethics: A Theological Analysis by Benedict Ashley, O.P. ("Artificial Human Reproduction" on p. 86 of the PDF or §9.2 "Reproductive Technologies" of the EPUB) 

There are moral, more successful alternatives to IVF, such as Dr. Hilger's NaProTECHNOLOGY. You can find a NaPro doctor here. See also The NaProTechnology Revolution: Unleashing the Power in a Woman's Cycle and associated website.