Pokorny does not list a Slavic reflex, but Derksen 2008 gives žiēmą ‘winter’ < *ǵheim Night, fight, and wight are all pronounced with a final /-aɪt/ in Modern English. Their < -ght > spelling reflects the Middle English pronunciations, which had a final /-ixt/. (The digraph < gh > in MidEng represented the sounds /x/ or /ç/, which were also variously spelled < h >, < ch >, < ȝ >.) One thing to remember about English spelling is that for the most part it is "frozen", and reflects the Middle English pronunciation. Another thing to remember is that there has never been a standardized spelling for English, and individual judgment, errors, and a variety of dialects have played a large role in how words are spelled. So every question about English spelling has to be considered in light of these two major issues. Gk νότος notos was the South wind of the Greeks. I have no idea what its etymology is. 1 Note, The 1838 Bosworth is available online but the scanner cut off part of the page in question. The later Bosworths don't give the same cognate information. Your compound examples are mostly calques, usually from German into Slavic but in fact often ultimately from Latin or French or Italian into both German and Slavic, in the middle ages. glitz/glitzy entered English via Yiddish, but has nothing to do with Galicia. So why would somebody in Hungary have chosen Szakal (Sakal in other orthographies) in the 18th, 19th or 20th century? English cane would seem to share such an etymology. It is only in East Slavic that the Russian meaning occurs - not in Iranic, not in Turkic nor in South Slavic. de weise is more directly cognate with en wise, whereas de wissen is directly cognate with en wit, which until recently was also a verb. their ethnicity as understood in the 19th or 20th century (Görög, Nemet, Tót, Székely, Örmény, Oláh, Rácz) OR country of origin some personal characteristic (Féher, Nagy) the original rendering of their original non-Hungarian surname (Wigner, Neumann) We can see similarly haphazard interplay between German and Czech happening today with all the internationalisms and calques from English, like Schadesoftware and škodlivý software, and the occasional use of a cognate even when the meaning is confused, Seite and stránka (to mean page and site, even though both literally mean page), and other cases where Czech went its own way, for example the translations of download and upload. Sounds have no meaning per se. Besides a few ideophones, human language is arbitrary. So stress pattern borders and the language and language family borders are different. Pronunciation, including intonation, including stress, is a prime example of a potentially areal feature, rather than a feature that is losslessly passed down via language families. According to ancestry.com, Sakal is a Jewish (Sephardic): occupational name for someone who polished wood, gems, metals, or armor, from Arabic ?saqqal ‘polisher’. Hungarian (Szakál): descriptive nickname from Hungarian szakál ‘beard’, Turkish sakal. Yes, a few: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Category:Ancient_Greek_terms_derived_from_Sumerian the personal name of their father or ancestor (Ádám, Lázár, Benes) They were mostly borrowed via Akkadian, and into other major classical languages of the Eastern Mediterranean beside Ancient Greek - Aramaic, Armenian, Persian, Hebrew... Yes, en wise and de wissen share a root, but not as recently as Levenstein distance would suggest.