On the other hand, David Cameron is already helping this scenario. The very fact that he wants to avoid the "activation of Article 50" – he doesn't want to send the letter to the European Commission saying that the departure process is being officially started and he wants his successor to do it – means nothing else than the fact that Cameron wants his successor to have the freedom to decide whether the letter is sent at all. 

To summarize, the causal relationship goes exactly in the opposite direction than you suggest. Whether the U.K. is a member or not is an important condition that determines many aspects of the life of the country. It's not true in the opposite direction, as you suggest, that its membership can be "calculated" from the way what the life in the country actually looks like. 

One must realize that the departure of the U.K. has the other side as well. The EU will try to influence things in various ways. I think that the most important EU officials have understood that a majority of the Britons isn't really compatible with the kind of the EU they want to build. So politicians like Juncker probably actively want the U.K. to leave. But as discussed in a previous question, they have no legally prescribed procedures to expel a member state. The referendum result means nothing from the perspective of the EU law – only the letter activating Article 50 would. 

EU officials’ pensions: Like the UK civil service pension scheme, the Pension Scheme of European Officials (PESO) is an unfunded scheme and operates on a ‘pay-as-you-go basis’, with costs being covered by the annual EU Budget as they arise. 

2. Large population Poland is much larger than other low-income EU countries. It has a population of 38.5 million, compared with 19.8 million in Romania. 

To sum up, items the UK will be expected to pay for include: 

Contingent liabilities: The EU incurred contingent liabilities while the UK was a member state. These liabilities effectively constitute payments that would be triggered in specific circumstances only, for example, Ukraine defaulting on its EU loan. 

3. Large agricultural sector Farms are eligible for funding under the EU Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), and Poland has a lot of farms -- although its agricultural sector has consolidated into fewer and larger farms since it joined the EU. 

However, it is worth noting that the governments of the EU27 are democratically elected, and have a responsibility to protect the interests of their people as they perceive them. They will not simply give the UK everything it wants, and would be failing in their duties if they did so. Farage can call it bullying if he so wishes, but this is how international negotiations work. 

Items (1) and (2) together increase Poland's eligibility for investment from the EU's Structural Funds and Cohesion Fund. 

So the EU is able to insist on certain conditions, such as the sequencing of negotiation topics, and there is very little the UK can do to stop it. Whether this constitutes "bullying" is a matter of opinion. 

Outstanding budget commitments: The EU Budget operates through a multi-annual spending structure, which means projects are paid for over a period of several years. As a result, EU Budget payments are back-loaded and many will be paid out post-Brexit. 

The CAP explains why France receives much more EU funding than the UK, even though they have similar population and income. 

A combination of: 1. Low per capita income While not among the very poorest countries in the EU, Poland is far from being the richest. Per capita income in Poland is $12680, compared with $43660 in Germany and $9470 in Romania. This means Poland's per capita contribution to the EU budget is comparatively low. 

(Text of list items is from the above link) 

Theoretically, the EU could impose trade sanctions on the UK or take action through the International Court of Justice. At a minimum, it would probably refuse to conclude any other post-Brexit agreements with the UK, which by itself would have severe consequences for the UK economy. 

First of all, Nigel Farage has literally made a career out of denigrating the European Union. No matter what actions the EU takes, Farage will continue to insult it. That's what he does. 

Yes, de iure, it is possible for the future prime minister to be someone who is determined not to pay attention to the referendum. Because the U.K. Parliament picks the prime minister, it would almost certainly have to mean that a majority of the lawmakers finds this attitude acceptable, too. The only problem is that this politician and those who adopt his or her attitude are flagrantly dismissing the will of the people. It's something not expected in the U.K. which is one of the cradles of democracy, freedom, and capitalism. 

The EU laws don't allow any official procedure to expel a member state from the union (they only make it possible to strip a nation of some voting rights etc.). The EU leaders are currently very impatient because a prolonged uncertainty about the status of the U.K. will energize "exit" movements in other countries. (Angela Merkel differs from the EU Commission etc., she says that there's no reason to hurry.) 

On the other hand, David Cameron is already helping this scenario. The very fact that he wants to avoid the "activation of Article 50" – he doesn't want to send the letter to the European Commission saying that the departure process is being officially started and he wants his successor to do it – means nothing else than the fact that Cameron wants his successor to have the freedom to decide whether the letter is sent at all.