Jesus' Eyes Were on the Prize In conclusion, Jesus' agony in the garden was not evidence of his being abandoned by the Holy Spirit; quite the opposite in fact. During the time that Jesus "was deeply grieved, to the point of death" (John 38), he was not only ministered to by an angel of God (Luke 22:43), but when he rose from his prostrate position, and with great resolve, he said to his dozing disciples, 

He, of course, was the supreme example of love, which perhaps gave birth to the saying that the "11th Commandment" is to love one another as Jesus has loved us (see John 13:34; cf. Philippians 2:3 ff.). In other words, sacrifice, selflessness, and an others-orientation are perhaps the hallmarks of true Christians. 

In conclusion, as good as our technological tools are today for communicating around the world at the speed of light, nothing can replace the face-to-face interactions of God's people (whether for church discipline, prayer, or simply fellowship) who desire to On the other hand, there are times when Christians are to USE good judgment, particularly since they have a mandate to preach the gospel and make disciples. Times come, however, when the audience to our witnessing to the truth in Christ Jesus will confront us with hostility, hatred, and even occasionally violence. In situations such as those, Jesus does not expect us to continue being his witnesses to such hostile audiences. 

Furthermore, the very existence of the three-fold division of the Hebrew Scriptures into the Chumash or Torah, (Law); Neviim (Prophets); and Kesuvim (Writings); shows that the readers and interpreters of the Old Testament documents during the years when they were in the process of becoming the organic Canon of the Tanach (the date of its completion being hotly disputed!) were well aware of genres and also different categories of content within God's written Word (e.g., aggadic content--the non-law oriented and chiefly homiletical subject matter, and halakha--the received laws within the 24 books of the tripartite division of the Hebrew Scriptures). In conclusion, what God created good, man spoiled. There is no contradiction between these two facts. Second, statements such as "be not over-righteous or over-wise" have a primary application to living life among the "heathen," shall we say. In modern parlance, we might say, Jesus changed Simon Bar-Jonah's name to Peter (viz., a stone) because Jesus knew what would transpire in Matthew 16, where Peter would utter those famous words: 

he was filled with peace, for as the writer to the Hebrews says in his description of Jesus' anguish, Moreover, Satan is well organized and systematic in his assault on anything and everything God calls good. Aided by a hierarchy of demons under his control, the hallmarks of his cosmos--the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life (1 John 2:16)--are evident in every society and culture in the world: from the blatant consumerism and materialism of the minority world, to the oppressive political and religious regimes in the majority world, the latter of which are manifested in atheistic communism and radical Islam, for example.