The general tradition in Russia itself, at least before the Revolution, was that the Bolshoi Russky were the "original Russians", meaning the Rus tribe itself, and were a major group of Varangians (the oath takers). They came during 400-500 A.D. The little Russians were Scandinavians who came later during the Tuetonic invasions 800 A.D. to 1200 A.D. It is difficult to verify such things because they are oral traditions. I am merely repeating what the Bolshoi Russky, or people close to them, have told me. In any case, before the Revolution there was a clear difference in physiology and culture which differentiated the two different kinds of Russians and was obvious at the time. There was a "negotiation" in the sense that the victors decided how to divide up the spoils, but Germany was not party to these negotiations, so I guess it depends how you define "reparations". It was certainly not reparations in the WWI sense of the word. The Potsdam agreement between the allies has a "reparations" clause as follows: The middle class: there most certainly was a middle class. In England the middle class included two main types of people: villains and yeoman. A villain was a tenant farmer who was bound to the land, a serf. A yeoman owned his own land. Most tradespeople, crafters and technicians were yeomen. The reasons given for these restrictions are given out as to "preserve historic skylines" and "improve the quality of life of workers". However, these reasons are just nonsense, because you can find the same restrictions in bombed out cities like Munich that have no longer have a "historic" skyline. Children: very young children had no clothes, but a blanket, but when they got to be 3 or 4 they might get a tunic, unless their parents were really poor. There was no school so children just ran around and did what they wanted unless they had chores to do or work given by their parents. Once a child was about 6-8 they could work doing sewing and other simple chores, feeding hogs or whatever. Poor families sometimes put their children to work against their will to help earn money to eat. This would result in runaways. Traditionally in Russia white is the color associated with what is noble and good, whereas black (chorny) is the color of what is low and mean. So, all things noble were described as white, and things brutish black. So, for example, a Czarist fief immune from taxes would be a "white estate" and a vassal estate subject to taxes would be a "black estate". Likewise, capital cities where the noble lived would be "white cities" like Belgrade, for example, but a ramshackle or occupied city would be a "black city". Thus, "white russia" simply means the good part of Russia and this part of the country has been called that for at least 500 years. Life in medieval times was in the way you are asking not much different than it is now. You may want to read The Canterbury Tales by Chaucer. In many of the stories he paints a picture of day to day life in medieval England and you will see it was not too much different than things are now. 

Comments on the Battle of Mohi (1241) 

I would particularly note that the part of the Russia facing and within Poland was formerly known as "Black Russia" (Russia Nigra) in contradistinction to White Russia, which was a crown land of the Czar hence the noble part of Russia. This consideration alone I think eliminates the animal explanation as a red herring and reinforces the dominant view (of Voltaire, et al) that the White refers to the noble or Czarist part of the country. So, to pick a date, that would be about 1000 A.D. that was the turning point. 

As you can see, it is identical to William's baton. William simply imitated Charles and used the same style of baton, even though he had no intention of claiming to be Constable of France. For William, it was just a plain marshal's baton. Phillip II, Charles' son, and Phillip III, his grandson also used exactly the same style of baton. 

Its important to realize that the vast majority of sex was "consensual", if you consider a woman prostituting herself for food consensual. Virtually everyone in France, Italy, Austria and Germany was starving by the time the Americans arrived so a woman could be bought with half a tin of food or any kind of currency (cigarette/chocolate) which the woman could convert to food later. 

What is definitely known is that the first recorded introduction of cannon to China was in 1621 when the emperor requested three cannon and crews of the Portuguese resident in Macao, and in 1636 to fight certain of the Manchus then invading the Jesuits were asked by the emperor to teach the Chinese the casting of cannon. The next development was that Ferdinand Verbiest directed the acquisition of some hundred small cannons for the emperor in addition to his construction of astronomical instruments for them. That the Chinese (and Manchu) had no prior knowledge whatsoever of guns or ballistic propellants is evident from the accounts of the Portuguese.