Concerning the question of responsability in your question: I am not sure it is relevant. In any case we are not responsible for a disease. Diseases, biological or mental, can be innate or acquired (or prevalence can be innate), so the question of whether it is intrinsic to us or can be change is irrelevant too. Perhaps we are more responsible of our character flaws: it's up to us to change our behaviour. To some extent, people can recover from mental diseases too. That does not mean they can be held responsible for their disease in any case. 

http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/mental-illness/ http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/health-disease/ 

In sum, the conjecture today is that ultimate physics will be computable and it's an unlikely conjecture. Actual physics is not computable for many foundational reasons. 

Even if all physical systems can be reproduced using some physical material (say you reproduce the structure of a living cell from similar molecular components), that doesn't mean you can compute them. You only make physical copies of physical systems. Imagine that the only way to reproduce consciousness is creating a physical brain made out of similar organic components (neurons, ...) rather than implementing a software on a turing machine. Then strong AI would be impossible: computers are made out of transistors, not neurons, and you won't ever get the same result on a silicon computer, or any turing machine, even though dualism is false. Some philosophers would argue that it is not. For example Wittgenstein argued that all doubts must hinge on some background knowledge otherwise it becomes meaningless: doubt occurs within the context of things undoubted (you can read "on certainty"). After all, claiming that we are brains in vats requires that "brain" and "vat" are meaningful words. Similarly Putnam argued that the idea that we are brains in vats is inconsistent because then "vat" wouldn't have the meaning we think it has ("vat" has meaning only if it refers to things external to ourselves) and this belief is self refuting. 

Contemporary physicists cannot calculate the structure of complex molecules (up to a few atoms), even with huge computational capacities: they ask chemists to do this. Another related question is whether they are actually diseases, or social constructs. Psychological and social phenomena are interrelated in a complex way (think of sects or religious fanatism for example: they are kinds of delusions). This is probably not the case for autism (where genetic factors and brain structural causes have been identified) but again things are more complex for bipolarity schyzophrenia and depression. In any case, if they are diseases, their nature is different from biological diseases: the sense in which an organism is healthy is much more clear than the sense in which a mental is healthy. Definitions of mental health can vary in time and social contexts, and there is probably a continuity with "character flaws" as you mention, or fanatism, etc. Mental diseases are generally defined in terms of suffering by modern psychiatry, but mental suffering is different from physical pain: it is much more subjective (it is controversial whether there is a consistent notion of "pain" covering mental and physical pain) and, again, it is interrelated with social aspects. There are also different non orthodox schools (again a sign that the field is not mature) for example approaches inspired by existantialism and phenomenology which pretend to be less reductive (proposal include relating psychosis to attitudes toward time: depression lives too much in the past, schyzophrenia in the present, bipolarity in the future. E.g. Maldiney). 

You could argue that it's not necessary to have all physical information: the substrate does not matter, only the "software" (the higher level) matters... But this is question begging. Why wouldn't the substrate matter for consciousness? Only when strong AI will be a success we'd know that it's the case. 

Edit: here are some reasons why contemporary physics is not computable: