I'm currently hitchhiking through Yunnan, China and I've noticed that the city Kunming usually sounds more like "Kuiming" or "Kweeming" or "kwəming". Even Google Translate produces the last when you get it to speak aloud. Is this due to a phonological process in Chinese? Or is it one of the quirks of pinyin, which isn't so transparent for a newcomer? Or could it be a Yunnan pronunciation quirk due to Mandarin/Standard Chinese not being people's native dialact down here? But are there some less well-known languages that have three or more contrasting trills? So is this a case of language pride or is Czech really the only language with this sound? So which if any of these is Albanian "ll" most like? Czech has special sound which to me seems to be a voiced trilled r. It is written as "ř". But I think tone sandhi is going to change it again so I'll provide an update when I have one... Czech speakers always seem to tell me that it's unique and that foreigners can never pronounce it. I actually can pronounce it though I have trouble with lots of other language sounds so for me it doesn't feel so exotic or difficult. The English Wiktionary doesn't yet provide IPA for this term but I'm requesting it. In the meantime, by piecing together pieces of other entries there I'd say the current editors working on Chinese would render it into IPA this way: Naturally, other analyses have been proposed, too. For example, a diphthong is treated as a vowel plus a semivowel or another vowel (McCarthy 1952). Thus, you end up having a diphthong consisting of two phonemes under those approaches. Peter Roach (2009) mentions that this view was "almost universally accepted by American (and some British) writers from the 1940s to the 1960s, and still pervades contemporary American descriptions" (p. 104). Roger Lass (1984) argues that analyzing a diphthong as a vowel plus a semivowel /j/ or /w/ is a "shaky position" (p. 138). He also convincingly dismisses the approach proposed in SPE (Chomsky and Halle), characterizing it as "seem[ing] close to lunacy" (p. 138). Bruce Hayes (2008) concludes that the "fewer-phonemes-the-better" analysis is not an iron-clad argument and that the segment/sequence problem is still "an unsettled one in phonology" (p. 57). Andrew Sihler (Sihler 1995) argues that Greek is "the only centum language [...] attesting a contrast between reflexes of ḱw and *kʷ". In Greek "two distinct sounds *ḱw give a double consonant medially, while the unitary *kʷ gives a single consonant" (p. 159). For example, So why did they need special letters for sounds before /s/? Because The Velar + S letter is Xi (Ξ ξ /ks/), which was the letter you used when velar stops occurred before Sigma. (Note, by the way, that this letter is not "X" but "Ξ".) Alpha, for instance, represented a post-velar consonant -- glottal stop [ʔalif] -- in Punic (and still does in Hebrew and Arabic), but it represents the vowel /a/ in the Greek alphabet, and has since then in the Latin. These labiovelar consonants wound up in Greek smeared all across the mouth as labials, dentals, or velars. Occasionally, as with the reflexes of *kʷel- 'wheel', one can find all three: One good example is what happened to PIE labiovelars in Greek. At some point, Greek lost its labiovelar consonants as such. Classical Greek has three consonant series Basically, vowels are syllable nuclei, and consonants are syllable peripheries. Consonants are the sounds that don't occur in the middle of a syllable, and vowels are the ones that do.