I don't want to claim either that the United Kingdom is much better in any of these regards. After all, the supreme court of the UK is quite weak due to the doctrine of parliamentary sovereignty, their super-injunctions are a powerful and often abused media control tool and their surveillance infrastructure is second only to that of the US. But in the UK this was a slow process. By the way, demanding a new general election because people are unhappy with the prime minister does not make much sense, because the prime minister is not elected by the general public. The general public vote the members of the parliament and then the parliament decides who becomes prime minister (technically the monarch decides, but practically they always pick the one the parliament wants). So when the UK public wants a new prime minister, they should petition the parliament to ask the queen to appoint someone else. A reelection does not necessarily reach that goal because the new parliament could just pick the same prime minister again. Doing an EU-wide referendum on such questions might be a theoretical possibility, but not required and most of all not practical. They need to make those offers now, because the UK referendum is imminent. When these concessions would only be offered under the additional condition that the other EU citizens agree, the influence of that offer would be greatly reduced. A member of a party who doesn't agree with the party leadership (and doesn't have enough backing to vote a different leadership) has no option but to leave the party. Those who are loyal to the current leadership keep the party name and the "rebels" form a new party. A party has an elected leadership. The difference in this case is that Prince Charles already has two heirs from his first marriage with the deceased Princess Diana Spencer (Prince William and Prince Henry). Should he have another child with Camilla Parker Bowles (very unlikely, considering that she was 57 when they married and is now 68), that child would be 5th in succession after Charles, and would get further pushed back by future children and grandchildren of William and Henry. That means his marriage is of little concern for the throne succession. Also, Camilla Parker Bowles is the daughter of a 3rd baron, so she has at least a bit nobility. Also, back then Edward VIII could not even have married her according to the Church of England. At that time the church did not allow divorced people to remarry as long as their ex-spouse is still alive. That means as far as the English Church was concerned, his children would have been born out of wedlock, which would have questioned their legitimacy. The churches opinion in this case is important, because the King of England is also the head of the Church of England. The head of the kingdom and head of the church living in a marriage not recognized by the church and expecting the children of said marriage to take the throne after them would have been difficult, to say the least*.