Suppose we have a (very) simple transformation grammar: 6) Last but not least, Solresol is a musical language employing a similar, though less strictly compositional way of composing meaning1: Although, as the other examples, originially inteded as a univeral language aiding culture independent communication, it is nowadays I know the question has been marked as answered, but I'm not entirely happy with what was said so far, so I'd like to add my understanding of the terms: Sidenote on the correct translation of Sinn and Bedeutung: It is true that the translation of the terms Sinn and Bedeutung is not as easy. Actually, I would argue that the English set of terms is a more suitable one: Bedeutung is, in ordinary language use, mostly understood as something more intensional, while denotation makes it clear that we refer to a particular instance of that meaning in an actual world. Sense is a direct translation of Sinn, and probably more staightforward to interpret, although sense is probably not something you would find a lot in the terminology of more recent semantic research. To summarize, they are not exactly identical in that an adverb phrase is headed by a lexical adverb while an adverbial phrase isn't necessarily, but they are identical in their syntactic function (modifying verbs, VPs, sentences etc.) and this is what is relevant in syntactic analysis - after all, playing the same role as lexical adverbs in a sentence is the very reason why they are called so. And as long as they serve to distinguish a certain class of constituents, the mere etymology of a term shouldn't bother one too much. Some further information that is related to the problem: Rather, the terms can roughly be translated to the more recent semantic notions of intension and extension: As curiousdannii pointed out, the statement about morphemes and words is linguistically not corret, but if it were, we could use the same description. 1 It's also partially redundant because e.g. derivational morphemes are always bound (except there are some very weird language where this isn't the case; in this case feel free to correct me). Maybe it would sound better if you switched the order and said "bound inflectional morpheme", because the latter implies the former and putting the more specific thing first and as a second description what is already implied anyway (like "inflectional bound") sounds a bit clumsy to my ears. But that's just hair-splitting. One should differentiate between, on the one hand, the (logical) relation between the actual objects referred to by the words, and, on the other hand, the (linguistic) relation between the words themselves (i.e. the signs that denote these objects).