The free market response is to allow each individual to control their own consumption and production. The combined decisions of everyone form the market. Communism has yet to develop a practical replacement that works. 

One of the consequences of the dollar being the reserve currency is the United States' persistent trade deficit (the Triffin dilemma). In order for the world economy to function, the USA has to produce enough dollars to cover all the domestic and foreign uses. If it fails to do so, there will be deflation. A side effect of deflation is economic slowness, as there isn't enough money to support all the necessary transactions. 

In the real world The other problem is that most countries lack the economic power to insist on foreign residents paying their taxes. The foreign residents would repudiate their citizenships to save money. That's happening with United States citizens now. Some relatively recent changes have led to larger tax bills and expatriation. A more aggressive tax collection may make it harder to switch directions and return to the original country. That would be the reverse of the intended effect. 

Countries have the same incentive. It is better to "waste" some subsidy by allowing other countries to take advantage of it than to waste the citizen's potential by not paying for the education. And most countries lack the leverage to force payment from the recipients. Neither other countries nor the individuals will pay. 

Why don't businesses only loan the money to their employees? It's quite possible that their employees wouldn't take the loans as much as they do the subsidies. So their employees would provide fewer benefits from education at lower costs. But if the benefits outweigh the costs, that's a net loss to the business. They are better off wasting some subsidy than giving up some of the benefit. 

As I said, the US actually does require citizens everywhere to pay taxes. It's part of the cost of citizenship. If we look at the states as individual countries, we get back to the different kind of costs. Would states be better off with more unemployed, uneducated citizens who use state resources and do not pay taxes? Or are they better off with educated citizens leaving and not using services, even though they don't pay taxes? Also remembering that some educated citizens stay.