From http://www.bible.ca/tongues-slain-in-spirit.htm come the following scriptures, which the website says charismatics use to prove the biblical basis of being slain in the Spirit. And why not? God has been and always will be worthy of praise, glory, and honor. What a privilege, then, is ours as mere children of clay to be allowed to join, on earth and someday in heaven, with the angelic host in ascribing praise, glory, and honor to God and to the Lamb forever and ever by virtue of God's grace in redeeming us through His Son's blood and the new birth. In conclusion, I suggest you mediate on Isaiah 53:10-12, as should we all: We are also told in Scripture that a torrent of abuse heaped upon Jesus, by many of those who witnessed the travail of His soul, by the religious leaders who had condemned Jesus to death, by the soldiers who crucified Him, by the observers at the cross who witnessed His life and public ministry, and by the two thieves who were crucified next to Him (one of whom repented and was forgiven by Jesus) 

To crush Him, putting Him to grief; 

Prayer changes things. It also changes people! Christians are to grow in their faith by being in a community of believers. "Lone Ranger Christians" are out of place both in the body of Christ and in a local body of believers. We need one another. We complement one another. We exercise our spiritual gifts in the context and under the authority of an assembly's leadership, whatever form that might take (e.g., elders, deacons, or pastors/ministers/priests/bishops/rectors, to name but a few). Even--or perhaps especially--those with the gift of evangelist, while their ministry is out in the world, need the prayers and fellowship of other believers if they want their gift to be blessed by God. 

Rev. 1:17 - And when I saw him, I went down on my face at his feet as one dead. And he put his right hand on me, saying, Have no fear; I am the first and the last and the Living one. 

I'm sure God is not the least bit offended by the sentiment expressed by Hank Williams, Jr., in one of his songs, though Williams's theology does need a little fine-tuning: And then there is Genesis 1:26: When Mary reached the place where Jesus was and saw him, she fell at his feet and said, "Lord, if you had been here, my brother would not have died." When Jesus saw her weeping, and the Jews who had come along with her also weeping, he was deeply moved in spirit and troubled. "Where have you laid him?" he asked. "Come and see, Lord," they replied. Jesus wept. Then the Jews said, "See how he loved him!" But some of them said, "Could not he who opened the eyes of the blind man have kept this man from dying?" 

Notice how Peter tells us to be "ready to give an answer." That means we are to wait until people question us, and not vice versa. When they ask us about why we seem to be at peace, why we live by a higher standard than many people, why we seem to care about people, and so on, we then are free to "give an answer" to them. Giving an answer, by the way, means literally "to make a defense," which of course is the art of apologetics. That, however, is a subject for a different question! 

The answer to your question (assuming there is one) needs to be approached indirectly. The scene Isaiah describes in his chapter six, as well as almost the entire book of Revelation, gives us an inkling of what God's heaven is like. We sing the chorus (in part), "Angels bow before Him, Heaven and earth adore Him, What a mighty God we serve!" Well, the unfettered worship and adoration of our ineffable God may very well have been going on uninterrupted long before Genesis 1:3. On the contrary, they worshiped many gods, and quite often that “worship” of their gods and idols involved not only superstition, myths, and evil practices, but it tended to contribute to the moral decay of their nations. Just as Christians today are to be "salt" and "light" in a corrupt and spiritually dark world, so too were the children of Israel to be a beacon of light in the midst of the cultural decay of their time. 

That experiential, existential, relational forgiveness harkens back, of course, to the positional and judicial forgiveness which Jesus proffers to all who call upon the name of the Lord to be saved. That is why John says that God 

"Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we , being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed." 

Second, Daniel's experience was unexpected, whereas people fully expect to be slain in the spirit. The purpose of the manifestation to Daniel was to reveal a significant prophetic word to God's prophet. Next, while Daniel was overcome the angel touched him and gave him strength. This is something we do not see in today's services. I have seen multitudes fall, but none received supernatural strength. Notice also that Daniel fell face forward, whereas almost one hundred percent of charismatics who are slain in the Spirit fall backward; hence the need for catchers, since it is very difficult to catch people who are falling forward. It is interesting to note that in the biblical accounts when people have fallen, it is the sinners who fall backwards (John. 18:6). There simply is no legitimate manner in which this verse can be used to shore up a doctrine of being slain in the Spirit.