Kennedy won Illinois by less than 9,000 votes out of 4.75 million cast, or a margin of 0.2%.[43] However, Nixon carried 92 of the state's 101 counties, and Kennedy's victory in Illinois came from the city of Chicago, where Mayor Richard J. Daley held back much of Chicago's vote until the late morning hours of November 9. The efforts of Daley and the powerful Chicago Democratic organization gave Kennedy an extraordinary Cook County victory margin of 450,000 votes—more than 10% of Chicago's 1960 population of 3.55 million,[49] although Cook County also includes many suburbs outside of Chicago's borders—thus barely overcoming the heavy Republican vote in the rest of Illinois. Earl Mazo, a reporter for the pro-Nixon New York Herald Tribune, investigated the voting in Chicago and "claimed to have discovered sufficient evidence of vote fraud to prove that the state was stolen for Kennedy."[43] 

She continued, providing this example: “Richard Nixon not challenging... that Kennedy had stolen the election in 1960, which obviously had been stolen in 1960.” It’s rare for liberal journalists to admit the electoral fraud of the dead voting for Kennedy in Illinois. (Voter fraud also occurred in Lyndon Johnson’s Texas.) JFK’s popular vote margin was just over 100,000 votes out of 70 million cast. Newsbusters.org 

However, a special prosecutor assigned to the case brought charges against 650 people, which did not result in convictions.[42] Three Chicago election workers were convicted of voter fraud in 1962 and served short terms in jail.[42] Mazo, the Herald-Tribune reporter, later said that he "found names of the dead who had voted in Chicago, along with 56 people from one house."[42] He found cases of Republican voter fraud in southern Illinois, but said that the totals "did not match the Chicago fraud he found."[42] After Mazo had published four parts of an intended 12-part voter fraud series documenting his findings which was re-published nationally, he said, "Nixon requested his publisher stop the rest of the series so as to prevent a constitutional crisis."[42] Nevertheless, the Chicago Tribune (which routinely endorsed GOP presidential candidates, including Nixon in 1960, 1968 and 1972) wrote that "the election of November 8 was characterized by such gross and palpable fraud as to justify the conclusion that [Nixon] was deprived of victory."[42] Had Nixon won both states, he would have ended up with exactly 270 electoral votes and the presidency, with or without a victory in the popular vote. 

Jill Stein has commented on this, specifically in the article "Why 5% for the Green Party is a win for America" Link 

New Hampshire (4) and Michigan (16) were both late in confirming their totals. Canvassing in both states need to occur 

Given the above, it's not surprising that 1000s of illegal immigrants are on the voter registration rolls 

Depending on state regulations, voters can be removed for mental incapacity or a criminal conviction (see NCSL’s Felon Voting Rights page for information on the varied state requirements for persons with felony convictions to regain voting rights). 

The state receives reliable second-hand information that the voter has moved (through the United States Postal Service, for example) AND the voter doesn’t respond to a confirmation mailing sent by the state AND the voter fails to vote or appear to vote between the time the confirmation mailing was sent and the second federal general election. 

Divining motivations is tricky. Without explicit statements of the individuals, or testimony from those close to them that know them well, we are guessing. And even then, statements or testimony may not be the truth or the entire truth. 

Could they cast provisional ballots? Yes, Answered by SJuan 

NH remains a tight contest with about 2600 vote difference in favor of Clinton. The AP which calls most races, still hasn't called it, although CNN, and NH papers have declared Clinton the victor. Link After canvassing, NH could be required by its own laws for a mandatory recount. 

Nixon's campaign staff urged him to pursue recounts and challenge the validity of Kennedy's victory in several states, especially in Illinois, Missouri, and New Jersey, where large majorities in Catholic precincts handed Kennedy the election.[42] However, Nixon gave a speech three days after the election stating that he would not contest the election.[42] The Republican National Chairman, Senator Thruston Ballard Morton of Kentucky, visited Key Biscayne, Florida, where Nixon had taken his family for a vacation, and pushed for a recount.[42] Morton did challenge the results in 11 states,[43] keeping challenges in the courts into the summer of 1961; however, the only result of these challenges was the loss of Hawaii to Kennedy on a recount. 

There are also other technology checks to gauge tampering. These checks would cover penetration testing of voter registration systems and other related voting processes, like systemically turning away 10% of the electorate, for example. For more about post-election audits, go here