(To my mind, obviously 'killing is bad' is not one of those, or war would get less common, not more common, over time. If we could clearly see a basic moral fact, we would observe some kind of convergence toward it, the same way sciences converge toward precision with regard to actual applications, even as their theories do not become more similar at root. We need to look for universals that are much less direct, and are purposely obscured, rather than focused by culture, politics and psychology. Welcome to the era of the conspiracy theory.) 

Modern takes on the notion of sexism, racism, ageism are not simply about difference, they are about leveraging privilege. So no, most interactions between sexes do not necessarily have to involve either sex executing its privilege. 

There are generally different approaches to people newly forced into a situation, who could not expect it, and people who have routinely failed to find a place within a culture. There are also provisions for temporary arrangements that are expected not to be permanent, even when there are those who have had the opportunity to find a permanent accommodation and failed. It is true that this lets abusers off the hook. But in the end, the momentary abuse is generally nothing compared to the leverage of accumulated manipulation that is the norm in our culture. 

We are non-domesticated animals. So it is only natural for us to do the same. The problem you ascribe to negation is actually not about negation, and it is a supporting motive to avoid negation. The question is what is expected, permitted or compelled and to what degree. And there are places in morality that call for each. "Do not kill" only seems to clarify whether this should be expected, permitted or compelled. Am I obligated, permitted or expected to stop someone from killing to save other lives? So how does the negative form do anything but hide the real need for clarification? It seems a simple consequence of logic that if you identify certain moral positions (X is morally right, Y is morally wrong, etc.), any system of ethics that goes against those positions must be incorrect. In questions of right and wrong, whether a belief is commonly held is potentially informative but not of ultimate importance. 

Most philosophers I've read alternate between appeals to intuition and laying down specific rules: Deviations from Moral Intuitions 

What things a group punishes with the death penalty will therefore depend on, for example, how capable the authorities are at retaining prisoners. Acquinas has a compelling position: Then, it seems that there are situations where the death penalty is just, but once someone is captured those situations are rare. We shouldn't administer the death penalty for the sake of killing someone, instead we should first have a (just) goal for which the death penalty is the only option to achieve it. Constructing an Ethical System 

Socrates does this by asking his interlocutor a series of questions (e.g., about different virtuous people) to draw out some intuition, and lead that intuition to more general statements until there is something prescriptive (e.g., whether Virtue can be taught). Acquinas in Summa Theologica does not lay out rules. Instead, he asks himself a series of questions about a single topic. From the answers to those questions, one can come away with a prescriptive answer. CS Lewis in Mere Christianity uses as the underpinning of all his logic that in figuring out how other humans work, we have as ourselves the first example. He then takes intuition about what we know about ourselves to extrapolate to other people. Those are just three examples, but I could keep going. It seems then that as a practical matter, the problem you pose of having a complicated ethical framework that doesn't pass some basic (by the author's own criteria) sanity check at the end of its construction is generally not an issue, as philosophers build ethical systems bit-by-bit, testing whether what they've said makes sense along the way, checking that the most basic issues are handled in the beginning. If it were not ethical to do this, would it be ethical to put an injured tourist in the hospital at public expense? This something many countries with socialized medicine also do, and it involves providing housing and upkeep to someone in far less need to whom they have no formal obligation. How about incarceration of non-citizens? That is public housing, too, and may provide them income. Most moral systems have room for those two options, even given extensive homelessness. 

If that is true, then to the degree that they are partially observations of your body's internal condition, its contents are not really learned from other people. What we tend to learn instead is how to name and channel them, not how to feel them. According to studies of adoption, (Not the greatest reference, but -- http://adoptionvoicesmagazine.com/my-second-mama/do-adoptees-have-more-problems/#.VIXXBTHF-So) if your own emotional landscape is significantly different from your parents' you tend to grow up undercontrolled, rather than underemotional. So your theory seems backward. 

I may seem heartless, but from that point of view, charities that simply meet needs are not doing what they could do. They are not putting these people to work. In the extreme case, like orders of nuns in poverty service, they are undercutting the value of the workers who give them free labor.