The denominations that dedicate their churches in this fashion tend to be those with a more centralized structure. As far as I know the decisions are usually made by consultation between the local congregation and the church authorities. I've been part of one Anglican church where the choice of a name was clearly that of the congregation, with the approval of the central authorities. 

Legally in most places a marriage that would have been illegal if the facts were known is automatically anulled - in other words it is deemed never to have taken place. Here is a page about it from Californian law.. This post from the National Catholic Bioethics Center explains the problems with gender reassignment pretty well. It explains the Catholic view is that gender is fundamentally a part of a human being's identity, and is bound up with both body and mind, not residing only in one. 

The Our Father as the Perfect Prayer? Sure it is. Why wouldn't it be? I answer that, It was fitting for Christ's soul at His Resurrection to resume the body with its scars. In the first place, for Christ's own glory. For Bede says on Luke 24:40 The four qualities of the glorified body are taught as Impassability, Subtlety, Agility, Clarity. "Trimmed" and "not trimmed" didn't make the cut for that list. 

Yes. I've seen that quite often, with varying results in terms of who chose to take the whole journey and those who didn't complete it. I offer you a caveat, however. There is more to RCIA that "a class." It's supposed to combine instruction with spiritual formation in a harmonious fashion. that the soul and physical being/body are joined at the time of conception During this life, whatever one has done (good or bad), the whole man (body and soul) has shared. It is right, therefore, that both body and soul should share in the reward or punishment in the life to come. 

To answer your subordinate question: per the RCC, no, it is not a divine sign. 

If the sacrament is found to not have been conferred, due to a defect, then a Decree of Nullity may be issued and the two are free to marry. (The sub text here is that "you weren't validly married if the sacrament was not present"). 

If the sacrament was conferred, the church will NOT issue a decree of nullity. Divorce is a secular proceeding that won't change the Church's position that the two remain husband and wife. What exactly is a lie? Is it necessary to always tell the whole truth, or can you withhold the truth if needed? Is it always wrong to lie, or is it permissible to lie to prevent a greater evil? The classically debated case of this would be when a Nazi soldier comes to your door and asks if you are hiding any Jews. If you say "Yes", or refuse to answer, then the Jews will be killed. Is this sufficient reason to lie? This article from Catholic Answers provides a great over view on the subject. I will do no more than summarize, and pull out some quotes. If you want a very quick summary, then it is: "there is no universal agreement on the matter; Catholic theologians disagree, and there is no definitive pronouncement from the church" 

Edited to respond to the new version of the question. This post from the National Catholic Bioethics Center explains the problems with gender reassignment pretty well. It explains the Catholic view is that gender is fundamentally a part of a human being's identity, and is bound up with both body and mind, not residing only in one.