Ask yourself: How do children experience their world? Most languages have words like "grasp", that mean to understand something and to touch it. 

And yes, this means getting your hands (and feet, face, clothes ...) dirty from time to time. That's why we have play clothes and water & soap for afterwards. 

You ask for health impact. In my opinion the impact of getting dirty on a child's mental wellbeing and ability to learn about his world can't be valued high enough. If you add to this that there are various studies that claim that getting dirty is good for your imune system and can reduce the risk of allergies (keyword "hygiene hypothesis") and that being active and outside (later known as "exercise" or "fitness" for adults) is good for your health too, I'm happy to do an extra load of laundry or two. 

But please, don't go the "Granddad is sleeping" route - it is deeply disturbing for a child to see a casket with the "sleeping" family member being interred1. You might also want to mention that Graddad was really, really old in case she asks whether you are about to die. (Suggested answer: "When people have lived a long life and are very old, they are ready to die because they are done with living." - that's how my then 5yo put it once.) 

Now take an even younger child - how do you think they can learn about simple thinks like warm, cold, soft, hard wet, dry, sweetly scented or stinky? There is no hands-off method of understanding or explaining snow, but so easy to grasp when you feel the cold snow melt in your hand, see it glistening in the sun or caught snowflakes with your mouth. 

Rest assured that science and religion are not neccessarily a contradiction. Some of the best scientists of past and present time were deeply religious - and came from different religious backgrounds. As one commenter wrote, Georges Lemaître being one relatively modern example. 

This clashes with the general discipline model, though; certainly teachers expect that if they tell a student something, he does it, no questions or "talking back", and to a large extent that's seen as necessary. Even in a Montessori classroom, that's still the expectation, and not one we can really do a lot about (other than choose a different school, I suppose). 

Teacher to student ratio of 1:8 is a reasonable ratio at 3; at 2.5 I'd say it's even a little low. 2.5 year olds want - need - attention from adults, and it can be difficult in a larger class to get that attention. In my state (Illinois), 1:8 would be the maximum ratio allowed at 2.5; while you could have more than 8 kids in a class, you'd need more teachers. 

What we don't want to do is simply tell him "You have to listen to your teacher"; that doesn't give him why, for one thing, and relies on his respect for us and/or parental authority that we prefer not to rely on unless absolutely necessary. A good answer will help us give him the tools to deal with someone in authority without expecting him to become a compliant sheep, and the reasons to understand why it might be necessary or appropriate. 

Learning socialization is quite possible with a smaller group. Eight is plenty to have some diversity; you may want to find out how much diversity there actually is of course in both schools, of course. 

We just had our second parent-teacher conference with our almost-four year old's preschool teacher (he's in a Montessori school, that follows the technique well, mostly), and among other things, learned that the main issue the teacher felt that needed to be addressed was his respect for authority - and by that, she clearly meant "doing what he's told". 

At the age you're talking about, teacher:student ratio seems more important than student count. If the larger class you're looking at has a poorer ratio, I wouldn't choose that (absent other reasons for choosing).