So one day, in one of our regular team meetings, we hatched this crazy idea: instead of quietly judging site quality in some secret star chamber and then trying to hand-wave away questions about our inscrutable process, why not ask the folks who might actually know something about the topic to take a good hard look at what they'd built and... Decide for themselves if they were really making the 'Net better. 

Just a quick status update: we are taking this seriously, but don't want to jump to conclusions (or make rash changes unless they can be demonstrated to help). Editable summaries touches on something that has been requested before in various forms... Quora provides a user-editable "About" block at the top of each tag page: I'd like to see SO do the same, somewhere around where the tag sponsor block sits, and of course utilizing Markdown formatting. Not all tags would need or benefit from this of course, and I suspect different sub-communities would find different uses for it (see questions linked above). One way to implement this would be to have a per-tag CW question where changes could be discussed in comments and the current revision pulled automatically into the tag-page... 

Flags considered for the purpose of these warnings / bans are currently limited to post flags which often require explicit moderator intervention: Other, Spam, Offensive, Very Low Quality, Invalid Flag, Close and Not an Answer. I'm not 100% on the value of including close flags in this: we spot-tested these criteria with and without them at various times, and the downside to including them is that they can end up making some folks' flagging histories look better than they appear to the moderators. However, these are listed on the flag summary page that's linked to from the warnings, so for now we'll include them and see how it plays out in practice. How does this apply to public figures? Let's say my favorite thing to do is post meme pics, and my current favorite memes all involve how folks who vote for 3rd-party candidates in the US presidential election are essentially the same as Hitler. OH SO FUNNY! Not very welcoming to the folks who've put serious time into researching the vote they're gonna have to make here and made the hard decision to support one of those candidates, eh? And again, for what? I'm not writing a researched answer on Politics Stack Exchange; I'm making jokes to try and lighten the mood on meta. EPIC FAIL! Moderator Action Review Process After much discussion, debate, reflection, consultation, frustration, revelation, constipation and inspiration, we've settled on the following process for allowing a team of moderators to remove one of their own. It is, by necessity, somewhat formal: this process is for those rare situations where communication with one member has completely broken down and the team as a whole feels they cannot continue to work together. As of a few minutes ago, if you have a gold tag-badge for a tag associated with a question that's been closed as a duplicate, you can edit the duplicate links to replace, add, remove or re-arrange them: