The Royal Navy had two main submarines. The X-class submarine was built from 1943-1944, eventually replaced by the XE-class submarine. 20 X-class submarines and at least twelve XE-class submarines were built. There were also a few unsuccessful submarines, such as the Sleeping Beauty and the Welman submarine. Six of the X-class were lost in battle and one in training. Another six of the X-class were training-only. The operational X-class were mainly used in preparatory work such as taking surveys of Normandy beach and cutting torpedo nets in harbors. However, six were used in Operation Source to neutralize German warships. All but two of the submarines involved were lost in this operation. XE-class submarines were used similarly. However, only four of them ever saw action. In 1945, they were used to cut Japanese telephone cables off the coast of Vietnam and China. The Japanese had the largest fleet of submarines of any of the navies in the pacific although Germany had the most overall. 

Will the Whistling Bombs Hit Me? - World War 2 Talk 

So, yes, there was involvement from South and Central America, but it did not play an instrumental part in either of the World Wars. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_Peace_with_Japan 

Whistling Bombs - Straight Dope Why did World War II-era unguided bombs whine or whistle? | Answerbag So as we see, Hitlers used his oratory skills to persuade the Germans to adopt his anti-sematic, anti-communist, totalitarian views. Hitler eventually rose to power and held grand rallies and made persuasive speeches with much Nazi Propaganda. Many Germans came to hold his views that Semitic and Romani races were inferior to Aryan races. Nazism openly declared Slavs as subhuman, however they slacked off on this idea somewhat when they became allies with Bulgaria, Croatia, and Slovakia. The president of the party, Anton Drexler was attracted to Hitler's oratory skills and invited Hitler to join, which he did. By 1921, Hitler had became known as a notorious speaker and became the leader of the DAP (which eventually came to be known as the Nazi party). that several Japanese islands were ceded by the treaty to the United States despite the U.S. not having any legitimate claim to them To put a conclusion on this lengthy answer, I would say the Japanese had the best midget submarines. However, the Germans had the best program as the Japanese did not often utilize their fleet in important offenses. 

It was not until October 19, 1956, that Japan and the Soviet Union signed a Joint Declaration ending the war and reestablishing diplomatic relations. 

that the draft treaty, in violation of the Yalta agreement, did not recognize the Soviet Union's sovereignty over South Sakhalin and the Kuril Islands 

Yes, both World War I and World War II involved South and Central America. 

The Neger was a torpedo-carrying craft. Although not designed as a suicide weapon, the torpedo would often fail to release from the submarine when fired and would carry the craft with it to the target. The Germans were strongly patriotic and wanted to make up for their humiliation in WWI. This was the stronger of the two reasons. 

Japan agreed to pay war reparations of 1.3 trillion yen. The Japanese GDP in 1952 was 6,217 billion yen. So the reparation was 20.91% of the Japanese GDP. The Japanese GDP in 2011 was equivalent to $5.869 trillion 2011 USD. So the reparations were equivalent to 1,224 billion 2011 USD. This was all proposed at the Treaty of San Francisco in 1952. The soviet Union, however, disagreed with many points: As for this being a public school history education, that's kind of a sore subject. In the USA, K-12 textbooks have to get approved by state boards. Often these bodies are filled with idealogues who only signed up for this otherwise dull task because they have specific things they want taught (regardless of what the facts may be). Thus grade K-12 History textbooks tend to have flat out wrong things forced into them. Uncomfortable subjects (like the intense class warfare of the 19th Century) get ignored altogether. The best I can say about the result is that teachers typically make it so dull that at least kids don't learn most of the wrong stuff being taught. 

Some environmentally-concerned parents have been going back to cloth recently (although in my experience, parents typically don't do this for second or subsequent children) Here's the issue in visual terms. Note that the war itself started in 1939. The USA joined right at the end of 1941, but was producing arms for the Allied side much earlier. This did not cover Japanese casualties though. Presumably they would be even higher. This is all based on the assumption that the defence from the Japanese military and civilians would be simliar to what was encountered in Okinawa.