Source: FIFA laws of the games 

The answer is drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee. 

Also, is a foul awarded if the ball touches the hand of a player, when the player has his hand attached to his chest? No, because 2 reasons: 1. The ball moves towards the hand and not the other way around. 2. The position of the hand does not necessarily mean that there is an infringement since the hand didn't affect the movement of the ball (it would hit the chest if the hand wasn't there) 

I also found another reference to talking about a specific case of unintentional hand ball: 

f) greater number of goals scored in all group matches between the teams concerned; 

World soccer's global governing body FIFA and the International Football Association Board (IFAB) made the announcement following a meeting in Zurich on Thursday. 

Is it a foul if a player touches the ball with his hand unintentionally? Is it a foul is a player trips and falls and touches the ball with his hand during the fall? If the refree interprets the hand ball as unintentionally so he won't award a free kick. 

17.3.2.1 if it is called dead, or is to be considered dead, before the striker has had an opportunity to play it. See Law 20.6 (Dead ball; ball counting as one of over). 

20.4.2.9 the ball does not leave the bowler’s hand for any reason other than an attempt to run out the non-striker under Law 41.16 (Non-striker leaving his/her ground early). 

Each attempt at moving the ball forward is called a down. A down ends when the player with the ball is tackled (see further definition later) or leaves the field of play, some kind of score occurs, a pass is incomplete, or the player in possession stops making forward progress. Note that 

As a delivery is a free hit, the batsman cannot be out Stumped (Law 28.17, Out from a No ball, which is further applied to the free hit itself). Whether the batsman was or was not attempting to run between the creases cannot be determined by anybody who was not present and does not have access to conclusive video or audio evidence. 

[after a delayed penalty, and the offender's team gains possession], the Referee will blow his whistle to stop play and impose the penalty on the offending player. 

At no point in any part of the rule is any mention or implication that the offender's opponents may decide the penalty is not served at all. 

I also found another reference to talking about a specific case of unintentional hand ball: 

FIFA intend for goal-line technology to be used at December's Club World Cup in Japan, and if successful it will also be implemented at the 2013 African Cup of Nations and the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. 

Two systems, designed by technology companies GoalRef and Hawk-Eye, have been approved after going through two phases of FIFA testing. 

Source: FIFA laws of the games 

b) goal difference in all group matches; 

You can see an example (Given by @mormegil), in Group F of the 1990 FIFA World Cup, Ireland and the Netherlands were “completely” tied, and their positions had to be decided by drawing of lots (won by Ireland). - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1990_FIFA_World_Cup#Group_F 

Today FIFA approved using Goal-line technology in soccer! 

c) greatest number of goals scored in all group matches. 

g) drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee. 

A specific answers to your questions: 

The answer is drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee. 

d) greatest number of points obtained in the group matches between the teams concerned; 

17.3.2.1 if it is called dead, or is to be considered dead, before the striker has had an opportunity to play it. See Law 20.6 (Dead ball; ball counting as one of over). 

Kick takers are selected from the players on the field at the end of the match (either at full time, or if extra time was used, then after extra time). From the IFAB Law 10, with added emphasis on a phrase of special importance, 

20.4.2.9 the ball does not leave the bowler’s hand for any reason other than an attempt to run out the non-striker under Law 41.16 (Non-striker leaving his/her ground early). 

There is no requirement to name the order at any point, only to adhere to the conditions outlined in the procedure for kicks from the penalty mark. 

Each team is responsible for selecting from the eligible players the order in which they will take the kicks. The referee is not informed of the order. 

The game as a whole is made simpler and more coherent if it is only possible to move forward when attacking, and this requires that it not be possible to move forward when defending. To be attacking, a team must have possession, one way or another. The exception is backward movement made as part of the attack, i.e. the snap and any backward passes or runs: the attacking team sacrifices territory now in order to gain territory in several seconds.