When moderators delete an account we have to specify a reason. One of the built-in reasons is: Answers - Views of the parent question for answers that are: See the announcement for more explanation of the rationale. The benefit of keeping a low-rep account is not getting suspended or deleted on one or all SE sites for misbehavior. That ordering makes a lot more sense to me. It's also consistent with the tour. (Maybe "how do I ask a good question?" should also be "above the fold", in the top five somewhere.) The Mad Hatter description says: I've made five edits today on Mi Yodeya, where (as a moderator) I can confirm that I have never commented on the posts. I got Werewolf Hunter with those edits (they were all old questions), but no Mad Hatter. It's been more than an hour since the last edit. The problem with score-based searching is that your results will be polluted with Roomba cleanup, VLQ deletions, and the like, and can miss some spam/offensive deletions if another moderator flag-deleted it or somebody upvoted it. And yes, I've seen upvoted spam. This query will also catch migration stubs and merge stubs, and anything that was manually locked before being deleted. It's not only spam/offensive, but on my sites the rest of that stuff is small enough in comparison to the spam that it's not disruptive. A comment mentions room links versus transcript links. Rooms are frozen after a period of inactivity even if not deleted, so a room link doesn't allow people to talk in the room anyway but (in my opinion) presents a slightly more confusing interface to users unfamiliar with chat. I recommend always using the transcript link. Both links have the same level of visibility -- either the room is still around (but frozen) or it's been deleted and requires 10k rep to see either link. It's not always like this, though; here on MSE we get this, which I've seen on some other sites too: This question focuses on the spammer profiles. Spammy names can still show up in the list of new users and the badge lists (Autobiographer in particular for this attack). I don't know what is reasonable to do for those exposures -- reasonable in terms of both UX and code complexity. We should identify all the places the names show up before deciding (is it just those two or are there more?). We already have some behaviors that change based on whether you're logged in (front-page view is different, "join" button, tour invitation), so there's logic to hook into. So, you might say, if I create an account, get a single downvote, and cycle the account to start over, I'm clear, right? I didn't trip an automatic ban; it was just one post. To that I'd say: how many times have you done it? If you've done it more than once or twice then, were that activity all on the same account, you would have tripped a ban. So we're back to "circumventing system...restrictions". The new beta theme has made some changes to text styling that I find much harder on my eyes. My vision isn't that great to begin with and beta sites, particularly metas, are a lot harder for me to read now. I moderate two beta sites, so access to meta is pretty important to me. (In case it matters, I'm using Firefox.) Posts deleted by spam and offensive flags are locked as well. Adding a date filter that covers from when you last checked makes review easier. Winter Bash 2015 included It's Always 5 O'Clock Somewhere. According to the blog post, it was awarded for asking a question at exactly 5:01 in any time zone. "Exactly" meant within that minute on the timestamp, so you had 60 seconds. But you had those 60 seconds every hour and a few other times besides. Just a few hours ago I deleted an account that was clearly created to bypass a question block. This is not uncommon. Then monitor your room and see if he responds. If you can't use chat directly, you can leave a comment inviting him into your chat room. Create the room, enter it, get its URL, and then leave a comment addressed to the user and including that link. This is, by the way, more public; anybody who sees the comment might choose to come into your room. But almost nothing is really private on the SE network anyway (for good reasons); I'm just pointing this out so you won't be surprised if it happens.