In addition, before the Romans came, urban life in the west was not nearly as developed as in the east; except perhaps in the south of Italy and the south of Gaul—but that was surpassed by the cities of Asia Minor or Greece or Egypt or Mesopotamia. Consequently, the comparative economic power of Rome was far stronger in the west than in the east. By the time the German tribes arrived, from the 4th century AD onwards, Gaul and Spain had become fairly Romanized. The influx of Germanic people was not enough to disturb this in the more urbanized regions. Nevertheless, it is said that French contains a great many elements from both the Celtic substrate and the Germanic superstrate languages. I don't know much about Spanish, but there is probably some influence there too from substrate and superstrate languages, notably Arabic, which was spoken in most of Spain for six centuries (roughly between the 8th and the 15th century AD). 

In southern Italy and eastern Sicily, there were many very large and powerful Greek cities—notably Syracuse on Sicily—together called Magna Graecia, "Great Greece". Syracuse had about 300,000 inhabitants in its days of glory, rivalling even with Athens. This may have been enough for large parts of (former) Magna Graecia to withstand cultural pressure from nearby Rome: they probably never fully adopted Latin in the Roman era. After Justinian had reconquered most of Italy in the 6th century AD, the south remained under Greek Byzantine rule for several centuries more. In fact, about 30,000 speakers of Griko still exist in southern Italy today (Wikipedia). 

There's also croix and champs, but those probably come from plurals, in which nominative and accusative are formally identical. 

In the west, however, the Romans had encountered many Celtic cultures, which did not have a tradition of literature and philosophy as ancient and respectable as that of the Greeks. The Romans were seen as bringers of culture in great parts of Gaul and Spain. Moreover, several different languages were spoken in the cities: Celtic languages/dialects, Greek, and probably Punic in the various Carthaginian cities. 

One is that a stratified society has different degrees of formal education for different people. There consequently is a tendency for the upper layers of such society to speak a different "sociolect" than the lower layers. 

We do know Latin, however, and we can see that the Latin word was "caballus" (OK; it wasn't; it was "equus" - which gave us the Portuguese, Castillian, Rumanian and Catalan word for "mare". "Caballus" was Vulgar Latin, and comes from the Classic word for "horse pack", which in turn is a borrowing from unknown origin). 

Judge: Se você cuidar do carro pra mim, na volta te dou um trocado. 

To take into account the comments below, Spanish Alemaña derives from Latin Alemannia, either through Frankish -> Old French -> Spanish or through Frankish -> Iberian Romance -> Spanish. The Arabic word must be a borrowing from Iberian Romance or Spanish (because a literate borrowing from Latin would result in word similar to Germania, which was the Classic Latin most common name for the region and its people), and the Turkish word must be a borrowing from Arabic (because if they acquired the word via Eastern Europe instead, they would most likely borrow from either German Deustcheland, Greek Γερμανία, or some slavic language, in which case it would ressemble something like Njemačka). 

The laryngeal theory proposes that Proto-Indo-European contained a number of consonants that are absent in (almost) all daughter languages. Their existence was proposed (by Saussure, under the term coefficients sonantiques) because certain vowel patterns in Indo-European languages seemed irregular, but could be accounted for by assuming the previous existence of certain consonants. Möller proposed these consonants were laryngeals, which is now generally accepted, although there is still no agreement on the number of consonants to be reconstructed, or their actual phonetic value. 

The Wikipedia article on laryngeal theory is quite informative (and contains a bibliography), but what text would give the best introduction of the subject up to the current state of research? I'm looking for a comprehensive overview, e.g. including a discussion of Saussure's coefficients sonantiques and covering all the mainstream further developments. 

Edit: if there are no treatments that cover the developments of the theory, I'll settle for a volume with an up-to-date account of it.