There's nothing you can do far from facing them without your minions or taunting them, since they have more priority facing minions when champs don't autoattack each other. Since your build is full damage and Yasuo's kit doesn't provide easy escapes (after burning flash), you need at least one item that favors survival. I've been reading the PBE about Cull. Will runes keep scaling, or will it stop at lvl 18? Banshee's Veil : If you're getting focused hard either by cc or very high magic damage, this one is adequate. Shield denys one good large distance attempt of cc and/or damage and it's recovered after short cooldown. The "camera locked" feature is only for people who don't want to get lost in the map (or messing around with the camera as Yuuki said) when they barely start playing these kind of games. Once they develop some experience and realize (from experienced people), they'd release the camera eventually and get used to the space bar whenever they feel lost. Does this count as a kill or it's just an execution? As far as I know, there are two ways to record a game. Assists doesn't work with turrets. So before the unfortunate day happened (internet fall down, got afk one whole ranked game) I was getting 15-26 LP for each win/lose. But after that day, I'm winning/losing only between 3-7 lp. For example, Malphite has a lot of armor and his passive gives him a shield that essentially prevents real damage at the beginning of each skirmish. His Q allows him to escape, if necessary. He loves building armor items, since they interact so well with his skills, so he's generally really hard to kill. As for other items with UNIQUE passives, as long as you don't have the exact same item, they all stack on top of each other. An ace occurs when the last player of the opposing team dies. It means that all 5 of them are dead at the same time, whether it be for 1 second or much longer. The ace is attributed to whoever scores the killing blow on the last champion to die, although there is no extra bonus for it. That being said, squishiness is based on the champion's base health, health per level, base armor, armor per level, base magic resist, magic resist per level, and move speed. (This game sure has a lot of stats.) Some passives and active skills that champions have can also contribute. It can also be based on the items that are standard for that champion to get. Assists doesn't work with turrets. The "camera locked" feature is only for people who don't want to get lost in the map (or messing around with the camera as Yuuki said) when they barely start playing these kind of games. Once they develop some experience and realize (from experienced people), they'd release the camera eventually and get used to the space bar whenever they feel lost. I ask this because the duration IMO is really low and therefore almost useless if it's a one-time silence... If you play with the camera always locked, you'd lose awareness as for trying to see what's happening below/behind your character. Also it's annoying when you have dashing champions around OR if you're using one, because it won't make you easy to aim properly with your mouse, specially if it's about skillshots WHILE you're moving with the camera together. So before the unfortunate day happened (internet fall down, got afk one whole ranked game) I was getting 15-26 LP for each win/lose. But after that day, I'm winning/losing only between 3-7 lp. Does this count as a kill or it's just an execution?