Occupation of western Europe was highly profitable for Germany. Indeed, one reasons she became so threatening was that she had gained so much at so little cost. As a GDP table shows, up to 1939, Germany's GDP was 4/9 that of the United States; by 1941, Germany had completely closed this gap and was a parity with the U.S. That's called "doubling up" (actually a bit more). On the other hand, the Czechs surrendered only under the direction of the civilian authorities (President Benes) with heavy prodding at Munich from Britain's Neville Chamberlain; the Czech military was more than willing to fight. Poland never really surrendered as a nation, although most individual units did. Part of the army survived by going into exile or maintaining the largest underground, resistance force in Europe. (Much of the latter morphed into the Home Army.) All this meant that many who were willing and able to fight were enabled to do so. Basically, Austria was looking for an excuse to declare war on, and annex Serbia, having done so with Bosnia. If it had not been due to the assassination of the Archduke, it would have been over some other matter. Under pressure from its "allies" France and Russia, Serbia agreed to all terms but number 6. Even Germany's Kaiser Wilhelm was more than satisfied that Serbia's response had averted war, because it represented a most humiliating capitulation. Hence, they showed a greater desire to learn (and imitate) than their European peers. It appears to have been part of the restless "personality" that caused them to leave Scandinavia in search of more hospitable climates. Once they found them, they became "more royalist than the king," that is more "European" than the other western Europeans. One reason was that a number of these Catholic "secular" kingdoms actually derived a lot of their power from the Church. Two of these were Spain and the Holy Roman Empire. NO. England was conquered by a "Frenchman," William the Conqueror, not France. There may be a reason why your grandmother made the trip in 1917, and not some other year. That was when Germany had conquered not only Poland, but the western Ukraine from Russia, meaning that one country controlled the whole route your grandmother traveled (Ukraine, Warsaw, Gdansk). I can't imagine her making a trip across the (Russo-German) border earlier in the war. Such a trip would have been possible, but difficult, before the war. Italy is the woman with long hair and white/turquoise dress, laying down a bear trap. The woman in the centre is Rome, that embraces/shields herself the coat of arms of the Savoy kings (of Italy). She feeds bread to a dog who is chained to the Papal seat: it is in fact on this chain that the pope tripped. 8 Poland \\ Tied in shackles, at the feet of her tyrants \\ The name of Nation honours her no more... \\ She can't rise up! She can't avenge herself \\ Who carries like a mule, deserves to be beaten The map is certainly filled with irony against other people struggling for their independence. Greece watches in a mirror looking for her long lost teeth; other nations in the Balkans are depicted as sheep: Serbia, Bosnia, Albania, Bulgaria I think that it depicts Europe as seen by an Italian nationalist. The author obviously approves the recent (1870) Italian annexation of Rome. This is evident from what he says about "priests" and how he says that. Poland is the woman chained to Austria, Prussia and the Russian Nobleman. 3 Finland \\ Even among bears the priestly tail \\ Attempts to place herself and summon factions \\ But only those nations accept it \\ Where fools and ignorants are trendy I have tried googling it but results generated are mostly about Hungarian confrontations with the Ottoman Empire due to keywords "Hungarian" & "Crescent" (Thanks alot Murad II & John Hunyadi). One lead me to a book but it only refers to crescent formation used by both sides in Battle of Mohi. When we look at existing monarchies in Europe, following are of German descent: Royal Family of Belgium Royal Family of United Kingdom Royal Family of Denmark Royal Family of Liechtenstein Royal Family of Luxembourg (Now Italian House of Bourbon-Parma but historically Germanic House of Nassau) Royal Family of Holland Royal Family of Norway These make up for almost all existing & reigning dynasties in Europe except Monacan, Spanish and Swedish royal families. In the past German House of Habsburg has even ruled Spain & Mexico. Hohenzollerns ruled Romania. German houses also ruled Greece and some other countries. Sometimes vacant thrones were offered to German ethnic nobles, sometimes they were just next in line to the throne. What seems to be the real factor in German noble families gaining thrones of European countries? Why is the eventuality of them getting a throne higher than other ethnicities? Why didn't such an event cause resentment in native population? Wouldn't it be more appealing to the common people if their King was one of their own, not someone imported from Germany who would have to learn the language of the country and shape his children to the culture of his subject nation? What were the political motives behind such offers in cases when German candidate was not in line to succession in anyway?