You're correct that nowhere in the Gospels does Jesus condone slavery--nor does he speak out against it. Outside the Gospels, numerous Bible passages have been used in defense of slavery through the years. From this a tradition arose that the curse gave Canaan black skin, and that he subsequently migrated to Africa. Although these ideas can't be found in the Bible, they dovetailed with a pro-slavery narrative. Author Anthony Pagden explains: This is followed a few verses later (Ephesians 6:9) with: Finally, 1 Peter 2:18-21 commands slaves to accept whatever harsh treatment their masters deal out. Slavery is taken for granted in many New Testament passages too. For example, in Ephesians 6:5-6 Paul1 says: Exodus 21 contains rules and regulations for slave owners. A male Hebrew sold into slavery had to be released after six years, but females and children born into slavery could be held for life under certain conditions. A male slave could choose to remain a slave in order to stay with his family. Rules for foreigners sold into slavery can be found in Leviticus 25:44-46. Regardless of age or gender, they could be held for life and could be inherited as property. These last two passages have no corresponding instructions for slaveholders. From this a tradition arose that the curse gave Canaan black skin, and that he subsequently migrated to Africa. Although these ideas can't be found in the Bible, they dovetailed with a pro-slavery narrative. Author Anthony Pagden explains: The phrase "both of you have the same Master" can be--and has been--interpreted to mean Paul is giving instructions to Christian masters of Christian slaves. In conclusion, the Bible contains many passages--in both the Old and New Testaments--that have been used to justify slavery. That's probably the closest biblical match to slavery as it was practiced in the United States and Britain. In conclusion, the Bible contains many passages--in both the Old and New Testaments--that have been used to justify slavery. Slavery is taken for granted in many New Testament passages too. For example, in Ephesians 6:5-6 Paul1 says: Deuteronomy 15:12-14 liberalizes some of the rules for Hebrew slaves, especially concerning who can be freed and what type of severance a freed slave should be given. 1 Many modern scholars do not believe Paul wrote Titus, Ephesians, or Colossians, in part because they doubt the man who had said, "There is neither Jew nor Gentile, neither slave nor free, nor is there male and female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus," (Galatians 3:28), and who urged Philemon to free Onesimus and accept him as a brother (Philemon 1:15-16), would have been so accommodating to slavery.