First, bring the discussion down to facts. It's not that you don't want to deal with another task or you feel you won't handle it but you know it and you can support it with hard data. UPDATE: It looks like most of that one is responsibility of other people in your organization. However you haven't clarified whether they're actively working with end-users to get feedback. If they do then fine. However experience you can get talking directly with end users (in some, I don't say you should publish you mobile number) is invaluable. So even if product management is covered I wouldn't isolate myself from communication with users. 

Second, visualize that. If you tell me that you're overloaded and you have dozen tasks in backlog it doesn't say as much as your task board would say. 

In this situation you have only two choices: 

UPDATE: It isn't you who rode the team into the ground - you just got them to your project. Also it's not the goal to have them working crazy hours again - you just aim for commitment you'd get form most of other teams in the organization. It seems like work-life balance type of issue. In short most of us can work for pretty long time at over 100% rate. The problem is at the end of the process we're burned out. Now the manager either doesn't know that or acknowledges the fact, but doesn't care and expects to exchange those who are burned out with freshmen. 

One last thought: even though it looks like quite a wide range of tasks don't make them any more complicated than it's absolutely needed. You may go with as simple tools as possible, just to make the work done. It's not the goal to have full-blown project management process - you just try to cover gaps, which in small projects are really small. 

If people (here: PMs) never delivered feedback to other team members, rating system may be a good way to standardize the way they construct their feedback. 

UPDATE: In terms of tools/software which can help you here, don't look for anything fancy. For such project Excel sheet would probably work wonders. However personally I'd go with some task board in your workplace. It nicely visualizes what's done, what's ongoing and what are top priorities for the nearest future. Not only would it work for you but also for other folks in your startup. 

Trust first, trust last: This boils down to relationship. There are three key powers in the work place, Role, Expertise and Relationship (You see seven listed in many texts, but they can all be traced to these core three). You don't have role power, even if you did, you have to be very careful and judicious with it. Expertise power is very hard to pull off as a PM. Even if you started as an Engineer, you are not one now and it doesn't take long for the Engineers to think "he's out of touch." 

I think Pawel's suggestions are solid. I would switch around the order a little and offer a bit of caution on one. You need to build relationships from the absolute get go. This will build trust. Then you can start influencing the project. This is a go slow to go fast technique. When I joined my last company, I spent the first 90 days doing nothing more than holding a weekly status meeting and interviewing people. I listened. Three months in I was put on a failing project and pulled it out of its nose dive. I did it by leveraging my relationships. Careful Escalation: Escalation can be very powerful. You also don't have to just escalate up. I have a PM technique I call Pothole Project Management. The concept is if you hit a bad pothole everyday, you probably won't be much influence to get it fixed. If the Mayor of your town hits it, you can be certain it will get fixed very quickly. I wrote a complete blog on this if you want to read more.