As far as i know -and I'm talking about slave woman in general- there's no consensus about this matter in general. This would mean if you intend to marry an other his former wife might get to know this and this may cause harm and may be a source for a sinful interaction between both of them. put forth [righteousness] for yourselves (Sahih international) do some good act for your souls beforehand (Yusuf Ali) do good beforehand for yourselves (Shakir) place forward (good deeds) for yourselves (Dr. Ghali) [Sahih al-Bukhari] But as an opposite we find an other golden rule about gentleness, which should also be applied in a husband-wife relationship! Once you have the agreement or consent from the guardian of your future wife and your wife, and at least two witnesses for that you can basically consider yourself married, as most scholars mahr is only obligatory when you consume the marriage. Of course determining or fixing a mahr (before consummation) is highly recommended and also having a marriage contract where both of you, you and your spouse may declare their conditions for this marriage. And you should abide to this contract. An other hadith from sunan abi Dawod: The rest is for you to answer or check: So if this situation you are describing occurred what should be checked is if this could be a reasonable or valid reason for divorce. If you read the fatwa islamqa #96704 you'll discover that a divorce can be the last solution, if both can't live together in kindness. The mufti here quoted a lot of arguments recommending to keep a marriage with a woman which isn't beautiful, but religious such as: Now during this time you could try to convince your husband to convert to islam with all you can. As the scholars also, say if one of married couple convert to islam and the waiting period passed and the other also became muslim that their former husband/wife is the best to keep, this means their marriage is still acknowledged and they can live together as before as husband and wife. therefore in an islamic country a Judge would either divorce you after the waiting period or confirm your marriage. During the time of the waiting period no muslim man can marry you even if islam is regarding your conversion as a reason for divorce. But afterwards (legally from a shri'a point of view but you must have been divorced) it is possible. But most seem to accept that a marriage between slaves is a marriage and by buying them the act of marriage would still hold as an evidence they quoted the Verse 24 in Surat an-Nissa' (4): This verse is clearly saying that a permission is needed from the guardian of the woman!