Look to @Jackson's answer for some remedies (i.e., caliper alignment, are the pads fully retracting, getting the rotor trued). Climbing up the mountain you are doing extra work relative to the flat route. At the top you will have accumulated potential energy. In order to break even with the flat route you will have to convert all that potential energy into motion, without any loss. This is not possible in the current universe due to the third law of thermodynamics. On the descent some of the potential energy you saved up will be lost to heat as you try to convert it to motion. This will put you at a loss relative to the flat route. When the trail is really steep and rough not only you should be off the saddle, but you should also be putting your weight behind the saddle. Example below pictured below. These riders are on downhill/freeride bikes (tons of suspension travel, 6-8 inches) and they are not sitting on the saddle. As for fenders, this will depend on the fenders(full, partial, metal, plastic, etc) and tires you want to use, your final clearances and your ingenuity as you don't have any dedicated fender eyelets left once you mount the rear rack. If you don't have a lot of experience coming up with solutions for fitting fenders you may need to seek help. Caveat: As mentioned by @R.Chung if you are uncertain, it is best to seek clarification from your coach. You are after all paying for their services. I have personally ridden and raced on many sandy courses and trails (e.g. Moab) and the best advice is to shift your weight back, relax and think about guiding rather than steering the bike. The "right" compromise is very rider specific and can change over time with training. As a side note, you can also use the training time to find the best aero body trunk angle. If you go too low you will lose more power than you save in reduced drag, too little of an angle and you may still be working too hard against the wind. Keep an eye on the transect between power (if you got it), speed and heart rate to try and find the best compromise for your current flexibility and training. Short Answer Bike positioning is always a compromise between goals, flexibility and ability. There are different aero positions and each will have different strengths and weaknesses (see my suggestions section). I suspect the exact aero position isn't too much of a concern to your coach, rather s/he is likely interested in getting you to do efforts in a more closed position to get you prepared for riding in an aero position during a race. What constitutes rough differs from area to area. So what are the advantages of a hard tail? Hard tails are typically lighter bikes (less parts), and can be more efficient to pedal especially on long climbs. As such they still have a following among Cross Country (XC) mountain bike racers on smother courses. That said, I have personally found the efficiency gains can be easily lost in rougher terrain (e.g., Squamish BC). Hard tails are also cheaper to manufacture (the frame doesn't have any moving parts) so you can get a better equipped bike for your dollar. This makes hard tails good first bike. I know some answers said avoid excessive speed (which is good advice for riders new to sand) but I will say it is also possible to scream along on sand. I have hit deep and long sandy sections at full speed before (e.g. 50km/hr) and been fine. Sure the bike moved around a bit, but as long as I don't panic (and tighten up), kept my weight back and guided the bike I was fine. While aero positions can be useful in a race, a closed body position also affects your pedal stroke and your sustainable power output (typically reduced power) as you will be recruiting your muscle groups differently due to a different hip and back posture than you spend most of your riding hours in. If you never train in this body position, it won't be an efficient position for you to ride in come race day. Furthermore, spending time in this position it will also require you to hone your the stabilizer muscles needed to maintain that position. Once you have racks installed you will need to also purchase panniers (bags that securely mount to racks). Or if you are especially creative you may find other ways to to secure regular bags (don't underestimate the difficulty, panniers will generally work much better). Injuries Injuries really depends on a combination of your bike handling skill, your riding terrain, and your risk tolerance. There is also the probability of crashing combined with extent of injuries. Full suspension often lets people ride harder terrain than they might otherwise, which has potentially bigger consequences. Anecdotally, I have observed those with the most suspension also tend also to have the biggest injuries. you may also want to consider frame bags. These require no racks and mount directly to the frame, handle bars and seat post.