Another famous source would be Cicero who wrote at about the same time as Sallust. For example, in De Legibus he remarked that good people have Mens (mind), Virtus (courage), Pietas (piety), and Fides (faith). All good, Roman, personal virtues. A slightly later inscription (dated c271 AD) includes the title "Sebaste", the Greek equivalent of "Empress" (the Latin would be "Augusta"). Another, with a dedication stating that the statue was raised by two senior army commanders, describes her as the "most illustrious and pious queen". This is an interesting question, and one which I have heard debated by Roman historians/archaeologists more than once. A further important factor that may have influenced Nero's decision is suggested the statement in Tacitus that he was worried about the negative effect of the publicity surrounding the executions. When Seneca's wife Pompeia Paullina attempted to emulate her husband's suicide, she was prevented from doing so on Nero's orders because he: The shifting allegiances could give rise to some very strange outcomes (at least to modern eyes). Consider the election of Crassus and Pompey as co-consuls in 70BC (they hated each other) or, even more bizarre to modern eyes, the election of Caesar and Bibulus in 62BC! The creation, and expansion, of a permanent military force, spread across the empire and with each part loyal its own general, who was appointed by the Senate, added a military wing to those senatorial factions. It looks like a modern tourist souvenir. The inscription actually reads NAX IOIA. At the same time, the expansion of citizenship was also substantial in the late Republic. In 129 BC the Roman census recorded some 294,000 (male) citizens. This number jumped to about half-a-million in the census of 84 BC (following the settlement of the Social War). Executed or forced to commit suicide (19): Of those conspirators we know, it is not always easy to determine their rank. It seems that 20 were Senators, 9 were Equites, 8 were soldiers, and 4 were women (including the freedwoman Epicharis who managed to commit suicide while being held in captivity and tortured). The conspiracy had succeeded in bringing together representatives of the Senatorial class, the Equites, and the military. In 250 CE, Shapur I of the Sasanian Empire invaded Mesopotamia. He fought a series of wars with the Roman emperor Valerian (r. 253–260), who he eventually captured at the Battle of Edessa in 260 CE. If you are in the UK, but not in London, similar opportunities are available nationwide through the new CITiZAN (Coastal and Intertidal Zone Archaeological Network) Programme. So, why would Nero order some executions by suicide? Notice that, of these, nobilitas (social rank) is the only one not to have been personified as a deity. This was also a concept that would change radically in the transition from Republic to Empire. I suspect that most of the personal virtues in the list were extracted from the Conspiracy of Catiline, by the Roman Historian Gaius Sallustius Crispus. He defined a number of what he though of as typical Republican Roman virtues. The historian Victor Duruy, writing in the late 19th century, believed that Zenobia used the Greek version of her name in deference to her Greek subjects. She certainly adopted Greek versions of titles in some of her inscriptions. You are right that Latin was the language of Constantine's court, but as an educated Roman he would probably have known some Greek, and he was probably aware of some of the Christian symbols in use at that time. He certainly wasn't fluent in the language though as he had to use an interpreter to address Greek-speaking bishops at the Council of Nicaea. Caesar himself states in Chapter 8 of his Civil Wars that he met the Tribunes [Marc Antony and Quintus Cassius Longinus] in Ariminum (although we should always remember that Caesar was a politician in ancient Rome. He wasn't really writing a 'history' as we would understand it, but a version of events that would justify his subsequent actions. Political 'spin' is not a modern invention!). In this case, I assume that Adrian Goldsworthy is just accepting Caesar's version at face value, in preference to that of Plutarch. Coins dated to the following year (272AD) carry her prtrait and the the title "AVG" for "Augusta". One word of caution if you are planning to visit the Thames foreshore in future though. The Port of London Authority have brought in a new licencing scheme. Basically you need a permit even if you are just looking at surface finds - and the permits aren't cheap! The Roman Empire had extended beyond the Euphrates since the second century CE. You are absolutely right that the three groupings were not remotely like political parties in the modern sense. In modern political parties, people tend to give their loyalty to the party and follow a party line. The groupings in ancient Rome were rather shifting groups of alliances between smaller sub-groups of wealthy and powerful people. Although not cheap, Philip de Souza's book Piracy in the Graeco-Roman World is well worth reading if you can get hold of a copy. Alternatively, his 1992 PhD thesis on Piracy in the Ancient World is available free online. No contemporary author offered a reason why Nero would have ordered that some of the conspirators should be "executed by suicide". However, the Pisonian conspirators were by no means the only high-ranking Romans that he ordered to commit suicide. Another high-profile example that springs to mind is the general, Gnaeus Domitius Corbulo. The posthumous flattery from the victim (referred to above) could be used as propaganda to deflect people from the fact of the conspiracy (at the very least, it would feed Nero's ego!). The fact of the suicide could be used as evidence of guilt, and so he might hope that it wouldn't further "increase the odium of his cruelty". There was no need for a public trial which might inspire further opposition. The scale of the conspiracy could be concealed. The conspirators still ended up dead. Sources