Interestingly, the Talmud includes a warning to biblical interpreters to the effect that "No [biblical] passage loses its P'shat." This rule of thumb is helpful to interpreters in any era, since in order to arrive at a "deeper meaning" from a word (or an aggregation of words), one has to know what the plain meaning of the word is. 

Of course, a man could avoid lusting after a woman by blinding himself in both eyes, but such an extreme measure, interestingly enough, would not cure lust! I suggest that is why Jesus talked about plucking out one eye, not two. In summary, then, in taking up and carrying our own cross, we signify spiritually that we are voluntarily dying to ourselves and our selfish, earthbound, and impossible-to-satisfy carnal and worldly desires, appetites, and enthusiasms. The good news, however, is that in doing so, we are identifying with our Savior's own death and are raised to newness of life--eternal life--in Him. As the apostle Paul put it, 

And Now, From God's Perspective . . . Intellectually, God is omniscient and the possessor of infinite and perfect knowledge and wisdom. God does not learn. Whereas he creates out of his infinite fullness, we can only invent with the raw materials with which he has provided us. He observes with utter clarity. There are no secrets or hidden motives which he cannot understand fully, which is why, in part, he is the righteous judge of all humankind. In other words, God is light (1 John 1:5), and he dwells in unapproachable light. Nothing is hidden from the searching and penetrating light of his gaze. Furthermore, the writers of inspired Scripture used many anthropomorphisms to describe who God is and what God is like. The whole notion of similitude--from which we derive rhetorical tropes and figures such as metaphors, analogies, and similes, is foundational to the communication process and has been for millennia. From God's perspective (which should have been Abraham's perspective too), Isaac was Abraham's only son. After all, God had promised Abraham and Sarah a son in their old age. Sarah and Abraham, however, had wavered in faith by taking matters into their own hands in an attempt to "help God." God, of course, needed no helping hand in doing what to them had seemed impossible (see Genesis 18:14). 

Jesus' teaching on forgiveness, which comprises an answer to Peter's question about how many times he is to forgive a brother who sins against him. Jesus' teaching includes the famous locution, "seventy times seven." Notice, too, that Peter's question is certainly relevant in light of verse 15, which begins with the words 

I like to think of the P'shat of a text as (there we go with the notion of similitude again, with my use of the word as!) a wink, a subtle hint, an implication, or a deeper (as opposed to a surface) meaning. If one knows, for example, that the LORD is a fortress or refuge for the trusting believer, then by implication, that believer will experience the comfort, safety, and protection of the LORD. Deeper than that is the larger implication that the believer has nothing to fear, since the worst an enemy can do is to kill him or her, which to the believer means being with God and being safe forever (see Psalm 27:1 and 4; cf. Psalm 23:6). The denomination in which I grew up (even though it insisted, as many denominations do, it was nondenominational!) did not believe in BR. To this day, I agree with their stance on this controversial issue, and for good hermeneutical reasons. 

the necessity of forgiving others who sin against us, and to do so in the light of the great debt of which we ourselves have been forgiven (basically an application of the part of the Lord's prayer which says, "and forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors"), even if after repenting, they sin against us again 

BAPTIZED INTO, BAPTIZED BY, AND BAPTIZED IN THE NAME OF: A CONCLUSION 

This is the foundation of the pattern of love that Paul describes for marriage. It is not enough to say that each spouse should pursue his or her own joy in the joy of the other. It is also important to say that husbands and wives should consciously copy the relationship God intended for Christ and the church. In Genesis 3:22, the merism "good and evil" serves to illustrate a continuum, so to speak, in which there are two sides, as it were, one extending in the positive (read righteous) direction and one extending in the negative (read unrighteous) direction.