Most people would just start screaming at the wall, or, worse, each other. Anything else I fear is going to require a hard look at our comment system and the tools available to moderate them (which, quite frankly, stink). I really think we should be looking at ways to reduce the amount of work comments create. While your idea would work, I feel very awkward about the ask involved with putting them through /review. Lasting information belongs in answers, and we're not going to relax that, we simply can't. Part of our appeal is our extremely high signal to noise ratio, and we can't lose that. ... parse HTML with INTERCAL .... .... more proper answer goodness .... I really can't stand the RTFM attitude, especially on a Q&A site. Besides, it's hard enough to get people to search SO prior to asking :) If you find stuff on Stack Overflow valuable, it's probably because you value your time and we saved a bunch of it for you :) If you're so inclined, give a little back by helping to keep the place clean, as you see convenient opportunities to do so. It would be nice to be able to set a filter that challenges me with annoying math questions if I post a comment, question or answer (selectable) after a certain time of day. As for n - it would need to be quite low, as in 2 or maybe 3. Most people that would get access to this would end up being blocked until 50 rep anyway, and we need to be good with that. What this opens for is that occasional pearl that wants to engage and knows how to do so effectively. If you're posting that much code in an attempt to get clarification, you probably feel like you've figured out what the OP wants. Edit the question to fix anything that you can. It's rare that missing information is the only thing wrong with a question. Show the user through action that we take ownership as a community in all of the content that we curate. Comments copied to chat remain under the post so that can happen, and are (typically) flagged/marked as obsolete and removed afterwards. If we just moved them to chat, the useful bits might be overlooked and not made a part of the parent post. I like the idea, but I'm not sure of adding a feature when one that we have could suffice. How about just a post notice that says: The amount of belly-aching this would cause alone makes it a very expensive thing to implement. People get very attached to even their most tiny creations. In the case of comments on an extremely high signal-to-noise platform, those creations are unfortunately not likely to last very long. I see your point about how this could help to teach in a just-in-time way, but I'm pretty confident that would be in an underwhelming minority of cases. i am very exited! plz tell me where 2 start so i can learn how 2 program. And no, I think this example is precisely why banning W3Schools in comments would be a bad idea (even though I might be able to support banning it in answers). Someone posted a link, someone else explained to them why it was a bad resource, and that person learned something. Isn't that what we do here? Isn't that exactly the kind of thing that redeems comments as a feature of this site? i got a msg that said This post does not meet our quality standards. y is that? how can i fix it? i will just keep typing more until it goes away. i will just keep typing more until it goes away. i will just keep typing more until it goes away. i will just keep typing more until it goes away. i will just keep typing more until it goes away. i will just keep typing more until it goes away. might not be trolling? I don't buy it… The only things that we should be banning are things that actively harm the way the site works—i.e. its process. We ban questions that contain only jsFiddle links without any code because we know that those questions are not going to be useful to anyone else in the future. They interfere with what we're trying to do here. In my mind, that's very different from policing the content of people's contributions. I can't even figure what motivated this feature request. You acknowledge that banning links to W3Schools in answers is not a good idea, but you want to ban them in comments?