Articles of Confederation Note the history of how the Articles of Confederation were replaced through a motion and Convention, and serves as a historical precedent. The OP is correct in one instance, the Venona program revealed extensive, effective efforts by the Soviets to infiltrate American institutions and academia: My question just relates to the role that the Library of Congress played in this incident, a summary of which can be found below from the same Wiki article. 

Here, via Andrew Stuttaford, is an excerpt from a letter Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev sent to Castro after the Cuban missile crisis. Ed note (the text is furnished from PBS) 

"Men most capable of analyzing the qualities adapted to the station and acting under circumstances favorable to deliberation, and to a judicious combination of all the reasons and inducements which were proper to govern their choice." 

The nation states that Trump temporarily banned either are in the midst of a refugee crisis with infiltration of radicals amongst them or are failed states which has caused practical issues with vetting, Somalia, Yemen, Libya, Syria, Sudan, have imported to the US in recent years terrorists or terrorist supporters, Iraq, Syria, Somalia, or are on the list of states that officially sponsor terrorism, Sudan, Iran, and Syria, or a combination. 

In justifying the use of the Electoral College, Hamilton focuses on a few arguments dealing with why the college is used, as opposed to direct election. First, in explaining the role of the general populace in the election of the president, Hamilton argues that the "sense of the people", through the election of the electors to the college, should have a part of the process. The final say, however, lies with the electors, who Hamilton notes are 

Seemingly President Trump and a GOP Congress could dismantle Obamacare and replace it with a different solution in a matter of days. What are some of the nuances that would prevent a rapid replacement? Of particular importance are the Medicaid expansion (what to do with those new participants) and rebuilding the individual and small-business risk pools and provider networks. Are there existing estimates on the time it would take to accomplish? Jill Stein has commented on this, specifically in the article "Why 5% for the Green Party is a win for America" Link 

In a few cases, foreign-born nationals have carried out lethal attacks. They include Tashfeen Malik, who, along with her husband, was responsible for the San Bernardino, Ca., shooting that claimed 14 lives in December 2015. She was born in Pakistan, but spent most of her life in Saudi Arabia until she came to the U.S. in 2014 on a fiancée visa to marry Syed Rizwan Farook. He was born in Chicago, to a family originally from Pakistan. Neither Pakistan nor Saudi Arabia are on the White House list. 

The vote is not over until Certification The process is not complete until delivery of Certified results to the legislature, the elected position dictating which legislature in involved. The attached has the process in detail for each state, but a typical election is below. And the Bushitler and Trump Nazi references are too numerous to mention. When did the left, any commentator, reporter, politician or celebrity will do, start associating main stream conservatism and conservatives with Nazism and Nazis? 

Iran has called on foreign forces to leave Afghanistan, and has reportedly provided limited military support to anti-American forces as the Taliban. Are there any empirical studies that confirm or deny this supposition of Cove's in the US? I am not concerned at all that the report was correct in its conclusions or if the Obama administration was correct in trying to re-instate Zelaya. The report's conclusions seemed dispositive, however, as the administration bent to the conclusions subsequently and changed its position that Zelaya was "Constitutionally" the President of Honduras. However, this change in position may also have been because of the changing fact pattern on the ground as a scheduled election was due to be held. “I’ve had people talk about shoving a gun in my mouth and blowing my brains out. And I’ve received dozens and dozens of those emails. Even the non-threatening-my-life emails are very aggressive.” 

Similarly Gary Johnson wants to sell the Libertarian brand. Quote 

Trump is slightly ahead of schedule according to the reporting of 538, which relies some on the Washington Post:link:538 blog Strengthen the Federal commitment to assuring access to equal educational opportunity for every individual; 

We have lived through a very grave moment, a global thermonuclear war could have broken out. Of course the United States would have suffered enormous losses, but the Soviet Union and the whole socialist bloc would have also suffered greatly. It is even difficult to say how things would have ended for the Cuban people. First of all, Cuba would have burned in the fires of war. Without a doubt the Cuban people would have fought courageously but, also without a doubt, the Cuban people would have perished heroically. We struggle against imperialism, not in order to die, but to draw on all of our potential, to lose as little as possible, and later to win more, so as to be a victor and make communism triumph. 

Note that Saudi Arabia doesn't fall into these categories. Egypt either. And while these are observations, I think they are fairly compelling enough to point to a rationale why these countries were banned and not others. “At first everyone was kinda enchanted by it,” Kim said. “Now all the electors are starting to get beaten down. There are some electors who have been threatened with harm or with death.”