Separation of Powers and the rule of law In many democracies, state powers are separated into Legislative, Executive, and Judicial powers. 

When announcing the decision, Pai also held a much longer speech which can be read at the FCC website. The arguments are mostly the same as in the short NewsHour interview: There were no problems before, and regulations are bad, while the free market is better for everyone. 

What Trump is suggesting here is that this help was not given freely or solely to help the people of North Korea, but as a result of the threat North Korea poses. "Extortion" is just political hyperbole in this case. 

Once Latinos were arrested, bad things happened to them. Many were sent to Tent City, which Arpaio himself proudly called a “concentration camp,” [...] 

Additional reasons for outrage and meaning for future investigations Most of the outrage is of course not (only) because of the contempt for the rule of law, but because this isn't the first time Trump has shown his support for racists and white supremacists. And even those that agree with Trumps endorsement of white supremacists might agree that Arpaio was not a very decent person by any definition. 

While the pardon itself may have been legal, Trump circumvented the checks the judiciary could exercise over the executive (of which Arpaio was a part of). The law that prevented Arpaio from his illegal activities can be considered bypassed; It wasn't the law that governed, but Arpaio. Trumps pardon of him - without any sign of guilt or wrongdoing - is a support of Arpaio's ignorance of the law, and thus in conflict with the principal of rule of law. 

Trump’s surprise rise to become the GOP presidential nominee, built largely on a willingness to openly criticize minority groups and tap into long-simmering racial divisions, has reenergized white supremacist groups and drawn them into mainstream American politics like nothing seen in decades. [...] White supremacists are active on social media and their websites report a sharp rise in traffic and visitors, particularly when posting stories and chat forums about the New York businessman. [...] “Before Trump, our identity ideas, national ideas, they had no place to go,” said Richard Spencer, president of the National Policy Institute, a white nationalist think tank based in Arlington, Va. 

However, neither the promotion of the event nor slogans and signs at the event focused on this. 

Procedures and Reasons for Pardons Specifically, the pardon violated - not legally binding - procedures because: 

Maybe Wilson was an ordinary police officer with all the baggage it carries [link to a paper showing "implicit race biases in the decision to shoot potentially hostile targets in a multiethnic context"]. Maybe, like many of his peers on the Ferguson police force, he was hard on black teenagers. Maybe, like many Americans, he was a little afraid of them. And maybe all of this—his fear, his bias, and his training—met Michael Brown and combined to create tragedy. 

Because during the election, Trump was the candidate that most closely matched their political views: 

If you are looking for the stated reasons, Ajit Pai - the chairman of the FCC - explained his reasoning in an interview with PBS NewsHour. 

[I]f the president can employ the pardon power to circumvent constitutional protections of liberty, there is very little left of the constitutional checks on presidential power. 

Specifically, he mentions four things this reversal is supposed to achieve: more High-speed internet, more jobs, increased competition, and protecting online privacy. The first three issues are based on basic conservative free-marked/anti-regulation ideology. The last point is based on the idea that the FTC cannot regulate ISPs right now, because it cannot regulate common carriers. 

Arpaio is, of course, a white supremacist. [...] 

The rally was officially registered by Jason Kessler, a previously unknown white nationalist engaged in racist "white genocide" and antisemitic ""cultural marxism" conspiracy theories. 

The claim that exit polls show 60% for Trump is correct. Looking at the military.com poll, the fact that many voted by mail would likely reduce that percentage, not increase it, as those currently active are more likely to need to vote by mail, and according to that poll, they are less likely to vote for Trump. 

It is not so much that he is laying out a specific plan, but testing the boundaries of what can be proposed. 

Jonathan Capehart argues in the Washington Post that the narrative persisted because it fits the pattern: 

Slogans during the rally were for example "You will not replace us", "Jews will not replace us" and "blood and soil". Hitler salutes were shown frequently, and people marched alongside Nazi flags and swastikas.