It should be noted that NFP brings with it at least two important advantages (in direct contrast to contraception): it fosters self-control, rather than indulgence; and it helps couples to communicate with each other regarding the marital act. As mentioned above, a consummated marriage between two baptized persons (i.e., a consummated, sacramental marriage) cannot be dissolved for any reason. 

It should also be specified that this impediment holds for new marriages (which is why Canon Law specifies that only antecedent impotence can impede marriage). Impotence acquired after the exchange of consent does not affect validity. It is precisely the sacramental character of marriage that makes a sacramental and consummated marriage absolutely indissoluble: 

I am not really satisfied with any of the answers given here, because they do not seem to answer the question. 

Short-term and long-term effects The secondary consideration is the short-term and long-term health effects. 

The problematic aspect of this theory is not so much that these two notions are distinct (they evidently are, because empirically, gender dysphoria does exist) but the idea that “biological” sex is malleable—that it can be changed by a mere external procedure (such as surgery or hormone treatment). In man, an emotion is a type of “passion.” What that means is that some type of external stimulus or situation produces those emotions in us, and we do not full have control over them. We are “passive” with respect to our emotions; more often than not, they “happen” to us, whether we like it or not. (See Ia-IIae, q. 22, a. 1.) 

On the other hand, if the marriage bond never came into existence, then in fact a couple in this circumstance has lived a only a putative marriage, even if the situation has lasted for many years. (It must be stressed that the Church makes absolutely no moral judgement on couples in this situation; it is assumed that they acted in good faith.) (I will mention in passing that natural family planning need not be a haphazard endeavor. Modern advances in gynecology make possible an accurate discovery of the woman’s fertile period, which can be used both to encourage and to prevent conception. See the Billings method and the Creighton model for more information.) 

Hence, when the cardinal calls the granting of a declaration of nullity after many years of putative marriage a kind of "Catholic divorce," he does not mean that in a technical way. He is suggesting that many declarations of nullity of this kind are dishonest, because they seemingly disregard the lived reality, the many years of what appeared to be normal married life. (This is, however, Cardinal Kasper's personal opinion and not the Church's official position on the matter.) (The implication is that a merely disciplinary dispensation—say, from the obligation to fast on Ash Wednesday—could be given by word of mouth.)