A talent in Jesus' day was a large sum of money. In the parable in Matthew 25, the master gives money to each of three servants. To one he gives five talents, to another, two, and to the third, one. The master's expectation is that when he returns from his journey, each steward will have earned a return (loosely, a "profit") on the money entrusted to him. While interpreting and exegeting Ecclesiastes we need to keep in mind a couple of things. First, the preacher's observations and comments, for the most part, concern things "under the sun." True believers know, however, there is a meaning to life which transcends just the things under the sun, as good as those things might be. (One such good thing, as the preacher observes, is the enjoyment of one's work under the sun.) Think of the image of God in human beings (< L. Imago Dei, Hebrew: צֶלֶם אֱלֹהִים; tzelem elohim, lit. "image of God") as being a finite representation of divinity. What is of infinite degree in God is finite in man (humankind). In Ezra, chapter 1, we read the following: In other words, Jesus' disciples must use discernment and wisdom, which at times involves an element of shrewdness. By the same token, however, our lives must also be exemplary and blameless in the midst of a wicked and perverse generation (Matthew 16:4). Our good deeds are to bear witness to our heavenly calling, and they are to glorify our Father in heaven (Matthew 5:14-16). If in being obedient to our commission to make disciples (or in context here in Matthew to preach "The kingdom of heaven is at hand," v.7) we suffer for righteousness sake, then so be it. It is far better to suffer as our teacher has--since students are not above their teachers in this regard (vv.24,25), than to be well thought of and well spoken of by everyone we meet. Genesis 3:22 is instructive in this regard: an instance of sin within a local assembly of believers, and the protocol for dealing with that sin through a three-step process As terrible as the destruction of Jerusalem was for her inhabitants in AD 70, the destruction that occurs during the Great Tribulation will make General Titus's invasion look like a romp in the park by comparison. the Father's heart of love for the one sheep in a flock of 100 who goes astray or is led astray by sin or a sinner As Sir Walter Scott said (Marmion, 1808), "What a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive." In the affair of Abraham, Sarah, Hagar and Ishmael, there may not have been an intent to deceive, but there was certainly an attempt to perform an "end run" around God. We reap what we sow, and our tangled web is of our own making! Regardless, God still has the last word! This verse is really a conclusion of the passage on church discipline, a topic addressed in three ways: She gave Jesus a drink of water from her own bucket, which to the Jews of Jesus' day would be unthinkable (just think of the ritual uncleanness of it all!). Emotionally, God is characterized by supreme love ("God is love," 1 John 4:8 & 16), which is more than just a mere feeling, but it is also a behavior pattern which is expressed through sacrifice, selflessness, and unconditional positive regard for all people, even though they are helpless, ungodly sinners and act like his enemies (Romans 5:6-11). shrewdness is not without the elements of preparedness, study, audience analysis, and keen listening skills. Peter encourages us to In context, Jesus just taught his disciples not to judge in Matthew 7:1-5. The kind of judgment Jesus meant is the judgment of a critical and censorious spirit. That kind of judgment seeks to impute motivations to behaviors one person observes in another person. Since quite frequently, people have a tendency to project their own failings onto other people, Jesus had to teach his disciples that that kind of judgment is wrong. Jesus is making several points here. We will be helped in understanding these points by unpacking them one by one. Take a homely analogy. Cancer is ravaging a person's intestinal tract. The only recourse is to remove the cancerous intestines and transplant into the body of the cancer patient the healthy intestines from an organ donor who has just died. Is the transplant cruel or unfair, or does it contradict the Hippocratic Oath in any way? Of course not. Out with the diseased body part, and in with the healthy body part, to give the cancer survivor a new lease on life. He or she will still die, but their life could be extended for many years.