At least four other players have achieved and surpassed this, by scoring 100 runs and taking 10 wickets in a match. Of course to score 100 runs in a match, you need to score at least one half-century. A note on the method: I kept scrolling on the links until I got the impression that there was no way a missing lower score could appear. This was at 200 for tests, at 119 for ODI and at 50 for T20I. For instance in ODIs, 119 has been scored 31 times, and 3 times by Viv Richards alone, so I am pretty confident that all lower values will have been scored, but I didn't do an exhaustive check all the way down to 0. Alan Davidson for Australia (scores 44 and 80) Ian Botham for England (score 114, batted once) Imran Khan for Pakistan (score 117, batted once) Shakib al Hasan for Bangladesh (scores 137 and 6) http://stats.espncricinfo.com/ci/content/records/287370.html Runs: There is no fixed limit of runs in an innings, and scores over 100 are possible. The current record in a test match is 400 runs by Brian Lara. So even discounting not outs, the average could be over 100. 

Like any spin bowler variation, the intention of a backspinner is deception. The bowler hopes the batsmen will player the ball as if it was a regular stock ball and be surprised to find it behaves differently. In the case of the backspinner, the ball will tend to land fuller than the batsmen expects and bounce off the pitch lower and quicker than they expect (hence the term 'slider', the ball 'slides' off the pitch instead of bouncing up). The reason for this has to do with some simple physics (that I won't go into) and contrasts with the usual flight of a spin bowlers delivery. Usually a regular side spinning stock ball will also be topspinning somewhat, so an offspin stock ball typically is spinning towards fine leg rather than square leg and an leg spinner towards the slips rather than point. Topspin makes the ball land shorter than it would otherwise, and causes it to grip onto the pitch bouncing slower and higher than otherwise. If the batsmen has been facing many of these stock balls from a bowler they may become used to that bounce and pace. If a bowler then bowls a backspinner they may be deceived by the fuller, lower bouncing ball. This may cause them to play over the ball and be bowled or given LBW. 

Originally, the idea was that all teams must play every other team within a time window (I think it was 5 years) and only the most recent series against each opponent would count and be weighted equally. This was abandoned in favour of the above mentioned weighting of recent games because the cricket boards didn't want to be locked in rigidly to completing all the series that this would require. Basically teams like India, Australia, England and South Africa want to be playing each other much more often because that generates more revenue than playing against smaller countries like New Zealand or the West Indies. Particularly, everyone wants to play India as much as possible because that is where most of the money in world cricket flows from. 

So the number of players achieving the feat of scoring a half-century in one innings and taking 10 wickets in a match will probably be considerably larger than these four and Steyn (mentioned in question). T20 International: lowest score never achieved as of 2015 is 82 

Test match: lowest score never achieved by batsman in an innings as of 2015 is 229. A note on the method: I kept scrolling on the links until I got the impression that there was no way a missing lower score could appear. This was at 200 for tests, at 119 for ODI and at 50 for T20I. For instance in ODIs, 119 has been scored 31 times, and 3 times by Viv Richards alone, so I am pretty confident that all lower values will have been scored, but I didn't do an exhaustive check all the way down to 0. Innings - N.O. : This boosts the average if the player is not out. So if a batsman scored 50, then 60 Not Out, his average would be