Has facebook changed their API/Policy again? Or what is I am missing/not doing correctly there in the code? The below function generates error when a function contains referenced arguments eg: See: PHP Static Methods Tutorial for more info :) I would like to know if anyone out there knows about any program similar to WAMP; all-in-one containing PHP, MySQL, Apach like WAMPServer? Also how to disable following functions? Can we disable them using ini_set function? If your date is always in that format, you can also get the year like this: I would really appreciate your help and ideas. How can I disable the dangerous eval function? Can that be done using ini_set function? It should be available in php.ini file. You need to un-comment the line for curl extension: Also assume that i don't know beforehand whether they are passed by reference or passed by value. Well, guys I am looking for an answers suggesting disabling of these dangerous lovely fellows without going to php.ini file; I mean how to disable them at runtime or programatically? Yes, it is possible, that is know as variable functions, have a look at this. Example from PHP's official site: So that is the scenario. Looking for helpful answers/solutions. My question was that I don't want to disable the eval function from php.ini file altogether. For example, i have developed my own MVC framework. Now the framework users can specify from frameworks config file whether eval (and others) function should be disabled or not. So this is left to the choice of framework users. Once they specify to disable it; i should be able to disable the eval function programatically. So I'm curious. Does anyone have any solid arguments as to why applications should not be built on top of a RAD framework? And I'm not necessarily talking about generic applications (frameworks by definition try to solve a generic problem. The quesiton is does that translate well to specific problems). While there's little research that's gone into guessing entropy, there are some points that I'd like to point out. In general, I don't see the problem with constants and class constants as being a global problem. I see it as a dependency problem. It's a narrow distinction, but a definite one. I see global problems as in global variables which are not enforced, and as such create a soft global dependency. But a hard-coded class creates an enforced dependency, and as such create a hard global dependency. So both are dependencies. But I consider the global to be far worse since it's not enforced... Which is why I don't like to lump class dependencies with global dependencies under the same banner... We are in the process of planning for a rewrite of one of our fundamental applications. It is web based, and we are locked into PHP. However it is not a web 2.0 site. It's closer to an enterprise application. Edit2: Fixed the reason the array is slower (it's due to the iterated comparison instead of memory reasons). See compare_function for the iteration code... The reason I don't consider this a bug is that it's how references are supposed to work. Pre-incrementing a referenced variable will return that variable. Even a non-referenced variable should return that variable. It may not be what you expect here, but it works quite well in almost every other case... It's a tradeoff. If the array is small enough, iteration will be more efficient. But as the size of the array grows, it will becomes increasingly slower (and hence the function call will become faster). The issue is that now when i do: I'm trying to sign emails with DKIM using PHPMailer Class and i can't get it to work. P.S. i'd like a pure SQL solution but php is ok if it's needed. Tumblr and other blogging websites allows people to post embeded codes of videos from youtube and all video networks. RFC822 Format: 18 Feb 2012 14:27:18 -0000 Example of how the generation would be: What's a good approach to achieve this? When i see the headers in my emails on gmail, i find that the class is successfully injecting DKIM in the email header but gmail doesn't even care. Is this done using REGEX expressions? And Is there a PHP class to do that? Briefly, i know that but i don't know how to apply it :) I'd like to have a function that accepts a geo location (Latitude, Longitude) and generates random sets of coordinates around it but also takes these parameters as a part of the calculation: I have been trying hard for the last 5 hours or so to get the facebook users' birthday through facebook connect but I have not managed to do so. The same code worked previously and still works on other sites made earlier (old ones) but does not seem to work again. Here is the code: See: PHP Static Methods Tutorial for more info :) Yes, it is possible, that is know as variable functions, have a look at this. The below function generates error when a function contains referenced arguments eg: I would really appreciate your help and ideas. Well, guys I am looking for an answers suggesting disabling of these dangerous lovely fellows without going to php.ini file; I mean how to disable them at runtime or programatically? Example from PHP's official site: If your date is always in that format, you can also get the year like this: Has facebook changed their API/Policy again? Or what is I am missing/not doing correctly there in the code? Has anyone heard about PHP Shell Offender Script? It mainly used the eval function for the exploit. Hackers are able to run their PHP code on your site.