If this is your first time playing in a home game, there are a few ways this could be a mistake. The first is cheating; there is a small, generally negligent chance that the dealer and player you are in against are working together. He could have KK, and the dealer could base-deal a third King. Even without knowing that you won't get an ace as well and still win, this makes the odds of you winning very slim. The second is if you will get paid or robbed before you leave the game. Consider a situation where you've been winning all night in a deep game and now sit with 2000BBs. Some home games let players buy in for the largest stack on the table, and if this player is playing on credit, the home game could give you a long run-around for getting your money. The player who loses to you could also have friends in the area planning on taking this money back. You shouldn't be buying in with a stack that you can't lose. If you have $1000 to your name, you shouldn't be playing 5-10. Though it's still possible to win up to this amount. Consider you have $10,000 in your bankroll, and decide to take a very aggressive shot at 5-10 with 1 buy-in. If you lose it, you will move back to 2-5. But then the shot goes very well, and you run your $1000 up to $8000 or so. Most of the time, you should stand up. But let's also pretend it's a very soft table; someone is buying in for $1000 and losing it every hand with no sign of stopping. There may be a situation here that warrants folding AA against a different player; the value in the game so great that you don't want to leave, but you also don't want to take a 20% shot of losing roughly half of your net worth. To have every nut hand in your range: 22+, 32s+, 42s+, 52s+, ATs (pocket pairs; suited 0, 1, and 2 gappers; ATs) You will need to know the number of players you will have, your starting blind level and stack size, and your desired tournament length. Generally, you will not want to start with deep stacks for a short tournament. The final blind level can be calculated by dividing the total chips in play by 10. Finally, you will need to determine how long you want levels to last - longer levels will require bigger increases in blinds at each level. Table Stacks: Hero (BB) 600 Villain (CO) ~650 Limpers have 200-300 Generally, as stacks get shallower, cards matter more. As stacks get deeper, game dynamics and player tendencies matter more. There is no reason to deviate from standard procedure of burning a card before the flop, turn, and river when dealing with an all-in situation - it saves nothing and can only cause confusion. This dynamic also allows tremendous opportunities for varied play when deep. There is a lot more room to create fold equity when deeper, and there is also a lot more room to bet/fold when deep. When 2 players with 100bb stacks each get 100bb in by the flop, everyone is all-in, and no more mistakes can be made. When each player is 300bb deep, and they each get 100bb in by the flop, there are still 2 streets of big decisions left. The dynamics of a match, and quick adjustment, become much more important with deeper stacks. I call. 
Board: Ts 6s 3h Qs
Dead:  

         equity   win     tie     pots won  pots tied   
Hand 0:  64.352%  62.88%  01.47%  747       17.50     { KdKs }
Hand 1:  35.648%  34.18%  01.47%  406       17.50     { JJ+, AQs+, AKo } Any time a straight flush, quads, a flush, or a straight is not possible, the nuts is a set, and your pocket pairs have that. This strategy will be best employed against higher level thinkers, where there are significant meta-game factors and constant adjustment of ranges as the match proceeds. Board: Ad Js 2c
         equity   win     tie     pots won  pots tied   
Hand 0:  55.395%  42.77%  12.62%  6775      1999.50   { AhJh }
Hand 1:  44.605%  31.98%  12.62%  5066      1999.50   { AA, JJ, 22, AJs, A2s, J2s, AJo, A2o } In general, people will play 2 pair, sets, and overpairs pretty similar on the flop. They will also likely slow down on the same sorts of flushing turn cards. You always have to put your opponent on a range - someone showing set-type aggression on a flop of K82 rainbow is more likely to have a set than on a board of JT9 two-tone, because the first board has very few 2 pair or overpair type hands, and no draws, while the second has 2 pair, straight, straight draw, flush draw, and overpair possibilities. Player 3's raise stands, and he does not fold until action returns to him. If no one remains, then he wins the pot before he is able to fold. If he is not there to claim his winnings, then he should be blinded out (if a tournament), or sat out (in a cash game). In the case of a cash game, his money should be set aside and saved, as it is still rightfully his money, including the pot should he have won it. If he is deceased, then I believe his heir or estate has more a claim to the money than the other players at the poker table. If this is your first time playing in a home game, there are a few ways this could be a mistake. The first is cheating; there is a small, generally negligent chance that the dealer and player you are in against are working together. He could have KK, and the dealer could base-deal a third King. Even without knowing that you won't get an ace as well and still win, this makes the odds of you winning very slim. The second is if you will get paid or robbed before you leave the game. Consider a situation where you've been winning all night in a deep game and now sit with 2000BBs. Some home games let players buy in for the largest stack on the table, and if this player is playing on credit, the home game could give you a long run-around for getting your money. The player who loses to you could also have friends in the area planning on taking this money back.