It appears that all Yusuf (peace be upon him) has done was following the revelation (orders), else for the sake of honouring (the parents) and inviting his father (promptly), but Allah inspired him to do what he has done to accomplish the rewards of Ya'aqub and his trial, to interpret the first dream! 

So the fact that the Jewish shari'a seems full of hardship is not related to this ruling and it is simply due to their transgression and their manipulation of the scripture and shari'a of Allah. 

According to that either the Messenger of Allah (peace be upon him) declared honey as a prohibited food to him, or he has declared his slave girl as prohibited to him. Note that according the hadith he made an oath on that, and he asked the wife he was addressing when he made this oath to keep it a secrete, but she didn't keep the secrete and that is what is referred to in the verses (65:1-5). 

Al-Qurtubi quoted the hadiths of Jabir and abu Hurrairah in the context of the first part of the verse! 

All three kinds have examples in the qur'an and sunnah: makes the first reason stronger, because if the Messnger of Allah (Peace be upon him) answered that son (in some ahadith he didn't answer) then maybe his mother would be embarrassed with what she had committed in Jahiliya! He also quoted a Haidth from Sunan ad-Daraqutni, al-Awsat of at_Tabarni and zwaid al-Haythami which he qualified as sahih and supports the 3rd possible revealing reason and also goes ahead with the first hadith i quoted in my answer: He also added that part of this pledge was "to establish the religion and not be divided therein." as avoiding division is equal to avoiding following disbelievers. It appears that all Yusuf (peace be upon him) has done was following the revelation and orders, else for the sake of honouring (the parents) and inviting his father (immediately), but Allah wanted to finish or accomplish the rewards of Ya'aqub and his trial, to interpret the first dream! 

so apparently people who reject hermaphrodites use this verse as a proof. But al-Qurtobi emphasized that the quote is only speaking of the majority, this doesn't really exclude special cases (of pairs in Allahs creation) like transgender it only tells that the majority of humans are either male or female. 

This is the tafsir point of view. Tell us about the condition of the unlettered Prophet during sleep, 

On the other hand hermaphrodites exists and there are enough narrations in hadith collections (like here in sunan al-bayhaqi al-Kubra) -the most trustworthy are sayings or fatwas of sahaba like Ali and ibn 'Abbass- which show this fact so excluding, neglecting or rejecting their existence could be considered as wrong and as rejecting a creation of Allah in worst case. As Allah says in 42:49-50: I think to your concern I could find half of an answer because I still have no clue about the order of surat al-Qalam. There have been two periods of silence. 

Any real world examples what it means for a wife to be obedient? After that the female spider search for a male to fertilse her then she kills and eats the male.