There are many different views that Christians have regarding the fate of those who have never heard the gospel. See these two Wikipedia articles: 

In short, it is indeed possible that Premise 2 in the list is wrong: one does not have to hear about Jesus to be saved. However, this still doesn't take care of the contradictions in every case, if not everyone winds up in Heaven. For that, we must investigate further. 

Catholics believe this, in fact recently the Pope said atheists can get into Heaven 

Jesus himself says things like the passage in John 15: 

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salvation_(Christianity) 

We have seen Jesus teach twice now that people who were exposed to miracles and his direct teachings and nevertheless reject them are held more responsible than those who didn't. 

Here again we see Jesus supporting the idea that the amount of revelation plays a vital role and determines the consequences. 

1259 For catechumens who die before their Baptism, their explicit desire to receive it, together with repentance for their sins, and charity, assures them the salvation that they were not able to receive through the sacrament. 

http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_Universalist 

"If I had not come and spoken to them, they would not be guilty of sin; but now they have no excuse for their sin. Whoever hates me hates my Father as well. If I had not done among them the works no one else did, they would not be guilty of sin. As it is, they have seen, and yet they have hated both me and my Father." 

Justin Martyr (c. 100-c. 165) said, "Those who lived according to reason [the logos] are Christians," even though they did not know about Jesus. 

Source: http://www.catholic.org/news/hf/faith/story.php?id=51077 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fate_of_the_unlearned#Catholic 

Since no one has given this information yet, I will submit an answer to my own question. 

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, (LDS Church) or Mormonism, teaches that those who die without knowledge of LDS theology will have the opportunity to receive a knowledge of the gospel of Jesus Christ in the spirit world. 

1261 As regards children who have died without Baptism, the Church can only entrust them to the mercy of God, as she does in her funeral rites for them. Indeed, the great mercy of God who desires that all men should be saved, and Jesus' tenderness toward children which caused him to say: "Let the children come to me, do not hinder them,"64 allow us to hope that there is a way of salvation for children who have died without Baptism. All the more urgent is the Church's call not to prevent little children coming to Christ through the gift of holy Baptism. 

1258 The Church has always held the firm conviction that those who suffer death for the sake of the faith without having received Baptism are baptized by their death for and with Christ. This Baptism of blood, like the desire for Baptism, brings about the fruits of Baptism without being a sacrament. 

Augustine (354-430) rejected such ideas, arguing that before we die we must know about Jesus in order to be saved. Consequently, he believed that all the unevangelized are condemned to hell. Much later, Thomas Aquinas (c. 1225-74) agreed with Augustine on the necessity of knowing about Jesus, but went further to claim that for those few "brought up in the forest or among wolves," God would send the gospel message through miraculous means. 

I guess in some respects I am a Christian Universalist: 

At the end of the day, my answer to the question is that either God doesn't really desire all to be saved -- because He ultimately is capable of creating a world where everyone is saved -- or He desires all to be saved, in which case everyone is eventually saved. 

Calvinism (and classical Armenianism) holds strongly to Paul's doctrine of Original Sin and furthermore says that salvation is ultimately decided by God in advance, and does not depend on human decisions at all. They would point to epistles of Paul such as Ephesians 2:8 

http://www.amazon.com/Wideness-Gods-Mercy-Finality-Religions/dp/0310535913/ref=pd_bxgy_b_img_y 

In my opinion, it is very hard to resolve the contradiction between "God desires all to be saved" and the reality that not everyone is saved. It seems to me that human decisions somehow play a role. But for the Molinist, Calvinist etc we still have the question of WHY God would place people in situations where He knows they will choose to sin. And for everyone else there is the question of God hardening Pharaoh's heart, or using sinful actions (such as Joseph's brothers throwing him in a pit, or David's sleeping with Bathsheba and getting her husband Uriah the Hittite killed in battle) to bring about great things later in in the story. What happens to these imperfect people after they die?