Assuming you know nothing about the cards dealt, they don't matter, so the 66% holds up. In most calculations we would just ignore the folded cards since we don't have any definite information about them. If you want to factor them in, you can no longer calculate your exact pot equity, since you don't know how often your opponents are folding hands like Ax, KT, and K9, (and this would also depend how the betting played out preflop). It is almost always the case that factoring in the folded cards will have a very small impact on your pot equity, and it is impossible to measure exactly unless your opponents are playing like robots and you know their exact hand ranges. For these reasons, it is usually impractical to do so. You can infer that the probability of any of your opponents having had hands like AA, KK, QQ, AK, AQ is slim, so you can expect there to be a very slightly increased probability of A's, K's, and Q's appearing on the board than you would expect if you had no additional information. This means that the KJ has a slightly increased chance of hitting a straight, however this will have a pretty small impact on your probability of winning with JJ. In fact, hitting his straight will allow you to chop if he has paired his K, so the improvement to his hand by factoring in the folded cards is even smaller. If you have XY, there is also one way to make "quad Y" and C(3,2) ways to make "set X". If you have XY, there is one way to make "quad X" and C(3,2) ways to make "set Y". Now it is correct to say that you should always (at least) call when you have explicit odds in your favor: this is immensely EV+. (let alone the implied odds and discussions about fold equity if you are the one pushing all in semi-bluffing your draws but I digress) Simply put: as soon as a person folds the probability is higher (a tiny bit higher, but higher nonetheless) that the next players will get better cards than if the same player didn't fold. So if you do not start with a pocket pair, you have: p = 6 / 2 118 760 (or approximately 0.000002831845) I also remember a great blog post / article which was showing the distribution of cards over billions of flops and you could clearly see that it wasn't a totally random distribution but I never found that blog post / article back : ( Frisbee's answer is correct. But it only answers for eight players (although the other numbers are hidden in that table). Since the OP asked for 8-10, I will add the answers for nine and ten players. Assuming you know nothing about the cards dealt, they don't matter, so the 66% holds up. In most calculations we would just ignore the folded cards since we don't have any definite information about them. If you want to factor them in, you can no longer calculate your exact pot equity, since you don't know how often your opponents are folding hands like Ax, KT, and K9, (and this would also depend how the betting played out preflop). You can infer that the probability of any of your opponents having had hands like AA, KK, QQ, AK, AQ is slim, so you can expect there to be a very slightly increased probability of A's, K's, and Q's appearing on the board than you would expect if you had no additional information. This means that the KJ has a slightly increased chance of hitting a straight, however this will have a pretty small impact on your probability of winning with JJ. In fact, hitting his straight will allow you to chop if he has paired his K, so the improvement to his hand by factoring in the folded cards is even smaller.