The Indo-European sound change known as Brugmann's Law states that PIE *o became ā in an open syllable in Indo-Iranian. The Wiki page calls the law "controversial" and says that "Brugmann's Law has few supporters nowadays". Is this correct? Familiar cases of metathesis involve segments changing places, but metathesis can also operate at the subsegmental level, affecting individual features. I'm specifically interested in metathesis of POA features, like the following examples: Also, if the Greek voiceless stops were ejective, then either they became ejective after PIE for some unexplained reason, or the PIE voiceless stops were ejective too and lost their ejective feature in every attested language, both of which are implausible scenarios. 

He had his car stolen. He had his house repossessed. He's had three books published. These are different from the causative have construction: e.g. (1) doesn't mean "He caused his car to be stolen". What this construction seems to do is line up the subject with an argument that could be called an "affectee", i.e. someone affected by the action; another term might be "beneficiary", but in the broad sense of a referent who is either advantaged or disadvantaged by the action. 

(Btw, many or most common English words do not come from Latin and Greek, but directly from Proto-Indo-European.) What are the semantics of this construction? What constraints are there on the semantic role of the subject and its relationship to the action of the verb? For example, one constraint seems to be that the subject should be aware of the action: He had his car stolen, but he didn't realize it sounds strange to me. Also, it seems like the action has to be agentive (though the agent is someone other than the subject): He had his key lost is obviously bad. When and how did this construction arise? Is it historically an extension of the causative have construction? What other languages have similar constructions, i.e. ones that line up the subject with an "affectee" or "beneficiary" argument, and what do these look like morphosyntactically? (The "benefactive pivot" construction of some Philippine languages seems to be one example.) 

This is why Edenics is not recognized as a serious linguistic theory, and also why scientific historical linguistics does not work with resemblances at all, but with regular correspondences, which are a completely different concept. Finally, there are some phonetic descriptions of these Greek sounds by ancient writers, and none of them suggests that they were anything but plain voiceless stops. 

(By the way, the older form of the word samurai was saburai, which looks a lot less like shomer. This is usually the case with these accidental resemblances: the more you know about the words' histories, the less similar they look.) 

English has a somewhat unusual construction exemplified by sentences like the following: Latin and Greek, just like English, are Indo-European languages: they're descended from an ancestor language called Proto-Indo-European (PIE), which we know relatively little about because it was spoken before the invention of writing. Many Latin and Greek words can be traced back to PIE, though others cannot (sometimes because they're borrowings from other languages, sometimes because their etymology is unknown). 

As an addendum to cyco130's excellent answer, it's easy to see based on simple math that resemblances like the ones you cite can tell us nothing about language relationship. Typologically, stop systems of the type "voiced - aspirated - ejective", with no plain voiceless stops, are rare. 

So how controversial is Brugmann's Law? Does it have "few supporters" as per Wiki, or is there a (near-)consensus on it as I've always assumed? 

My impression is that, on the contrary, Brugmann's Law is widely accepted among Indo-Europeanists. For example, Fortson's Indo-European Language and Culture and Weiss's Historical and Comparative Grammar of Latin both mention it as a fact, without any reference to a possible controversy. 

From looking at some of the materials in the website you link to, the procedure seems to be: (a) ignore vowels; (b) treat consonants as interchangeable if they are members of the same phonetic class, of which there are six (bilabials, dentals, gutturals, fricatives, liquids, and nasals). (You can also metathesize or add nasals to your heart's content, but I'll ignore that.) This means that there are only six distinctive elements which can be compared. So if we're looking at a word that contains three consonants, there are a total of 6x6x6 = 216 possible types of such words. Within each type, all the words could be related to each other by this method.