I would suggest to update the page to read like this: I would gladly give my opinion on this, but I don't feel I am qualified enough to do so at this moment. 

I am almost certain he edited the question to remove the fluff from the question. SE is known for its short and clear questions with good answers. This edit was a way to achieve that. By removing unnecessary 'thanks', 'edit', etc. the posts gets clearer. We all benefit. 

Well, this user was clearly not editing for the reputation, since he has over 2K, so that means that he can edit without the review process and the reputation that comes from approved suggested edits. I agree the wording "extreme cases" is very wrong here. A post providing misinformation is not an extreme case, it happens every day. That section in the help center wants to point out you can use down-votes as last resort when helping improving through comments doesn't help, and that is a good thing. 

To explain myself a little further. And yes, it will trigger voting fraud scripts, as it should. We really appreciate you want to help users to become a member here, but such voting patterns are hard to distinguish from classic serial voting, and it even might end you up with the accounts merged. 

You really shouldn't. You should refrain from voting on your 'own' posts, posted under another account basically. I understand the thing you are doing here, but you should let the community vote on such posts. What exactly does it mean if the rules change? Does it influence businesses (aka SO), does it influence US citizens or everyone else too? Does this go further than a political standpoint as we have seen in the past of SO? What is the part of the proposal that should worry me? 

I have come across a site-meta question that ended up on the Hot Meta Posts side bar. At the time of writing, that post has about 1000 views. 

Accidentally I noticed that OP used his own server (his domain name is similar to his name) to store the images on of his post. A user changed those images to point to the official imgur account. Now OP has rolled back that edit. Another thought: on SO we had some 'Our answer to your questions' post. I think that would be useful for all the high-scoring answers on the previous post, so we have an official and clear statement on the questions posted there. Another suggestion regarding the above: a suggestion has been done a few times already to have a 'copy the code' button. If that can be implemented, can you put in a prefabricated comment in there with the required attribution? That would make users actually follow the guidelines you set now. In my opinion an answer must qualify to the same rule as questions do: I feel this question is going the wrong way... I am sorry but I have a hard time understanding how this influences Stack Overflow and me as an user of the site (from outside the US in my case). I have read the article but it is still a bit unclear to me.