I find this very confusing since it appears to imply that you can accept an answer on someone else's question, and/or that you can accept more than one. When searching generic names ("John" for example) it may be useful to order the results by reputation since only the first X are shown, and I'm more likely to find the John I'm looking for if the ones with 1 reputation are filtered out instead of what appears to be random ordering. It would be ridiculous if lex syntax highlighting wasn't supported in a website whose only objective is to ask lex questions. This is a much more realistic promise. And please no more "real name" signing. Just an old fashioned "I accept" button. Also, let's not talk about the "special" decision of wanting to make failed post attempts count as real posts for CAPTCHA purposes. (Note: I don't think it's necessary to specify that the badge cannot be awarded several times. Usually it's only specified if it can.) I bet you can't and this makes the whole "contract" that you have to sign with your real name (lol) completely pointless. For example let's say that you offer to give away or sell a pen that is worth $5 to random people in the street. If you give it away for free, almost everyone will accept it. If you sell it for 1 cent then only a small percentage will. But if you sell it for 5 cents, around the same number of people who bought it for 1 cent will buy it (logically, you would expect a decrease in the number 5 times greater than the decrease between "free" and "1 cent"). Jeff once said that everyone, including moderators, are asked for CAPTCHAs in case their account gets compromised. With that being said you will see less of them after you reach 10,000 reputation. The step between "free" and "almost free" will scare a very large amount of people due to psychological factors. I think it would be much more clear if we change it to: The cost of a downvote is - in theory - insignificant. But it "scares" people due to the psychological effects that a "cost" has. We can't have enough to cover all possible cases; I think not a real question is more than ok for discussions. Personally, I think that once you reach a certain reputation you should never see them as long as you are not posting something obviously automated such as 10 questions per second. The reasoning behind that is that while it's true that if a high rep account gets compromised the website can be spammed automatically, the CAPTCHAs are a huge pain in the ass and the relatively low chance of that occurring is not worth the hassle. Especially because all posts by a certain user past a certain date could be cleaned automatically as well, and because let's face it - it's just as easy for spammers to fill in the CAPTCHA manually. I think the text should be changed to something like this: Can you answer the question in the title without looking it up?