What verses, or other arguments, were made, particularly by Baptists at the time (to narrow the question), to support slavery, particularly as practices in the US, as an institution compatible with and/or condoned by Christianity? 

This is clearly talking about how believers ought to behave in a worship setting, for the sake of unbelievers, so it is assumed that unbelievers will, at least at times, be present at the believers' worship gatherings. 

I don't need an exhaustive list--I'm sure that would take tomes. An overview of the matter is sufficient. 

To be clear, most Christians do not celebrate "The Sabbath" on Sunday. Strictly speaking, Christians do not celebrate the Sabbath at all* (although many Christians still refer to their "day of rest" as their "sabbath day", even though this has no direct relationship to the Jewish Sabbath.) Christians traditionally celebrate on Sundays because this is the day Christ was raised from the grave. 

I have not yet found a specific, authoritative reference for the fact that Christians worship on Sunday because that is when Christ was raised, but some references include here and here 

"Bad Popes" Bad popes would be those who do not live up to their aforementioned duties. 

The following is an excellent historical work which overviews the medieval university, preparatory schools, popular education, technical education, women, hospitals, law, and economics: 

The Catholic Church—since at least the time of Charlemagne, his tutor Alcuin of York, et al.—promoted learning, established parochial schools, and laid the foundations of the modern university. The Church is "the pillar and ground of truth" (1 Tim. 3:15). 

being offered temporal help: "Woe, shepherds of Israel who have been feeding yourselves! Should not shepherds feed the sheep?" (Ez 34:2). 

Vatican I called this the Roman Pontiff's "pastoral duty" or pastorale munus (ibid.). 

The Council of Florence defined, and the First Vatican Council (Pastor Æternus cap. 4) reiterated, that 

Schismatics/heretics have said this. For example, the Collyridians sacrificed κολλυρίδας ("bread cakes") to her, and St. Epiphanius (d. 403) denounced this as mariolatry: 

On the part of the Church, however, there is mercy which looks to the conversion of the wanderer, wherefore she condemns not at once, but "after the first and second admonition," as the Apostle directs: after that, if he is yet stubborn, the Church no longer hoping for his conversion, looks to the salvation of others, by excommunicating him and separating him from the Church, and furthermore delivers him to the secular tribunal to be exterminated thereby from the world by death. For Jerome commenting on Gal. 5:9, "A little leaven," says: "Cut off the decayed flesh, expel the mangy sheep from the fold, lest the whole house, the whole paste, the whole body, the whole flock, burn, perish, rot, die. Arius was but one spark in Alexandria, but as that spark was not at once put out, the whole earth was laid waste by its flame." 

example: "Set the believers an example in speech and conduct, in love, in faith, in purity" (1 Tim 4:12); "Upon the mountain heights of Israel," that is, in the excellence of great men, "shall be their pasture" (Ez 34:14). 

In addition to spreading truth, the printing press also made it easier to spread error, untruths, and heresy. This certainly concerned the Church, and the Church's love for seeking truth and defending it prompted the establishment of the Inquisition (which did not execute a single heretic; the State, however, did). 

Regarding "bad popes" and such bad "popes" that they are not even popes, see this article: 

*Apparently some Christian groups do call Sunday "the Sabbath" (with a capital S), but I believe this is a minority view out of ignorance of the significance of words, and is rarely considered dogma. 

According to Wikipedia, which cites two sources, the Emerging Church sees itself as emerging from the "inherited church". 

This is clearly talking about how believers ought to behave in a worship setting, for the sake of unbelievers, so it is assumed that unbelievers will, at least at times, be present at the believers' worship gatherings. 

The wikipedia article on Slavery in the US states: 

I don't need an exhaustive list--I'm sure that would take tomes. An overview of the matter is sufficient. 

To be clear, most Christians do not celebrate "The Sabbath" on Sunday. Strictly speaking, Christians do not celebrate the Sabbath at all* (although many Christians still refer to their "day of rest" as their "sabbath day", even though this has no direct relationship to the Jewish Sabbath.) Christians traditionally celebrate on Sundays because this is the day Christ was raised from the grave.