Putting aside a violent overthrow of the government, since the impacts of such an event would go well beyond installing a simple theocracy, focus on the other two. They are inextricably linked, given the full weight of the requirements to amend the Constitution in accordance with Article V. 3/4 of the States would have to ratify any amendment. That means 3/4ths of the state legislatures would also need to be in [group] control. How large do you think [group] is, as a proportion of the populace? Anecdote A Colorado marijuana user court case of interest: Coats V Dish Network Part of it is most certainly about pandering to his base. 67% of Republicans believe too little is spent on defense. Though, there is room for universal appeal, where this could be an effort to unify the country, because 41% of individuals surveyed have a great deal of confidence in the military, while an additional 32% have quite a lot. Paul Ryan is on the note that Continuing Resolutions are uniquely bad for the Military. The response is very absolutist, a collection of statements that negate any misfortune suffered by white individuals. At the foundation, it is an endorsement of the mythic 'white privilege argument." My question is, what ethics rule is O'Brien referring to? Is this a rule that requires executive branch officials to put their assets in a blind trust? Or is this simply a rule that says that if an executive branch official chooses to have a blind trust, then it cannot be be run by his family members (which would just be a restatement of the definition of a blind trust)? (i) file notice of lien with respect to any property of a taxpayer by reason of any failure to pay the penalty imposed by this section, or But in any case, what the Court actually said is that if a student wanted a change in admissions policy at a public university, then the process that they would have to undergo in order to try to change the policy would depend on what the policy change they want is. If they wanted the university to take into account the fact that they're a child of alumni, they could just write a petition to the admissions committee. But if they wanted the university to take into account racial disadvantages that African American students faced, the process for trying to effect such a change would be to try to amend the state constitution again. So the government would be discriminating against people seeking changes based on the change they happened to want. It is this unequal treatment that the Court objected to. In fact, the only thing the IRS can do to collect the penalty is to deduct it out of your tax refund if you get one. But if you're not getting a tax refund and you pay all your taxes except the Obamacare penalty, the IRS is powerless to make you pay it. The bottom line is that it's an extremely small probability, which depending on your state could be as low as one in a hundred billion, and even the state where a person has the highest probability, the probability of your vote making a difference would only be one in ten million. As a point of comparison, the average person is only willing to pay a dollar to avoid a one in ten million chance of death, so assuming you value your survival over the outcome of the Presidential election, the von Neumann-Morgenstern rationality axioms state that it's irrational to vote if it costs more than a dollar to do so (for instance in terms of gas costs and the cost of your time). The Affordable Care Act states: Any help would be greatly appreciated. (A) Waiver of criminal penalties I'm aware that the budget process is different from the appropriations process, but does this deal address appropriations as well? Does anyone know when appropriations are scheduled to run out? So sometimes "color-blind" policies on paper, in concert with discriminatory judgment in practice, might produce unconstitutional outcomes. There have been studies, for instance, where two identical applications are given to various employers and application is rejected more often when the applicant's name looks African American. Yet the employers' policies may not mention race at all. Analogous things might happen in college admissions. Bringing back the DC school voucher program Reversing the phaseout of energy-inefficient incandescent lightbulbs Prohibiting the Post Office from closing rural post offices or cutting Saturday delivery Requiring the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste facility to be maintained Defunding a (small) Obamacare "slush fund" Stopping the Export-Import Bank from reducing funding to carbon-producing power plants Defunding foreign aid to Libya unless the Secretary of State certifies that the Libyan government is cooperating with the Benghazi investigation. I'm surprised that Democrats agreed to all these policy riders. Of course, when the bill goes back to the House there's still a chance that Republicans will add even more policy riders, which Democrats might object to. So we're not out of the woods yet as regards a government shutdown, although a temporary stopgap bill is going to delay the shutdown date by a few days after January 15.