You ask for specific methods: Since becoming aware of your influences and stylistic leanings will only help matters, getting some critiques of your work with that in mind may help. However, volume is your friend: Get those pages written. Don't stop if they suck, just keep going. You won't learn from the experience if you don't. Some specific working regimens, if you don't have them, may also be of help here. People don't behave rationally all the time, and neither do characters in fiction. Your characters don't need to make the right choices all the time, they just need to make believable choices that we understand. It's absolutely okay to leave these out. You'll be making the text more concise and the reader will have less work to do. The only time you want to use tags like "I wondered", "I thought", "I worried", and so on, is when they actually add information, or clarify the situation. For example: It's important to remember that the characters live in your head, but they only are present in the reader's consciousness to the extent you place them there through your words. As a writer, I also dislike writing physical descriptions, but as a reader, they are very helpful in helping visualize a character. When a physical description comes in a book after you've already formed a mental image of a character, it can be jarring if it doesn't match. A higher caliber of humor is based on your characters. A character who is insecure, or uptight, or awkward, or overconfident, or pretentious, or just plain dumb can be an endless source of humor, in the right situations. I am an excellent editor, well able to work with someone to bring out the best in another author's writing, and I'm also very good with overall plot and structure. However, when it comes to writing fiction, I'm weak. I'm very impatient with the process, and my writing tends to be thin, rushed and elliptical. It's worth looking at a few recent controversies around this: When the character "Rue" was played by a black actress in the first Hunger Games movie, there was an outcry, despite the fact that the author of the original book had always envisioned the character as black. She is actually described that way in the book, but subtly enough that many readers missed it. Similarly, Ursula LeGuin's A Wizard of Earthsea was adapted for the screen twice, and both times the dark-skinned main character of the book was re-envisioned as white-skinned, much to the author's displeasure. Again, the descriptive cues are there in the book, but subtle enough that readers missed them. Whether you can pull this off depends on the personality of your characters. Not everyone gets dramatic in a high pressure situation. Some people get very calm. If you've established your character as someone who is cool-blooded and focused (or alternately, as someone who is usually NEVER cool-blooded and focused) this could be a strong scene for her. My concern is this: the reader will invest emotionally in the character of the first chapters, only to see her disappear in the middle of the novel. Is it better to leave them out in situation like this? Why or why not? "I wanted to take a photo from a high angle, but my phone fell from my selfie stick and hit me in the eye. Silly, huh?" She broke into a quiet giggle. I'm writing a novel where a person who has decided to commit suicide can hire some murderers to kill he/him in the way he/she prefers. There are only two members running this service. A man and a woman. What's usually better* in fiction? The original version of the passage or the second one? (a personal statement or an universal one?) The "filter/filler" here is looked at it (not sure if this is the correct term). I could have written the bolded part as: "Because I loved him, nothing he did was boring to me." "Something more complex?" Sumire blinked a few times at me. Example from my own writing (this is happening in the same scene): Perhaps by putting his comrades in danger Mike is, in some way, redeeming something else? People don't behave rationally all the time, and neither do characters in fiction. Your characters don't need to make the right choices all the time, they just need to make believable choices that we understand. You ask for specific methods: Since becoming aware of your influences and stylistic leanings will only help matters, getting some critiques of your work with that in mind may help. However, volume is your friend: Get those pages written. Don't stop if they suck, just keep going. You won't learn from the experience if you don't. Some specific working regimens, if you don't have them, may also be of help here. What, exactly is "bland, generic fantasy" to you? I suggest you define what it is you're trying to avoid. Make a list if you're so inclined, or just get it straight in your mind what you want to sound different from. You could then go ahead and write, specifically avoiding these areas. While this could push you into writing about new and interesting things, it could also be difficult restriction to deal with. What if there's very little left after this process?