What you are referring to are prosodic word boundaries. Prosody deals with the relative prominence of linguistic units, but it also deals with the delineation of those units at different levels. Prosody can be encoded in the "ups and downs" of speech melody, but it also manifests itself in terms of duration (of speech units and of pauses) and intensity, among other things. All of these acoustic properties can be used by a speaker to cue prosodic boundaries, including word boundaries. 

I think you need to tease apart the concept of allophony from the concept of complementary distribution. As people have mentioned in the comments, the two don't necessarily go hand in hand--i.e. it is not necessarily the case that two phones that are in complementary distribution can be assumed to be allophones of the same phoneme (as Alex B. mentioned), nor is it the case that the distribution of two phones--each of which is a possible realization of a single phoneme--will never overlap in their distribution. It's the second assertion that is relevant for your Brazilian Portuguese example. 

There's even cliccare, a verb formed by attaching the verb ending -are to the root clic, from English to click. 

English has acquired many terms from Italian as well: opera, stanza, pianissimo, a cappella, falsetto, but I could really go on. It's also not a coincidence that these terms are all related music and theatre. Italian has been the Lingua Franca in Europe in the past, such as during the Renaissance, and many terms are still used in present day. 

There are different levels of arbitrariness but for the sake of this answer I'll skip this part since it could get very long. 

Cultural transmission: This refers to the fact that languages (and all that this includes) is transmitted to future generations. Also, these don't necessarily acquire the language from their biological parents, but rather from the society where they grow up (which might include their parents). 

Arbitrariness: A language is made of many symbols that are placed together to form utterances, using the grammar rules for that given language. But symbols are arbitrary: there is no natural link between a signifier and signified. If you say cat, there is nothing in this word that would naturally link it to the meaning of "cat" or to the actual animal. 

Language properties Some of the language properties are (some of these are translated from other resources so if you spot a mistake, just let me know): 

Actually, natural languages are spoken or signed: written language is an artificial creation made by man and this includes also systems like Braille (for blind people), etc. There are many languages that nowadays lack a written form. 

I didn't mention it because it didn't seem fundamental to answer your question, but it can add value to the discussion. Like others said, we have deictics in languages. They are highly dependent to the context, and if you listen to an audio conversation, they might represent a problem if you want to fully understand that dialogue. I had some notes about this matter: "Deictic" comes from the Greek word for "pointing" or "indicating". It is reference by means of an expression whose interpretation is relative to the context of the utterance, such as: 

To show how huge this terminological divide between Anglo-American linguists and the rest of the world is, in Granger and Meunier 2008 (23 papers, more than 400 pages), the term "set phrase" is used in two papers only (!), three or four occurrences only, the phraseological unit or phraseme being used much more frequently. 

Incidentally, the level and scope of lexicographic research in Novyj objasnitel'nyj slovar' sinonimov russkogo iazyka (Apresjan et al. 2004, 2nd edition), compiled by Apresjan's research group, is unprecedented. Unfortunately, no dictionary of synonyms published in English, German, or French comes even closer to the comprehensiveness and detailedness of Apresjan et al. 2004. 

This is traditional phonology, not generative. 

Thus, a segment is "any element, at any level of representation, which is described as forming sequences with others" (Matthews 2007). 

The final draft is available here 

Dressler and Ladanyi 2000 argue there is a difference between a word-formation nest ("all synchronic and morphosemantically identifiable derivations from the same base") and a word family (both synchronic and diachronic derivations). 

The last three categories are also known as "composites," as opposed to formulae (i.e. pragmatically autonomous utterances). 

Here's a screenshot of the relevant section from http://www.blackwellpublishing.com/shockey/ 

For more details, see Burger, Dobrovol'skij, Kühn, and Norrick 2007 or a collection of papers in Granger and Meunier 2008. 

There is no such "universal" definition - and if there were one, it would be useless. 

Thus, a single diphthong in English represents one phoneme. 

The meaning of the name, if any, does not (or not any longer) determine its denotation [semantic]. - see my examples above 

a phonetically similar/same base 

cf. Berwick 1998's observation that recursive generative capacity is an inherent property of Merge (p. 332). They are both concatenative (or combinatorial) operations; however, Merge involves hierarchy. 

For example, the dominant of the synonymic series "strong, stout, sturdy, stalwart, tough, tenacious" is strong. 

German gut 'good'- besser 'better' 

Chomsky says that Merge is putting alpha and beta together. If you want to add gamma to it, then you add gamma to a object [alpha+beta]. The issue here is that for [alpha+beta] to be different from a mere sum of alpha and beta, some new property must arise, otherwise we’ll end up with iteration. What is this new property?