Tools Except for the pump and rags, a typical bicycle multitool will have all those and cost between 20USD and 40USD. A "standalone" version of each tool will almost always be better than what's included in a multitool, but more expensive to get a whole set. However, you can get a decent set of hex keys for under 10USD and tire levers for 5USD and still be a bit cheaper than a multitool. 

The primary purpose of chain lube is to lubricate the rollers and other internal parts of each link, not to lubricate the outside. Excess lube on the outside of the chain will get dirt stuck to it, that dirt will slowly work its way into the rollers that you're trying to protect, and dirt inside will grind away at the internal parts and wear out the chain faster. 

Where? I would go to my local bicycle shop to get them, or there's plenty of places you can order them online. I have no idea what Walmart stocks. REI, Amazon.com, jensonusa.com, etc. The only place recommendation I'd go with is: your local bike shop, that's owned by people into bicycles and primarily sells bicycles; they're bound to have some tools for sale. 

My question is can the drive side cup be replaced, is it part for the freewheel, or is the hub toast and do I need to use it as an excuse to upgrade to something a lot better? 

My dad had this exact problem (Just one knee). My first attempt was 150mm cranks. No where near enough, but worth the $30.00 (Cheap kids bike part) as an experiment. 

More expensive options include pivot cranks and "Power Cranks" and are worth investigating is money is no option. 

If have a Shimano FH-M475 rear hub, the cones are pitted and need replacement, the bearing cup on the drive side is pitted, probably still usable, but will never be great. The left side cup is still good. 

I have (in desperation - bike shops 100km away, no spare chain parts), used a vice and pointy grips to do press the pin in - the repair was dodgy but got us on the road. 

I would invest $120 or so for crank shorteners. This will establish what length you need and allow adjustment as your knees improve. Stay on the shorteners till you feel the improvement has stopped, then consider purchasing/fabricating cranks of the correct length. If you invest in short cranks now, you may be buying longer ones later. 

I wouldn't use toilet-paper (WC-paper), as that's usually pretty flimsy and will leave bits of itself behind. You don't want to wipe with something that will leave anything behind. Use a lint-free rag of some sort. I either use a worn out dish towel or a worn out sock. A sturdy paper towel would probably be fine. 

Tools Except for the pump and rags, a typical bicycle multitool will have all those and cost between 20USD and 40USD. A "standalone" version of each tool will almost always be better than what's included in a multitool, but more expensive to get a whole set. However, you can get a decent set of hex keys for under 10USD and tire levers for 5USD and still be a bit cheaper than a multitool. 

You can easily find a "bicycle multitool"/"multi bicycle tool"/"bike multifunction tool" that covers all the basic essentials in one tool. There's tons of brands and models and what's most readily available may vary regionally, but common brands I've seen are: Park, Crank Brothers, Topeak, Serfas.