Well in live, yes you can, there is nothing stopping you from physically turning your hand over and if you're all-in your hand cannot be made dead. So I was playing a live event over the weekend and I had a situation occur after moving to a new table I've never heard of or seen before. Ideally I'm looking for someone with floor experience to answer but if anyone has seen something like this I am curious what your TD/Floor staff ruled in the following situation: So what you gain in folds will cost you at least a round penalty. Late stages in a live tournament, there are 3 levels left until end of day 1, with 30 minute clock. Hero is moved to a new table. Seat 1 is villain in question. Hero opens on the cutoff, villain is on the button. Hero does a standard open, nothing exciting, villain tank calls. We go to the flop, now this is where the situation begins before the flop is dealt, a player not in the hand mutters "He's been tanking all day, it's getting ridiculous", which is followed by several players agreeing. Hero continues about half of pot, villain tanks. After 20 seconds pass table calls clock. Villain uses his entire time and folds. Next hand, villain again tanks preflop, immediately the same player calls clock, again as we reach the floop the same player calls clock again on the villain. After calling clock 3 times in as many streets of action the floor gives a verbal warning to the player who has called clocked 3 times. However it is extremely bad etiquette. I have been a poker dealer for 3 years, dealing around the world, I can guarantee you you will get a penalty. Even if a player doesn't call floor on you the dealer should, I know I would. You are effecting the game unfairly and really the dealer's job is to enforce a fair game and a smooth running game. Maybe in a local casino or home game where the rules might be a bit more relaxed, you know the staff, everyone is friendly, you can get away with it, any event or really most places you will get a penalty. I am going to ignore the bet amounts and your stack size first and give you a general answer, you have no fold equity anyway. Plus why bother turning your hand face-up? If they have anything beating you they'll call, if they're flipping they'll call. Hell with your stack size the guy who made it 70 will call with any two likely, you'll be beating nearly his entire range anyway.. You're only going to get folds from hands you're crushing which you want to call you. You're just giving information away for free.