More precisely, the probability of any given outcome is the ratio of all the favorable outcomes and every outcome that is possible. (so favorable / everything) You could say that probability is just theoretical, but the law of large numbers says (in plain english) that the more you try (approaching infinity, that is), the closer your results will get to your theoretical probability, or expected value if you will. That is quite mindblowing if you think about it, but also makes a lot of sense. Expected value is simply the product of the probability of something happenning AND the 'value' of that something. ( probability * value ) Probability: the chance of a particular outcome. The probability of randomly chosen card from a deck being an Ace is exactly 4/52 because every card looks exactly the same from the back, you have 52 of them and only an Ace (of which it has 4) is favorable. Just thought of something even more simple: Let's say there is only one card, face down: an Ace. Now I tell you that if you flip it over and it's an ace, then you get 100€. How much is your expected value? Of course it's 100€. Why? Because the probability of it being an ace is 1 (or 100%) your potential winning is 100€ so 1 * 100€. Now what if you had two cards face down, and only one is an Ace? Three cards face down? Four? Seventeen? What is your expected value in each case? Two Pair with board cards: 691 idem for the second card (with 9 diamond cards left): By multiplying the two, you get (10/47 * 9/46) =~ 4.16% By multiplying the two (because you need the first AND the second card), you get (8/47 * 4/46) =~ 1.48% And with no gap, like in the example you gave, there are 3 types of combinations that will give you a straight: 2-3, 3-7 and 7-8. Each of them has 1.48% so you have 4.44% chance of hitting your straight. By the way, the same method will give you the probability of hitting a flush: the second card must be one of the 4 cards of the other rank (if, for example, a 5 was dealt on the turn, the 4 cards are 4c, 4d, 4h, 4s). Probability of hitting the first card: 6/47; Probability of hitting the second card: 5/46; To convert backdoor draws into probabilities, you need to multiply the probability of hitting the first card by the probability of hitting the second card given that you hit the first card. Other: (No Pair, One Pair): 8228 The only combination of ranks that will give you a straight is 4-5. Then, Hole cards: 2:diamonds:3:diamonds:. Flop: T:hearts:5:diamonds:J:spades:. Probability of hitting the first card: 8/47; Probability of hitting the second card: 4/46; Randomly dealing a turn and a river on the example hole cards and flop from your example 10 000 times got me these results: Probability: the chance of a particular outcome. More precisely, the probability of any given outcome is the ratio of all the favorable outcomes and every outcome that is possible. (so favorable / everything) Expected value is simply the product of the probability of something happenning AND the 'value' of that something. ( probability * value ) You could say that probability is just theoretical, but the law of large numbers says (in plain english) that the more you try (approaching infinity, that is), the closer your results will get to your theoretical probability, or expected value if you will. That is quite mindblowing if you think about it, but also makes a lot of sense. The probability of throwing 6 with a dice is exactly 1/6 because all the sides are perfectly equal, there are 6 of them but only 1 is favorable in this case. If i say I'll give you 100€ every time you manage to pick an Ace from a deck of cards, then your expected value is 4/52 * 100 = 7,69€. Why? Because you are virtually winning the 4/52nd part of the 100€s every time you pick a card.