To a significant degree, the Jesus movement arose from earlier Pentecostal influences (e.g. Blessit, Meissner, Smith were all from Pentecostal backgrounds), Concurrent with (or slightly after) the wider Charismatic renewal (It is legitimate to see the Jesus Movement embedded within the context of the Charismatic Renewal). It's effects contributed to the origin, diversity and vitality of many Pentecostal, but particularly (non-denominational or new denominational) Charismatic churches and ministries. 

In many ways, Zwingli was more "Protestant" than Luther - his rejection of the concept of the real presence in the Eucharist and limiting communion services to four times a year was a major step towards a "de-liturgized" service. While it's genesis in England showed distinct signs of the latter - cf. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henry_viii#Reformation : They still did describe the order of service as a liturgy, but there was a radically new conception of what that meant. The wikipedia article on the Jesus movement is both a little confused, and a little confusing, this is most likely because that description is true of the movement itself - it was diverse and quite spontaneous in it's rapid and widespread growth from multiple 'ignition points' and what influenced it and what came from it is an extremely tangled network. You can get a good sense of the times from reading Keith Green's autobiography "No Compromise"; brief histories here and here; or the following Charisma magazine article from Larry Tomczak here*; and I personally had my interest piqued in those times by hearing first hand accounts from Winkie Pratney who was a leader in the movement and familiar with many of the key players. 

Of course, the crux of the matter is - what was the situation in Continental Europe and in particular, what were the circumstances surrounding Martin Luther and the very beginning of the Reformation? Was Protestantism really birthed out of the objections a Theology professor had to the 'Indulgance Industry', or were there dark forces at work behind the scenes - worldly potentates plotting to appropriate ecclesiastical booty for their own aggrandizement - pulling Luther's strings? Well according to most accounts (at least the ones that don't have a specific axe to grind), the evidence points very much to the former (cf The Economist's article How Luther went viral). While the nascent Reformation did catch the eye of at least some Princes relatively early on, it wasn't until some years later that this translated into official breaks with recognized Church (and in the case of the member states of the Holy Roman Empire, temporal) authority which admittedly bore some prospect of enrichment at the expense of the church, but also the high likelihood of war with states loyal to Rome - it was no light undertaking, and it least in the case of the German states, was far more likely to be the result of conviction than opportunism. (cf. source 1,source 2 & source 3) Summary: Although there was a measure of top-down influence on the development of the Reformation (especially in England), the dominant characteristic was actually bottom-up and Belloc's thesis is not well supported by a comprehensive overview of the genesis of Protestantism. 

Firstly, the advent of Pentecostalism significntly preceded both the Charismatic Renewal and the rise of the Jesus Movement - the former arose out of the Holiness movements of the late 19th century and really kicked into gear with the Asuza street and Welsh revivals of the early 20th century, while the latter two, although heavily influenced by the former, were '60s children' (Charismatic renewal starting in early 60s, Jesus movement taking off in the late 60s). 

To provide a generalised summary answer to the first aspect of your question: 

The Great (East-West) Schism was a massive trainwreck centuries in the making and centuries in its outworking. At what point in the process did the Roman see start identifying itself as the Catholic Church in exclusion to the Eastern Churches? Seminal moments and locations were the opening of 'the Living room' - an evangelical street mission in San Francisco's Haight-Ashbury district (1967); Arthur Blessit's street ministry on Sunset Strip (West Hollywood) (1968); Jack Spark's campus ministry at UC Berkeley; and Linda Meissner's ministry to youth in Seattle. 

Yes, absolutely - Dr. Michael Brown (later associated with the Brownsville revival) is a notable example of exactly this, and he is by no means alone - various influential leaders and people associated with the movement that went on to have impact through subsequent ministries can be found here. I'm not interested in what event caused this to theoretically happen, but when the Roman Church started using this particular terminology to refer exclusively to itself. 

*The Jesus Movement is a not uncommon theme in Charisma magazine articles 

Contrary to what the Wikipedia article implies, the Calvary Chapel was not a 'product' of the movement, but existed before (founded 1965), and was a key player in fostering the movement on the West Coast of the U.S.A. (starting from 1969). Although the movement was national and ultimately international in its reach, the West Coast of the U.S.A. was probably the 'ground zero' of impact, and the Calvary Chapel movement was both considerably benefited and challenged by the rapid influx of new believers that came as a result of the separate yet relationally linked Jesus movement. What it does get right however, and this is most pertinent to your question, is the strong pentecostal/charismatic 'flavor' of the movement. It's possible there were pockets of the movement that didn't pursue and experience the sign gifts of the Holy Spirit (for instance, arguably the 1970 Asbury Revival in Wilmore, Kentucky, although links to the wider Jesus Movement are obscure), but they were few and far between. Chuck Smith (pastor of Calvary Chapel) started out as a pastor for the International Church of the Foursquare (Pentecostal) and under his direction, the Calvary Chapel movement, while backing away from Pentecostalism as a defining characteristic, remained (and continues to be) strongly Charismatic (Evangelical) in character. One of the key leaders in the Jesus Movement was 'power-evangelist' Lonnie Frisbee - a disciple of Chuck Smith and a highly influential and controversial figure in the Jesus Movement. There is no doubt that controversies surrounding Frisbee and others like him in the movement (bearing an uncanny resemblence to the early Corinthian believers as they came out of a sub-culture that more closely resembled that of early Corinth than the 'square' culture of mainstream America) likely resulted in the movements gradual dissipation from the early to mid '70s through to the mid '80s. As well as the Calvary Chapel movement, The Vineyard movement, Maranatha Campus Ministries, Contemporary Christian music and many other ministries were impacted by the legacy of the Jesus Movement - a large (if not overwhelming) majority of them being Pentecostal or Charismatic in nature.