This importance in the minds of both Hitler and the Wehrmacht can be seen by tracking number of divisions stationed in Norway over the curse of the war: 

Churchill himself in The Grand Alliance (page 232) lists attendance and evacuees in Greece as follows (from which my calculations give total evacuees and casualties on the last two lines): 

From this summary of the Nuremberg Judgements for major defendants the compilation below is of the finding on Count IV, Crimes against Humanity for each: 

(3) Members of regular armed forces who profess allegiance to a government or an authority not recognized by the Detaining Power. 

The German high command (OKW and OKH) was never of a single mind on anything but, not being privy to the intense pressure applied by Stalin for a second front in France, many high ranking officers believed that the Western Allies would begin the re-conquest of Western Europe by invading Norway and then blocking transport of the Swedish iron ore which were almost as vital to the German war effort as the oil in Ploesti. 

Did the US indeed expect that the explosion will destroy just one factory rather than the entire city? 

There were even some hints that the Nazis made certain propaganda canpaigns against use of chemical weapons which involved WWI war veterans who suffered from gas attacks. 

Well, I own the Lesser Soviet Encyclopedia (1958) and it still blames the both sides. 

Beevor does little to restrain himself in wording and language, sometimes attempting to attribute hate speech to unnamed witnesses. In many cases he makes collective accusations against Red Army soldiers: 

In Russian Empire for instance there were multiple bloody anti-Jewish pogroms. The only reason why the Jews were not killed by the non-Jewish population at the time was that the state mostly made efforts to protect the Jews or at least to limit the extent of hostilities. 

Further they postulate that 90% raped (i.e. 90% of all women engaged with Russians) conducted abortion. This way they multiply 1156 by 10 to arrive at 11560 "raped". 

THE SECOND WORLD WAR 1939-1945, the war, prepared by the forces of the international imperialistic reaction and unleashed by the chief aggresssive powers - fascist Germany, fascist Italy and militaristic Japan. The Second World War, like the First one, arose due to the law of unevenness of the development of capitalist countries under imperialism and emerged as a result of contentions about sale markets, raw materials' sources, spheres of influence and application of capital. 

An example, a reference to an anonymous female diarist: 

I sometimes encounter accounts that the main reason why chemical weapons were not used in WWII was because initially they were invented by a Jew Fritz Haber, and as such Hitler expressed opinion that use of chemical weapons was inhumane and "Jewish" method of warfare. 

Judging from the pattern which the Nazis established in their dealings with different ethnic groups, it is reasonable to assume that the Nazis would attempt 

And, of course, these sub-humans all were alcoholics: 

At the time no German tank could do anything to KV-2 and the only ways to combat them were either using anti-air guns or calling the bombers. 

Regarding the poster, it is evidently a fake because the USSR never was at war with Great Britain not to say, bombing London. Even at the hight of the Germany-Soviet relations the official position of the USSR was that they were neutral. Making such poster would be contrary to the stance of the USSR in foreign policy. 

In their book Sander and Johr define rape as any kind of sex with a person in power, including sex for food, prostitution, sex for getting job etc. This definition of rape is certainly not mainstream and does not reflect any country's criminal code. But Beevor does not warn the reader about the fact that Johr and Sander use a very specific definition of "rape". 

So, the change happened between 1958 and 1971. 

p. 410 ‘All in all’, Anonymous, p. 102 

How was Munich captured in WWII and how much time did it take? For example was it on a scale of three days? 

p. 412 ‘Go along, for God’s sake!…’, Anonymous, p. 66 

The basic fact is that post-WWII German government had no continuity with the pre-defeat one. Actually German state was completely demolished, and after a while, two new states were re-instituted.