On top of this, you could further hedge against going OTB by practice stoppies (lifting the rear wheel under hard braking). If you do this, you will be much more in control during emergency stops. So to answer your question, yes, you should shift your weight back when you brake (along with bracing your arms, of course). Because if you don't, you will fail to do so in an emergency stop, when it really matters. On a recent Sunday ride on a country road, I was slowly overtaken by a group of (5) guys on road bikes. They were "proper" road cyclists, if you know what I mean. Bailing out is a bit tricky at higher speeds, but hopefully you'll never need to. When they passed me, I just slipped in behind them and drafted for about 5 miles until we parted ways. What is the fastest possible way for you to stop? Edit: As for the why question: there are various reasons why people would want to do this - to protect the bike from railings being one, to make it less attractive to thieves is my concern, making it look 'individual' is another reason to do it. Can you use puncture repair glue or does it have to be 'gaffer tape'? The bike is an aluminium framed MTB with suspension (rather than a roadie-courier bike that usually gets subjected to such treatment). What is the best way to wrap a frame with bicycle inner tubes? Now you know the magic YouTube search term, find some good videos to post here for the enjoyment of the stackexchange masses. Good luck with the trail building and, at the risk of sounding like your mother, don't forget your helmet and body armour! I was really hoping that someone here has had a go and might want to share what they learned from doing so. What is the fastest possible way for you to stop? So to answer your question, yes, you should shift your weight back when you brake (along with bracing your arms, of course). Because if you don't, you will fail to do so in an emergency stop, when it really matters. What's the highest gear with which you can reach the "tipping point" while staying seated? The higher the gear, the easier it is to sustain a wheelie. On a recent Sunday ride on a country road, I was slowly overtaken by a group of (5) guys on road bikes. They were "proper" road cyclists, if you know what I mean. Bailing out is a bit tricky at higher speeds, but hopefully you'll never need to. When they passed me, I just slipped in behind them and drafted for about 5 miles until we parted ways. On top of this, you could further hedge against going OTB by practice stoppies (lifting the rear wheel under hard braking). If you do this, you will be much more in control during emergency stops. Now you know the magic YouTube search term, find some good videos to post here for the enjoyment of the stackexchange masses. Good luck with the trail building and, at the risk of sounding like your mother, don't forget your helmet and body armour! North Shore!!! Yep, there is a name for it and in the UK (and presumably Canada) it is known as 'North Shore'. This is a shorthand for British Columbia riding style on trails exactly as you describe. Even the bike manufacturers have cottoned onto the trend, plus the editors of Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mountain_bike What is the best way to wrap a frame with bicycle inner tubes? Any tips will be most appreciated on how to do this effectively. Can you use puncture repair glue or does it have to be 'gaffer tape'? The bike is an aluminium framed MTB with suspension (rather than a roadie-courier bike that usually gets subjected to such treatment).