This is indeed an interesting and difficult question. Mongols defeated almost all states around them, and they certainly had no technological advantage or any superiority in the weapons. But this is not the first case in history when nomads defeated the more technologically advanced settled civilizations. (One historical example is the Hunns, and parts of China were conquered by the nomads many times). 

In the 1941-2 case, Soviet Union eventually won the war, and the common opinion is that this happened only because of the heroism and self-sacrifice of the people and despite the tyrannical and incompetent regime which existed in Soviet Union. The siege of Sevastopol is one of the main examples of this heroism. 

Examples are medieval sieges, when a small defending force could stand against a large besieging army for long time, sometimes for several years. 

Immediately after WWII, Germany, Japan and Italy lost their navies, while Soviet navy was not a serious force to take into account. The armored ships remained in the navies of those who won WWII. (US maintained and deployed battleships until the end of 20s century, but their armor of course played no role). When the next naval arms race began (with Soviet Union, in the late 60th) the weapons were already very different from WWII weapons: guided missiles (and guided torpedoes). No armor can protect you from guided missiles. Especially from the nuclear ones. And all countries who had substantial navies in the 1960s were thinking of a nuclear war. 

No Soviet republic had its own military units. This applies not only to to Asian republics but also to Ukraine, Belarus, to all republics. There was only one Soviet Army. That you see in it a lot of "Asian-looking" soldiers is not surprising: it was based on military draft and reflected the general composition of the population. People drafted in Asia could serve in Ukraine and vise versa. This applies also to the so-called "Interior troops" whose stated purpose was to protect the boundary, but they were also used sometimes to suppress riots. 

The conquest of Genghis Khan and his followers was just the greatest (of all similar nomad conquests) in terms of territory. But notice that it was short lived: this huge empire was split into several parts in 2 generations after Genghis Khan. 

EDIT. Trying to answer the question in the comment, which is not so easy. Crimean war (1854-1855) and Russo-Japanese war (1905) were pivotal for Russian history and both led to revolutions (the first one led to abolition of serfdom, which is not usually called a revolution but it was). This shows that these defeats had enormous public resonance. Perhaps this is the main reason why they generated and continue to generate enormous literature. It is usual for Russian discourse that soldiers (and some commanders) are universally praised for their heroism, while the government and political system are criticized. (Praising the heroism and criticizing the government are of course closely connected.) 

EDIT. In this WWII Disney movie, Alexander de Seversky makes exactly this argument on the strategic level: Germany surrounded by the allies has advantage of short communication lines. But the ideas of this movie are highly controversial: 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1iPBvwaIkI 

First of all, I would not trust Wikipedia numbers about Roman Empire. Roman empire existed for 4 centuries, and the things did not stay unchanged. Second, we have no reliable statistics for most periods. Even the population of the Empire in various periods is not clear, and estimates widely vary. Third, you cannot compare ancient economy with modern economy, it is simply ridiculous. Some portion of the Roman economy was based on slave labor, for example. And again, we do not know what portion, and how many slaves there were. Slaves did not pay tax. Fourth, most European countries nowadays spend less than 2.5% of their GDP on their military. Including NATO members. Fifth: the government funds in the Roman empire were not only spend on the army; they did huge construction works everywhere in Europe (which you can see even now), then in various periods the population of Rome itself not only did not pay taxes but was supported at the government expense. 

What makes the Mongol stand out among other nomad conquerors, was an extremely effective organization. It seems that this is due to the extraordinary abilities of their leader, Genghis Khan. He was able to achieve a strong discipline, in a large army, and appoint outstanding commanders. (They say that Subudai-bahadur won more than 100 pitched battles and lost none. So he was by far the greatest military leader in history. And Jebe was probably the second). And none of Genghis Khan top commanders or close relatives ever betrayed him, another unique thing in history. 

The general advantages which the nomads had over settled people is that they were extremely tough: they could survive the degree of deprivation which the armies of settled peoples could not. And war was the only occupation of almost every male. So they could create large armies, though they almost always were smaller than those of their enemies. But these are a general advantage of the nomads.