How many years will an current aluminum frame last of a touring bike? When you first posted the question you did not have a price constraints. You might find a new 10 - 11 kg steel bike for £1000 but probably will probably sacrifice components. You are going to need to up the weight or budget. The steel version of the Colossal is under 11 kg and closer to that budget. Look for a good used bike - I got my used titanium cyclcocross in great shape for close to that price range. Aluminum has not changed in the 10 years Hardened alloys go back to medieval times. If you want fatigue free and rust free then get titanium. You state you have been riding with a longer post. Have you monitored the cracks to see if they are growing? Gold is a strong metal. They use gold alloys for fillings. Gold does not rust. As a frame material titanium has an edge over gold. If it does die if you don't need a folder you can find decent used bikes for $400. A serial number may not slow them down from stealing it but it sure slows down selling it, aids in recovery, and help convict criminals. If you look at the full resolution it is clear. BS is center to center (head to seat) along the (sloped) top tube. Since the seat tube is slanted that is a shorter distance. Geomemtry C2C But for commute I would recommend a cyclocross and and put touring tires on it. It would be more practical to build a bike out of pure (24 carat) annealed gold than pure annealed iron or pure annealed aluminum. Another user of serial number is fraud detection. Is it even a valid serial number? Is it the correct frame for that serial number? Multiple bikes with the same serial number - definitely some counterfeiting going on. Found a quoted number. Just because it was on the Internet does not make it right but here is a 5-10 year quote. Bike Frame: Aluminum Vs. Steel Aluminum fatigues and steel does not fatigue. As stated in a comment steel does fatigue - well not always. Mild steel will not normally admit fatigue crack growth if the applied stresses are below about 10% of the strength of the material. Materials, such as aluminium alloys, do not have any such fatigue limit. If a cyclic load is applied, aluminium alloys will always fatigue. For the same strength a steel bike is typically going to be heavier than aluminum. But you get a bike that is much much less susceptible to fatigue. With steel you also get a bike that will take a ding (dent) and not compromise structural strength to the extent of aluminum. Not exactly the same thing but at the molecular level they are related. Frame Materials Technically rust is limited to iron. What is bad is the rust starts and continues. The water / oxidizing agent is not consumed. You see your bike on eBay and buy it. Prove to PayPal you bought your stolen bike and they will take action. eBay does not want to be in the stolen property business. Remove unit Loosen pinch bolts Use the bolt (shown in video) to put proper compression on headset bearings Tighten pinch bolts Re-install GPS unit Mainly I suggest you start with a seat tube based unit. But to compare 24 carat gold is just not fair. They are rack and fender mounts and you cannot install disc brakes with them. I.S. mounts are 51 mm apart, and post mounts are 74 mm apart (and look totally different). For more details on these mounts, see this answer. The coach lines are the lines under the guy's hand. As a general rule, we don't go shopping on bicycles.SE, since that information goes out of date quickly. Coach lines (stripes) are a type of thin stripes you saw on (typically British) cars. They were a hallmark on high end cars like Rolls Royces. My guess is that this bike may have had some sort of pin striping. Finally, theres the problem of putting things together. You may need some help here, as you may not have all the tools on hand for it and the investment in these specialized tools may not be worth it. For example, you may need a bottom bracket tool, cassette tool, chain whip, cable housing cutters (If you run a brake, you can get away with rougher cutting than for shifter cable housing (which fixies don't have), but its still a PITA to cut without the proper tools) etc. Also, if you need to cut your fork at home, its a lot nicer when done by the bike shop instead of pulling out a hacksaw at your house since they typically have nice guides for cutting the fork (with a hacksaw). Sometimes you can borrow these tools from a bike shop or a bike co-op and save yourself some of the expense. Also, you need some expertise to put the bike together in the first place (i.e. some knowledge on how the parts go together and how to adjust them properly, such as chain tension, which is critical on a fixie). Also, you'll make some mistakes (hopefully not forgetting to grease some thing or cross threading things), so you also need to allot time to deal with that. Even once you get the parts put in, you have to tune it to your riding style, so it could be a decent amount of time to put the thing together. Finally, a note on safety: Despite it not being "cool", I firmly believe fixie should have front and rear brakes (or at least a front brake at the least). Protective Film -- Cosmetic protection (possibly structural in some cases for things like cable rub as pointed out by Nathan in the comments). If you're worried about keeping your bike shiny and scratch free I suppose. Be careful with Carbon Fiber depending on adhesive. Won't protect from dents. Derailleur guards are a terrible idea -- the force transmitted in a crash will be applied in a way not in line with design and damage the frame, whereas if the derailleur is installed as normal, the hanger will bend (or break) and is usually easily replaceable or reparable (align with something like the Park Tool DAG). If the derailleur is damaged, it's a heck of a lot cheaper than repairing the frame damage caused by a derailleur guard. You could spec an internal gear hub or single speed instead, if you want to avoid derailleur damage depending on the frame. Bumpers -- See point 1. I see these as likely less useful than the film. Crash Guard -- See point 2. Plus, there aren't as many nice mounting points as on a motorcycle since you have to pedal on a bicycle for it not getting in the way, whereas you only shift+brake with foot movement on a motorcycle.