And the Allies weren't "at the race track," but at home, "heading down to the track." They could, and did cross the German border, but the experience of World War I had taught them that even with a 5-to-1 advantage, defeating a fortified enemy would take some time, certainly more than a month. And suppose they began to get the better of the defenders of the Siegfried line... This strategy was supported by the so-called "Heartland Theary" of Britain's HJ Mackinder (and Germany's Karl Haushofer). That is, if Germany conquered eastern Europe (including Poland, the Baltics, Belarus, the Ukraine etc.) it would dominate Eurasia's Heartland,(which would also include Russia), giving it a head start on controlling "world island" (the Eurasian land mass). Originally, Hitler's demands for the "repatriation" of the Sudetenland, and its Germans seemed "reasonable." Even the Czechs were willing to give up almost half of the disputed territory to reduce the "minority" (German) population. The problem was that the cession of the mountainous Sudetenland in 1938 left the rest of the country defenseless against invasion. Every so often in American history, we have a "girl power" movement. One appears to be happening right now, as we speak. That is, today's girls are graduating from college in greater numbers than boys, and getting better entry-level jobs. This appears to have no precedent in American or world history. Edit: A commenter below reasonably wondered why the 1861-1882 "incubator" generation is associated with FDR (born 1882) and not TR (born 1858). (Like Obama with the Boomers, FDR was born at the end of "his" generation.) The reason is that it was FDR, and not TR, who said, "This generation has a rendezvous with destiny." 

The League of Nations formed after World War I did not prevent a second world war. But the United Nations formed after World War II kept conflicts "local." Even so, Thailand contributed few troops or other supplies to Japan during World War II. Thus, their "participation" on the Axis side was treated (and viewed) as "symbolic." The role of "Free" (dissident) Thais in resisting the Japanese somewhat mitigated the stigma that was attached to the official Thai government for its actions during the war. 

One advantage enjoyed by the German army was the "practice" it had obtained in the occupation of both Austria and the modern Czech Republic (Slovakia became a satellite state). There was no resistance, but an occupation is an occupation, and the German army worked out a number of logistical bugs. What's more, they got the benefit of Austrian and Czech weapons-producing capability. The Allied armies had no similar experience. 

Then there was Poland, a flat land made for German tanks in ideal (non hot, non rainy) early fall weather. Imagine a Germany army on the Polish border at the race track, supplies and ammunition in place, ready to charge across the starting line at top speed as soon as the starting gun goes off, crushing everything standing its way. With some help from the Soviet Union (totally unexpected by the Allies), the Germans are across Poland in about 30 days.