Further Reading Indexicals: The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy has (as usual) a great article on the subject of indexicals. The locus classicus here is David Kaplan's "Demonstratives". Kaplan's Theory of Indexicals is covered in the SEP article, but you can also read about it in the Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy's entry on Demonstratives and Indexicals. How Can We Have Knowledge of Things "Beyond our Senses"? For this first question, note that there is nothing special about god here. Science posits and has posited all manner of entities that we have no -- and, in some cases never could have -- direct experience of. The relevant literature here would be the Philosophy of Science discussion on the nature of unobservables. Central to this debate has been the competing views on the aims of science. On one hand, Scientific Realists claim that science aims to provide us with theories that give a literally true description of the world, including whatever lies beyond what we can observe. For example, electrons were posited to explain the presence of a trail in a cloud chamber, but were not themselves observed directly -- we only observed their effect (the trail) not the electrons themselves. Scientific realists say that we should believe that electrons exist -- even assuming we can't observe them directly -- because the assumption of their existence provides the best explanation of the observable phenomena (so, they take it to be an assumption with high explanatory value and take that to be an indicator of its truth). Here is my understanding of how these terms are used in contemporary (analytic) philosophy. I will include references where they come to mind: Meinongianism and the theory of non-existent objects has not gotten wide acceptance. Most philosophers who advance some sort of Meinongianism these days try to accomplish the same as the distinction between exist/not-exist with some other distinction(s) like abstract/concrete or actual/possible/impossible. Step two of the cited argument from Sider is a step that relies upon a certain link between conceivability and possibility. It could have been split into two steps and phrased thusly: "2a) Gunky objects are conceivable 2b) (therefore) Gunky objects are possible". Possible worlds seems to play a merely heuristic role here. The core idea is that, all other things being equal, the simplest theory is best. That begs for an explanation of the relevant sort of simplicity. Combinatorial Reasoning: We often think that if it's possible for two things to be true independently, and the two things don't contradict, then it's possible for them to be true jointly. If I could own a red shirt, and I could own blue shoes, then I could own both a red shirt and blue shoes. Spelling this out in more detail is a difficult matter but hopefully the intuitive idea is clear enough. In both cases, however, the entities being posited must be coherent which I take to involve something like Jo Wheeler's (1) and (2). While Set Theory is a highly fruitful mathematical theory, the original, naïve formulation was famously inconsistent. Modern set theory has largely settled on ZFC (Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory with the axiom of choice) as the appropriate formalization of the concept of "set", there are alternatives (e.g., Morse-Kelley set theory) as well as various extensions (e.g., the addition of large cardinal axioms). So, even if you think ZFC is true and so sets exist, that still leaves open exactly what the set-theoretic universe is like and what properties these sets must have. All of this is to say that what it takes to satisfy the criterion of being well-defined is not perfectly clear, even in the comparatively uncontroversial case of math. Similarly, while we believe ZFC is free of contradiction the results of Gödel show us that we cannot hope for any absolute proof of its consistency (and indeed, this holds for theories much weaker than ZFC). 2nd premise) Force(Thought) & Contrary-to-Inertia(Thought) Conclusion : Therefore, no body can possess the faculty of thought, But not a "plain" man, but "Polyclitus the sculptor", i.e. a man endowed with a specific power : the power to produce a sculpture. We instantiate 1) with Thought for y having: We do not learn the language "by definition", i.e. through a dictionary. πίστις is a Platonic term, used into Republic, Book VI, 511d-e in the context of the "classification" of knowledge: It has nothing to do with faith, nor with theology, and Socrates' crime has nothing to do with heresy. Based on [Engl.transl.,page 2] analysis of "current" (still quite incomplete) understanding of matter and bodies and of knowledge of only a few of their properties. I move now to the third property of all matter, as widely acknowledged as the two already mentioned, and which seems much more closely connected to the innermost nature of bodies. I understand that the force of inertia [vis inertiae] was discovered first by Kepler, but then explained by Newton, who derived from it the principles of all mechanics. However, this is not entirely a bad thing, since modern logic was created by substituting fuzzy natural language concepts with new, well-defined ones. Your own perspective seems closer to one hinted at by contemporary philosopher Nick Bostrom in his "simulation" theory, that postulates we all exist inside a computer simulated world. In a deliberately simulated world, some parts, which will be interacted with, might be "real" (at least by the standards of the simulation) meaning they are actually simulated. Others may just appear to exist, to make the simulation appear larger than it is. Similarly some people in such a world might be fully simulated, others might be "avatars", directly controlled by the simulators, and others might be "zombies" --background figures with no actual consciousness or agency. I've been studying this particular theory recently. While I agree that it has significant flaws at a deep level, it's harder to debunk than it might initially seem. You might want to read the originating paper, by philosopher Nick Bostrom, it is neither long nor difficult.