See Jessica Wilson's critical review No Work for a Theory of Grounding. Generally, when we discover some persistent empirical coincidence, how are we to decide if it is necessary or just true? I can think of two possible approaches, a testing principle or a guiding principle, perhaps their is a third or they can be mixed. But much of Big Bang cosmology is based on extrapolating what we observe to the entire universe, in other words it is based not on the Copernican principle, but on its non-sequitur. The whole reasoning is uncomfortably reminiscent of Kant's antinomy of space and time, where one gets a contradiction by applying forms of experience to categories that go beyond any possible experience, such as 'universe as a whole'. Similar reasoning is also used when talking about the "wave function of the universe". There is an interesting "knowability paradox" that shows existence of unknowable truths if there are any unknown ones. But exactly for an omniscient being its reasoning fails, since no truths are unknown to such being. I am not aware of good arguments that omniscience by itself is contradictory. Omnipotence is another matter, a being either can or can not create a stone it can not lift. Either way, it is not omnipotent without qualifications. But when it comes to aesthetic judgement at least, one does not have to settle for Wittgensteinian skeptical solution. Let us consult the usual authority on mental faculties:"If we judge Objects merely according to concepts, then all representation of beauty is lost. Thus there can be no rule according to which any one is to be forced to recognise anything as beautiful. We cannot press by the aid of any reasons or fundamental propositions our judgement that a coat, a house, or a flower is beautiful. We wish to submit the Object to our own eyes... the necessity which is thought in an aesthetical judgement can only be called exemplary; i.e. a necessity of the assent of all to a judgement which is regarded as the example of a universal rule that we cannot state". Kant gives a non-skeptical explanation of it in the resolution of the antinomy of taste in Critique of Judgement, as usual by drawing a transcendental distinction:"At the basis of this there must necessarily be a concept somewhere; though a concept which cannot be determined through intuition... Yet at the same time and on that very account the judgement has validity for every one (though of course for each only as a singular judgement immediately accompanying his intuition); because its determining ground lies perhaps in the concept of that which may be regarded as the supersensible substrate of humanity... the explanation of the possibility of their concept may transcend our cognitive faculties".