Muslims were not the first religious society. The people of the book preceded them. Quran uses the previous religious societies and their behavior as an example to discuss this group, so Muslims may learn and avoid those mistakes. The sura mostly focuses on the followers of Judaism. 

The first group the book guides surely (verses 2:2-5), the second group it won't guide them no matter what (verses 2:6-7). The effect of the book on the third group is more complicated and a major part of the sura is devoted to discussing them. You can read some descriptions of this group on the second page (verse 2:8-20). Those who follow the book will join the mindful, those who don't will join the disbelievers. 

This group seem to be people who claim to be believers (and it seems they do think they are) but they are not really believers in heart. So they are religious people who are not real believers. Almost half of the sura is dedicated to discussing them, until the story of Ibrahim (PBUH). These people are common in religious societies. 

Short answer: It is the burden of difficult and hard to follow religious laws. 

That is both good and bad things that happen to them is from Allah and it is his control. 

You might be knowing the fault line in the moon that splits it. NASA says it appears all over the moon. Not that I am claiming evidence that it happened during the splitting of moon by Prophet (Peace be upon him), but it can be a food for thought. NASA doesn't have any concrete evidence regarding how it happened. 

However, the polytheists said “This is one of the spells of Abu Kabsha’s Son.” “The son of Abu Kabsha cast a spell on you!” They said “Muhammad cast a spell on us!” 

“If I do it, will you become Muslims?” 

“This is a prevalent magic!” , they said “Abu Talib’s orphan affected the sky with his spell!” . 

And to the polytheists, he said, “Bear witness! So and so! 

Note: Both Abdullah ibn Masud and Ibn Abbass were companions of the Prophet (salallahu alayhi wassalam) and also, one of the greatest scholars of Islam. 

The first group the book guides surely (verses 2:2-5), the second group it won't guide them no matter what (verses 2:6-7). The effect of the book on the third group is more complicated and a major part of the sura is devoted to discussing them. You can read some descriptions of this group on the second page (verse 2:8-20). Those who follow the book will join the mindful, those who don't will join the disbelievers. 

The verse seems to talk about their situation in the after-life and part of their punishment. 

(This doesn't mean that the laws didn't become difficult and will not become difficult in future, e.g. when people really know what is expected from them but ask for fatwas seeking a way to circumvent them, the Prophet and after him the scholars might make the laws more stricter. Muslims are advised not ask the kind of questions that those preceding them asked from their prophets, see verse 2:108.) 

This is what I understand, and surely God knows best. 

The final section of the sura should be understood with these in mind. There was a religious community before Muslims, i.e. the followers of Judaism. Now there is a new religion and the description of its laws constitute the main part of the second half of the sura. So the people who were before Muslims are the people of the book, mainly the followers of the Judaism (and this is also consistent with usage of term in other places). 

If you look at their behavior in the sura here is what typically happens: they are ordered to behave in some way (e.g. kill a cow, verse 2:67), they don't perform it as required because they are not believers in heart, so the order becomes more strict and more difficult to perform (e.g. kill the best cow you have, with very detailed description of the best cow, verses 2:68-71). 

This group seem to be people who claim to be believers (and it seems they do think they are) but they are not really believers in heart. So they are religious people who are not real believers. Almost half of the sura is dedicated to discussing them, until the story of Ibrahim (PBUH). These people are common in religious societies.