You're not going to find a uniform usage. The best you can do, probably, is to fix upon particular schools of thought and see how they used the terms. The problem I'm having, however, is that most of the good articles I'm finding are fairly technical--- presupposing at least some familiarity with model theory. Since my students will be undergraduates, most of whom will have an intro logic course at best under their belts, I don't want to start off the course with something that will be far above their capabilities. On the other hand, you could hold that there is a way of rigidifying descriptions, or that certain kinds of descriptions are rigid. One thing I've always thought a bit odd given Kripke's views on the essentiality of origins: why wouldn't "the person born to such and such on such and such a date" be a rigid description? If descriptions can be rigid, then you can use the description to refer unambiguously to the same individual, without the reference switching to the next oldest man upon his death. Entity: I am aware of no special usage of this term. As far as I know, an entity, a being, a thing, an object, etc. are all used more or less interchangeably, with the exception that "being" (and possibly "entity", depending on author) might be reserved for living things. See the SEP articles on Assertion and Speech Acts. One minor complication, is "the oldest man in the world" a name or a description? It reads to me like a description. In that case the question becomes whether descriptions can be rigid designators. Kripke, in arguing against the descriptive theory of names in Naming and Necessity held that descriptions couldn't rigidly designate. That was one of his objections to descriptivism. If all names are hidden descriptions, and descriptions aren't rigid (i.e., don't refer to the same individual at all possible worlds) then we will have to give up on the necessity of identity, for instance. Even though Aristotle was the teacher of Alexander the Great, someone else could have taught him and so there is a world where "the teacher of Alexander the Great" doesn't refer to Aristotle. "Description and Identification": in this article Bernard Harrison claims that the descriptivist theory of names can accommodate rigidity, precisely because some descriptions are rigid designators. TL;DR If the description is rigid, then the oldest man in the world can die. If the description is not rigid, then the referent of the description will change once the current oldest man in the world dies. So, in a sense, although the person who once satisfied the description will have died, "the oldest man in the world" cannot die. Here is my understanding of how these terms are used in contemporary (analytic) philosophy. I will include references where they come to mind: This paper is a response to Harrison and argues that the descriptions Harrison claims are rigid, are in fact not. Although it seems to be (or at least was around the time of Naming and Necessity, I haven't followed the contemporary literature here) a matter of controversy among philosophers as to whether descriptions can rigidly designate, many linguists I've talked to take it as a given. I'm not quite sure the import of this, but I've been told that there is plenty of linguistic evidence that we do use descriptions rigidly (like in your newspaper headline). EDIT: There seems to be some confusion over what exactly I'm asking about. I'm not looking for an easy presentation of some particular scientific theory. Rather, I'm looking for a discussion of what a scientific theory is (e.g., a collection of partially interpreted sentences, a collection of models, etc.). See the linked Suppe article for an example. See the "About Theories" section of this wiki on Scientific Theory. I'm look for some free-standing academic articles ("pop science" books aren't really what I'm after) that explore those issues (syntactic vs. semantic construal of theories) without beating the students over the head with too much model theory. Existence: I've never really seen this defined, and contemporary analytic metaphysics tends to make no distinction between existing and being. The Meinongians famously distinguished between different kinds of being, where some things with being might not exist. Contemporary analytic metaphysicians tend to follow Quine in holding that there are no things that have being but do not exist. You might be interested in criteria for existence, in which case you could look at the literature on Ontological Commitment, which is the study of when a theory (or person) is committed to a certain kind of thing. Quine famously said "to be is to be the value of a (first-order) variable". See Quine's "On What There Is".