You need to show that you can contribute something back to the community if you want to continue using Stack Overflow. Start improving your posts in order to get some upvotes and you'll unlock your ability to ask questions again. Note: see comments. 

I received some free stickers and a free t-shirt out of the deal. Oh, and Jeff occasionally returned my emails. The Stack Overflow related ones. He still ignored the random ones. :( 

In your case it's the deleted answers that are causing the ban. (I don't know the algorithm, but there's nothing else I can see that would be causing it.) In particular, do not post questions in the answers section. Those will be deleted every time. Once you get 50 reputation you'll be able to leave comments, which is where follow-up questions and clarifying statements belong. Until then, improve your other answers and try to ask good questions that will get upvotes so that the answer ban will be lifted. But in the future, please only post in the "Your Answer" section when you have an actual answer to the question being asked. 

To address your questions directly: Probably. There are a lot of tools and dashboards set up to make it pretty easy, like the 10K moderators get. There's a big orange (on SO) "mod-signal" that lights up at the top of the page when there are flags (so always), but it's only a few extra things to check when moderators visit the site. 

You have pages and pages and pages of deleted posts, many of which have been downvoted. Those downvotes count against you. You also have a history of asking the exact same question several times an hour apart until you get an answer. This is blatant abuse of the system. 

As with any voting system, there exists some threshold for victory, and any candidate who reaches the threshold is considered "elected." Meek STV calculates this threshold ahead of time. If a candidate gets more than enough votes to be elected, the difference between the votes received and the threshold is the "surplus." The candidate keeps just enough of everyone's vote to stay above the threshold; the rest is given to the voters' next-most-preferred choices in "redistribution." 

Also, I see that you were trying to participate in Meta Stack Overflow's chat, not Server Fault's or Super User's. It is a chat about Meta Stack Overflow, which is itself a site about how Stack Overflow/Stack Exchange works. Since you have no Stack Exchange experience, you would doubly have no reason to be in the MSO chatroom, except that someone in the chat invited you. This is more understandable right now, since not all sites have had their chats implemented yet, and the MSO chat is still sort of serving as an omnibus chat, but it will become less and less understandable in the future as the sites mature. Okay, I've undeleted it. I still can't make much sense of it, but considering the context I'm willing to give it the benefit of the doubt on being not-spam, and you seem to have figured out what the OP wanted. Thinking about it some more, it's possible that there was just a non-native speaker/language barrier issue and what the OP meant was that the code he was working on was in use at the target website. That would make it not-spam, but still not very useful. Looking again now. Please don't take this personally, I'm not trying to be mean to you personally or to discourage you from participating in general — in fact, I'm always happy to welcome someone else who makes a reasonable post on Meta, like you have — my point is that your use case is non-standard, and not one that we want to encourage. 

In your case it's the deleted answers that are causing the ban. (I don't know the algorithm, but there's nothing else I can see that would be causing it.) In particular, do not post questions in the answers section. Those will be deleted every time. Once you get 50 reputation you'll be able to leave comments, which is where follow-up questions and clarifying statements belong. Until then, improve your other answers and try to ask good questions that will get upvotes so that the answer ban will be lifted. 

Probably. There are a lot of tools and dashboards set up to make it pretty easy, like the 10K moderators get. There's a big orange (on SO) "mod-signal" that lights up at the top of the page when there are flags (so always), but it's only a few extra things to check when moderators visit the site. 

But in the future, please only post in the "Your Answer" section when you have an actual answer to the question being asked. You have pages and pages and pages of deleted posts, many of which have been downvoted. Those downvotes count against you. You also have a history of asking the exact same question several times an hour apart until you get an answer. This is blatant abuse of the system. Your flag may have already been viewed. If you cast a really complex or debatable flag, it could sit their for a while while moderators determine what they want to do. Recommend Closure flags do not ever go to the moderator queues. They only go to the Close Votes review queue, so they won't be handled until users review the question you flagged. Depending on the size of the queue, this can cause them to linger for a while. 

Enthusiast and Fanatic can be tracked on your profile page next to the "visited" stats near the top. There will be a "n consecutive days" piece there. 

Easiest way to think about it: if the bounty notice is still present on the question, the system hasn't decided yet. When it does decide, it will remove the bounty notice. The majority of the badges which exist do not have any method of "tracking" your progress built into the site. Simple badges such as Nice Answer/Question which require a number of upvotes can be tracked by simply viewing your list of questions and answers.