It will be impossible to give you more information over the internet - your best bet would be to report its discovery to the Antiquities Authority. They'll give you credit for its discovery (a big deal! I'm jealous), and they'll be able to tell you more about it. You probably qualify as a collector, so you'll get to keep it, tho they may request to borrow it for study or display in a museum (A really big deal!). The earliest battle we have a written account for is Megiddo... Thutmose III vs. The Caananites, lead by the city of Kadesh. The Egyptians won, and tossed up a bunch of monuments to celebrate the victory, wrote a bunch of scrolls on the topic, and so knowledge of the battle was passed down to the present. The earliest archaeological record of warfare was also in Egypt, but between those who lived on the lower nile and those who lived on the upper nile in Sudan. Well, written language was, at the time, an economic tool primarily. It was used to record business, political and liturgical transactions, and to cary on a conversation at a distance through correspondance. The things we use it for, instructive texts (such as language instruction courses) and recreational reading, developed much, much later. 

The earliest written reference to a war was between Sumer and Elam in 2700BCE. 

This is a marble plinth or capital for a decorative column, likely of Classical Roman origin - the harpies and the immodesty of the subjects particularly give it away. There was a major Roman city nearby at Caesarea. I couldn't find any references online (other than the Wikipedia article) to monuments created by Sneferu which include representations of Horus-Behdety. However, the earliest representation is supposed to be in a carving in the Step Pyramid of Djoser at Saqqara. As Maurice Owen explains, this was often used (along with other imagery) to indicate a sanctuary dedicated to the god Apollo. A parallel to the Israelite practice of collecting the foreskins of slain enemies was the ancient Egyptian practice of collecting hands and/or genitals from the dead. Soldiers were rewarded for each "trophy" they brought back. The practice is recorded in a number of tombs, for example in the Biography of Ahmose, son of Abana. 

It is interesting to note that during Sulla's two year term as dictator, he was supposed to have had well over a thousand of his political opponents put to death. This resolved the problem of factions within the senate (discussed above), and Sulla was able to retire from office, eventually dying peacefully in his bed. 

As the empire grew, so did the status of the senators, who gained most from the profits of war and conquest. This exacerbated rivalries between individuals, who also had more resources available to them. Members of the senatorial class were generally arrogant and unaccountable for their actions. Eventually, this would lead to the First Triumvirate 59-53 BC. The main institutions were the Senate and the military. The personal wealth and power of the members of the Senate, and the rivalries that ensued, threatened to tear the state apart. The investigations were the subject of a National Geographic program titled China's Mystery Mummies, filmed in 2007. tl;dr That's a really good question, and even just a few years ago we didn't really have anything approaching a conclusive answer. 

In August 272AD, Zenobia was captured and eventually sent into exile in Rome. These medallions are usually something like 6 - 8 cm across, and are very loosely based on the design of coins like this silver Drachm from Naxos: I don't doubt that ancient pirates did re-purpose civilian ships in most cases. Indeed, it is said that even sailors on merchant ships which had been attacked by pirates would turn to piracy themselves when they were otherwise out of work. In fact, the number of vessels reportedly used for piracy by the Cilician pirates virtually guarantees that most were re-purposed civilian craft (Strabo writes that Pompey destroyed 1300 pirate vessels of all sizes). The earliest surviving book that is known to have been produced in Europe is the 7th century St Cuthbert Gospel, which was acquired by the British Library in 2012. 

Opiates were certainly very prevalent in the Eastern Mediterranean in antiquity. The earliest written source that I know of is Hesiod's Theogony, where Prometheus is supposed to have tried to use poppy juice to drug Zeus at the city of Mekonê ("poppy town") near Corinth. 

We imagine that Greece lost. How would Rome, Carthage and "the Celts" have fared? [Apparently, Manichaean sources (mainly texts written in Sogdian from the Turfan Oasis) called her "Tadi".] 

With that many unknowns, we are heading into the realm of guesswork, bordering on fantasy! 

Clearly there was some continuity, even after the Anglo-Saxon settlement of Britain, and Latin was preserved in Britain to some degree! 

Not all these works have survived from antiquity. The surviving works are given the collective title Corpus Aristotelicum, and are often referred to by "Bekker numbers" (from the pagination of Immanuel Bekker's 1831 edition of Aristotle's works). These Bekker numbers in turn reflect the order of study that had been suggested by Andronicus.