I also happen to agree with Mark Baker, who seems to think that it is not necessary. Using artificially impaired language (especially in a 3-rd person description) can have an exactly opposite effect and distract your readers instead of helping to engage them. 

The actions of other people are based on logical choice more often than on pure feelings and unhinged emotions. Most people I know would back away from the edge of the rooftop, altruists and sociopaths alike. No one wants to be cold, hungry, and sick, and most of us want to get published and be held in highest regard for our efforts. Absolutely (leaving aside the fact that you are free to do whatever you wish–it is your story), and I agree with Lauren Ipsum, that it might help you achieve the desired effect if emphasized properly (the text excerpts you have given are neither a miss nor a hit–at least for me–they could belong to any of the characters you describe, and saying mom instead if his mom could be attributed to a just a matter of personal style). You would be better off having the MC girl be in a state of ignorance, followed by realization of abuse through an outside means (supporting character), followed by the struggle of breaking the abusive control and spending 90% of that time failing (for those of you who don't know, on average it takes someone being abused at least 2-3 attempts to leave an abusive situation), followed by her coping being out of a stressful situation (there is a huge emotional and physical shock once leaving a stressful environment full of abuse), and then dealing with the shortcomings of triggers from abuse from trust issues to trying to regain her life, her dignity, to feel like they are human again. 

Watch someone who has endured a decade of abuse and learn their ins and outs, understand that even something as simple as looking at them, even in a loving way, could cause them to go into an anxiety attack if you look too long. In a more serious setting, they are usually crawling, or low to the ground and crouching. creep up on (someone) without being detected. "he sneaks up on us slyly" 

I have to agree that you might want to seek a second opinion with this one. A hoodie doesn't designate sneaking around. Just because, as Nzall showed in their answer, that Assasin's Creed uses it as such. Sneaking is designated by posture more so than anything with clothing. In a comedy, sneaking is usually done where they are on their tip-toes, doing some silly antics. Characters are usually memorable due to personality traits. If we think back to all of our favorite characters as we grew up, you may even notice a pattern of characters you liked in comparison with their similar traits. For me, I always liked leader characters. Tommy from Rugrats, Leonardo from Ninja Turtles, Aragorn from Lord of the Rings and so on. You notice that all of MY personal favorite characters that are memorable have similar personality traits. 

"she sneaked a glance at her watch" 

In the end there is no such thing as being unbroken from abuse. Even at the most mild levels, it still leaves a stain on our soul. Someone may not be fully broken in every aspect of their life, but something, some part of them did break and will break. 

synonyms: steal, take furtively, take surreptitiously; informalsnatch "he sneaked a doughnut" 

"I sneaked out by the back exit" 

Writing about psychological abuse is not going to be easy. As someone who is with someone who's previous was psychologically and physically abusive, it's a state of mind. It's something you have to feel and experience to understand. 

If you don't have a goal for your character... maybe you have made them too perfect? A common theme to help provide character goals is to demonstrate character growth. Give them a couple flaws. Say that she is an elf and a really good magic user, but no one gives her a chance because she is female and she is not assertive enough to challenge people that tell her to go away. In the end, the goal of the MC is usually the punch line of your story. It's the lesson learned or will have to be learned in order to achieve the goal. There may be many side goals or side plots that helps build the main goal, but ultimately, your character is trying to strive to achieve something. World fame? Is there an evil person in your story that is trying to do harm? What does the opposition look like? What is it that they are trying to do to hinder your main character? If you don't have an antagonist, maybe developing an antagonist's character will help you realize the goal of the MC. 

The actions of other people are based on logical choice more often than on pure feelings and unhinged emotions. Most people I know would back away from the edge of the rooftop, altruists and sociopaths alike. No one wants to be cold, hungry, and sick, and most of us want to get published and be held in highest regard for our efforts. 

Absolutely (leaving aside the fact that you are free to do whatever you wish–it is your story), and I agree with Lauren Ipsum, that it might help you achieve the desired effect if emphasized properly (the text excerpts you have given are neither a miss nor a hit–at least for me–they could belong to any of the characters you describe, and saying mom instead if his mom could be attributed to a just a matter of personal style). 

I would start with trying to make your narrative language coherent and neutral–you can always spice it up in revision. So, no, it is no problem if a main character is based on your personal experience. Honestly, on what else do you want to base it? He/she will have feelings and problems and you have to describe these feelings and problems, so you start with the feelings and problems you know and adapt and develop them. 

So, yes, it is a problem if your main characters do not differentiate. If you believe in god and think god's laws should be followed strictly and every character in your book thinks so too, then it's just boring. 

A fiction writer writes most of the time about things he has no clue about (rape, dragons, murder, drugs, alien invasions). Maybe you take drugs, but you never met an alien. Writers make up shit, so start doing that. Then your characters will vary. So Sméagol, Gandalf and Bilbo Baggins do not sound silly? If you want make up fantasy names and have no good idea how to start, here is what I do: