CNN connects this aid to the North Korea nuclear program: It’s the fear that’s most striking. Wilson was trained, armed, and empowered with the force of law. At almost any point in his confrontation with Brown, he could have called for backup and won control of the situation. But, he says, he was too gripped with terror to do anything but shoot. [...] Many legal scholars argue that the only possible redress is impeachment — itself a politicized, drawn-out process. But there may be another route. If the pardon is challenged in court, we may discover that there are, in fact, limits to the president’s pardon power after all. [...] An example of this line of thinking is this Slate article by Jamelle Bouie: The far-right Proud Boys denounced the rally because of white supremacists: I'm not sure that it is being brought up that often. Gavin McInnes - known for his right-wing politics and antisemitism - declined to attend because he did not want to be associated with Nazis. Who organized the rally? tl;dr: The rally was organized and promoted by Nazis and white supremacists. Some less extreme elements of the far right did not attend because of the negative imagery. There do not seem to be any polls that are more recent than these. Those are all Nazi or white supremacist groups. According to a 2014 Congressional Research Service report, “between 1995 and 2008, the United States provided North Korea with over $1.3 billion in assistance: slightly more than 50 percent for food aid and about 40 percent for energy assistance.” In an interview with CNN he said this: The NYT guesses that this is a reference to foreign aid: But it would be an altogether different matter if Trump pardoned Arpaio for willfully refusing to follow the Constitution and violating the rights of people inside the U.S. Rule of law specifically means: Fox News makes the same assumption: Can a presidential candidate place different running mates for different states? If so, who will be the Vice President if elected? The President has 10 days, not counting Sundays, to sign or veto the bill. If he does not take any action within 10 days and Congress is in session, it will automatically become the law. Also, other countries are not willing to lend to Greece money at reasonable rates, so Greece is unable to keep paying to service its current debts while carrying out basic government functions. Furthermore, Greece is quite bad at collecting taxes, as seen from OECD data, it has a 89.5% of outstanding undisputed tax debt. Its GDP growth was also negative from 2008 to 2013. So, Flynn is still considered a private citizen before he took office on Jan 20. Thus, it's a violation of the Logan Act. Flynn then spoke to him after Obama introduced sanctions on Russia: Yes, the constitution allows pardoning people who haven't been charged.