By choosing the name John XXIII when he became pope in 1958 -- which he said was in honour of his father and other previous popes who started their reign later in life, like him -- the 77-year-old pope effectively relegated the deposed papal claimant to a footnote. The Catechism for the Catholic Church says that missing mass on Sunday is a grave sin, unless there is a serious reason (like needing to care for others), or a dispensation is given by their pastor. My first thought was that perhaps a Saint needs a connection to Jesus, which all Christian Saints do. But part of Jesus' claim to legitimacy was that he was a descendent of people like David and Ruth. Furthermore, Moses and Elijah were present during Jesus' transfiguration, so they have a direct connection to Jesus. Yet none of these have the title of "Saint". Why not? During the Great Western Schism of the 1400s, three men had claimed to be pope at the same time, including one who took the name John XXIII. He was later declared an imposter or “antipope” and deposed, but historians and scholars have often debated whether he actually had a legitimate claim. This passage also makes it clear that the things that we should ask for are those that are necessary to bring the Kingdom of God. One was Pope Benedict XV, who reigned during the First World War and served as a voice for peace; the other was a 5th century monk who sought solitude in the country and worked to spread the Gospel around Europe. Though he wasn’t a pope, he set an example that Benedict XVI hoped to follow. So Mary being the "Mother of God" is less about Mary's status and more about Jesus being the second person of the Trinity (and therefore Jesus being God). Thus if Mary is the mother of Jesus, and Jesus is God, then Mary is the Mother of God. 515 Lk 1:48; Paul VI, MC 56. 516 LG 66. 517 Cf. Paul VI, MC 42; SC 103. Despite that, early popes just used their given names. It wasn't until Mercurius in 533 (who felt that a name based on a Roman god was inappropriate for the head of the Christian church, and chose instead the name John II) that the tradition began of each pope picking a different name. The Wikipedia page on Salvation in Christianity says the following about the Catholic view of salvation of non-Catholics: The Catholic Church recognizes 73 books in the Bible (46 in the Old Testament and 27 in the New Testament). Does the Church allow the possibility of new books being added to the Bible, perhaps in a "Newer Testament", thus giving them equal weight to other scriptures? By "new books", I mean books that were written after the writings of the currently recognized books of the Bible. There are three conditions for a sin to be mortal: Constructing images of angels, saints and Christ is permissible due to the incarnation. Christ is the perfect image of God/Christ is a "living icon" of God. Therefore by becoming man God demonstrated that it is ok to make images of Divine things. That's all well and good, but it just results in a contradiction with the above scripture quote, unless Christ abrogated that particular commandment. When we pray to statues, we are not worshipping the statue, we are merely venerating what the statue represents: in other words "veneration given to an image travels to the prototype". Again, I follow the logic, but it still doesn't explain why we are allowed to construct these images in the first place, in light of the explicit prohibition in the 10 commandments. Elsewhere in scripture God explicitly commands us to construct religious statues. Eg the bronze serpent, the Cherubim on the Ark of the covenant. Therefore the prohibition against statues can't be absolute. That's great, but these things seem to be very specific exceptions to a general rule, and the general rule forbids us from constructing and venerating images. "Statues of Jesus and Mary are just like having a photograph of your spouse and Children in your wallet. They help you to remember them and keep them in mind". Again I follow the argument and agree in principle, however I still don't understand how we can construct these images in the first place considering we have been explicitly forbidden from doing so, even if the reason for constructing them is as benevolent as desiring a visual reminder of our Lord and Lady. The only way I can find to square this scripture quote with the Catholic/Orthodox use of images and statues is to assume that this particular commandment was abrogated by Christ after he fulfilled the law. Is that right? If it was prayed towards a tabernacle, a Eucharistic host, liturgical east, or no particular direction at all then I wouldn't have any problems with it. But because it is prayed towards a stone box in Saudi Arabia I worry that the whole thing might be a form of idolatry. In 1957, Pope Pius XII gave permission to St James Vicariate for Hebrew Speaking Catholics in Israel to celebrate the traditional Tridentine Latin Mass of Pope Pius V in some part in Hebrew. Well, not anymore, but it was. We can go on and on, but we seemingly can not find out how purple became associated with penance, remorse or mourning and eventually replaced black as a liturgical color. Kidney (deceased-donor and living-donor) This concept is not easy for me to understand. Many authors have written about the Ways of Perfection, But I am looking for the one who used St Paul's vision of 2 Corinthians 12:1-7 as a comparison to the unitive state of prayer. https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=2+Corinthians+12%3A1-7&version=NIV In the gospels we often read about Jesus casting out demons. But there is one episode, where the disciples were unable to cast out a demon (Mark 9: 27-28). Blessed Charles de Foucauld (1858-1915) began a program of buying slaves in 1902 in order to free them. For Blessed Charles this was done as a form to encourage adoption. In addition to being adopted himself, he is also one of the Patron Saints of the Adopted in some Catholic circles.