World War I began the destruction of "European" empires (mainly Austria-Hungary and the Ottoman Empire), but it wasn't until World War II that global empires were dismantled, and countries like India became fully independent. 

Nearly all countries grew quickly in the 1950s and 1960s for pretty much the same reasons. That applies to the United States, Britain, Germany, Japan, most of the rest of Europe, major parts of Asia, certain (but not all) parts of Africa. 

It was a great tragedy for those who were killed. But the survivors (and their Baby Boom children) did very well after the war. 

So you had a large base of intellectual capital (numerator) applied to an artificially low base of physical capital and people (denominator). The combination of a large numerator and a small denominator made for a high growth rate. 

Example: The Soviets start with 10 million men against 5 million for the Germans. Each army inflicts 1 million casualties on the other. The "ratio of losses" (per the question) is 1 to 1, but the Germans have a 2 to 1 advantage in combat effectiveness because they inflicted the same 1 million casualties using half as many men. If the ratio of Soviet to German losses were 1.25 million to 1.00 million (slightly more than 1 to 1), the ratio of German to Soviet combat effectiveness would be 2.50 to 1, in line with DePuy's calculations. 

Another attraction of scouting (to adults) was that it kept children off the streets and provided natural outlets into which their natural youthful energies could be channeled. Coming too late to do much for World War I, this "channeling" of youth stood America in good stead during the Depression (e.g., the Civilian Conservation Corps), and of course, World War II itself, before being replaced with different, "Dr. Spock" child rearing methods after the war. 

(Only the effect of being on the defensive allowed the Germans to inflict losses as slightly greater than a 1-1 rate.) 

This "girl power" movement is an offshoot of their MOTHERS of the Baby Boom generation, which fought for EQUAL rights for women; access to a good education and high level jobs, including, in the case of Hillary Clinton, the chance to run for President of the United States. 

Also, Britain had been weakened and sickened by the carnage of World War I. It did not have the stomach for another one, even a "small" war. 

Put another way, the idea was to "recycle" conquered Soviet resources against Britain (and the United States). The reverse was basically unachievable; while the British Islands had considerable manufacturing capability, the colonies, Commonwealth, and the U.S. itself would stop sending raw materials to Britain if it fell into Nazi hands, leaving a shell of a manufacturing power. 

By the turn of the 19th and 20th centuries, the nation had gotten over the civil war, and quasi-military activities, including wearing uniforms, became respectable again, especially in the watered down form provided by scouting. (Similarly, America got over its Vietnam war funk around the turn of the 20th and 21st centuries.)