The "history" of the universe must not be included in the state of the universe. 

I searched for examples, but did not find anything. The argument doesn't have to be convincing, it's enough that it is not obviously flawed. 

A well-known illustration of this view is Laplace's demon, an enormous intellect, who can perfectly predict the future, not by supernatural means, but by knowing the speed and position of every atom in detail and calculating (like an unimaginable super computer) in advance how the universe will develop. 

("syllable" means an abstract type) 

If determinism is understood in this sense, it cannot be contradicted by metaphysical entities, which usually refute determinism, like a source of true randomness. 

“The Stadium” paradox is described by Aristotle as follows: 

When Aristotle gives the example that the letters of a syllable are the material cause of the syllable, what does he mean by "syllable"? 

It's important to note that there is a subtle difference between predeterminism ("no alternative possibilities") and determinism. It has to be an argument for determinism, which is: 

PS: Okay this question keeps getting misunderstood. Again, please note: The question is NOT if Zeno assumed atomistic time and space here (there is no evidence for that, anyway!). The question is, how “The Stadium” can reach a paradoxical conclusion WITHOUT assuming atomistic time and space. 

I think this is very strange on the face of it. To plagiarize from Jerry Fodor: 

Classically, there is no difference. Identity is a two place predicate which has the value true if its arguments are numerically identical and false otherwise. One can write such a predicate as Identical(x,y) or one can write it as x=y. The latter is just 'syntactic sugar' that makes sentences easier to read, but it expresses the same thing. This is the way identity is employed in logic, in particular in predicate logic, and by extension in mathematics. 

Frege, Quine, Geach and Dummett are all worth studying on this subject. The SEP article on identity is a helpful introduction. 

There are plenty of contexts (intensional contexts) in which identity relations appear to violate the indiscernibility of identicals. For example, "Mary knows that George Orwell wrote 1984" might be true, while "Mary knows that Eric Blair wrote 1984" might be false (even though George Orwell = Eric Blair). In general what this means is that while a given identity relation might correspond to a purely extensional equivalence in a particular logic, there might be a more expressive logic in which that identity relation is not extensional. 

Feynman suggests that all interactions actually take place across all possible paths not ruled out by other criteria. So there is no randomness involved, but you as the experimenter do not have access to absolutely all the information that might affect the set of possible routes to an outcome. 

The extension by Deutsche is unwarranted and almost unrelated. No Turing Machine can compute randomness. There are only so many states, and we will be drawn back into them. So ideas like those behind classical Quantum Theory, etc. are not consistent with Deutsch. In effect, Deutsch is making the same error Nietzsche makes in deducing the Eternal Recurrence, only about non-computability rather than chaotic dynamics. Being arbitrarily close is not being right, and in endless time, eventually the gap with show some effect. 

The accepted version of Everett's (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hugh_Everett_III) view in "Many Worlds" as a model is that every particle constitutes an observer. But the more particles are involved, the more the mass will behave like a macroscopic measurer.