The new Catholic translation, the New American Bible: Revised Edition (NABRE) translates Matthew 6:7 well (source): 

Pope John XXII's final statement: (6) Likewise anyone by blaspheming God Himself, praises God. the act to be done must be good in itself or at least morally indifferent; by the act to be done is meant the deed itself taken independently of its consequences; 

Those who pray the traditional Divine Office (e.g., priests and religious) pray all 150 psalms in a week. Matthew 6:7 in no way negates St. Paul's exhortations to "pray without ceasing" (1 Thes. 5:17). Yes, if one has perfect contrition, which Fr. John Hardon, S.J., defines in his Catholic Dictionary as: Regarding #2, Catholics are certainly permitted to cure recurrent miscarriage, just as they are permitted and in some cases obliged, to cure any other disease. Failure to cure, if possible, a life-threatening disease could be a sin against the 5th Commandment. If curing the recurrent miscarriage produces some other undesired effect, like infertility, it might still be permissible to cure the recurrent miscarriage, as long as infertility is not intended; this is the principle of double-effect: 

intend to definitively define dogma: Homilies have never been used to define dogma, nor did he express his intent to define dogma. speak regarding the faith and/or morals: Yes, he was speaking about redemption. Also, John Paul II's Catechism of the Catholic Church is fallible because it contradicts previous Church teaching on some points. See this for an in-depth analysis. 

(17) An exterior act is not properly good or divine, neither does God properly operate it or produce it. 

But what if some error spring up concerning which nothing of this kind is to be found? Then he must take pains to find out and compare the opinions of the ancients, provided, of course, that such remained in the communion and faith of the One Catholic Church, although they lived in different times and places, conspicuous and approved teachers; and whatever he shall find to have been held, written and taught, not by one or two only, but by all equally and with one consent, openly, frequently and persistently, that he must understand is to be believed by himself also without the slightest hesitation.