For other cases, the bishop in charge of a diocese can give permission for priests (or bishops) of a different rite to celebrate the Sacraments in the bishop’s own rite, within his own diocese. (Actually, the bishop could grant permission to celebrate in any rite, but there is seldom any need to grant it outside his own rite.) 

Contraception has a number of bad consequences in society Because using contraception tends to lead to the objectification of sexuality, it has a number of consequences in society. Paul VI in Humanae vitae 17 points out three of them: 

We will now look at each of these in more detail. 

Note that the CCEO uses precisely the same language in Can. 44, and that neither one makes a distinction among members of a particular church. 

Hence, although transgenderism is deeply problematic (for the reasons I will mention below), that would not prevent a couple from marrying. 

Canon 1331 §1 of the Code of Canon Law explains: 

Regarding the marriage of transgender persons For these reasons, the Church can only consider the sex that persons possessed from birth (in reality, from conception) when assessing whether a couple is able to marry. If one or both of the parties happens to be transgender, that is a secondary issue, so long as one man (male at birth) marries one woman (female at birth). 

St. Paul also asked people to pray for him, as is pointed out by Geremia: 

If one or both of the spouses enters the marriage by force or through fear. If one or both have insufficient use of reason (e.g., small children, severely mentally handicapped persons, or persons in a coma). Those unable to assume the obligations for psychological reasons (a severe inability to make a permanent commitment, for example). Exclusion of an essential characteristic of marriage (indissolubility, unity, exclusivity, openness to children) on the part of either. Error regarding the person (i.e., you thought you were marrying John but it was really Dennis). There are many others. (See Canons 1095-1107.) 

The Sorrowful Mysteries, on the following days: 

However, with alcohol, its prudent and moderate use poses practically no health risks, as mentioned. (Naturally, its excessive use poses plenty of risks.) 

The lived reality of the marriage, however, may or may not proceed well. A number of factors may cause it to "fall apart." Nevertheless, if the marriage bond is already in existence, the spouses have an obligation to respect it. Although for legitimate reasons such spouses may separate, at the very least neither one may attempt a new union with another person. 

The Catechism sums this teaching up follows: 

A declaration of nullity is very different from the dissolution of marriage contemplated in these canons. The dissolution of marriage could be considered a kind of Catholic divorce, as it were, but a declaration of nullity cannot be so described. 

Note that, at least as far as the Catholic Church is concerned, although a person with the use of reason (and hence the ability to make free-will decisions) can prevent Baptism from taking place by an internal act of the will, there is nothing to prevent infants from being baptized. Infants, not having the ability to make free-will decisions, cannot place an obstacle to baptism, and so it takes place in them without fail. 

Keep in mind that there is no “official” or “correct” way to pray the Rosary. The Rosary is just a devotion, and if someone prays it, he should do so in the way that is most helpful to him. 

Regarding the particular case in question Regarding the matter in the original question (getting a vasectomy), the short answer is “no.” Vasectomies are a form of direct sterilization and mutilation, which cannot be justified under any circumstances: 

I would like to add to the ltcomdata's excellent exposition of classic Catholic ethical theory with a couple of considerations. 

We are not speaking here of Jesus Christ in his human nature. Naturally, Jesus does, and did, experience human emotions in his human nature: that is part and parcel of being fully human. Because the Person of Jesus is the very Divine Son, we can correctly say that God experiences human emotion in Jesus’ human nature. (See Catechism of the Catholic Church 467-469.) The question, however, is whether God can experience emotions in His Divine Nature, and the answer must be “no,” because we can demonstrate that the Divine Nature is unchanging. 

This type of imperfect understanding is evident in the passage in which God rescues the People of Israel from Egypt. Consider what God is said to have done to the Pharaoh: 

Can. 1142 For a just cause, the Roman Pontiff can dissolve a non-consummated marriage between baptized persons or between a baptized party and a non-baptized party at the request of both parties or of one of them, even if the other party is unwilling. 

A marriage is considered consummated if the couple has performed the conjugal act together. It is sacramental if it is contracted by two baptized persons; non-sacramental otherwise (Canon Law, 1055 §2). If a marriage is both sacramental and consummated it is considered ratum et consummatum. It is this last type of marriage that is absolutely indissoluble (as the canon cited above states). 

Let us now examine some possible objections to the Catholic (and Orthodox) practice of praying to the saints: 

Note that, as I mentioned, natural family planning does not have this issue; rather, it tends to promote communication and cooperation, as the spouses must plan their marital acts together. There is no question here of abusing the sexual act for personal benefit, because abstaining from it requires self-control and self-denial for the sake of the other.