Moreover, I strongly recommend you to read the links below as two related helpful issues. Those four animals which you mentioned, actually Fox, Hyena, Jackal and Wolf have the same condition with Dog. e.g. look at the site below regarding the Hokm of Wolf (which has named the condition of wolf as the condition of dog): Meanwhile, you’d better pay attention to some related terms of divorce or Talaq briefly as well (as some of Talaq terms): Note: to see more matter regarding Walimah, you can refer to the source below. Thirdly as the final issue, you ought to leave it if you assume it would take you in sin position, otherwise it will be OK it if there is not introduction of sin(s). Besides, don’t forget that education (at least in high degree) is not wajib that … Then the consent of Allah would be better than obtaining higher degree. Meanwhile Allah will give you more success in your life if you ignore it due to Him. When the blood observed is determined to be nifās blood, praying and fasting should be ceased until the period of nifās is over or the maximum number of days are exceeded (varies by school of jurisprudence). When the blood observed is determined to be istiḣāda, praying and fasting should be continued, while observing requirements of purification for istiḣāda. — NOTE: My own translation, so treat with care. When the body of the deceased is not present, funeral prayers may be offered in absentia in exactly the same manner (the four takbirat) as if the body was present. All the other tasks that can only be performed if the body of the deceased is present may be skipped. We mentioned that: Our madhhab is that funeral prayers in absentia is permitted, and Abu Hanifa did not allow it. Our evidence are the hadith about the Negus, and it is authentic, and they [Hanafis] do not have a valid response [why it is not permitted]. Narrated Jabir bin 'Abdullah: The Prophet (ﷺ) offered the funeral prayer for Ashama, the Negus, with four Takbir. Between 80 days and 120 days: The soul is not yet breathed into the fetus, but the creation of human features may have begun; therefore, the situation is contextual. If the aborted fetus has developed human features, the blood observed is nifās (childbirth-related) blood. Otherwise, the blood observed is considered istiḣāda blood. More than 120 days: The soul is breathed into the fetus; therefore, the blood observed is nifās blood. First 80 days: Human-like features are not yet developed. The blood observed is considered istiḣāda (vaginal, non-menstrual) blood. The above is based on the following hadith (partially quoted) in Sahih al-Bukhari under the books of beginning of creation, divine will, and prophets: From an Islamic jurisprudence point of view, after an abortion, the type of blood observed will depend on the age and stage the fetus is in at the time of abortion: Albeit my answer might be incomplete, but God willing it helps you to some extent. Of course, there seems to be a complete persuasive answer in the following link (that used it somewhat as my reference), but, unfortunately I found it just in Persian (Farsi): Those four animals which you mentioned, actually Fox, Hyena, Jackal and Wolf have the same condition with Dog. e.g. look at the site below regarding the Hokm of Wolf (which has named the condition of wolf as the condition of dog): Of course it has not illustrated in detail, but in according to the Sunnah of the prophet Mohammad (SAWW) (from the view of Shia) : It doesn’t mean that it is wajib for him to say that, but it can be regarded as a recommended practice which indicates the politeness of him, otherwise it doesn’t mean that he has done a sin by forgetting (not saying) that. Hence, in order to elucidate the issue, there are some significant points which ought to be paid attention, such as: First of all I appreciate your paying attention to this matter which made you making research concerning what you should do. Since it is seen that there could be many fields of sin in such positions. In case the person who is saying prayer doesn’t cover his Awrah, his salah is invalid… Or he has quoted in another matter that “if the clothes covers the Awrah in the standing situation, but perhaps it doesn’t cover it in another situation such as Roku or Sojud, then in case that he covers it by something (when his Awrah is seeable), then his salah would be correct. (Ayatollah Sistani as a Shia Marja’ al Taqlid) { www.sistani.org } That will be Akhar-al-Zaman (end of the world) when “men to men” and “women to women” would be satisfied. (lavat …) If a number of women don't cover all of their hairs in Iran, that's related to their (personal) incomplete obedience in regards to this Islamic order ..., and actually it is not related to the Fiqh of Shia Islam.