Background It's impossible to say for certain; the best we can do is make a rough estimate. We're interested in VIBRs: Voters in Both Referenda. A practical effect of austerity has been to reduce government spending as a percentage of GDP, from 48.0% in 2010 to 42.1% in 2016. It is fair to note that many Conservatives see this as a desirable goal, in and of itself. No. Succession to the British throne is determined by Parliament, not by the personal decision of the monarch. Other costs of withdrawal: This would cover the relocation of the two London-based EU agencies after Brexit; the European Banking Authority and the European Medicines Agency. Other costs include the decommissioning of the Joint Research Centre nuclear sites and funding British teachers seconded to European schools until 2021. Instead of comparing the BBC to agencies under direct government control, a better analogy would be a university. British universities receive most of their funding from central government; but the Prime Minister is unable to sack university professors at will, and the mere fact of being a professor at (say) Oxford University does not make a person an agent of the British government in any meaningful sense. The present Queen's father was King George VI, who had no sons. His children were Elizabeth and her younger sister Margaret. So upon the death of George VI in 1952, Elizabeth became Queen. Prior to House of Lords reform in 1999, a royal dukedom entitled the holder to a seat in the upper house of the British Parliament, although in modern times members of the royal family seldom voted or attended debates. After the 1999 reforms, royal dukes no longer have seats in the Lords. Royal dukedoms are personal gifts of the British monarch, and traditionally assigned to family members. The titles are not necessarily passed on to the holder's offspring; they may become vacant when the holder dies or accedes to a more senior title. Now that the Act has received royal assent, there is no procedure for "unassenting" it; it could only be overruled by a further Act of Parliament. Other precedents did not end well for the monarch: Of course, both the BBC and Oxford University are part of the British establishment, and for cultural reasons will tend to reflect the establishment consensus; but that is a different matter from being agencies under the control of the government of the day. The stated aim of austerity is to promote economic growth, which ultimately would allow reduction of the UK national debt relative to GDP. From the budget speech given by George Osborne, then Chancellor of the Exchequer, to the House of Commons on 22 June 2010: