Libya-Chaos Libya is now a failed state, "devoid of a functioning government" according to the Telegraph. Little chance that they can partner effectively in determining terrorist ties before entering the U.S. After the US Presidential election, x candidate wins the Presidency. The candidate is then indicted by the FBI. Can the candidate be impeached by the House of Representatives and be prevented from taking office in the interim before the swearing in ceremony? Yemen has mostly fallen to Iranian proxies--the Houthis--where it has repeatedly struck out at the US, for example the US Marines disarmament situation and firing on US Naval ships: [W]henever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends [to secure the inalienable rights to life, liberty and property], it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Syria-Civil War There are several problems with the Syrian refugee vetting process. Some administration officials have complained. But there are still glitches. The LA Times reports that federal officials have to reopen many of the cases. This reporting occurred 1/25/2017 so it is very fresh. That there is an ongoing scandal over Robert Creamer's actions as part of Hillary Clinton's Presidential campaign (detailed at CNN article here, in short, there are videos which are interpreted as planning to disrupt Trump rallies and plant protestors). There is a deliberativeness in action and that it is, by the checks and balances, not subject to the whimsical fancy of a few. The answer is no, there is no requirement for a DoEd Secretary to support public schools. What I am interested in, ultimately, is what authority did the Library of Congress have that it could produce such a report and was the Obama administration under any onus to respect its conclusions? Also note that Electors are prohibited from meeting in one central location. To minimize the chances of corruption, bribery and backroom deals, electors are prohibited from gathering in one central location to cast their ballots. Thus, electors meet in individual state capitals to vote. And ABC found more Iraqis terrorists in Kentucky. First an enemy combatant is Definition link: Council on Foreign Relations: The Left was saying this about Reagan in 1980. She also stated: "It's important to remember the American people are actually clamoring for more choices and are unhappy with the Democratic and Republican nominees," indicating it's important for America to have additional choices and is another reason to be in the race. link Ronald Radosh, an expert on the subject of Communist infiltration into America, wrote an excellent review of Morgan's Reds: McCarthyism in Twentieth-Century America in the Washington Post that covered off of the same topics you mentioned: re-evaluating McCarthy in light of the Venona program. If anything, given the repeat failure of some public schools to deliver anything like a quality education, I would think it incumbent on the Secretary to have an open mind about alternative ways to deliver that education and that would be consistent with the quality mandate. For modern era Presidents you can go here. Truman heads the list. http://us-presidents.insidegov.com/stories/5342/least-most-popular-presidents#24-Eisenhower-Overview So what do I mean when I say a President is overturned? Looking for analysis where the President or the DOJ (either the Attorney General or Solicitor General) enjoins the case either as petitioner or respondent. I would add to this whenever the United States is either the defendant or the prosecutor too. For example when the USSC upheld the Obamacare mandate that would be +1 for Obama. I bring up the Non-delegation doctrine precisely because of the following thought experiment. Say Congress does delegate part of it's legislative authority to an agency through an ill-conceived law (or the agency usurps such authority). The remedy should not be just to revoke certain effects of that law through the CRA, i.e. administrative rules, but to correct the usurpation by re-writing and re-passing new, corrective legislation that clarifies the matter. Although the Electoral College has the ability to elect a different president then what the states vote for (called being a Faithless Elector), there has never been so many faithless electors that the current President-elect was not able to be elected into office. It is generally assumed that the President-elect will be voted into office by the Electoral College. The Massachusetts Constitution of 1780 (still in effect) reads: [T]he people alone have an incontestible, unalienable, and indefeasible right to institute government; and to reform, alter or totally change the same, when their protection, safety, prosperity and happiness require it. (Declaration of Rights, Art. VII) “Governors tend to go to the places where there are already strong relationships,” Cassey said. Business leaders say it’s particularly important that the governor personally participate in the trips, rather than send emissaries. How many times did Robert Creamer visit Obama's White House? Presidential picks that require Senate confirmation will not be reviewed and voted upon by the Senate until the new Senate and President are sworn in. White House nominations and appointments are recorded here White House In short, a government that is powerful enough to give you everything you want is strong enough to take everything away. The Unanimous Declaration Reads: Second, has the War on Terror expanded or diluted those due process rights? Relatively recent changes to the case law, military code of conduct or other source material can be explored. The process can take awhile as there are about 1000 positions and the confirmation process is very onerous Slate Abraham Lincoln, perhaps our greatest President, gets the honor for being the most unpopular, and got assassinated to boot. Vote or refrain from voting for or against a particular referendum; or on account of any elector having done any of the above. Having gained strategic depth in Afghanistan, Iran has developed asymmetrical capability to disrupt U.S. operations or retaliate against American troops, should Iran's nuclear facilities be attacked.