Perhaps you find Islam's rules of dress offensive, and thus an answer justifying them is offensive. But Islam does not, so the mere subject matter doesn't render a post like that to be offensive. On Mi Yodeya we have questions about whether certain other religions or practices are idolatrous. We also have questions about dress, and questions about intimacy (which we require to be very carefully written to avoid offense). On both Islam and Christianity I suspect (I haven't checked) they have questions about errors in the Jewish bible and understandings thereof, which we Jews would find offensive but those communities don't. So long as the posts are not written rudely (a "clinical/descriptive" approach is better than a "personal/opinion" one), they should be allowed to stand. 

It's possible to shrink and move them so you can still see who's under there, I know, but in my experience this is uncommon: 

For purposes of moderation, I can ignore the sides. (I don't need my gravatar/rep/badges to be in the center, but having it in the center does serve to "anchor" the mod diamond to the left and the mod menu to the right. 

How widespread is the Back It Up principle on other sites where "compile it and see if it works" doesn't apply? Can answerers, err, please back up answers with links to these policies where they exist? Second, the entire community is responsible for the success of that community, not the few people who have diamonds. Providing benefits to moderators based on what their communities do (or don't do) misses the mark. 

I know that user avatars are accompanied by names and we can just read the text, but the avatars help, more than I realized. Can we design hats that let more show through while still having awesome art? 

The "mod" menu is gone. I understand that there's some mouse-wheel-driven way to get it in a new tab, but I don't always have a mouse wheel and I do always want it in my current tab. And somebody has to tell you; it's not discoverable in the UI. 

I'm a moderator on one of the religion sites (Mi Yodeya). We contend with possibly-offensive and actually-offensive posts fairly often. In my opinion and experience the guiding principle in handling these should be: offensiveness is relative to the norms of the community where the post appears. 

Other hats manage to be big or "full-featured" without hiding as much, like these two: This issue has a flip side. Sometimes a post that would be just fine on some other site is offensive on the site where it was posted. We get proselytizing posts from some other religions on a fairly regular basis on Mi Yodeya. On a question about, say, repentance, an answer arguing that Jesus is the only path is probably offensive no matter how politely it's written. That answer wouldn't raise an eyebrow on the Christianity site but might well attract offensive flags on Mi Yodeya, and that's not wrong. 

Moderator-related issues Thank you for this preview. I'm particularly glad to see that the links that are currently part of the site design (like tags and users) will continue to be part of the design instead of being jammed in there like on SO. 

Good Subjective, Bad Subjective refers to the Back It Up principle that was developed on an early SE site. I've seen this principle in use on UX (though I can't find an example right now), and citing sources or experience is standard on Mi Yodeya. Optional upgrade: add a red LED to the review icon; you can push the pins through and connect the coin battery either on the back side of the cloth (if it's heavy enough) or on the other side of the hat. This gives you the "review thing is always red and attention-grabbing" version. For just "red" and not "attention-grabbing", a dab of red paint does the job. The important stuff is near the center where it's easy to see and access. The three most important things in the topbar for me as a moderator are the flag count (the blue indicator with a number), the diamond dropdown (next to it), and the "mod" link over by the review counter. And even though that review counter is always wrong, "left of orange thing" and "right of orange thing" are easily navigable.