At best you can claim that classical logic is not the appropriate logic for reasoning about quantum phenomena--- this much seems right. If you held some sort of view that there could only be "one true logic" (this is a claim that, e.g, Quine made about the classical first-order predicate calculus; see this article by Gillian Russell if you're interested in the "one true logic" thesis and challenges to it) then maybe you could claim that Quantum Physics shows us that classical logic isn't the one true logic, and that instead it is some sort of paraconsistent logic (though how 2+2=5 follows from this is anyone's guess; "paraconsistent" doesn't mean "anything goes"). But better to simply give up the claim that there is "one true logic". Now, the first branching is a result of applying the universal instantiation rule for the statement at line 3. Universal instantiation in this system (since it has a free logic base) requires a branching of the tree since there are two cases in which the universal statement would be true. One branch says that the entity named by the constant you are instantiating to doesn't exist (in which case the universal is vacuously true) the other branch instantiates to a previously used constant (in this case, b). The left branch closes immediately since we know from line 9 that b exists at the actual world, and so we have a contradiction. Hopefully the (excruciatingly long) explanation suffices to make the proof clear. Section 5.2 of the SEP article on Phil of Math has some info you might find useful. I believe my statement that those are the only two requirements is actually correct (so my concerns were misplaced), Gödel states the conditions as follows: If you have an S5 modal logic (as Lewis assumes in OPW) then you can, as Eric's answer points out, ignore accessibility since every world is accessible from every world (since accessibility is an equivalence relation in S5). If, however, you start off with two isolated worlds w1 and w2 then you will have two disjoint equivalence classes of worlds (where each class is as large as the totality of Lewis's "logical space"). This isn't generally a problem in the metaphysical applications of modal logic (like Lewis's modal realism), though, since usually we start from the actual world and I don't know of anyone who has argued that two worlds can both be actual (at the same time). Possible Worlds in Formal Semantics: the standard text in formal semantics is Irene Heim and Angelika Kratzer's "Semantics in Generative Grammar" (copies of which can be found all over the internet). That's a good general reference on all of these topics. The property that a logic has when the only truth-values are "True" and "False" and every well-formed formula must be one or the other is called "Bivalence". There are a number of ways to deny bivalence. EDIT: Since I can't comment yet, I'll note here that as the other answerer indicates, it is unclear whether or not Aristotle accepted that there were truth-value gaps (he almost certainly didn't accept gluts). One of the areas where it seemed that he accepted truth-value gaps is in his discussion of future contingents. You can find discussion of this issue in his De Interpretatione. Some systems have both sorts of proofs in a single style of representation. For instance, in An Introduction To Non-Classical Logic, Graham Priest gives a tableaux system of proof where a single proof-tree/truth-tree is both a semantic and a syntactic proof of the proposition in question. A downside of this is that you have to accept that you'll have some proofs which branch infinitely (so, you don't have a decidable proof system). This can generally be recognized because you'll just have to keep reapplying a rule that creates a new branch, and you can see that you'll just get stuck in this sort of "infinite loop" but that none of these branches will serve to "close" the tree (i.e., derive a contradiction on that branch). It is hell on automated theorem provers, though. b) It is not true of every axiomatic system, or at least we do not have proofs of categoricity for every axiomatic system. Some tend to view categoricity as crucial for a proper axiomatization of non-algebraic theories like PA. It's hard to see whether algebraic theories should be categorical, though. Now, to the right branch. This instantiates the universal statement at line 3 to the constant b, lets call this line 11r (since it is on the 11th line, on the right branch). Line 12r simply exploits the interdefinability of the modal operators. Line 13r discharges 12r's possibility statement, introducing a new world (w2) in the process. Now we have a negated conjunction which is true provided that one of its conjuncts are false. Since we don't know which conjunct is false, this requires another branching. Line 14l (the 14th line, left branch) represents the case in which the left conjunct of 13r is false. Line 15l comes from the necessity at line 5, discharge the box and breaking off the left conjunct. Line 16l represents the necessity of identity, since b=a is true at @, it must be true at every world (and so it is true at w2). But, once we have b=a at w2 then we can use an application of Leibniz's Law (identicals share all the same properties) to yield Mb at line 17l, which contradicts line 14l and closes this branch. Petr Hajek on Fuzzy Logic (i.e., infinitely many valued logic) When systems lack soundness or completeness (generally completeness, people are usually reluctant to put forward proof systems whose acceptable inferences don't preserve truth) you won't be able to assume this perfect match. There is also philosophical precedence for modal formulations of the ontological argument. Sobel's Logic and Theism reviews a few variants of these arguments with a critical eye. Check out ch. 3. You can also check out Plantinga's version, and some criticism, on wikipedia.