This item works like the Fast TM but it teaches the Charged Attack instead of a Fast Attack. Remember, the Charged Attack is performed by pressing and holding during battle. Android - your phone may not have a gyroscope. If so, AR mode will not work. A few phones reporting this issue are Sony Experia, HTC 626S and all Huawei smartphones. I was next to a friendly gym and, since it was being attacked, it was preventing me from adding my Pokémon to help defend it. As I am able to feed other trainer's Pokémon berries, I feed it a few berries to boost it's motivation as my contribution. In latest update that incorporated raids, you are now able to change the attacks your Pokémon has through TMs and Charged TMs, which will teach your Pokémon a random new move. These items are rewards for defeating the raid boss The game itself will still work without a gyroscope, you'll be able to see the Pokemon with its animated background, just the AR (real life) camera won't work. IVs - On average, a majority of these Pokémon have much better IVs as well. I caught Grass/Fire/Ground in the Sunny weather, and most of them had at least one maxed IV; if not, just a few points lower than max This also allows for transferring multiple different Pokémon. So you can transfer both Pidgeys and Weedles to receive the number of candies respectively. This is a problem a few of our readers recently reported. Searching the web it appears the issue could be one of two things: Pokemon GO – Problems & Solutions If you are an Apple device owner running iOS Beta 1/2, reverting back to an older version may be a solution Level (courtesy of this answer) - trainers are noticing an increase in capped capture level as well if caught in the favored weather. Previously, captured Pokémon was maxed a lv30 and no longer scaled with your level without having to power it up. However, if the Pokémon is caught in the favored weather, these Pokémon will no longer be capped at 30 and will further scale with your level. The Pokémon GO user interface will reflect each Trainer’s current local weather. Certain Pokémon will be more likely to appear frequently in weather that suits them the most. Move types that match certain weather conditions will deal extra damage in battle Basically, when you capture a Pokémon that spawned with the white swirl, you will obtain more star dusts and are more likely, but not guaranteed, to catch a Pokémon that is significantly stronger than normal. After a few days of testing of my own, the following are my findings of Pokémon affected by current weather After visiting a couple of Pokestops, I harvested one 10KM egg and five 2KM eggs. In a world with having only one incubator, five 2KM eggs will take equally (hypothetically) as long to hatch as a 10KM egg Below are the notes from the devs on what the Dyanmic Weather affects iOS - iPhone users with the iOS 10 beta 2 installed are also reporting problems with the phone detecting orientation for AR mode. Based on comments and many articles I have read, this is a common issue among Android and iPhones. The most common is your device may not be equipped with a Gyroscope. This problem may be fixed with an update from Niantic, so it is not entirely your device’s fault. Some who did experience this problem reported that by restarting the device the issue was solved. However, it does not work for everyone. Note that not everyone affected by it lacks a Gyroscope, this can be a compatibility issue and Niantic will have to address this in a future update to render the game compatible with your device. It seems at first to me that, if a Dratini only has a CP of 10, but has the semi-circle bar possible going to a possible maximum of 500, then it will be better than a Dratini that has a CP of 390 but is already near the max. For example, seems like Eevee can evolve into 3 types of Pokemons, and one of them is Jolteon. Does that mean I have to catch many Eevees, and then keep one not evolved, and then evolve the other ones to all 3 types of evolved Eevees? I saw that Magikarp needs 400 Magikarp candies to evolve... so we need to catch 400 Magikarps? It seems that the goal of Pokemon Go is to catch all the different types of Pokemons. But do you have to get all evolved Pokemons as well? So, does that mean I should go for the highest IV or CP? Or since most people aim for the highest IV, it seems, will that result in a highest possible CP as well? However, if the ring colors match (which seems to be rather common) and you don't want to use Wireshark or other "cheaty" methods, there's no way to legitimately detect a Ditto without catching it. And, you don't need a permit for catch-and-release. Cost will increase every second powerup. Additionally, Watching a Pokemon will cause the nearby screen to have a green "blink" when you're headed in the Pokemon's current direction. You can also do this without selecting a watch, as Pokemon will move around the menu, with the nearest always being in the top left. "Watching" a Pokemon allows you to get the distance to it (measured in footprints) on the main screen. It's purely a time-saver to keep you from having to constantly open/close the Nearby screen. Transfering to the Professor is a way of permanently removing a Pokemon from your inventory. When you evolve a Pokemon, its CP circle stays as full as it did before.