" but the account of its being corresponding to the name (kata tounoma) is different . . . " 

" because the account of being corresponding to the name differs, . . ." the rest of the clause gets confusing after that though. 

οἷον ζῷον ὅ τε ἄνθρωπος καὶ τὸ γεγραμμένον τούτων γὰρ ὄνομα μόνον κοινόν, 

One problem is that editors of journals or referees might be biased against contributions because of a failure of blind review. That is, they might see that a the author of the paper is female, or has a "black" name and automatically, subtly discount the paper on that basis. This is the easier problem to fix. Here I suggest that authors always check the editorial policy of the journal they want to submit to and only send their papers to journals that practice triple-blind submission. For instance, Mind is triple blind reviewed. That isn't always possible, and even journals that claim to be triple-blind might not always follow through. But I think it's a best practice. 

ὁ δὲ κατὰ τοὔνομα λόγος τῆς οὐσίας ἕτερος, His point in this paragraph is that mere linguistic use can be deceptive. Sometimes we use the same sound to name two things that in themselves have radically different natures. Aristotle's example is a man and a picture of a man, which apparently could both be called an 'anthropos' in Greek. A better English example might be a 'bank', which could be either the side of a river, or a financial institution. There is nothing that riversides and financial institutions have in common, so the use of the word "bank" is ambiguous in just this way. 

Second, we must recognize how philosophy within the western tradition has been used as a tool for the theoretical justification of oppression against vulnerable populations. (Whether, or how different philosophical ideas have been used for oppression in other cultures or places I do not have the expertise to say.) However, it is not possible to address this point simply by tacking on a couple of token thinkers from other traditions to the traditional undergraduate syllabus. This is a very controversial point, so let me make quite plain what I mean. 

The importance of Aristotle's point here will only really become apparent in the Analytics, when he is describing the kind of logical unity required for scientific inquiry. There he lays down the condition that you can't transfer scientifically proven conclusions about the nature of humans to pictures of humans. This is Aristotle's way of pointing out the fallacy of equivocation. There is one more wrinkle, that is a famous issue in Aristotle's metaphysics and that is that Aristotle recognizes a special subset of homonyms where there is enough relation between the different senses to allow us to investigate them all under one science. He calls this "pros hen equivocity" although it's sometimes known in the literature as "focal meaning" or in older medieval texts as "the doctrine of analogy". This is how Aristotle is able to reconcile his claim that "being" is not a univocal notion--chairs and redness don't "exist" in the same sense, with his claim that metaphysics is the science of being qua being. 

"Things are said to by `homonyms' which have one name in common, . . ." 

Ὁμώνυμα λέγεται ὧν ὄνομα μόνον κοινόν, 

Another way you might be handicapped by race or gender is economic. It takes time and money to have the leisure required to hone and polish one's work to the level that is required to publish in impressive venues in philosophy. If you aren't lucky enough to be sitting on a trust fund that can bankroll many, many years of graduate education, there's a good chance you're not going to have time to publish and to the kind of work I was just talking about two paragraphs up. And of course, many women and minorities are disadvantaged in just that way. This isn't unique to women and minorities, but it is an issue of special concern to them as well. Another problem might be that editors or referees might be biased against contributions from women or minorities on the basis of content. A violation of this type would occur when a very good paper about W. E. B. DuBois gets rejected just because of its subject matter. This is actually more complicated than a simple case of "the journal is racist because it won't consider papers on DuBois." Journals are founded with specific audiences and specific areas and topics in mind. So make sure that you aren't submitting stuff to an inappropriate journal. But of course there are generalist journals that say they publish anything, and it might be the case that some of these journals are top journals and they are consistently kicking very good material back because referees are just inherently suspicious of some of the people who who up in the footnotes. This is harder to fix. Maybe the best strategy for young scholars here is simply to remove all reference in your work to other thinkers. Let's say you have this great idea about how racial biases have infected philosophy of biology. Just write your idea up and defend it as your own. My sense is that if you are able to clearly articulate your problem, and defend a cogent, rigorous solution to it your work has a pretty good shot at being taken seriously in the profession precisely because people are unlikely to have heard it before. Once you've got tenure, you tell everybody how you got all your great ideas from this theorist they've been discounting. And then you've got a real bully pulpit. If you can publish your ideas in good places, people will take you seriously. If they take you seriously and you show how your ideas that got published these good places are all influenced by this important figure nobody's reading--well, that's just how you get the philosophical community broadly to start taking your figure seriously.