Pilgrims from all over Greece came to Delphi to seek answers from the priestess, the most prestigious of her kind in the classical world. Many of them would disembark at Cirrha, the closest port to Delphi. The city took advantage of this to impose a toll on pilgrims, a sacrilegious act that ultimately provoked a war with the Amphictyonic League. He wasn't just visiting the front - he went into the fields with his troops and commanded them in the fighting, including at the pivotal Battle of the Yser. I don't know if this counts as "taking part in military actions" - it kind of depends on whether one interprets that as physically fighting vs being a frontline commander. Though according to Wikipedia German troops refrained from shooting him, which would suggest he was rather in the thick of it. Immediately after the Armistice ended the Pacific War, some tens of thousands of Japanese veterans remained in Vietnam, with more in nearby regions. They were actively courted by the Viet Minh, who needed their experience and expertise in their looming war with France. Some 1000 Japanese military personnel thus found themselves on the Vietnamese side, including something like 47 former Kempetai members and/or 46 officers. Though exact numbers should be taken with a grain of salt. This was codified by the International Law Commission at the behest of the United Nations General Assembly in 1950 as the Principles of International Law Recognized in the Charter of the Nüremberg Tribunal and in the Judgment of the Tribunal. However, it is based on the activities and findings of the International Military Tribunal between 1945-6, which is itself concerned with the crimes of the Nazis committed up to and including 1945. The ACTUAL ending of the war was the Battle of New Orleans, January 8, 1815 (news traveled slowly in those days, so neither side knew that the war had ended). It was a complete, lopsided victory for the defending American forces, under General Andrew Jackson that helped catapult him to the Presidency. The British suffered some 2000 casualties (one fourth of their total), including the commanding general Edward Pakenham. The first, and "official" ending, was the signing of the peace Treaty of Ghent, December 24, 1814, which would have made a nice Christmas present. It called for a cessation of hostilities, the exchange of lands and prisoners, and the appointment of a joint commission to study U.S. Canadian boundary issues. In fact, Russia had no navy until the time of Peter the Great (1690s). Even then, it was far behind the fleets of Britain and France in the 18th century. The "Charge of the Light Brigade" is nowadays considered an exercise in heroic futility, but at the time it was treated as an epic. It succeeded on its own terms, the Brigade overran the guns, but charged the wrong ones. It was held up as an example of British heroism that led to mindless (infantry) charges in the First World War, at least up to Passchendaele. Sometimes the "amnesty" was offered before the criminals were caught. The British (and other countries) did this in the 17th and 18th century with pirates. Provided that they agreed not to attack ships of their own country, such people were given letters of pardon that immunized them from punishment for attacking the ships of OTHER countries. That process turned "pirates" into "privateers." The Carthaginians had more infantry, the Romans more cavalry, but the Carthaginians hoped to turn their elephants to their advantage. This didn't work, because the Roman Scipio, suspecting that the elephants could only charge in a straight line, ordered his men to get out of their way. They couldn't be used in a flanking maneuver that might have hurt the Romans. This organization was instrumental in organizing the nations of South and Central America. In fact, before the founding of it, some of these nations recognized Manchukuo as a legitimate state. The Royal Navy had two main submarines. The X-class submarine was built from 1943-1944, eventually replaced by the XE-class submarine. 20 X-class submarines and at least twelve XE-class submarines were built. There were also a few unsuccessful submarines, such as the Sleeping Beauty and the Welman submarine. Six of the X-class were lost in battle and one in training. Another six of the X-class were training-only. The operational X-class were mainly used in preparatory work such as taking surveys of Normandy beach and cutting torpedo nets in harbors. However, six were used in Operation Source to neutralize German warships. All but two of the submarines involved were lost in this operation. XE-class submarines were used similarly. However, only four of them ever saw action. In 1945, they were used to cut Japanese telephone cables off the coast of Vietnam and China. This is all part of the NATO system for designating land units. Shingen did actually leave orders to keep his death secret for three years. I don't think they fooled anyone, though. Customary international law does not need to be codified, but are instead general principles accepted by the international community. The fact that such rulings were made in 1945 shows that by that point, the international consensus was that aggressive wars are no longer allowed. For example, in the Normandy map, you can see Heeresgruppe B next to Paris denoted with XXXXX under the command of Field Marshal Erwin Rommel. - Phillips, David D. Athenian Political Oratory: 16 Key Speeches. Psychology Press, 2004. Those who belonged to the Kempetai were apparently all wanted by the allies. Apart from them, I'm not sure which of the Japanese soldiers were, or were accused of being, war criminals. It seems France primarily wanted to deprive the Vietnamese of Japanese military training and assistance. At any rate, beginning in 1951 these soldiers began to be repatriated, and as far as I can tell none ran into trouble when they returned home. At any rate, afterwards King Albert stayed and continued to direct the Yser Front until the end of the war (while the Belgian government evacuated to France). In 1918 the King commanded the Belgian wing of the Allied Hundred Days Offensive, including the Fifth Battle of Ypres. This is just a few months after peace on the Eastern Front.