What did either contemporary German or British strategists or planners, or recognized historians in hindsight, have to say about any of the following questions: Hitler believed that the Japanese had started the process of destroying the U.S. navy, and that his submarines could finish the job. With the U.S. supposedly helpless, Germany and Japan could divide up the eastern hemisphere before finishing their dealings with the Americas. Did the Philippines actually have the strategic military or political importance that MacArthur attached to them, and need to be recaptured even if the Japanese had garrisoned them with a million men? Or was it even the case that the Americans had underestimated the transfer of Japanese troops to the islands, so that they thought they were facing X soldiers, when in fact, there was "a multiple of X" on the Philippines? The Americans preferred to bleed the Japanese to death by "trading shots." Coral Sea, one Japanese carrier sunk, two put out of action, versus one American carrier sunk, one damaged (the Yorktown, repaired for the Midway battle in one weekend). At Midway, the Americans sank four carriers while losing one, but that hardly mattered; a four to three "kill" ratio would have been sufficient. Basically, the Japanese would have had to sink all three American carriers with the loss of no more than one to maintain the 1 to 3 parity dictated by the countries' relative productions. Anything "worse" (e.g. two Japanese carriers lost for three Americans), and the Americans would win. I am well aware that the German invasion of the Soviet Union, as depicted on maps like these, showed large German gains in 1941, and subsequently on the road to Stalingrad in 1942. Post-World War II Poland was "designed" by the British foreign office, presented by Churchill, and ratified by Roosevelt and Stalin at the Tehran Conference in 1943, as noted in another answer. The invasion of Italy was a huge psychological success for the Allies. It caused the Italian government to overthrow Mussolini in a coup d'etat and join the Allies. One (admittedly the weakest) of the Rome-Berlin-Tokyo Axis had fallen before the Allies lost one of their major powers (Britain, the Soviet Union or China) to the Axis. From this point of view, it was clear that the days of the Axis were numbered. Put another way, the question is how much of German-occupied territory was "Russia" (however defined) as opposed to the rest of the Soviet Union? The sinking of the Reuben James contributed to the American war sentiment, and the U.S. and Germany went to war six weeks later. The sinking of the Lusitania in 1915 contributed to U.S. war sentiment, and America entered the war in early 1917, almost two years later. Both events were smoothed over (temporarily) when the Germans showed subsequent restraint. I'm referring to the fact that BOTH sides ordered their troops to fight for the city "to the last man and last round." (Hitler). The Soviet Union's General Vasili Chuikov echoed this by saying "We will defend the city or die in the attempt." This was not an "old fashioned" war between "gentlemen." The enemies on the other side were truly evil. I won't go into gory details about e.g. Germany's "Holocaust" that followed "Kristallnacht" in 1938 or Japan's "Rape of Nanking" in 1937. The "night of broken glass" and the rampaging of China's capital were known early on, even though the "camps" didn't take their final form until 1942.