Eastern Daylight Time (EDT), when observing daylight saving time (spring/summer) is 4 hours behind Coordinated Universal Time (UTC−04:00). 

Whatever I try, I have problems to describe the overruling nature of an ancestor with the matching predicate over an ancestor with a non-matching predicate. 

The data URI you have in your example is not a valid PNG image. This will never work and is unrelated to the code, it's related to the data. 

I think these are enough examples for one answer. You can find the full source-code as well as an example to display nice-looking ascii-trees in this gist: https://gist.github.com/3599532 

If your plugin needs the dictionary object, it has to ask for it: 

I have got a large file in PHP of which I would like to replace the first 512 bytes with some other 512 bytes. Is there any PHP function that helps me with that? 

So how would that work? The plugin needs to be created somewhere, so this needs a factory. The factory build method knows what your plugin needs: 

Is there a method or annotation that signals Phpunit to not execute this abstract test (but does not mark it as skipped or incomplete)? 

Technical differences in short: 

I might run into a bug here when I see the output across multiple PHP versions, looks like that HHVM does not have this issue by transposing it: 

I've used both PHPUnit & SimpleTest and I found SimpleTest to be easier to use. 

Doing it like http://mywebsite.com/user would be a lot easier to set up if it's an option. 

As far as TDD goes, I haven't had much luck with it in the purest sense. I think that's mainly a time/discipline issue on my part though. 

Here are the headers I'm sending: 

I've also tried ports ranging from 9000 (default), 9005, 8083, etc. 

Here's a simple example which uses curl and the GET interface. 

And why am I allowed to instantiate SillyDB from inside itself at all? 

Let's say I'm writing a PHP (>= 5.0) class that's meant to be a singleton. All of the docs I've read say to make the class constructor private so the class can't be directly instantiated. 

I tried this but it just barfs. 

I have the following code which is attempting to upload an image with metadata to a Picasa web album. 

When the layout rendering code encounters this 

Using the Magento Ecommerce system, is is possible to remove an item from the Admin Panel Navigation menu? More generally, is there a way to use the config override system to remove existing elements from a configuration? 

<my_or_their_group translate="label"> is the name of the group your config variable will show up in. Groups are the Ajax drop downs that contain config fields. For example, the General section has a "Country options" group and a Local options" group. Again, check existing core modules if you're unsure how to place a value in an existing group. 

One approach that's common when you're uncertain which way to go (as mentioned by cletus below) is to create an interface, and then have your abstract class implement that interface. 

Performance: Who knows, it depends, profile. 

You main code entry point in Java will be a method to a class, as opposed to PHPs main global entry point 

So, for step 1, create a file at app/etc/modules named "Stackoverflow_Customconfig.xml", and place the following inside