English ox - oxen or mouse-mice (Bauer, Lieber and Plag 2013: 22) 

In fact, even Sapir (in the 1920's!) criticized that approach. All intro textbooks still use those terms but in modern linguistic typological research, terms like "agglutinative/isolating languages" are no longer used/avoided. Now, let me repeat it here. If a proper noun denotes a male, it is of the masculine gender. It doesn't matter whether it belongs to the first declension or not. It will be masculine. That is why "Catilina" in Latin is masculine, although it belongs to the first declension. Or in Russian, "Petja" (Pete) and "Vera" (a girl's name) belong to the same type of declension. 

a phonetically similar/same base Secondly, Heine has a nice table on types of comparison. Naturally, there is some variation in terminology - but this is irrelevant here. To make things even more complicated, gender is only one type of noun categorization (see more on noun classes). There are languages where there is no masculine/feminine distinction in nouns. At first, some general remarks on comparison and terminology. My answer is mostly based on Pierluigi Cuzzolin's research. 

As for wordhood tests, you should read Martin Haspelmath's 2011 paper in Folia Linguistica 45(1). He addresses all of your questions, and it is a very good review article. Now, to make things more complicated, this semantic animacy interacts with many other things, like definiteness, referentiality etc. (the extended animacy hierarchy). See Croft for further discussion 

How many permits did you have? 

German gut 'good'- besser 'better' Interesting examples from Russian: I would like to add a very important reminder here. I don't think it's a good idea to say that some languages are agglutinative and others are not (isolating, inflectional etc.). This Humdoldtian-Schleicherian (individualizing) approach is flawed because: see a famous passage written by Mark Twain: "the reader will see that in Germany a man may think he is a man, but when he comes to look into the matter closely, he is bound to have his doubts; he finds that in sober truth he is a most ridiculous mixture; and if he ends by trying to comfort himself with the thought that he can at least depend on a third of this mess as being manly and masculine, the humiliating second thought will quickly remind him that in this respect he is no better off than any woman or cow in the land. Any comparison must contain at least the following three elements: the comparee, the parameter (a cognitively salient feature), and the parameter marker (a morpheme expressing a degree). 

Now about equative expressed morphologically (like in Welsh). Cuzzolin and Lehmann argue that it's not that common. They mention the following language groups and languages: Celtic languages, Finno-Ugric languages, Kartvelian languages, Tagalog, Indonesian, Greenlandic Eskimo, and Estonian. An example from Estonian is below: You may want to start with an excellent review by Leonid Kulikov. 2011. Voice typology. In The Oxford Handbook of Linguistic Typology, ed. J. J. Song. Oxford: OUP, esp. pp. 374-380. OED: permit (noun), from permit (verb) 

One of the best books on the passive voice is Siewierska, Anna. 1984. The passive: A comparative linguistic analysis. London: Croom Helm. German die Herz 'heart' nom.sg. - des Herzens gen.sg., cf. das Ohr 'ear' nom.sg. - des Ohr(e)s gen.sg. (Wurzel 1990 :210) The most important thing to remember about comparison is that it can be expressed by different means: morphologically, syntactically (for examples see Cuzzolin and Lehmann 2004). 

He will permit me to do so. etc. 

UPDATE: A couple of words on gender in linguistics. Gender in linguistics doesn't mean biological gender - linguistics is not biology, after all. It is understood as a type, kind. A Wikipedia article on animacy (its Russian version) aslo mentions cases when the same noun can be both animate and inanimate (with no difference in meaning), e.g. virus 'virus' or robot 'robot'. See examples (48)-(50) on p. 155 in Coding participant marking: Construction types in twelve African languages or have a look at König 2009 in The Oxford handbook of case: At first, some important remarks on animacy. permit (verb), rank: 2121, frequency: 16764; permit (noun), no data (not even included) http://www.wordfrequency.info/files/entriesWithoutCollocates.txt I personally prefer the definition of conversion as "the phenomenon in which one base-word (stem) may function as a member of different lexical categories" (Don, Trommelen, and Zonneveld 2000: 943, cf. Mel'čuk 1973, Plungian 2011: 149). In other words, a stem that underwent a functional transposition A=>B starts to behave syntactically as other members of class B: Let's start with some definition of comparison. Cuzzolin and Lehmann 2004 give the following definition: 

For animate nouns (NB: animate doesn't mean alive), gender assignment is usually based on semantics. In other words, if a word denotes a male (human being), the word is masculine. 

Some examples from Dyirbal (Dixon 1972) 

On the other hand, in languages with poor morphology where word classes might not have distinctive markers we find another phenomenon, category indeterminacy (or multifunctionality). For example, in Sranan Tongo (Dutch Guyana), Voorhoeve 1979 reports that the word hebi can mean "heavy; to be heavy; weight." However, Don, Trommelen, and Zonneveld 2000 argue that this phenomenon is different from conversion. In the case of conversion, there is always one "original" stem (class A in the example above), to which you can trace the transposed stem: