How do you best approach (if, at all) teaching children in the late toddler to preschool age groups about responsibility - not responsibility as in doing chores (which we have a good handle on), but as in making choices that have meaningful consequences? 

Again, firmly telling them that I have things under control. What's important here (and in the first example, but more here) is that I didn't argue with her thesis - that he wasn't safe on the playground equipment - but simply made clear that I was watching things and wasn't concerned. If I argue with her, something like (She proceeds to nearly knock him off. I come over from where I was standing, 3 feet away.) 

I anticipate having more of these problems in the next few years, because my two boys are very close in age and interests - 19 months apart - and we're definitely finding even now that even with relatives who know our general attitude (such as Grandma) it's hard for them to understand our approach, which largely is to allow the kids to work out their relationship on their own without much intervention - as long as they're not physically harming each other significantly, anyway. That's very hard for others to let go, from what we've seen so far, so I can empathize with the difficulty you're having with older children - and I hope the above strategies work for that kind of issue (or I'll find out otherwise I guess!) 

What I would suggest in this case, and have done a few times, is firmly telling the waitress: 

To me it comes down to being firm yet positive: asserting your control over the situation as a parent, but not putting the other person down or making them feel bad for their action. Sure, they probably shouldn't be offering your child candy or trying to insert themselves in your children's social development (which toy-sharing is one of the most important!), but if it's not someone you will likely ever see again I think it's better to leave it as a positive thing. Grandma I treat very differently, since she's expected to help us raise the children the way we are trying to, and will see him often; but waitresses or receptionists you can't really do that with, without sounding condescending or likely making the other person feel bad. 

Fortunately for me, the last time we had this interaction (at lunch on the road back for Thanksgiving) the employee didn't do that, but did this: 

However, if he chooses the toy and then after that, Mom or Dad get dessert, he often will through a tantrum if he's not allowed to eat a significant portion of said dessert. The only solution we've found is to discard the dessert at that point, which doesn't really make anyone happy (but stops the tantrum). Reminding him about the toy doesn't seem to make a difference; he regrets his choice at that point. I think that in the example provided, I can't imagine being in a situation where that was possible; my son is younger than yours (3), but certainly wouldn't ask someone not "in charge" (ie, parents, grandparents, or daycare/teacher) to intervene in a dispute. However my children are younger and in different locations, of course; so I'll answer from what I do have experience with. 

Some find it useful to also give the consequence of going to the car naked, if he/she refuses to get dressed; for some kids this might work, for some like mine it usually doesn't work as a consequence (though it does work as a last ditch way to get him dressed, as we can dress him in the car ourselves with less resistance).