Nagel, in his paper, What is it like to be a Bat, launches into a defence of reducing consciousness to purely physical character. He suggests, according to Hacker, in a rebuttal of Nagels thesis, Is there anything it is like to be a bat that the qualitative character of other species experience may be beyond our capacity to conceive. 

Schopenhauer identifies the noumena of an impersonal will; and it is the force of this will that causes the phenomenal world. 

One reason to think of algorithims is that one can do things with them. Crucially this aspect is missing from intelligence seen as algorithmic. 

Deleuze also said that concepts are not ideas, that is not Platonic ideas which live in a Platonic world. Since Deleuze rejects the transcendental he must also rejects Platonic heaven. 

What do I mean by a genealogical willed process? 

Compare this to the contemporary notion of the universe arising by a quantum fluctuation; a mechanism for said spontaneous event. 

I haven't read anything by Dennet, so I can't comment directly; but it might be worth noting that an illusion exists: it exists as an illusion; but what is of course being implied here is that it is not the most basic level of reality. In your Bigfoot example, we know that we have observed pretty much the entire surface of the planet--to the extent that we have conducted nearly an exhaustive search for Bigfoot and not found it. Therefore, Bigfoot is very unlikely to exist. Saying that you've seen Bigfoot, therefore, makes about as much sense as saying that bananas are blue and pink, unless you not only state the claim but provide amazingly good evidence of it. 

But I will note another situation where this sort of reaction makes more sense. Suppose I go to a formal dinner with the Queen of England while wearing a backwards baseball cap instead of a tie. Ridiculous! Of course, neither the tie nor the baseball cap have any direct functionality, in all likelihood. Rather, the tie is a signal: I understand the social situation and am acting accordingly. The cap is a different one: I'm either totally unaware of or snubbing your silly social rules. This sort of thing can be used for "profiling"--really, just figuring out whether someone is one of you or not. Quite a valuable thing to do for a social primate, you know. Cultural ridicule can help enforce easy identification of group membership. Is that why we do it, in some sense? I don't know, but it's quite suggestive, isn't it? I pick out some details from your question - unfortunately I did not understand all. 

To think means in according to a classical definition 

Secondly, it depends on both the object and the light which strikes the surface, which mix of wavelenghts is reflected into our eyes. 

The most simple logical model is 2-valued logic, propositional logic. Here all propositions are either true or false. And if a propostion is true, then it is true independent from any person considering the proposition. Also it's truth values does not change in time. The truth value is an objective property of a proposition, independent from time and person. 

The truth value and certainty are independent concepts. A person can be certain about a proposition, but the proposition is false. A long time everybody was certain: The sun revolves around the earth. 

Thirdly, it depends on the human visual system how we experience as colour the mixed wavelenghts of the incoming light.