In my experience, even what are considered successful authors rarely make enough just from publishing to survive on. A "very successful" book might generate $10,000 for its author, which sounds like a lot, but not if the book took 5 years to write. Even very well-respected authors can often have more prestige than money. Many authors supplement their income through doing paid speaking engagements. A large number are professors of English (if they have their MFA degree), or teach at writing institutes. Others do contract writing to subsidize the writing they really care about. 

In my experience, the following are the most common generic asks for a modern book proposal, which is entirely oriented around solving the question "how will we sell your book": 

Excerpt: Some of the common guidelines are "the first 30 pages" or "the first 3 chapters". It should be absolutely 100% free of errors and typos. 

A note of caution: if you are expecting this to be an income source for your family, that is highly unlikely, unless your ancestors were famous (in which case someone would probably have already re-released their work). You're probably going to be most happy with this process if you view it as doing a service to your ancestors, by keep their work alive, rather than as a way to build up a nest egg for your kids. 

As a side note, you'll want to submit exclusively to Italian language publishers and/or agents. There's no possible reason to submit your Italian-language book to an English oriented firm or agent. According to this site there are nearly 300 Italian publishers. 

BTW, user8183921's advice is excellent, and can be equally applied to agents. For English speaking agents, this is a good starting place: AgentQuery --I'd be surprised if there isn't an analog for other languages as well. 

Those are basically two of the most common options, yes. Below are the ones that I know: 

There's a very simple answer to this question: Self-publish if-and-only-if you excel at sales and marketing, and are willing to relentlessly promote your book (including book tours, interviews, author talks and so forth) and/or if your book would be a natural add-on to your pre-existing business (as a motivational speaker, for example). Self-publishing success stories result more often from exceptional salesmanship than exceptional writing. 

In my experience, most author/illustrators need to first establish themselves as either an author or as an illustrator, and then move towards doing both. The reason is that publishers like to pair a known quantity with a beginner, a big name with an unknown. Once they know you can sell, or have developed a following, then you can pitch yourself as being able to handle both. 

The only way to do this well is research --at a library, bookstore or on the internet. A mistake I've personally made in the past is to use too many bestsellers as comparisons. While it might seem that this would position your book as a future hit, it actually makes it seem like you only know the "greatest hits" among your competitors. 

B) Writing advice by authors I personally admire. For instance, I constantly refer back to a writing book by Samuel Delany, whom I consider to be a genius. His book is idiosyncratic, his advice is not intended to be followed blindly (or capable of that) and his opinions are controversial. But his insights are amazing. A book like this should be taken with a grain of salt, because otherwise you'll just be imitating the author. 

Once you've established that yes, people do in fact buy books like yours, the task shifts to showing why the world needs another entry in that category (in other words, what makes your book special). 

However, given your self-description as someone with "no life," what do you have to lose by devoting yourself wholeheartedly to something? Anything you succeed at will take hard work and sacrifice. If you enjoy fantasy, why not write it? You can live in your own fantasy world full-time... or at least part-time. You're arguably in a better place in life for the often intensely solitary work of writing than someone with a fuller social calendar or more responsibilities. As far as whether it's all been done before --it's ALL been done before, the question is can you do it in a new and better way? 

I'm not a legal expert, but my belief is that you can reprint anything in the public domain, but you cannot newly copyright it. Typically, when older works are reprinted, the publisher adds scholarly notes, a new introduction, new illustrations, or other material that can be copyrighted (for example, The Annotated Alice). If it is really in the public domain, you will not need permission from the repositories, nor should you need to retype (unless they added their own copyrighted material to the original). 

My personal advice for you, given your self-description as a "storyteller," is to start by writing short stories and to see if you can get those published. At that point you'll have some writing credits (to give you credibility), some experience (so you'll know what you like and don't like), and a place to start from (if you want to adapt one of your stories for a screenplay, novel, or manga). 

If you are actually hoping to turn a profit from using someone else's characters and settings by name, without permission or compensation, you are stealing intellectual property and are in the moral and legal wrong. Furthermore, you'll be creating something that no legitimate publisher would ever touch, even with a ten-foot pole. At least do the minimum, and rename the characters and settings --that's what thousands of successful authors did with all their Lord of the Rings rip-offs. If your story can't stand on its own without people thinking of the original, then it really is parasitic on someone else's hard work and creativity. 

Cooperative Publishing - This is basically a form of self-publishing, where a cooperative collective of authors (see this example) publishes an anthology work, and then takes on the task of sales. This is more a way to get into print than to make money, since the per-author proceeds are quite low.