The committee has produced a short handout documenting some of the process, but in brief it appears you're likely to need to attend a meeting in your local area, then if they like the look of you, be invited to a more formal Parliamentary Assessment Board. This will require you to provide three referees, pay a £250 fee and have been a Conservative Party member for at least 3 months. 

Under the current rules a new candidate for the Labour leadership requires the support of 20% of Labour MPs and MEPs (members of the European parliament). This would equate to 50 signatures from 230 MPs and 20 MEPs. There appears to be some uncertainty as to whether this is also true for an incumbent. The difficulty apparently comes down to rule Rule 4.2.ii of the Labour party rule book which states that when a party leader faces a challenge “any nomination must be supported by 20 per cent of the Commons members of the PLP. Nominations not attaining this threshold shall be null and void” but doesn't make clear whether this applies only to the challenger(s) or not. To list a few extra structural considerations: While anyone meeting the criteria to be an MP (be over 18 and a UK, Irish or Commonwealth citizen and not be otherwise disqualified) can run for election in a constituency by collecting enough signatures and paying a deposit, to run in the name of a party, you must be selected by them. In the case of the Conservatives, candidates are selected by the local constituency Association from a shortlist approved by a central candidates committee. 

You might also like to consider that the largest parliamentary constituency in the UK is Ross, Skye and Lochaber at about 12,000 square kilometres, whereas the largest Canadian federal riding is Nunavut at about 2,093,190 square kilometres. There's no reason to suppose the most rational counting scheme for one is also the most rational for the other. 

As a new and unknown candidate, it's more likely you'd be put up in an opposition safe seat than a safe Conservative seat or an easily winnable marginal, but as the losers of the 1992 General Election in North West Durham will attest, that doesn't mean you'll never make it as an MP. parliamentary or presidential elections disruption - mayors of medium and small towns or villages can easily influence voting by using local resources to promote friendly candidates. In the country side this done through relations with some other public figures such as priests or medical doctors. one round-system for voting for mayors as opposed to Two-round one (might be Romania specific) clearly favored existing mayors. This has practically rendered mayor election useless (most of existing mayors have won an extra term) Question: considering all above, why can mayors be elected for more than the typically two terms? (while presidents can not) 

The bias towards having the same mayors is so big that some mayors were in jail when they were elected. Checking this list, I have noticed that the vast majority of countries do not limit mayors terms count. However, the president is usually limited to two terms of 4-5 years. To narrow the question scope, I will take the particular example of my native country, Romania: ex-communist country, parliamentary democracy within the European Union. However, I think the following reasoning can be applied to many other developing countries as well: 

In the US, Super PACs may not make contributions to candidate campaigns or parties, but may engage in unlimited political spending independently of the campaigns (quote from Wikipedia). However, the Super PAC Restore our Future was created to support Mitt Romney, and Priorities USA Action was created to support Barack Obama. Is the ban on coordination between Super PACs and candidates effective in preventing conflicts of interest should the candidate win political power? In the NOS election debates for the Dutch General election, 2017, invited parties include all 11 parties that gained seats at the previous elections as well as the new parties Nieuwe Wegen, VoorNederland, and DENK. How are the latter three invitees determined? In polls, DENK polls at 0–2 seats, VoorNederland at 0–1 seats, and Forum voor Democratie at 0–1 seats. Forum voor Democratie was not invited; Nieuwe Wegen was; I have not seen any opinion poll in which it would enter parliament (threshold 0.67%). The linked NOS article states invitees are voor de helft bepaald door het huidige aantal zetels in de Tweede Kamer en voor de andere helft door de Peilingwijzer van 1 februari, which means determined half by the current seat number in de Tweede Kamer and half for the other by the meta-poll Peilingwĳzer. However, neither Nieuwe Wegen, VoorNederland, or DENK are currently in parliament, and Nieuwe Wegen has not even appeared in Peilingwĳzer, so that does not explain why Nieuwe Wegen was invited but Forum voor Democratie was not. To narrow the question scope, I will take the particular example of my native country, Romania: ex-communist country, parliamentary democracy within the European Union. However, I think the following reasoning can be applied to many other developing countries as well: one round-system for voting for mayors as opposed to Two-round one (might be Romania specific) clearly favored existing mayors. This has practically rendered mayor election useless (most of existing mayors have won an extra term) Question: considering all above, why can mayors be elected for more than the typically two terms? (while presidents can not) 

The bias towards having the same mayors is so big that some mayors were in jail when they were elected. 

Checking this list, I have noticed that the vast majority of countries do not limit mayors terms count. However, the president is usually limited to two terms of 4-5 years. 

parliamentary or presidential elections disruption - mayors of medium and small towns or villages can easily influence voting by using local resources to promote friendly candidates. In the country side this done through relations with some other public figures such as priests or medical doctors.