The third premise is also false; otherwise clinical psychiatrists are either insane or engaged in a futile endeavor. 

EDIT: I am not sure that it came through but by immoral I did not mean morally deficient or evil. Rather at the God's plane of being morality becomes meaningless, like tastes or smells are meaningless when applied to elementary particles. 

I used to think that Kuhn's "incommensurable paradigms" are an exaggeration, and perhaps they are, but there is a genuine problem there. Let us grant downward correspondence, that is that "less advanced" paradigms can be imported into "more advanced" ones using anachronistic translation, and cheerfully assume that today we know what's true. This still leaves the problem of Gettier knowledge. The justifications historical figures had for their beliefs invariably depended, at one place or another, on something that we now hold false. People often ask on the history site if people knew p before modern times, or who first discovered p. I usually give a colloquial answer, with reservations, and then try to explain how modern concepts emerged, and differ from the historical ones. Is there a more principled way? Kuhn's dissolution of the question as meaningless seems extreme, but the colloquial interpretation is hardly a satisfactory philosophical position. 

I am going to assume extra context provided by OP’s earlier related question, Does fictional discourse pose special difficulties for logic? 

you do not appear to really be understanding the issues involved--speciation at various levels, drift, the distinction between abiogenesis and evolution, etc. etc. etc.. There is a huge gulf between explaining the first cell and everything just being "maintenance", for instance. I'm not sure that better structured philosophical treatises are what's going to help you here as opposed to a much deeper understanding of the history of life on earth and the physical processes that underlie life and evolution. Planet Earth: Cosmology, Geology, and the Evolution of Life and Environment by Cesare Emiliani is a decent starting point. (If you read various books by Dawkins carefully, you can get a lot of the same material, but it's not very efficient or complete.) Without approximately that much background, I'm not sure it's possible to even understand why Dawkins, for instance, seems to think there are not any gaps for God to hide in any more. 

What is the probability that men vs. women will go to a party shrouded and ask random strangers questions about their sex after revealing that they have a brother? What fraction of people identify as some gender that is different than their biological sex? Ignoring the sociological facts as irrelevant by construction in a thought experiment, we can focus on the biology. There is a second aspect to the problem of deduction that is specific to it, what Hintikka called the scandal of deduction (paraphrasing Hume's "scandal of induction"). The paradox, over which already Mill and Peirce puzzled, is that, on the one hand, deduction merely reveals what is already "contained" in the premises (as classically held by Locke and Kant) and hence produces no new information, but on the other hand, when mathematicians prove non-trivial theorems it seems like they do learn something new. The scandal of deduction is an active research topic in modern epistemic logic, see e.g. The Enduring Scandal of Deduction by Floridi and D'Agostino. The dominance of first order logic is based on technical results of Skolem and Gödel, rather than on philosophical arguments. Skolem proved that first order logic has nice model theory, Gödel proved that it is recursively axiomatizable and hence has a nice proof theory (unlike higher order logics), and compact (unlike infinitary logics). At the same time, first order Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory (made first order by Skolem, who modified Zermelo's comprehension axiom accordingly) proved to be more than sufficient not only for all of classical mathematics, but even for higher set theory and model theory. On the other hand, higher order set theories, like Russell's, proved to be unwieldy. In the end, Russell had to introduce the infamous "axiom of reducibility" which effectively reduces the logic of his set theory to first order. I used to think that Kuhn's "incommensurable paradigms" are an exaggeration, and perhaps they are, but there is a genuine problem there. Let us grant downward correspondence, that is that "less advanced" paradigms can be imported into "more advanced" ones using anachronistic translation, and cheerfully assume that today we know what's true. This still leaves the problem of Gettier knowledge. The justifications historical figures had for their beliefs invariably depended, at one place or another, on something that we now hold false. People often ask on the history site if people knew p before modern times, or who first discovered p. I usually give a colloquial answer, with reservations, and then try to explain how modern concepts emerged, and differ from the historical ones. Is there a more principled way? Kuhn's dissolution of the question as meaningless seems extreme, but the colloquial interpretation is hardly a satisfactory philosophical position. What is the probability that men vs. women will go to a party shrouded and ask random strangers questions about their sex after revealing that they have a brother? What fraction of people identify as some gender that is different than their biological sex? Ignoring the sociological facts as irrelevant by construction in a thought experiment, we can focus on the biology. Edit: had the outer implication backwards. 

Now, back to your question: knowing that you don't know something is, of course, not a reason to say that something is false, or true, or unknowable. But when you're trying to come up with a compact predictive framework to describe observations, the theory that lets you best deal with those things you can know, and lets you adequately work around that which you don't (or can't--even if you don't know whether it's "don't" or "can't"), is the superior theory. Once that theory is shown to agree with many observations over long periods of time and under a wide range of conditions, it is pragmatic to accept that theory as true in the scientific sense (i.e. in the sense that it is "true" that you cannot fly by flapping your arms).