We know that Christianity had spread to Ireland by the early fifth century. However, Ireland had never been a part of the Roman Empire, so there had been no prior tradition of the Roman church in Ireland. An entry in the Chronicle of Prosper of Aquitaine seems to suggest that Palladius had been sent to Ireland in 431 as the first missionary bishop sent by Rome. If so, his mission was hardly a resounding success. However, the later mission by Saint Patrick was certainly more successful, and we have records of a number of churches founded in towns (or, perhaps "civitates" might be a better term at this stage in their development) like Armagh. Most texts were written by men of the Church (which brings us back to those "traditional structures of authority and knowledge" I mentioned above). Given the depredations of Viking raiders against Christian Abbeys and Monasteries, it is probably not surprising that they were rarely reported in a positive light. In all probability, few had even heard of the Norse sagas, even fewer thought they were worth recording. Because their settlements were ultimately unsuccessful, the story was simply lost. If this site is that important, how could they run out of funds? As yet, the importance of the site has yet to be fully demonstrated. The initial research plan and budget covered the work done to date (and, presumably, the publication of the results). I'd guess future funding will depend on those published results. When he returned to the UK, Baden-Powell became involved with the Boy's Brigade, becoming a Vice President of the organisation in 1903. This was already a large youth organisation (in 1910, there were some 100,000 boys enrolled in about 2200 companies across the British Empire and the United States). In his book, Radical Enlightenment: Philosophy and the Making of Modernity 1650-1750, Jonathan I. Israel argues that the development of scholarly journals served to upset these structures and so accelerate the development and expansion of knowledge. Roger Bacon was a Franciscan friar and philosopher in thirteenth century England. He is probably best known as being the first person in Europe to record the formula of gunpowder. He emphasised the study of nature through empiricism and was one of the earliest European advocates of the "scientific method" inspired by Aristotle. As such, we can probably reasonably classify him as an early scientist. The question of the legitimacy of the daughters of Henry VIII was entirely to do with the Royal succession. Of course, there were some - particularly in continental Europe - who did not recognise the legitimacy of the marriage of Elizabeth's mother, Anne Boleyn, to Henry VIII. For these people, Elizabeth had never been a legitimate daughter of Henry in the first place.