To answer the new question, mods can modify quite a bit, including most visuals and many game mechanics. There are some things that mods cannot do, such as add skill trees (Though they may emulate them in a way). I failed to locate any details on exactly what files the Steam Workshop will accept (A detail one would image should be on their wiki), but at the very least they will be .esp files and .bsa archives, textures, models, sounds, Papyrus scripts and text files. 

Source: I've been gifted a Humble Bundle copy of Titan Quest that was bought in Germany, and had to spend a month arguing with Steam Support to get them to remove the game so I could redeem my international key for that game. 

Note that the Install dialogue will not offer the option to create a separate library on a drive that already has one, to do that you need to go to Steam -> Settings -> Downloads + Cloud -> Steam Library Folders and click on "Add library folder". 

The Steam Community Beta has added a context menu item to set nicknames for your friends in Steam's Friends interface, and the functionality has been made standard for the current Steam version. Click the down arrow next to your friend's name and hit "add nickname". 

If you deeply care about security, I would advise against immediately downloading new mods, and letting the other people test them first. The added benefit of that approach is that mature mods are less likely to break your save or have dirty edits and such. The key itself determines whether you get a censored version or not, though some games might provide additional complications - being unable to activate them or download an activated game while in Germany or other country with mad censorship laws - that sort of thing is normally noted on a game's Steam store page under the screenshot slider. I'm sure they're vulnerable in some way, as hardly any software is free of potential exploits, however, I havn't heard of any active exploits in Gamebryo games. As far as i know, mods have no way of interacting with anything outside of the game. Some tools, such as SKSE and ScriptDragon, make it possible for them to access configuration files in their directories, but that shouldn't be a big concern. Also, remember that the CK is not the only way to make .ESP files. Many programs have been vulnerable to maliciously-modified files. I would say the risk is fairly low, but it is not non-existent. 

As of the latest Steam version for Windows, it is possible to install games to arbitrary locations. To do so, click "Install" in your library or the store and choose "Create new Steam library" in the "Choose drive to install to" dropdown menu. This option will only be available for games using the new content system, you may need to use the tricks from the other answers if you want to move the ones that don't use it.