Now does all these variances of believes about a propositions validity now somehow have a influence on whether said issue is true or not. Why are you expecting the study of the natural world to tell you anything about that which may or may not transcend it? This is not a question that science even aims to answer. Maybe you should look at a more suitable area of study that may be better equipped to answer this question. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Non-overlapping_magisteria Now they both may be perfectly acceptable "evidence" in the broad sense of the word yet the type of evidence a chemist requires to accept a position and what the ethicist require may be of a different sort. My examples may be a bit simplistic but I think they illustrate my point. 

Would scientific proof be different then any other type of proof? What would constitute proof to you. 100 percent certainty or the best explanation for the evidence at hand? Even if you have proven the lack of evidence have you then proven God non existence? I do not think so. And for the inverse it is probably also true. Now this to me is a very interesting question. It was a question that plagued a certain person called Stephen Jay Gould and he got famous in academic circles for the answer he proposed to this very question. It makes sense to me seeing as we are trying to discern a transcendent cause for the universe. One that may very well not be bound by the limits of space and time. One that is eternal where the universe is not. It may just be really hard to try and convince other people of your belief if that is your reason, but still it has nothing to do with the truth of the claim. He posited that both science and religion have their own valid teaching domain or authority. As long as they are both within the bounds of their own "teaching domains" then their should be no conflict between the two. He coined the term Non-overlapping Magisteria or NOMA in reference to this. It is to me plain that different disciplines may have different methodologies and would in certain cases also operate under different epistemology conditions. The logical positivist does not entertain such ideas. To them the empirical method is the Alpha and the Omega of knowledge and anything that uses different means to uncover truth is meaningless. Everything that does not try and confirm its beliefs under their narrow ideas of what constitutes evidence is also discarded as a matter of principle. I think that a case can be made that every scientist is in somehow biased towards the views they hold. Otherwise they probably would not be holding them. a) False b) True c) Impossible to know either way 

Why would you think they did not doubt it Thomas certainly did doubt it. I do not think it was harder for any Apsotle to believe it than what it would be for any humans today. Aquinas was a famous Christian who posited explanations to what characteristics the cause of a finite universe may have been. Now some have argued that his argument is based on a finite universe where it is in actuality infinite. That was a very prominent view in te early 20th century. Some have argued You can off course not assume a cause of the universe when their may have actually been none. Also I'm left wondering as to why a person reasons for believing something has any influence on the truth of the claim. If I were to say to you that a voice in my head told me God exist would that have any influence on whether Jesus of Nazareth did in fact rise from the grave? Would this call into question the eyewitness testimony telling us so? Will this really have any influence on anything the Bible claims to be true? 

I think the question you are hinting at is does a person status as biased somehow influence the validity of his or her claims. That is a interesting question. 

Only if you assume naturalism. If the idea of super-naturalism is considered then the question has merit. The people who make these claims do so with a naturalistic presupposition that they are more then likely unaware of. If we see the world through our naturalistic lenses then maybe they do not seem reasonable but their people who hold to different positions. Ones who hold to a finite universe. People who are open to ideas of God and to them trying to discern the qualities of this first cause is important. 

Why would the mere fact that you cannot reproduce something lead you deny a thing existence? I cannot reproduce a Boeing 747. Does this now somehow call into question the existence of such a thing? Nope! If I can demonstrate your faulty logic let me just ask you what scientific evidence is there that Germany invaded Poland in 1939? None? So that means Germany did not invade Poland in 1939? You can read more about it here. 

Before the discovery of the background radiation the universe was thought to be eternal (Or static). Why was it not unreasonable to think the universe eternal then yet now when religion posit a eternal cause for a non eternal universe I have to read "witty" quotes on why asking question about eternal causes is illogical. Also I find it curious why you would ask a question on whether science can prove God's existence in the philosophy section of a website and then even go on to label it as "Philosophy of religion"