"I see you've really been practicing at kicking the soccer ball. It seems like you are really trying hard to get that skill down." 

Please don't get me wrong - kids need to be told no, AND yours needs to stay out of the toilet, but one of the problems parents run into is when we say no too much it loses its meaning. Think about it, when you hear a word too much, it stops meaning very much. What curse word do you hear most often? Does it sound as jarring to you as a curse word you rarely hear? I say "come on" to Alice all the time and it does absolutely nothing to speed her along, but if I say, "we've got to go quickly" she totally kicks it into gear (I need to be in less of a hurry with her is what it really comes down to for me). With things like playing in the toilet, your child might just be bored and need some redirection (offer up something more satisfying to you that will be fun to him to replace the toilet), whereas with running into the street you need an immediate response if you say "no" or "stop". 

Approach Number One: Embrace your Snuggler My daughter was very much like this when she was a baby. Desperate for a break once in awhile I tried "crying it out" but since she also had reflux, she just got herself worked up so much she threw up all over her crib. It took less than a week for me to look at my husband and go, "this just isn't helping." I got a baby sling and learned how to wash dishes, fold laundry and all of it with a baby attached (I'd been avoiding bumping my big ol' belly for a few months already so in reality it didn't change much anyway). We let her fall asleep with us, and after checking she was truly all the way asleep (mouth slightly open, no fluttering eyelids, deep breaths and fully limp) we'd put her down in her crib and have a little time before she needed us (me) again. For night-time feedings, I'd feed her, stick her back in the co-sleeper and go back to sleep. I think I actually got MORE sleep this way while she still needed those night-time feedings. First off, some babies don't need to poop everyday, so you don't have to worry on that level, but if she seems uncomfortable you can try a baby yoga move I learned that worked wonders on our little one (six years ago now). Lay her on her back and speak softly and cooingly to her. Gently bend her knees so they are together. Move her knees - holding her lower legs - in a clockwise circle. Make it so her knees gently press into her lower abdomen while you do this. I learned this maneuver from a book called Itsy Bitsy Yoga. It used to help our Alice get all kinds of gas out of the way and she would immediately feel better and then poop not long after. My sister had the same problem and wondered if it was a problem with his milk because they supplement with formula and she had trouble with milk when she was a baby. The pediatrician swore up and down that wasn't likely. While talking with Mom and Dad she learned the same pattern existed for herself as a baby and the minute they switched her to acidophilus based milk formula she slept peacefully (and so did they). My sister switched her son and the problem was remedied within 48 hours!!