https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Cannae You are correct that being surrounded isn't necessarily a bad thing, and this question isn't a straightforward one to answer. As Pieter Geerkens noted in a comment, if you do it right then the defender enjoys the advantage of interior lines, and smart commanders throughout history have let themselves be surrounded on purpose to that effect. The Marian reforms of the late Roman Republic changed Rome's military into a standing, professional volunteer force and greatly enhanced its effectiveness, thereby ensuring Rome's dominance for centuries to come. However it also came with significant social consequences, being a major cause of the Republic's transition into the Empire. This is due to the inclusion of landless masses into the military; previously only those who owned at least so much land could be conscripted, and by the late Republic the military suffered from severe manpower shortages. But in Cannae, the Romans were packed too tightly together, and the Carthaginians attacked with ranged weapons: My question is, what were the causes of those manpower shortages? Why were the eligibility requirements adequate for the early Republic and not during Marius's time? Marius's immediate motivation may have been that he was tasked to fight a war without men, but the problem was chronic - apparently the property limits were reduced from 11,000 to 3000 sesterces by Marius's time. Another candidate is Roman Theatre at Apamea which Wikipedia describes as As shown in the picture in your question, Although Nero could never be considered to be anything but a tyrant (though his early years showed some promise), his brutality was hardly unusual in the context of the deadly politics of Imperial Rome. This brutality was most evident after the AD 65 plot to kill him was exposed. Source: S. & T. Pendergast and S. Hermsen, Fashion, Costume and Culture, vol. 1: The Ancient World Why not allow actors and other low status people in together with the slaves at least? It would hardly be surprising if Nero, as Emperor, had resented this. Although he at first accepted (or at least tolerated) her dominance, he eventually worked to undermine her power, at which point she turned to Nero's half-brother Britannicus: The Wikipedia article on the History of Glass cites several examples of glass objects pre-dating Roman times by at least a thousand years. On the other hand, I haven’t been able to find images of glass vision aids pre-dating the invention of eyeglasses (but there are plenty of images of bottles, beads e.t.c.). As for possible reasons, I can think of the following: After trawling through hundreds of coin images, I am reasonably sure that the emperor depicted in the coin in the question is Antoninus Pius (138 - 161 AD). Nero, in common with many other rulers, killed people he thought were a threat to him (his mother, his half-brother, those involved in the Pisonian conspiracy). His reason for persecuting the Christians is disputed - they just have been an easy target after the Great Fire of Rome. Granted, this last might not be the most authoritative of sources, but I was unable to find any sources that say slaves could not use the public baths. But in Cannae, the Romans were packed too tightly together, and the Carthaginians attacked with ranged weapons: My question is, what were the causes of those manpower shortages? Why were the eligibility requirements adequate for the early Republic and not during Marius's time? Marius's immediate motivation may have been that he was tasked to fight a war without men, but the problem was chronic - apparently the property limits were reduced from 11,000 to 3000 sesterces by Marius's time. The Marian reforms of the late Roman Republic changed Rome's military into a standing, professional volunteer force and greatly enhanced its effectiveness, thereby ensuring Rome's dominance for centuries to come. However it also came with significant social consequences, being a major cause of the Republic's transition into the Empire. This is due to the inclusion of landless masses into the military; previously only those who owned at least so much land could be conscripted, and by the late Republic the military suffered from severe manpower shortages. To arbitrarily pick an example, this is what the Chinese did during the Battle of Xuzhou (note: Chinese Wikipedia; English does not have this info), where forward elements were pulled back, putting the HQ within the Japanese shelling range, but also allowing the Chinese to move reinforcements between the north and south fronts, and execute feints and flanks against the more mobile Japanese. Just as the Romans were on the brink of crushing the enemy center, the Carthaginian flanks were brought to bear and the pressure pinned in the Roman advance. Hasdrubals' cavalry completed the circle by forcing the rear of the Roman line to turn back and form a square. All around, the massive bulk of the Roman army was forced into confined space. Hannibal brought his archers and slingers to bear and the result in the confines was devastating. Unable to continue the original break through against the Celts in the center of Hannibal's lines, the Romans were easy prey for the Carthaginians. Hannibal, with complete fury, encouraged his own men, under fear of the lash, if they weren't zealous enough in the slaughter.