It worked pretty well - I've only ever had one toddler tell me I was mean more than once - come to think of it, I never had to have that particular conversation with an adolescent (in more grown-up terms) more than once (surprising though that is - even to me). Then, just as a woman not quite old enough for menopause, but past the age of having children might have symptoms of being "peri-menopausal" girls who aren't actually having their period yet, can still have hormonal fluctuations that make them moody, super-sensitive etc. etc. (This happens with boys too btw). At this age, many kids start developing that sense of being mis-uderstood. This happens with friends and parents and stems from the fact that most of us are not really very good listeners. This is another part of the emotional state (of anyone at any age really) that can create even further misunderstanding and fights. My attitude with Alice (and with my former students) was - "The wrong others do doesn't make your wrongs less wrong." Alice knows she expected to stand out in the crowd as the leader who makes the right choice and sets the example for good behavior. I simply won't tolerate less. She also knows that she can come to me and ask for help, advice, feedback etc. without me being angry with her or judgemental about her not knowing what to do. They were always surprised to hear me say, "Profanity actually has its place or it wouldn't exist." the less surprising part was what I said next, "However, profanity when used frequently or in the wrong context actually makes a person look less intelligent." The kids knew I saw my job as one to help them prepare for a career. Adolescence can begin as early as fourth grade, but even if that isn't the exact cause here, drifting apart from friends as well as having drag out fights with friends are both likely things in your daughter's future. Rather than moving and trying to help her avoid the situation (or fix it), I'd suggest helping her learn some coping skills as well as conflict resolution skills (paraphrasing, summarizing, use of "I statements", being able to ask clarifying questions . . .) I also hope you have some help so you can still get some time off for yourself and aren't forgetting to take care of yourself too. We are never at our best as parents if we can't care for our own needs too. Especially in your stressful situation, I'd imagine you need this time and space more than most. Is there a family member nearby or a local church group that can help in providing both of you some time to yourselves - even together to yourselves once in awhile?