Viktor's Gravity Field spell causes all units in its AOE to receive a stacking slow debuff and will stun any hero that receives 3 stacks of this debuff. If you can't bring him down just farm it out, as long as you can get him to the point where he has trouble striking the minions, you've got him cold, as he can no longer sustain. 

edit: They can also be used to target the champion period, so you can see their stats and item build. Another good place to look was already mentioned by @nimcap, the Mobafire website. See his answer for the link. 

What does this mean for you? It tells us that Jayce can, at the maximum of once every six seconds (the cooldown on his ultimate: Transform), gain a short but signifigant boost of speed, which makes him a decent sprinter. While this would include flat regeneration and Force of Natures H\ps, keep in mind that some sources of healing (regeneration in particular) are so small that they only matter over time anyway, and as such, the boost they would get from Spirit Visage is so small it would be nigh unnoticeable. 

http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/Untargetable Aatrox is extremely reliant on basic attacks. Getting a Ninja Tabi and a Wardens Mail will shut him down HARD. Wardens Mail eventually can become a Frozen Heart or Randuins Omen, both of which are excellent defense items against Aatrox. P.S. - I dont mean in real life, because I know your champion will respawn after a set time, I meant in the game's lore. Does Katarina actually die? Or somehow get whisked from death to respawn in the game's lore as well? 

What does this mean for you? He has a basic damage dealing Q-key skill on a relatively short cooldown. Keep in mind he can hit you with this and then transform and hit you again with it immediately. I'll close with a generic peice of advice. League of Legends (and respectivly DOTA or any other M.O.B.A.) tends to be EXTREMELY difficult for new players. It's obviously not the same for everyone, but for most the learning curve is very steep. This is further aggravated by the fact that the player base (the people you end up gaming with in your average random game) tend to be very unfriendly to new players, because they do not want to loose and see you as a hinderment for their team. What happens to say, Katarina for example, if Karthus (also for example) slays her in a League Match? 

Yes Elise continues to take damage from debuffs applied to her during Rappel. She however does not take damage from Area Targeted effects during this time. It can therefore be used to 'dodge' many things, just not everything. 

I'm going to use Orianna as an example, because that is who you mentioned, but much as Fizz is in a subset of champions, Orianna is as well. If Master Yi is within the Gravity Field long enough that he would have been stunned if his ultimate wasn't preventing him from being slowed, will he still be stunned? 

Whats with this thing? Has anyone else seen it? If his jump is becoming a problem consider a Phage to perhaps enhance your movespeed enough to catch up to him, or perhaps a Bilgewater Cutlass\Blade of the Ruined King. Both item's have an active that slows him down and the BoRK actually speeds you up as well. 

Sometimes when I'm playing, my mouse sensitivity will spontaneously change for no reason. Any thoughts on what can cause this? As @nimcap mentioned a great way to practice is against easy difficulty bots in custom games that you can make from the in-game menu. There are also tips and hints EVERYWHERE that help new players become introduced to the game. One example is if you look on your CHAMPIONS page in your in-game menu you will see some Champions are listed as recommended. These Champions have been specially designed to be easy to learn and use, just for newcomers like yourself! 

This subset has strong ZONING abilities. Orianna can zone with her ball extrememly well. You should be placing the ball in strategic locations, forcing Zilean to go near it in order to bomb you, when he does, you can then Command:Dissonance (W) him for major damage AND a slow. The slow should allow you to get off at least an auto-attack if not two or three in addition to the (W), and if you have the mana, no reason not to follow up with a Q as well. Assuming you itemize correctly, you should have PLENTY of mana to do this. Orianna is much more mana efficient than Zilean, especially if he is constantly rewinding to double bomb you. If your properly trading with Zilean you'll find you do more damage than he does. The wiki states, and I paraphrase; It is first important to say that this skill costs no mana. So basically, on top of having the ability to transform between modes, doing so gives him single-use-per-change basic attack bonuses. This means that he will want to transform as often as possible to take advantage of these bonuses, regardless of which mode he may seem to prefer. ++++ Now because of his unique play mechanics, Jayce has the ability to employ an entirety of (or partial if he wishes) 3 nuk'ish skills, a burst attack speed buff, a move speed buff\nuke boost, a passive aoe dot ability, and either a armor and magic resist debuff or additional small nuke, for mixed magic and physical damage, in any order he pleases, in a decently fast amount of time. Given Jayce's skillset, to counter him you should pick heroes that can endure a great deal of punishment by means of outlasting their opponent's harass. Top-lane heroes that can do this include, but are not limited to: