Be clear why you are writing this. Is it to entertain? Is it a story that has grown in your head? ("Everyone has a story") Is it blossoming out of fan fiction that you wrote and enjoyed? What do you want people to walk away, with? A message, a great experience, new thoughts? For me, I want the audience to enjoy themselves, but also have new thoughts, new ways of thinking about our world, so that is guiding my writing. My goal is to effectively communicate the message/theme of the story, and so I write with one eye on that at all times. (I try to balance it with good storytelling.) 

^^^ That's my answer. I have a few more thoughts below. 

Through narration, rather than dialogue. The classic example is (I believe) attributed to Chekov: 

You now have two lists. The first is of the commonalities you have found from your research. The second is of the distinctive features of religions. 

(2) Some people outline the entire story. This is a different approach. They don't write anything, or have fun necessarily in the same way, until the outline is in place. 

Question: Is writing garbage (and then righting the garbage) a valid approach to creating? 

(1) I am in a writing group where people have 'a great idea' and jump in and start writing and ... '2/3 of the way through they lose interest.' The first chapter is great because they worked on it and it was fun,. same with second, third, etc chapters. So they have a nice start to a story and then it sits unfinished for a long time somewhere. 

Note: This does not mean I believe telling is an inherent no-no. See the first comment to what's answer. 

I've been writing fan fiction for 7+ years now. Recently, I went back and compared the ratings my fan fiction has received from my readers, compared to what they contained. I discovered that those fan fictions with a distinct feel had generally better ratings, and were in fact some of the highest rated things I've written. These include: 

Martial Arts The same trick applies to martial arts. Focus on the character rather than the action. There is an added level of difficulty in describing martial arts though. That's because a lot of the moves are genuinely hard to describe to someone who has never seen them. 

Let's try describing Raaisel's reaction. 

EDIT: I've had plots where I couldn't keep track of what was happening on which day. I found that actually putting a label (day 1, morning; day 3, night) for myself on each scene really helped while forming the plot, and later helped me know 'when I was' while writing. 

People don't behave rationally all the time, and neither do characters in fiction. Your characters don't need to make the right choices all the time, they just need to make believable choices that we understand. 

It's absolutely okay to leave these out. You'll be making the text more concise and the reader will have less work to do. The only time you want to use tags like "I wondered", "I thought", "I worried", and so on, is when they actually add information, or clarify the situation. For example: 

You ask for specific methods: Since becoming aware of your influences and stylistic leanings will only help matters, getting some critiques of your work with that in mind may help. However, volume is your friend: Get those pages written. Don't stop if they suck, just keep going. You won't learn from the experience if you don't. Some specific working regimens, if you don't have them, may also be of help here. 

If everything you write is sounding like overused tropes and clichés, it may be that you're simply showing your influences. And when you see your writing, all you're seeing are those influences. Hence, it feels less substantial to you.