Added: What are possible objections? 

To think means in according to a classical definition 

We do not know anything about the thing-in-itself, because we have no direct contact. As a first approximation, thing-in-itself is a synonym to noumenon. And phenomenon is a synonym to experience. 

Both laws are equivalent in propositional logic, which can be proved by inspecting their truth-tables. 

Thirdly, it depends on the human visual system how we experience as colour the mixed wavelenghts of the incoming light. 

Philosophy of languages discusses the two concepts of extension and intension. Since the 1960ies Putnam published a series of papers on topics like the meaning of meaning. He argues against the view that meaning exists in the brain only: “ ’meanings’ just aint’t in the head!” By the famous thought experiment of water on the twin earth he clarified his point of view, that the meaning of a term has to take into account more than just brain states. 

The list of emotions comprises fear, anxiety, pleasure, joy, contempt, disgust, curiosity, hope, disappointment, expectation, exaltation, depressiveness. 

And of the two views on the relation between the transcendental and empirical world; the first being that is there is no relation: the world of empirical facts, of science is entirely distinct from that of human actors, of beings with conscious intent; the second that these two worlds are simply two aspects of the same world; which one predominates in the secondary literature - presumably it being difficult to say which one Kant advocates himself? 

Presumably this is how Kant is seen as a founder of German Idealism. 

Pin your faith to supernatural knowledge and stumble through a darkness deeper still. 

Since Robinson didn't know the physical sciences - its worth pointing out that the Newtonian conception of space as homogenous, absolute and everywhere the same, sounds quite close to the adoption of a Parmenidian monism in this physical context; and the historical development of atoms (adopted by Newton for his corpuscular theory of light) by Democritus was forced by the challenge that Parmendian monism had on the conventional understanding of change in the world. 

An ontologically random event is one which knowledge of circumstances is not a barrier; it is random by fiat. In principle completely precise knowledge of circumstances will not enable prediction in a precise sense (a statistical prediction is still possible). 

Hume posited a well known critique of causality that goes back to al-Ghazali - that there is no neccesary connection between a cause and an effect. 

You say: "PP is true to A' @ QE and the same PP need not be true to a' @ EQ". Here I prefer to refer to a subjective property of a proposition. This property is named certainty. Person A' is certain about the proposition PP, but person a' is not certain. Certainty is a two-place relation between a proposition and a person. 

Philosophy of languages discusses the two concepts of extension and intension. Since the 1960ies Putnam published a series of papers on topics like the meaning of meaning. He argues against the view that meaning exists in the brain only: “ ’meanings’ just aint’t in the head!” By the famous thought experiment of water on the twin earth he clarified his point of view, that the meaning of a term has to take into account more than just brain states. 

The results of natural sciences are intersubjectively testable. In general, the experts find consensus whether a scientific claim should be accepted as valid or should be refused. In the domain of experimental physics, measurements of one group must - and can - be confirmed by measurements of other groups. 

Of course one may take a closer look at radium nuclei to determine a possible reason why they decay; for example a hidden-variables model of QM may provide an explanation. 

I've tried - he's difficult; and I find his mathematical orientation obfuscatiry; still his prefaces read well; and someone said, I can't now recall who; that most of philosophy is reading prefaces... 

It appears that existence as it is for Aristotle a Kantian category. 

It was Kant that isolated the question of whether synthetic a priori knowledge is possible, and he suggested that this question hadn't been asked before; he suggested that this was possible, and placed under this rubric mathematics and our understanding of space & time. 

The higher cardinalities don't generally make an appearance in probability theory or in physics. 

Presumably this is how Kant is seen as a founder of German Idealism. 

Given that Kant was answering Hume skeptism which was profoundly influenced by Sextus Empirucus texts on Pyrrhonism; and that there is evidence that Pyrrho visited India and debated with gymnosophists which, are most likely to have been Jain philosophers perhaps some of their terminology may be useful here: 

Westerhoff, writes in his transaltion of the Nagarjunas Madhyamakarika (Verses on the Middle Way) that: