As for tradition and the Bible: certainly Paul does refer to "women" in the passage you cite, but of course he offers no definition for "women". Current canon law sets 18 as the age of majority in the Church (canon 97 sec. 1), 16 as the minimum age at which a person can be affected by penalties in Church law (canon 1323 note 1), 14 as the minimum age at which a woman can marry (canon 1083 section 1—note, dioceses may set a higher minimum), and 7 as the age at which they are responsible for their own acts (canon 97 sec. 2). Any of these might be reasonably considered appropriate to decide whether a young lady is "old enough"; but again there is no official standard. 

He is not only mediator, but mediator in the sense that the Jewish high priests were mediators between God and the nation of Israel: 

One thing than is probably acceptable (at least in a traditional sense for those who are not fully accepted into the Catholic Church) would be to leave after the homily (or the eulogy). That way all you're hearing is the stuff you've probably heard before and all the stuff you're missing is the stuff you might feel uncomfortable either in participating in or visibly avoiding. So then you can mill around for half an hour or so and join the entourage to the cemetery when you see the casket being carried out of the church. 

See: Catholic Church and Conversion and Why I am A Catholic and The God With the Golden Key 

And in time of need, it is valid for anyone to baptize anyone else. For instance, if you were in a really bad accident and I came upon you and said, "boy, you look pretty rough are you ready to meet the Lord" and you said, "Lord who?" and I, while dressing the wounds of your mangled body, managed to convince you of the truths of the Catholic Church and you decided that you wanted to die a Christian, I could baptize you and even if you managed to live, you wouldn't need to be re-baptized. 

The Hail Mary is simply a prayer. It happens to be recited 53 times during the course of praying the rosary. It is said in place of the psalms for the illiterate. Since there are 150 or so psalms and traditionally the Rosary is split up into 15 decades to mediate on different events in the lives or Jesus and Mary, each decade consists of 10 Hail Mary prayers. 

That's entirely cultural and subjective. The only thing a non-catholic shouldn't do at Mass is receive the Eucharist. Beyond that, do what is comfortable. Chances are very good that over half of the people with you are cultural Catholics and wouldn't give a hoot if you sat through the whole Mass. 

(Catechism, paragraph 2008, 2009, 2010; emphasis in bold added) 

As hinted above, the Church recognizes that there may be times when a couple wishes to ensure that sex will not result in having a child. In such cases, there are morally acceptable approaches (including what are often called fertility awareness methods) which allow one, without interfering with the body's normal functioning, to discover the times when the woman is most and least likely to conceive, and to refrain from sexual activity during the "most likely" times. 

Aquinas also quotes John 19:11: 

Pope St. John Paul II described the work of those staffing the Archivio Segreto as being fundamentally a public work, part of the overall work of the Vatican Library: 

No, there is no reliable historical evidence to support such a claim. 

Thus many Protestants, following the example of Scripture, feel that it is far more appropriate to invoke the assistance of God by calling upon the name of Jesus.