Matthew 10:3 Philip and Bartholomew; Thomas and Matthew the tax collector; James son of Alphaeus, and Thaddaeus; 

Indeed, the righteous will be in a secure place; ... They will not taste death therein except the first death, and He will have protected them from the punishment of Hellfire. 

The Quran also says that the stars help us in navigation: 

For example the Prophet Muhammad (p.b.u.h) was called Muhammad ibn Abdullah (Muhammad son of Abdullah) and Abul Qasim (father of Qasim). Umar was called Umar Ibn Khatab (Umar son of Khatab). Ali was called Ali ibn Abi Talib (Ali son of the father of Talib). 

Indeed, those who believe and do righteous deeds - for them is a reward uninterrupted. 

Trinity, Jesus's divinity and the concept of begotten son etc. are all explicitly rebuked by the Quran as shirk and kufr. 

A selected narration of the event present in Tafsir Qurtubi on 7:163: 

Razi then presents the two logical arguments used by Mujahid and gives their counter-arguments and then the counter-counter arguments. 

Tafsir Ibn Kathir states that: 

And we used to sit therein in positions for hearing, but whoever listens now will find a burning flame lying in wait for him. 

So it could be that the people referred to her as a sister of Aaron because of her link to the Priestly order, and her dedication and worship in the Temple, a similar disposition to Aaron. 

Again, Angel Gabriel is the Holy Spirit in Islam: 

[They will be] abiding therein as long as the heavens and the earth endure, except what your Lord should will. Indeed, your Lord is an effecter of what He intends. 

Large parts of the Quran are narratives. Like any good narrative and poem (Quran is a Rhyme in original Arabic), language is used to create atmosphere, words are used creatively to have desired effects, vocabulary is used to evoke and maintain a certain tone and rhythm. Common expressions, phrases and idioms are used and convoluted sentences are avoided. It would sound totally absurd if every sentence was literally scientifically accurate. 

There is no general call to exterminate non-Muslims. It only applies to arab polytheists and apostates, who when overpowered are told to accept Islam or to be executed. 

I am not sure if its upto scholarly opinion. 

— Ibn Kathir, Qurtubi, Tabari, Baghawi 

From Expositor's Greek Testament: 

1) Does the Quran say that Christians believe in the divinity of Mary mother of Jesus. 

2) Does the Quran misinterpret the canon Christian belief of Trinity? Specifically does it mix the Holy Spirit with Mary, mother of Jesus? 

Regarding the word "Be", its as explained: 

The scanty notices in the Gospels are (1) that she was a “cousin,” or more generally a “kinswoman,” of Elizabeth, and may, therefore, have been, by her parentage, wholly or in part of the daughters of Aaron. 

Its in the Quran that through Jesus, Allah abrogated some of the prohibitions of the Torah: 

It means that he is the first to believe in and act on the revelation sent to him: 

At 18:86 the Quran is telling us a story of a man named "Dhul-Qarnayn" ( a conqueror, similar to and sometimes disputably linked with Alexander the Great), who once traveled west until sunset, until he saw the sun setting in a body of water: 

Ibn Kathir, discusses this in some length while commenting on 5:73. Unfortunately the abridged version available in English is incomplete. You can see the full arabic version here, see last paragraph of page 1 and first para of page 2. I'll try to give a rough translation. Ibn Kathir mentions two opinions, he mentions 

And when they are condemned to Hell, they may be removed from it eventually: 

They opened the gate and went to them ... the monkeys came to their (untransformed) family members and sniffed their clothes and started weeping. 

The fact that all these features are found both in the codex of Ibn Masud, as described by al-Amash, and in C-1 establishes that the literary sources preserve information about codices that actually existed. 

Similarly, in the other paper it is noted that: 

From Elliot's commentary to the Bible for English readers: 

But the ones who believe and do righteous deeds - We will admit them to gardens beneath which rivers flow, wherein they will abide forever. [It is] the promise of Allah, [which is] truth, and who is more truthful than Allah in statement. 

Muhammad (ﷺ) was the first of our ummah and the first to submit to Allah's commands for this ummah, and as we say those who followed him were Khadijah, Ali, Abu Bakr, Zayed and so on. 

They were written circa 1200-1300 C.E so the question shouldn't arise of them twisting interpretations in light of modern scientific knowledge. They were also knowledgeable in Arabic, the style of the Quran, the rules of Tafsir and knowledge of Hadith and tradition, so their view should be more authoritative than us arguing linguistics. 

Surahs can have multiple names. What names is used by a certain person or in a certain publication would depend on convention: the name that they perceive is more familiar to their audience.