Well managed scrip might have provided an alternative to barter the trick was finding someone with the discipline to manage the scrip. Nobody understood monetary theory or inflation, so nobody had the intellectual tools needed to effectively manage scrip. The new states (particularly Rhode Island) had very bad experiences with scrip. Speculators bought up scrip during an inflationary period and a small minority found themselves in effective possession of the entire state of Rhode Island. It is difficult for modern minds to appreciate just how deeply the new Americans distrusted scrip. Pauline Maier's "Ratification: the People debate the constitution" is probably the best source I've read on this, although anything about Jefferson will reveal the level of irrational fear. (OK, perhaps Jefferson's as America's leading deficit spender was justified in fearing commercial interests, but that is a separate topic). Update: @Samuel Russell points out that I neglected to address the nearly pathological fear of scrip in the new colonies. I thought I had mentioned that, but I see that I did not. Then I tried to find good sources to explore the topic, and I can't (yet) find any that are succinct. As noted by others, he appealed to one of the core Republican demographics (fundamentalists). @korvinStarmast adds an excellent point, which I'll include here to avoid deletion: Heavily revised based on comments Aside: How creditworthy is a republic? The US government, like all governments, assumed that the future would be dominated by planned, centralized economies. They assumed that central government control of demand was the only resolution to any macroeconomic problem. And their assumption seemed to be true. The New Deal was a demand stimulus, and the ultimate resolution to the economic economic crisis was driven by centrally planned demand (a war). But I align with those modern economists who believe that the crisis would have been shorter and less severe if the government had employed monetary policy, eased liquidity, and stimulated growth, rather than avoiding monetary policy, restricting liquidity, and intimidating growth. Prosperity Nobody is happy with the established definitions of prosperity; they are only distinguished by the fact that they are the least bad of the known alternatives. (I’m going to ignore the Nepalese efforts to measure “Gross National Happiness”, and Marxist exchange entitlements and a hundred other metrics). We could measure prosperity by long term positive trend in GDP or in long term positive trend in per-capita GDP. I don’t have the numbers in front of me, but I strongly suspect that this choice will define the answer. If we measure by per-capita GDP then I strongly suspect that we’re measuring a participatory measure of economic power against a participatory measure of political power. I am willing to bet my lunch that there is a positive correlation between those two factors. If on the other hand we measure against total GDP, then we have a fascinating question. In fact, I think that is the question that OP is really seeking.