However, it appears that the Shimano DXR brakes and levers are linear pull, contrary to standard BMX tech, so it's likely fine to use this particular lever with v-brakes on a mountain bike. Less skid spots is going to mean uneven wear. Every time you try to stop, you'll be skidding on the more worn out parts. You're better off having even wear and replacing your tire as needed, less skid spots pretty much guarantees you'll need to replace your tires more often, with more chance of blowouts. The rotor bolts are all tight, there is no pad rub when coasting, and the bolts connecting the brake to the fork are tight. Jobst Brandt via Sheldon Brown: http://sheldonbrown.com/brandt/machined-rims.html Most carbon rim manufacturers like zipp and enve recommend a brake pad of their own. However, there are typically several pads that will work. Most of these pads are designed specifically to work well on carbon rims. Regular brake pads from alloy rims should not be used on carbon. Most BMX Levers are "Standard Pull", which means they have the shorter pull and are typically paired with road bike brakes (caliper, cantilever, mini-v, or road disc). Good tread is most important on your front tire, especially for winter riding, so make sure that one is not super worn. Not typically. They have different pull ratios. However, you can get a device called a travel agent to make this work. Rivendell (probably via Grant Peterson) http://www.rivbike.com/kb_results.asp?ID=52 If you have a low number of skid spots, you can try and loosen your chain and rotate your wheel slightly to change where the skid spots hit as kibbee said. It can be hard to remember to do that though. Though, It will make the wear more even, causing the same issue you're already concerned about. Find a pair of Tektro RL740 cross levers which can pull v-brakes and use those instead of your mtb brakes. I'm not sure these are still available from tektro, but i saw a pair on ebay for about $25 USD. Some companies such as Paul's make a cyclocross specific v brake such as the Mini Moto which have the same pull ratio as road brake levers. Is not having a machined brake surface a problem? Does it matter whether the rim is painted or anodized? If you're not using brifters and have separate brake levers and shifters, you can buy linear pull drop bar levers like Tektro RL 520 that will work with your v-brakes without buying separate travel agents. Get Cane Creek Drop V levers for the drops. So, I would check with the manufacturer of your rims to see what pads they recommend and stick with those, otherwise you could be voiding your warranty on an expensive set of rims. If your tire is bald on the center and tread on the sides, you may want to lower the pressure somewhat in your tires to widen the contact patch and allow more of the tread to contact the ground, providing a bit more stopping power and making for more even wear.