Reported with amendment (H. Rept. 113-87), H2802 [20MY] 

As-Of August 2015 Of course, the fact that the endorsements range from Charlie Sheen to Chuck Yeager, and from Dennis Rodman to Michael Savage, makes it a very difficult case to make for either of the two desired conclusions ("Trump is a clown" vs "Trump is for real"). 

Bergdahl wrote e-mails to his parents in which he reported having become disillusioned with the war effort and bothered by the treatment of Afghans by American soldiers. He said in his e-mail he was ashamed to be American 

Trump's attacks on mayor of London. 

There's no exact statistics on Narau refugee origins but my impression is that many would fit the ban, but not all - for example, the original crisis that led to narau detentions (MV Tampa) was about refugees from Afghanistan that isn't on the list. Wiki has very vague: 

He got as far as he did with the electorate, in part, on a platform of winning and being a fighter. 

He may very well see the demand to accept election results as yet another unreasonable "do this" from people he has no inclination to hear demands from (establishment, media, political opponents, you name it) 

More on-topic, Wiki page lists 39 current US senators and 10 ex-senators; 183 current House members and 23 former. 

It's not (I'm Jewish and neither myself nor family members who actually lived through Holocaust find it in any way objectionable), except to people who view it through a partisan confirmation bias. 

The basic idea behind their insights is that human decision making is influenced not by rational thinking about facts, but by biases and emotions. 

What's funny is now, with the climate change "debate," you see not only the same techniques and the identical arguments about the science on this subject, but you see many of the same so-called "scientists" that were used to make the same claims during the "debate" about health science and smoking. 

At the time, out of concern over the targeted nature, and particularly the probing of systems, the Obama administration wanted to make an announcement/warning to the general public. However, Obama was worried about the appearance of partisan meddling by himself, so he called together the leaders of the House and Senate, both sides, had the intelligence people brief them, and wanted to make a joint/united bi-partisan announcement about what was going on. Mitch McConnell, specifically, balked and stated he'd raise a partisan stink if anyone made any announcements, so nothing was said by the administration. 

Washington Post: Flynn probably broke the law by failing to disclose foreign payments 

Prohibition on communication about the assets. The claim that family members are not going to discuss, basically, the disposition of family assets is simply not plausible. With a truly independent trust manager, there aren't inherent conflicts of interest or pressure to violate this requirement that comes with being a child of the owner of the assets. The independent trust manager (again, independent) must not have a personal financial stake in the assets. Children clearly do, both short term, possibly, and as eventual heirs to an estate. NOTE: My answer deals specifically with whether immediate family members could be in charge of what was considered a "blind trust," not whether regulations require it be done for President. 

Flynn was the biggest problem. He was receiving money from different foreign entities, and he lied about doing so. He then lied during the vetting process to be Trump's appointee, and, seemingly, lied to VP Pence when stories started circulating about it. Trump was warned by acting AG Sally Yates that Flynn, especially, was compromised, but Trump pushed ahead and waved it off. They did nothing until information was leaked about it, publicity was growing and the facts couldn't be denied. Then they dumped Flynn, claiming they lost trust in him, but the only thing that had really changed was that the press was reporting on it. The Trump administration's main concern was the fact that the information was getting to the press, not the conflicts within their team or gaps in their internal vetting process. 

Also, how many presidential memoranda did former President Obama signed? (He signed 277 executive orders, according to CNN.) 

A country can only exit the agreement until 4 years after the agreement goes into effect. Since the agreement entered into force in November 2016, the US can only exit earliest in Nov 2020. 

Why is Trump spending less than Hillary Clinton? There are a few reasons to this: 

Doesn't big business often give more to Republicans than Democrats, It isn't necessarily true. Wall Street favours Democrats to Republicans. Also, Trump rhetoric has turned off some past donors to the Republicans. Republicans themselves are not particularly happy with their nominee. With all these reasons, Republicans are lagging behind Democrats in fundraising. 

This question is primarily opinion-based to some extent so I've tried to quote as many sources as possible. Any feedback is welcomed in comments. 

Yes, it's the first trip made by a US President from Saudi Arabia to Israel directly. George W. Bush made a similar trip in May 2008 as Donald Trump's but in the other way around. 

Article I, Section 7 of the US Constitution states that all legislative powers are vested in Congress. 

The few instances you listed doesn't really interfere with the election since they're just stating their opinions.