Tappet Tappet is the orange Steam mascot with adjustable antenna horns. To do this, first make sure you're in Albums view: These promotion do not apply to any games other than those specifically listed. Download half the update this month and half next month so you don't go over your data cap. Steam has a larger catalog and it's been around for longer, which means it may be worth investing your online presence in Steam rather than Origin. However, if you're happy with the catalog that Origin offers and you want some of the games that are on Origin but not Steam, Origin may be the way to go. Warning: There's a small chance this may crash your browser after a while, so make sure you don't have any important unsaved work on a page before doing this. Decreasing the interval may make a crash more likely. Then right click on the first album and select Add to Playlist > New Playlist: It really depends on how much you care about the external features provided by both services. It's likely better to primarily use one service, so if they are both equal for a specific game, buy it from the service that you have a larger presence in. If you're not using a laptop, but you have one, try downloading it somewhere with an internet connection such as a school, library, or coffee shop. Does Origin or Steam offer a better community? Does Steam or Origin have better support for achievements for this game? Does one support cloud saving while the other does not? Am I more invested in Steam or Origin? Use Family Sharing to give a friend access to play your copy of the game. In exchange, ask that they let you borrow a flash drive or set of DVDs with the backed up copy. Since it's not possible to originally obtain the data without using internet, here are several possible work-arounds depending on your circumstances. Many retail games don't include all the necessary game data on the disk. In the case of Borderlands 2, it seems that it did not include the full game on disk, so an update is required to download the rest of it. Since a newer version exists since the disk was released, those remaining files turn out to be a majority of the game's file size. Only Albums, Artists, and Playlists are supported at this time. However, you could accomplish something of this sort by creating a playlist of all your songs. Then call it something like "Library". Now you have a list of your whole library that you can look through and play specific songs, or double click it to start from the top. You will have to keep this updated by adding all the new albums you get to this playlist. This is the best available method until a Songs view is actually implemented. Right click the playlist and select Rename: Limitations “Half-Life 2” and “Half-Life 2: Episode One” are only eligible to receive extra copies once. You can now log out on all other computers by clicking the "Deauthorize all other devices" button at https://store.steampowered.com/twofactor/manage. Cyl Cyl is the cynical, mischievous, dark mascot. The differences lie in the services that Steamworks and Origin offer. If you are only playing a game in singleplayer and you have no need for anything special, then they should both be identical experiences. However, if you do care for extra community features provided by Steam/Origin, ask yourself several things such as the following: