Put this way, I think the answer becomes more clear. If we adopt Jamesian/pragmatic terminology, we can say that the "cash value" of a scientific hypothesis resides in its testability (and the reproducibility of the results of that test); without those, it remains merely a thought experiment. In the case of "energy", we have very clear formulas that predict the effects of this occult cause, and the formulas work regardless of whether you believe in the cause or not. It doesn't matter if "energy" as a force actually exists, as long as it is adequate to the phenomena. If you can come up with a more parsimonious explanation for physical effects which does not require recourse to the concept of "energy", physicists will rejoice-- as long as the formulas still operate correctly. I leave the religious analogy as an exercise to the reader. To cut to the chase: if you follow a foundationalist epistemology, you have some kind of axioms or first principles that you need to build up from (but it is likely that doing so would require you to actually become a scientist in order to make a decision in this case); if, on the other hand, you follow a coherentist epistemology, you adjudicate each new claim against the things you already believe to be true, which puts you in danger of confirmation bias. In broad terms, I don't think there's anyone who questions that there is something that appears to us as "objective reality", and the point of view of a phenomenological analysis, we can "bracket" the ontological status of the ultimate referent-- in other words, we can take a fictionalist approach. And, similarly, I don't think there's anyone who doubts that mathematical abstractions (as in physics) provide a good enough description of our world for pragmatic purposes. Put another way: the caricature of post-structuralist thought that some physicists hold (and attack) in the so-called "Science Wars" is a straw man, and the "War" is being fought in the minds of these scientists only. Arkady Plotnitsky makes this case quite well here. I think a better way to frame the question is "Is a theory that is not falsifiable (in practice) useful?" In Nyāya (classical Indian) epistemology, there are recognized four types of epistemological warrants (Pramāṇa-s): For a good comparison between Aristotle and Archimedes, see pp. 11-15 of: Classification of the Modern Sciences C. S. Peirce (1839-1914), the greatest American philosopher-scientist IMHO, did some excellent work on the classification of the modern sciences (cf. this). Capecchi's 2012 History of Virtual Work Laws §3.1.2.1 "Proof of the law of the lever" (p. 48-50) concludes on p. 50 by mentioning ancient and modern criticisms of Archimedes's proof. Mach considered Archimedes's proof circular (The Science of Mechanics p. 13-14): Brian Ellis's Philosophy of Nature: A Guide to the New Essentialism David S. Oderberg's Real Essentialism Thanks in advance for any insight on this question J. Weisheipl proposes a return to St. Thomas and St. Albert for "a unifying physical theory" that would include both the philosophy of nature and the empirical or experimental sciences. For Weisheipl these constitute one specific discipline, both materially and formally. However, he regards the sciences employing mathematical principles as really distinct from natural philosophy. See J. Weisheipl, The Development of Physical Theory in the Middle Ages; "The Relationship of Medieval Natural Philosophy to Modern Science: The Contribution of Thomas Aquinas to Its Understanding," in Science. Medicine and the Universities 1200-1550. Essays in Honor of Pearl Kibre (= Manuscripta 20 [1976]), pp. 181-196; idem, Introduction to The Dignity of Science. Studies in the Philosophy of Science Presented to William Humbert Kane OP (= The Thomist 24 [1961]). Hence, the only time which is not illusory, and which he regards as real, is the heterogeneous time, or succession, which accompanies the development of our conscious states. Such development is purely qualitative, and its parts can only be qualitatively, never quantitatively, distinguished, so that they are absolutely heterogeneous; for it is clear that all our psychic acts are unextended — it is impossible to have a yard of thought — and so if distinct their distinction can be qualitative only. The question of the division of the sciences has a long history. There's always been a distinction between and classification of the sciences. —R. P. Phillips, Modern Thomistic philosophy pp. 125-7 Those who uphold it must, to avoid contradiction, hold fallibalism as dogma. These are historical examples of the Gettier problem of knowledge as justified true belief (JTB), when a person is justified in her belief, and the belief is true, but the justification relies on elements that are false. To put it plainly, a person believes the right stuff for the wrong reasons, but this "wrongness" is external to justification. Officially, Gettier knowledge is not knowledge, but "X knew that p" is colloquially interpreted as "X believed that q, which is translated into modern terms as p, and comes out as true", otherwise if X still believed that q then "X mistakenly believed that p". QUESTION: Was Kant right that our minds use space and time to synthesize perceptions, if so is that space Euclidean? If empirical experience is synthesized according to a priori schemes how do we manage to extract something from it that does not conform to these schemes? In philosophy specifically, Einstein's contributions were to fully expose the unphysical character of Newton's absolute space (and ether as its reification), and later of space, spacetime and spacetime points in general, clarify Mach's vague ideas about its relational nature and derive consequences of that for physical theories (general covariance), but to reject Mach's and Poincaré's fictionalism and conventionalism about physics and geometry overall. In this he acted as an heir to science oriented Kantian creed of Helmholtz and neo-Kantians. The latter and logical positivists, especially Cassirer and Reichenbach, made changes to the doctrines of space, time, and empirical knowledge more broadly, specifically to account for changes introduced by relativity.