The short answer is: loot them. 

In large castles the standard method for preventing this kind of attack is to put an iron gate in front of the door. This prevents any accumulation of wood from being placed directly against the door. Also, such gates, like block houses, always have overhangs with down ports so that water can be poured down onto the gate. 

So, you can see, Hannibal made every effort to advance onto Rome, but was unable to get past Cassino in 216, despite his success at Cannae. There is always hope of recovering lost works. Recently a new fragment of Aristotle was recovered in Oxyrhynncus. Lost works are sometimes found in newly discovered tombs and trash middens. Also, they are sometimes discovered as palimpsests. In other cases, important works are discovered hidden away unnoticed in libraries. A typical example of this was the discovery of the Armenian Chronicon. The first book of the Chronicon of Eusebius, a crucially important book of history, was long thought to be lost, when it was discovered translated into Armenian in the ancient library of the Armenian monastery on San Lazzaro in Venice in approximately 1818. 

In Josephus the supposed reference to this town occurs as part of the "divine dream" paragraph in the Life (xix, 27), and is as follows: If you read "Latin Forms of Address: From Plautus to Apuleius" by Eleanor Dickey it confirms my answer: slaves almost always call their master/mistress erus/era to their face. Note that "ere" is the vocative form, so that is the form that would normally be used. You will sometimes find the word in Latin dictionaries under "herus". Don't be fooled by some of these dictionaries into thinking this is an "official" Latin word, its actually very colloquial Greek. 

Sources: A brief but very informative account is O. Neugebauer, The exact sciences in antiquity, Harper torchbooks, 1962. A comprehensive source is O. Neugebauer, A History of Ancient mathematical astronomy, in 3 vols., Springer 1975. That the whole complex is the ancient Petra is evidenced by the ancient Nabatean and Roman tombs discovered there, and location of the ancient Petra is known, and it is mentioned in the ancient texts. See the picture of these tombs in the end if this article: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petra#Byzantine_era_.E2.80.93_decline There is no doubt that a lot of restoration was done there since the discovery in 1812. How faithful is the restoration of the particular temple Al Khazneh you are asking about can be discussed but that the whole thing is genuine, there is no doubt. 

What your teacher teaches you is unfortunately a complete nonsense and political propaganda. There were no "Ukrainians" until the 17 century, and the notion of "proto-Ukrainians" (as people who lived of this territory) is unscientific. 

The fact is that Claudius Ptolemy (astronomer, who probably worked in Alexandria in 2 century AD) could read Hipparchus. And we cannot. Remark. History based on the Bible, as a main source, is usually not qualified as "revisionist", because there was time when the Bible was considered the ultimate source of all knowledge:-) Even in modern times such history books exist, and usually they do not qualify as "revisionist". But this type of book is easy to detect once you browse it. Consider the Jews living in the US now. Most of their ancestors lived on the territory of modern Ukraine. Were they "proto-Ukrainians"? Then why these Jews are not called "ukrainians"? 

A legend says that one of the Ptolemy rulers tried to buy (from Athens) original texts of Aeschylus, Sophocles and Euripides. Athenians refused. Then he asked to borrow them to copy. Athenians agreed, but required an enormous security deposit. He payed the deposit, and did not return the original manuscripts:-) 

This is a good example of the use of history for political propaganda. 

These examples were related to 13-th and 19-th centuries. But speaking of "proto-Ukrainians" earlier than that is even more nonsensical. Of course you are not advised to contradict your teacher:-) What I recommend is to use some criticism to what you are taught, and read Sienkiewicz novels, for example, to complement what they teach you at school. Just try Sienkiewicz. You will not regret. Most of the action is on the territory of the modern Ukraine. This is a fiction, of course, but this is much closer to history than what they teach in the modern high schools. And then just think yourself: who are his heroes: "proto-Ukrainians", "proto-Poles" or "proto-Lithuanians"? This article seems to be well-researched, and cites mostly contemporary sources. 

Actually many old monuments were restored and rebuilt many times, and do not look nowadays the same way they looked in antiquity. For example, the Great Wall of China, as shown to the tourists and reproduced on so many pictures, is a 20s century reconstruction. The non-restored parts look more like the Hadrian wall in England and other Roman walls in Europe: some people do not notice when they walk over them. Constructed by the Stradivari family in Italy from roughly 1650-1750. The technique for building Stradivari instruments was a family secret known only by patriarch Antonio Stradivari and his sons, Omobono and Francesco. Once they died, the process died with them. The secret of Roman success in making cement was traced to the mixing of slaked lime with pozzolana, a volcanic ash from Mount Vesuvius. This process produced a cement capable of hardening under water. During the Middle Ages this art was lost and it was not until the scientific spirit of inquiry revived that we rediscovered the secret of hydraulic cement -- cement that will harden under water. Roman Arch, Roman Vault, and Roman Dome Source: National Geographic News - Leap year (why) 

As for why the area doesn't flood now or in recent history. It does, Iraq, to this day still experiences flooding. Researchers have commented that the medicine of ancient Egypt was, generally speaking, far superior to that practiced in Europe during the Middle Ages and Pre-Incan medical surgery was superior to that of the Peruvian Inca. 

Concrete was widely used throughout antiquity by the Persians, Egyptians, Assyrians, and Romans. The Romans technique in creating concrete allowed them to build the Pantheon, Colosseum, aqueducts, and spectacular baths (big ones, awesome ones). Amazingly many structures built with this Roman Cement are still standing. The recipe was lost during the descent into the Dark Ages.