I found this: http://www.etymologie.info/~e/l_/lu-gr.html In brief: It is considered to come from a Celtic word for "reed water". This question is very vague, but I assume you are asking about the Middle Ages in Western Europe, though there is no reason why it should not be about Byzantium, Islam, India, China or any other mediaeval civilisation. But let us stick to Western Europe. The actual question that was posed on here five years ago now was whether “the Moors and Arabs, ‘Muslims’ who invaded Europe, i.e. Spain” helped the “evolution of civilisations of Europe”. The answer to this question is that the Arabs “who invaded Europe”, namely the Arab warriors who conquered parts of Europe in the 7th century, did not bring copies of Aristotle and Ptolemy with them in their saddle bags. The translations of Greek classics into Arabic were produced a good 200 years later, and they were the work not of warriors, but of mainly Christian scholars in the Eastern part of the Abbasid caliphate, and they were introduced later in al-Andalus mainly by Muslim scholars (again not by warriors). Conquerors do not help the “evolution of civilisations”. I think the question is a bit too broad. Mesoamerican cultures may have made this transition at a different time than South Pacific Islanders. Update: although I lack the scholarship to provide evidence, I strongly suspect that marriage among the lower classes was more about love and less about political advantage. Political advantage wouldn't have been absent, but I suspect that love/lust played a larger role. Furthermore, I am skeptical of the ability to measure what you describe. Each couple will have a different balance of lust, respect and mutual political advantage, and it may shift over time. Second, "economics" undergoes a couple of phase changes in the period. First, the downfall of the ancien regime because the governance of France rejected any and all competent economic advisers. Then Adam Smith articulates real economics for the first time. Before that, economics was idiots in a sandbox with sharp knives. (I am doing a disservice to brilliant men who overthrew the Corn Laws and a dozen other geniuses who happened on the right answer without any of the tools, but I'm writing an H:SE answer, not a book.) Washington (who may not have had a title, but was definitely a 1%er) had no clue about economics. The Articles of Confederation managed to absolutely destroy the economy of the colonies. Hamilton barely salvaged an economy from Jefferson (who was quite possibly the worst economist in the history of the United States - he makes Hoover and Coolidge look like geniuses). These are the times that prove that economists are needed for good governance. 1) Generally he wouldn't; his parents would find someone to give him employment. Family connections were key. Fascism was surgical - remove the liberal elements and revive the people. Communism is an ideology of mass destruction. What claims did Communism make? My point is that communism demanded total loyalty. Communism was more important than anything else in your life. Nobody believed that the communist utopia would arrive in your lifetime; the only reward you could hope for was to struggle and die so that the proletariat would eventually rule the world. Remember Boxer?? The only thing holding back the proletarian revolution is that you're not trying hard enough. You - you personally are failing the revolution. You should die of shame, but the party, out of kindness, will work you to death to atone for your crimes. According to the communists, only the laboring class would rise; all others would fall (and probably fall to the knife). Take a quick look around you - are you willing to bet your family's life that you're one of the elect? Are you completely sure that there isn't someone poorer than you who will claim that you are bourgeois? (Hint: if you're using the internet, I can guarantee that there is a class of people who will happily denounce you, and seize your property as their own.) In 2010 870,000 Europeans professed adherence to folk religions; just under 5 million professed a non-Abrahamic religion. It remains to prove that these are continuous; probably the Hindu and Buddhist respondents are immigrants, and I'd argue that they aren't "pagan" whatever that means. 3) Read Ken Follet's historical novels. Huge generalization, but your best bet is to apprentice with someone local and then be sent off to another master for journeyman training. Fourth, with a hat tip to @twosheds, there is an evolution to total war that begins (arguably) with the French Revolution, is reinforced by the US civil war and is absolutely clear by WWI - war is no longer won by military leadership, but by the ability of society to transform industrial output to military logistics. This is a book length theme, but twosheds is right - the conclusion is inescapable that economics trumps military today. Then John Maynard Keynes articulates macroeconomics for the first time. This is the real inflection point that answers your question - a practical, testable theory of economics that can be used to improve governance. Der Name des Ortes "Schengen" (im Großherzogtum Luxemburg (Kanton Remich), der Namensgeberin für das "Schengener Abkommen", engl. "Schengen Treaty", "Schengen Agreement", 1985) soll keltischen Ursprungs sein und auf kelt. "scen" = dt. "Schilfwasser" zurück gehen. Im Jahr 877 erscheint der Name des Ortes erstmals als "Sceidingas". In brief: It is considered to come from a Celtic word for "reed water". I found this: http://www.etymologie.info/~e/l_/lu-gr.html This question is very vague, but I assume you are asking about the Middle Ages in Western Europe, though there is no reason why it should not be about Byzantium, Islam, India, China or any other mediaeval civilisation. But let us stick to Western Europe. The actual question that was posed on here five years ago now was whether “the Moors and Arabs, ‘Muslims’ who invaded Europe, i.e. Spain” helped the “evolution of civilisations of Europe”. The answer to this question is that the Arabs “who invaded Europe”, namely the Arab warriors who conquered parts of Europe in the 7th century, did not bring copies of Aristotle and Ptolemy with them in their saddle bags. The translations of Greek classics into Arabic were produced a good 200 years later, and they were the work not of warriors, but of mainly Christian scholars in the Eastern part of the Abbasid caliphate, and they were introduced later in al-Andalus mainly by Muslim scholars (again not by warriors). Conquerors do not help the “evolution of civilisations”.