I suppose the key to handling the examples you have provided is to note that Faith(BR) compares either the Underlying Representation of the base or the surface Representation of the base with the surface form of the reduplicant (thanks to @Aerlinthe for pointing this out). In the Manam examples Faith(UR of base/Reduplicant) would be outranked by a gemeral markedness constraint banning non-homorganic nasal-obstruent sequences. This doesn't appear to be a real problem for OT. Tellingly, in Urbanczyk's (2007) chapter on Reduplication, she discusses the Manam data but doesn't bother to remark on the nasal assimilation in the base. If anyone can contribute any references to published work on perception of whispered speech, I'd love to see them. 

To give an example, in the dialect of Vietnamese spoken around Cần Thơ, open syllables whose vowel is represented by an orthographic i or y are pronounced approximately with a vowel sounding like [ɨi], so mì 'wheat noodles' is pronounced approximately [mɨi]. Orthographic o, on the other hand, is pronounced more or less like [ɑ], so mỏ 'snout' is pronounced [mɑ]. It is difficult to argue that [ɨi] is really a combination of [ɨ] and [i], because there are no open-syllable words having nuclear vowel [ɨ], and none having [i]; there is also no difference in vowel length between mì and mỏ. Anyways, let's try not to quibble over the this specific example more than necessary... 

Now to the main part of the question: are there processes which tend towards being surface true? Probably the more fruitful way of asking the question is: which types of processes will tend to result in opacity? (you will get more hits if you search for opacity in google) When you have opacity, there are two interacting processes, such that one of them covers up the conditioning environment of the other (see Bakovic 2011's citation of Kiparsky 1973 (which is notoriously difficult to find) for a clearer definition). If one of these was nasal place assimilation, then we would find rule-conditioned homorganic nasal-obstruent sequences alongside non-homorganic nasal-obstruent sequences. 

Concerning external evidence, a type of evidence frequently reported in favor of segmentalism is evidence from speech errors, Idsardi (2010), for example,suggests in his review of Silverman's book, refers to a study on speech errors by Wan & Jaeger (1998). On the other hand, speech errors are cited by Articulatory Phonologists as evidence in favor of the gestural organization of speech. A 1992 paper by John Ohala argues for segments on the basis of a thought experiment. As far as I know, there is no detailed criticism of Lodge's proposal, but I think that a good argument against it on internal grounds would be to show that phonetic interpretation of features must be highly constrained and, at some level, language-independent. 

In sum, I think a preliminary to this task is to try to clarify the positions of the antisegmentalists (admittedly not an easy task) and determine exactly at what points these vary from those of segmentalists. It tends to be the case that many arguments put forward on either side are against positions which are not held by anyone, and defenses against such arguments are defenses of positions which were never attacked. 

First, concerning how some of these data will be analyzed in OT. In "classical" OT, markedness constraints were only evaluated on surface representations, and faithfulness constraints were only evaluated on pairs of input/output representations. As it turns out, the analysis of reduplication is one area that led to the development of different types of faithfulness constraints. Correspondence Theory (McCarthy & Prince 1995) generalizes the notion of faithfulness constraints, so that they can apply to other types of pairing, including Base/Reduplicant. In Alderete et al (1999) you can find a discussion of how IO and BR faithfulness constraints can interact to account for differing phonotactic characteristics in Reduplicants versus in other parts of the language. You can listen to expert IPA pronunciations of the difference here. "Examples" would come from a specific language. As you can see from the Wiki article on the vowel, it is widely transcribed as [ə], but maybe [a]. It does not apparently contrast with [ə] in one language, but may be found in certain dialects instead of [ə]. It may also be conflated with [ɜ]. It is most useful to compare the performance pronunciations of the above-linked experts, since IPA does not specify particular formant values or lexical items in specific languages as representing the value of a given symbol. 

The citation for the Jongman paper is Jongman, A., Wayland, R., & Wong, S. (1998). 'Acoustic characteristics of English fricatives: I. Static cues'. Working Papers of the Cornell Phonetics Laboratory. 12: 195-205. The current URL is http://conf.ling.cornell.edu/plab/paper/wpcpl12-Jongman.pdf. Ohala on the other hand does not accomodate sound-system processes that aren't part of what have been called "postlexical phonology", thus there are no phonological rules of palatalization in Polish, there is no vowel alternation within the root in "dream ~ dreamt", Classical Arabic does not have rules deleting intervocalic glides. It is entirely unclear what his theory of language production is, since it appears that he holds that speakers have learned all of the words of their language and do not generate them from parts. 

Red and blue lines and regions are explained later. 

Onset of voicing coincides with stop release. 

Voiceless aspirated stops Here are three voiceless aspirated stops (what we're used to seeing in English as /p t k/ when they occur as simple onsets at the beginning of stressed syllables): Onset of voicing (blue) occurs well after stop release (red). Notice in all these examples, there is considerable delay after the red line to the blue area. Since you asked about that particular chart and the accompany voice samples, I took the samples and laid them out in Praat, a tool designed for speech analysis. 

Conclusions So what does this mean for you. As a native English speaker, you have only ever been exposed to [p] aspirated and [p] unaspirated. You understand the former to be /p/ and the latter to be /b/. 

I voiced my own version of [d] in the same frame, and this is the resulting spectrogram and sound: 

The spectrum So you won't have to pick apart samples from above, here's a side by side comparison between [p] aspirated, [p] unaspirated, and [b]: