To summarize, they are not exactly identical in that an adverb phrase is headed by a lexical adverb while an adverbial phrase isn't necessarily, but they are identical in their syntactic function (modifying verbs, VPs, sentences etc.) and this is what is relevant in syntactic analysis - after all, playing the same role as lexical adverbs in a sentence is the very reason why they are called so. And as long as they serve to distinguish a certain class of constituents, the mere etymology of a term shouldn't bother one too much. 

When the questioned NP is not a person ("who"/"wer"), but an object ("what"/"was"): 

(Again, trace and end of arrow are meant to refer to VP.) So we would end up with an adjunct-like structure, just as you said. This looks really unsatisfying to me, but this is still the best I can think of. 

Still, this question is of course highly dependent on your presumed POS and syntactic inventory; the below list of word categories is to be seen as an approximation rather than universally representative: 

Yes, I know, ternary branching is an ugly thing to do, but I don't want to start blowing up the tree with little v or anything to make it nice and binary. And yes, I know, if you want to make THE univeral syntax theory you can include a lot more empty categories and stuff (like I or T or whatever you may call it, for which there is no evidence they need to be assumed to exist for German). But there is no satisfying univeral theory of syntax anyway so let's just keep things simple, I think it should be clear what it means. 

Update 2 I read up on the problem in Wolfgang Sternefeld's "Syntax" (2008) which probably comes the closest to the standard German syntax book if there is such a standard, and on p. 337 I found a parargraph about topicalisation of VPs which essentially says: "Traditionally it is assumed that there must only be maximal projections in specifier positions, but there are sentences like Gemietet_i hat_j [.VP er das Haus nicht t_i t_j] where it seems to be possible to have a V head in SpecC." So here it is assumed that my first solution would be okay. However, the evidence for why it can't be a VP that is moved into SpecC is provided by the example * [.VP er das Haus nicht gemietet] hat, which is obviously ungrammatical, but as far as I see only because er (corresponding to our Hans) is moved as well, i.e. the VP under C' instead of the one under V' as in my solution, while if we moved only the latter one, we would get [.VP das Haus nicht gemietet] hat er t_i t_j which seems okay to me, or at least just as marked as the other sentenes. So I'm not sure that's a definite argument for allowing non-maximal projections (i.e., a V head) to be moved into SpecC and therefore for accepting my first solution. Edit: A page later, on the other hand, it is also noted that phrasality has a differnt status in classical X-bar theory than in minimalist one; since phrasality in minimalism is not an inherent property to constituents but only defined relatively, the item in SpecC is, being a non-head, automatically "locally phrasal", which would again support allowing V to stand alone in SpecC.