In Ireland, as elsewhere, the major monasteries became extremely wealthy in both land and gold. They also gained political importance. What was almost unique to Ireland, however, was that, because of the feudal roots of the Monastic system, many monasteries became increasingly secularised from the 8th century, as the close ties between ruling families and monasteries manifested themselves. 

The National Maritime Museum in Greenwich, London has published a research guide to the Dunkirk List which you might find helpful. 

Interestingly, Nowicki's letter sparked an investigation by the NSA who were concerned that the letter revealed classified details relating to US intelligence gathering capabilities. The existence of the NSA investigation was one of the details revealed among the classified documents leaked by Edward Snowden. 

Many of the original sources that Lt. Col. Orde consulted were subsequently lost or destroyed, so that list is generally considered to be the most authoritative, and is the primary source on which subsequent lists have been based. 

You could just have easily have quoted the case of Feidhlimidh mac Crimthainn, King of Muster in the ninth century. He he had previously been a monk (supposedly a Céilí Dé, or "Companion of God", no less!), who rose to the post of Abbot and then to be King. In the course of his reign, he plundered and burned the abbeys of Fore, Clonmacnoise, Kildare, Durrow and Tallaght. He also set himself as Abbot at Cork and at Clonfert. Despite this, after his death, he was later considered a saint by some in Ireland. 

The military support for the MPLA came from Cuba, together with a number of Russian specialists (although it is possible that Yugoslavia did sent some specialist military advisers to assist the MPLA and Cubans). 

Why did the Israeli Defense Force attack the USS Liberty on June 8, 1967 killing 32 American Sailors, wounding 171, and doing so much damage to the ship that it ultimately had to be scrapped. 

We know that Christianity had spread to Ireland by the early fifth century. However, Ireland had never been a part of the Roman Empire, so there had been no prior tradition of the Roman church in Ireland. An entry in the Chronicle of Prosper of Aquitaine seems to suggest that Palladius had been sent to Ireland in 431 as the first missionary bishop sent by Rome. If so, his mission was hardly a resounding success. However, the later mission by Saint Patrick was certainly more successful, and we have records of a number of churches founded in towns (or, perhaps "civitates" might be a better term at this stage in their development) like Armagh. 

NOTE: This answer referred to the original question as asked on 1 November 2017: 

He stated that it was only when aircraft and motor torpedo boat operators moved closer to the Liberty that they were able to recognise, and therefore reference, the American flag.