Notably absent from this list are the members of the Anglican Communion. As Pope Leo XIII taught in his apostolic letter Apostolicae Curae, the Catholic Church holds that the Anglican Church lost its ability to consecrate bishops in the 16th Century, when it changed its rite for episcopal consecration. (Some individual bishops may have found ways to be ordained validly, but it cannot be affirmed with certainty as a body.) The important point here is that marriage is a natural institution that existed prior to the sacraments. However, the Church claims, Jesus elevated marriage to a sacrament, which means that it gives grace to those who participate in it, especially those graces necessary to make the marriage a loving, life-long union. * It should be noted that the evil of contraception depends entirely on deliberate choice of the couple to suppress the fertility of their sexual acts. In more technical terms, the suppression of fertility must be voluntary. Hence, for instance, a woman who is undergoing hormone therapy for medical reasons—for example, to treat Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS)—will also be infertile as long as she is receiving the treatment. Since the motivation for taking the hormones is medical, not contraceptive, the suppression of fertility in this case is involuntary. It is, therefore, morally licit for a woman in this situation to engage in the sexual act with her husband. There are a number of related questions here. The fundamental pitfall to avoid: intoxication The problem common to all substance abuse is intoxication, the condition in which the person loses control over his actions; drunkenness is one example. However, practically all of the drugs mentioned in this answer produce an intoxicating effect, which may vary in its particular manifestations (e.g., some drugs are stimulants, whereas others are depressants), but all of them are capable of acutely and severely impairing judgment and self-control. I was unable to find any official Church document that addresses the issue of interracial marriage directly, but Canon Law places no restriction whatsoever on race (neither the current code nor the older code issued in 1917). Some drugs (e.g., cocaine) have the potential to cause catastrophic health effects even with one use; and others (e.g., heroin) cause extremely debilitating physical addiction. Even apart from the intoxication, that would be reason alone for making it immoral to take these drugs recreationally. Evidently, the Pope himself, or else the patriarch or major archbishop of an Eastern church, could also grant that permission. (The problem of the forgiveness of sin, in the proper sense of the term, is the topic of the second half of 2 Samuel, for example: King David commits some grave moral offenses—his adultery with Bathsheeba, the murder of Uriah, and his taking of the census against God’s orders—and yet the Law offers no provisions for reconciliation with God. Although God makes his forgiveness known through the prophets, he is extremely stern by our standards.)