One might say that the secularised notion of evil is returning to its Anglo-Saxon roots. Aristotle inteprets this in several ways: Since his system can be thought of as Whilst noting that Pound never learnt or knew Chinese, but worked from the work of another man - who knew some Chinese - Fennellosa - who having passed away, had passed on his work. Kant divides cognition into two - the Understanding & the Intuition. Both are required to make knowledge possible: The understanding supplies concepts which makes the objects represented by the intuition intelligible. To be fair; there are philosophers of the margin - such as Derrida or Deleuze who make a point of representing the margins; but this still appears, generally, in the margins of the West - this is why for example, Badiou can say, in passing, Islam has a great philosophy - but one looks in vain, in his oeuvre, for a real reading of it, by him. I take it, you are of Indian ancestry; and this is why you're asking about why it's under-represented. (2) that the earth floats free and unsupported in space, and At this time they were the only ones to remember the practice, which had fallen into disuse due in part to the abundance of steel flowing into the country from foreign sources. Amartya Sen in his book The Argumentative Indian points out that the India has one of the longest continuous traditions of philosophical materialism - the nyaya school; there is also a schism in Western Philosophy between the 'literary' continental and the 'mathematical' analytical styles; the commitment should not be to just rigour but also to significance. In 1870, Clifford, the English mathematician and sometime philosopher wrote the following in his book, On the Space theory of Matter; Water is the archê of all things. (Metaphysics) A thought then presents itself: what distinguishes between the sound-bite, the jingle & the aphorism? One might suppose the sound-bite sells an obviously local phenomena, a party political message or a new brand of saucepan. Whereas the the aphorism is thought-provoking on issues of wider import. Wildes apohrism on 'knowing the price of everything and the value of nothing', can be usefully interpreted for example, as an attack on utilitarianism, or mercantilism. They encode, despite appearances, profound thought. Nagarjunas, Verses from the Centre, are essentially aphorisms strung together, and take an entire secondary literature to decode. And one ought to note that Western philosophy being centred on the Greek tradition, too took time to translate, explain and annotate; and that process is ongoing, for the senses of words were lost, for they were talking to each other, and had not an eye on posterity - though they might have. Nothing directly attributed to Thales that has come down to us, but Aristotle does mention four views in his books: Still, they might be hard-headed proofists; and their insistence might have consequences ... That this variation in the curvature of space is what is really what happens in that phenomena we call motion of matter. My own thinking on this is that mathematicians from antiquity had already recognised the lack of neccessity in the parallel postulate, and that this shows that they already understood Euclidean geometry wasn't a priori as then constituted. That it took millenia for this insight to be incorporated in the main body of mathematics as refutation alongside the discovery of non-Euclidean geometry is a mere side-issue from this essential insight. I believe that there are two reasons Nietzsche is more often than Hegel associated with Nazism. The first reason is contained within part of your question: Before we discuss whether or not Socrates believes in a monotheistic or polytheistic god, we should state that it is clear is that Socrates and Plato rejected the Homeric image of the Greek pantheon. Of course, one of the main charges against Socrates was that he did not believe in the Gods of Athens and he preached heresy to the youth of the city. Book II of the Republic is devoted to Socrate's discussion that the real Gods must be just and honest and myths that portray them as being petty and dishonest are false and should not be taught to children. From the SEP: συγχωρεῖς ἄρα, ἔφην, τοῦτον δεύτερον τύπον εἶναι ἐν ᾧ δεῖ περὶ θεῶν καὶ λέγειν καὶ ποιεῖν, ὡς μήτε αὐτοὺς γόητας ὄντας τῷ μεταβάλλειν ἑαυτοὺς μήτε ἡμᾶς ψεύδεσι παράγειν ἐν λόγῳ ἢ ἐν ἔργῳ; 383α (θεῶν - plural genitive) These, men of Athens, who have spread abroad this report, are my dangerous enemies. For those who hear them think that men who investigate these matters do not even believe in Gods. 18c Whether Plato's character of Socrates or Plato himself believed in a God or many Gods is not perfectly clear. Additionally, we can't ascribe any sort of belief to the historical Socrates; we just don't know enough about his life that doesn't come from Plato or Xenophon. For the rest of this answer I'll say "Socrates" instead of "Plato's character of Socrates" for the sake of brevity. The other reason, I believe, lies in their different writing styles. Nietzsche loved aphorisms and his most famous quotes are widely known, even by people who have no familiarity with his work. On the other hand, Hegel wrote incredibly dense treaties that used a lot of philosophical terminology and grandiose sentences. While Nietzsche filled his books with sentences such as: So now on to the question of whether Socrates believed in one God or many Gods. The generally accepted answer is that Socrates believed in an ambiguous monotheistic God. This view is similar to (and I hope I do not offend anyone by giving a simplistic view of) the Brahman in Hinduism. Socrates speaks amply of paying tributes to the Gods and that the Gods are virtuous, and yet he also speaks of God being the eternal source of everything that is good. Similarly to how Hindu Gods and Goddesses are aspects of the same singular deity, the Brahman, Socrates believes that the Gods and Goddesses are aspects of the same monotheistic deity. In the original text Plato uses both singular and plural forms of "Theos" much like ancient Hindu texts use the singular and plural form of "Deva" (Sanskrit word for God). Socrates believed that his inner daimonion was his, and all of our, means of communication with this deity. On a monotheistic view it is very similar to how Christian theology considers the Holy Spirit in relation to the Godhead.