I like your play. These stakes people rarely fold to a raise here. You should only raise with stronger hands. Calling seems very good. The next level play here is to check-raise. What are some of the advantages and disadvantages of this play? Let's start with the disadvantages. Caecilius for sure checks back king high and a pair of sixes on the river, which BrynKenney could have bluffed him off of. There are a lot of advantages to this play though. For once, having some check-raises here with both bluffs and value hands makes you tough to play against. Secondly, your opponent's betting range on the river is, let's be honest, pretty weak. Almost all of his flush draws on the flop would have bet and most of his straights and sets would have bet the flop as well, if not that then the turn, because the board was so draw heavy. Most aces would be betting the turn for that same reason. Realistically caecilius can only really value bet a weird 8 or a 5. You can probably check-raise him off those hands, while they would call a river bet most of the time. Note: because caecilius overbets the river he is primarily representing trips. 

Now back to caecilius, should he call the river? At this point trips is a bluff catcher. BrynKenney is definitely good enough to be balanced here. So I think caecilius should just take a look at his range and fold the bottom part of it and call the top part. He overbet the river, so his value range should be like 53s, 54s, 75s, 95s, T5, J5, Q5, K5 and some weird not frequent slowplayed flushes, straights and full houses. Caecilius probably wouldn't even overbet with his weaker fives, since BrynKenney just calls him with a better five too often. So J5 is right in the middle, if not near the bottom of his range. Given the fact he also does not have a heart blocker in his hand, I think this is a pretty clear fold. 

So I decided to check-raise turn. I could have just called as well, but I think it is important to have a check-raise bluffing range on every street to make it hard for your opponent to play against you. I think Ts6s is a reasonable candidate to do it with. 88maca88 bets huge to size up the potential river shove. I again do not like this play. This board is very favorable for the big blind, so you need to be very selective with your bluffs. AK here is just two overcards and nothing else. There are so many better hands to bluff with here. AK even has showdown value too. Just check it back. The river is a very dicey card. I hit my flush, but it also pairs the board. At this point the pot is around $1.20 and we have around $3.40 behind. I think at this point there are three options on the table. (1) Bet-fold, (2) bet-call or (3) check-call. I think, if the first two options are chosen, that it makes sense to bet a normal sizing. 50%-80% or so. Much more makes your range way too polarized and I think you are overplaying your hand. If the third option is chosen I think it makes sense to call at least up to a pot-sized bet.