If you have a fake "news" site, which superficially resembles actual news sites, that claims that Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party are using a pizza restaurant as a conduit for a massive child pornography and prostitution ring, for instance, it gets more credibility and gets circulated and cited more than if, say, some nutter in the Russian parliament stands up and makes that accusation. 

Wikipedia: War Powers Resolution 

Our "friendly" relationship with Saddam was always one of convenience, and because he was against Iran, more than any kind of genuine mutual interests, cultural bonds or genuine friendship. 

This is similar to China being recognized as THE China, and Taiwan being recognized as, well, something different. Mainland China always gets very upset when officials from Taiwan are met or dealt with, because they consider that nation to be illegitimate, in their official stance. 

So - that's the reason why most of their equipment was Soviet, and not the USA. I'd consider chemical weapons to be "major," but since, by international law, no one is supposed to have those programs (even the superpowers), you're not going to find the same kind of "Made in the USA" labeling that you would for a jeep, rifle, jet or tank. Supplying the technology also allows one to produce the product, themselves, at their own plants, as opposed to a jet or tank which is manufactured by the USA and then sold. 

If he's elected, and they act to remove and replace him, it could wind up being a huge boon for the party. Given that set of circumstances and all the advantages, I think it would be highly unlikely that the GOP would not remove him, which is why I didn't directly address the last sentence of your question as much as deal with how they can use the situation to their advantage. 

Because openly declaring support or taking a stance is quite different than creating a stealth propaganda operation to skew people's opinions by distorting their views on facts or analysis of facts. 

"How can it?" Complete divestiture of businesses and all assets placed in a blind (not "run by my kids") trust. 

Both of those documents were written by the same Legislative attorney, FYI. 

Open and honest democratic elections are entirely about transparency. The Russians operating via stealth propaganda and other espionage and sabotage of the process is contrary to open and honest democratic elections. That's why it's worse than a government taking an open stand for any administration or candidate. 

NOTE: My framing of how the law is interpreted, or arguments the USA might make to support their action should not necessarily be interpreted that I am making those same arguments or claims. Based on how similar actions have rolled out over the past 25 or so years, and discussions that arose about the authority at the time of those actions, this is how I believe the situation is, not how the world would be if I got to make all the rules. 

In dealing with the UN, you will probably see the argument that, with the brazen war crime committed by Assad, there was an immediate need to deter him from further acts, and that these strikes were limited in scope so they only did that, and no more, and that the USA will defer to other bodies' deliberations, having only acted under exigent need. 

From 1801 (under Thomas Jefferson) until 1974 (under Richard Nixon), Presidents had the power to impound otherwise appropriated funds. This meant that Congress could authorize an agency or a law or some program, and appropriate funds to it, but then the President could refuse to actually spend the money. Forty-three states and the Mayor of the District of Columbia still hold this "fiduciary veto" over their respective constituent assemblies. 

George Washington, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, John Monroe, John Quincy Adams, Andrew Jackson, and Martin Van Buren. 

That is what a tax credit and/or a deduction does. If the government is going to transfer wealth, this is an easy way to do it. 

Of course, Gen. Powell is no longer Secretary of State, so this no longer applies. Instead, as a private person, the question is, "Does the Speaker need to be an elected member in his own right?" Traditionally, of course, it would be unprecedented. But, I think the case can be made that it is also not allowed. 

Note: This seems to have already started 

So, Trump signed an executive order on Tuesday (28/03/2017): Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Energy Independence and Economic Growth 

The Wisconsin Republican addressed reporters minutes after GOP leaders abruptly shelved the legislation, averted likely defeat for the bill. But it still dealt a damaging setback to President Donald Trump, Ryan and an entire party that has long said it wants to annul Obama's statute. 

with protests on Inauguration day. 

With the withdrawal of the ACHA bill due to shortage of votes 

(i) Executive Order 13653 of November 1, 2013 (Preparing the United States for the Impacts of Climate Change); 

(i) The Report of the Executive Office of the President of June 2013 (The President's Climate Action Plan); and 

Context Reading Man who threw boiling water on gay couple will spend 40 years in prison: 

Kym Anderson and Lee Ann Jackson over at AgBioForum wrote a great piece from the perspective of ratifying the difference between both sides with the results they produce: 

Written in Comey Memo Says Trump Asked Him to End Flynn Investigation: 

(iii) The Presidential Memorandum of November 3, 2015 (Mitigating Impacts on Natural Resources from Development and Encouraging Related Private Investment); and 

With the success of PB in Porto Alegre it has stemmed to (.PDF) 

The Regulation of GMOs in Europe and the United States: A Case-Study of Contemporary European Regulatory Politics Differing U.S. and European Perspectives on GMOs: Political, Economic and Cultural Issues The U.S. and EU: Different Approaches 

In Michael Flynn's Russia payment likely broke disclosure laws, lawmakers say: 

The 48-year-old wasn’t charged with a hate crime because Georgia is one of five states that do not have hate crime statutes. An FBI spokesman told Reuters that federal investigators are considering whether to charge Blackwell with a federal hate crime. 

The existence of Mr. Trump’s request is the clearest evidence that the president has tried to directly influence the Justice Department and F.B.I. investigation into links between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russia.