I am not as interested in if the work was actually influential or widely read, but if it was considered to be influential and widely read. However, knowledge of the first can inform the second. Notes After translating the works, it seems that Ficino commented on several dialogues like Parmenides, Sophist, Philebus, Timaeus, Phaedrus and (only) part of the Republic (the confusing numerology from 546a-e). Although he also uses some imagery from the Republic, like the cave, it seems to be mostly coming through engaging with Plotinus and not Plato's Republic directly. I've asked this question on /r/askphilosophy and /r/askhistory and although they were well received by votes, those threads have not generated any answers or insights. However, during the Medieval ages, it was largely lost to Western Europe, and part of the Timaeus was the only Platonic work available before the 12th century (when the Meno and the Phaedo were translated, but not widely read). Except for this, Plato's works were unavailable to the Latindom until the Renaissance when Marsilio Ficino translated the complete works of Plato in the late 15th century (see also note [1]). Similar language is used in a blog review of Machinamenta. On the other hand, Dawson in Logical Dilemmas does not use the word "obsessed", only "preoccupied". Gödel did have a deep interest in Leibniz's work (as did Husserl, Gödel's another major influence), after all they were both fellow objective idealists and mathematical platonists. Here is Dawson, p.107: Morewedge in "A Third Version of the Ontological Argument in the Ibn Sinian Metaphysics" (p.188) says the exact opposite, and classes the argument along with "ontological proofs, which are based purely on his analytic specification of this concept". His reading is based on Avicenna's distinction between being and existence (not unlike Anselm's existence in mind and existence in reality). Avicenna's being "is more determinable and more extensive than both 'existence' and 'essence'", and so he can posit the the "necessarily existent" initially as only being, which then, due to "necessarily", must also be existent. Johnson in Ibn Sinā's Fourth Ontological Argument for God's Existence takes an intermediate position of classing the argument as cosmological overall, but containing an ontological aspect. Mayer's surmise shows that classification attempts are even more hopeless: Agent intellect is the faculty that mediates between concrete things and abstract concepts. Avicenna and Aquinas represented opposite positions on its nature, and we do not know which position is closer to the truth even today, although the issues are phrased very differently of course. In philosophy specifically, Einstein's contributions were to fully expose the unphysical character of Newton's absolute space (and ether as its reification), and later of space, spacetime and spacetime points in general, clarify Mach's vague ideas about its relational nature and derive consequences of that for physical theories (general covariance), but to reject Mach's and Poincaré's fictionalism and conventionalism about physics and geometry overall. In this he acted as an heir to science oriented Kantian creed of Helmholtz and neo-Kantians. The latter and logical positivists, especially Cassirer and Reichenbach, made changes to the doctrines of space, time, and empirical knowledge more broadly, specifically to account for changes introduced by relativity. In Hacker's own words, "what someone means or intends by a remark can be grasped even though the sentence uttered is strictly speaking nonsense... there are, according to the author of the Tractatus, ineffable truths that can be apprehended." However, Wittgenstein's own remarks in the Tractatus and afterwards undermine the idea that he would accept that there are such things as "ineffable truths" or "nonsensical arguments". The resolute reading, put forth e.g. by Conant, and shared by Kuusela himself (with some amendments), goes like this: Wittgenstein's own retrospect of the book is rather ambivalent, see Kuusela's Development of Wittgenstein’s Philosophy for a review. In a 1936 manuscript he writes "Language is much more complex than logicians and the author of the Tract. Log. Phil. have imagined", and in the preface to Philosophical Investigations admits that he was "forced to recognize grave mistakes in what [he] wrote in that early book". But, on the other hand, he says that Philosophical Investigations "could be seen in the right light only by contrast with and against the background of my old way of thinking". In many ways Einstein's reception of empiricist and Kantian ideas (mainly through Mach and Poincaré) shaped subsequent theory building in physics, and as a result philosophizing about science in positivism and in post-positivism. Relativity as "the last classical theory" is a modern anachronism with a benefit of hindsight and relative privation to later issues in quantum mechanics. Lorentz, Poincaré, etc., saw it differently at the time. In other words, on this reading there are no ineffable truths hinted at by nonsense, there is only confusion as to what sentences of certain type express. And it is not that something "there" is beyond expression, but trivially there is no "there" there to express. And the concept-script of the Tractatus is supposed to transition us into a new language where the offending sentences are not even utterable (the place where the "ladder" leads). Carnap will later be far more direct, and aggressive, on this in Elimination of Metaphysics, where he characterizes "metaphysics" as "meaningless". But it is his directness that got him in trouble, for it was pointed out to him that his critique of metaphysics is itself "metaphysical" in his own sense, and therefore meaningless. Perhaps, Wittgenstein knew better: I am not as interested in if the work was actually influential or widely read, but if it was considered to be influential and widely read. However, knowledge of the first can inform the second. Notes After translating the works, it seems that Ficino commented on several dialogues like Parmenides, Sophist, Philebus, Timaeus, Phaedrus and (only) part of the Republic (the confusing numerology from 546a-e). Although he also uses some imagery from the Republic, like the cave, it seems to be mostly coming through engaging with Plotinus and not Plato's Republic directly. Today, the Republic is often considered to be Plato's best known and most influential work. Some even consider it as one of the best known and most influential works of all of philosophy; at least it is a contender for this populist view. However, during the Medieval ages, it was largely lost to Western Europe, and part of the Timaeus was the only Platonic work available before the 12th century (when the Meno and the Phaedo were translated, but not widely read). Except for this, Plato's works were unavailable to the Latindom until the Renaissance when Marsilio Ficino translated the complete works of Plato in the late 15th century (see also note [1]). It would seem that the Republic was at-least mildly important for the ancients, given that people like Zeno (founder of Stoicism) wrote book-length responses. However, I don't know how much response other dialogues by Plato had garnered, so this is not convincing evidence for me.