It's normal in most societies to expect a 20 year old man to pull his own weight. Many expect a 20 yr old to be out of the house by now (except, perhaps, during summer breaks if attending university). You should have no guilt (i.e. you're not the bad guy) in expecting the same of your son. After the screaming and the tears die down, let them know it's all a fabrication, but that is what some girls' lives are really like, and that's a real cause for disappointment, not a 91 on a Spanish test in a class in which you're getting an A, or a lot of other things your mom is disappointed about. Unfortunately, the parents have played a role in this. In the self-esteem movement, Parents and schools determined every kid would feel special, regardless of what they did, which meant they began hearing remarks like: She's a runaway; it's not relevant at this moment in time for you to try to determine how much abuse is enough to merit removal from her home. She's made the decision for everybody. Plenty of people grow apart, and if he is unkind to her, she has the right to distance herself from him, or block him from her life. It would be kind if she did send him a short explanation so he will understand how he has offended her, and has the opportunity to learn that not everyone appreciates his communication methods. She seems to have common sense as well as kindness, so let her do so, but support her in side-stepping the drama that might potentially follow, i.e. support her in her setting of boundaries with this boy. You seem to know this is your mom's problem, and what you're suffering is its side effects, so that's great for you. The point is, it is a problem, and it's not really about you. Your mom needs help, and likely it will involve a professional, as she most likely will not/cannot give due weight/consideration to anything you say to her in an attempt to get her to change. Of course, you can just recognize this is not really about you and suffer her comments, but this will get worse - a lot worse - before it gets better, because your teens involve distancing yourself from your parents (expressing differing opinions from theirs) in anticipation of healthy independence, and if she doesn't change, the "disappointment" will get worse. So I wouldn't recommend this as an option. This is your son and his life, and you get to choose what to do, but you are not helping him to become a successful adult, and that's a big part of your job. When will you give him a chance (also known as lighting a fire under his tush) to learn to live without you, to eat, cook, clean, take responsibility, with a uni degree and a job? TL;DR: You are not the bad guy; it's time for him to start building up strength to fly on his own. Although her sexuality should have nothing to do with this decision, it's possible that your daughter thinks the available pool of romantic possibilities is limited by her homosexuality, and it probably is. At 14, though, romance should still be some years away. In this age of Skype/Facetime/etc., she can see her friend, but I would think she should be concentrating at least as much on friendships (and school/other activities). I can't speak for many parents, but I do have experience with a few parents who had such an unhealthy relationship with their child that they made people who tried to help into enemies. That's not a normal response to your child running away; it's an extremely controlling one. We were duped. Almost everyone was duped. For more recent studies have shown that when a child is complimented insincerely, or on things they cannot control (how do you stay awesome/smart/gifted/super? By never taking the chance of proving people wrong by trying new things!), but research is now indicating this method has unintended consequences: we actually decrease their confidence in themselves and decrease their willingness to risk and fail. I'm not talking about the more familiar "Outward Bound" type programs, or sloppy programs thrown together to make a buck (where there has been teen-abuse and even some deaths); I'm referring to true wilderness therapy programs as discussed in this article from the American Psychological Association webpage discussing the rationale: Edited for update: You sound like a really lovely mom, the kind of mom a lot of us would have loved to have had, and it's clear that you love your son very much. This is so important for someone who feels overwhelmed and doesn't have a lot of friends or self confidence. Your continued love is very necessary for his well being. Life isn't black or white, yes or no; it's a thousand paths of grey. Stop expecting him to fail if you push him. He might end up soaring one day. You have a lot of thinking to do here. Please, for your son's sake, change your expectations of him. He won't and probably can't do it for himself. And if he drops out of uni, he can always go back. If you think he's depressed or anxious, have him see a therapist, but move forward. As with any life threatening situation, get him to a specialist. If he has not been in counseling, ask your pediatrician for the name of some adolescent therapists who deal in drugs and addiction, and make an appointment immediately. While he's still young, you have some control over his movements and his environment.