Based on the followup comments by the OP, this appears to be where the idea came from. What Calmet is actually saying is that some scholars attribute the advent idolatry based on a passage in Porphyry's writing which itself apparently quotes someone know as "Sanchoniathon". Porphyry (Latin Porphyrius) was a pagan philosopher and vocal opponent of Christianity in the late third century. Calmet, however, basically calls the idea nonsense made up by Porphyry. 

Attitudes on birthdays In the early church, birthdays (in general) were not seen as something to celebrate. For example, in Origen's 8th homily on Leviticus he writes: 

it is certain that most of his [Abraham's] forefathers having died in idolatry are deprived of eternal happiness. 

And in commentary on chapter 15, he says: 

This appears to represent Calmut's view. A bit later in the same essay, there is a paragraph on Ham: 

According to an article by Andrew McGowan (Bible Review, December 2002; republished by the Biblical Archaeology Society), this is "a strong indication that Jesus’ birth was not marked with similar festivities at that place and time [early third century]." 

Epiphanes puts the origin of idolatry under Serag. The first idols were not, he said, than just paintings. Terah, father of Abraham introduced the use of figurines of metal, wooden, and stones. The Scripture tells us that Terah worshiped idols, as we show here after but we have no certain proof that neither he nor Sarug invented that pernicious custom. 

In this case, the term describes an outpouring of the Holy Spirit from a Charismatic point of view. The Toronto Blessing consisted of signs accepted by Charismatics as evidence of the Holy Spirit's blessing, including: 

I agree with the other answers that state that the Inquisition is a stain and an evil that should never have happened. None of what I'm posting here should be taken in any way that detracts from @James Black's answer, or @Apocatastasis. I'm merely listing some impacts not listed in their answers. 

Since the Reformation was as much about rebelling against abuses by the Church (See several of the points, including but not limited to #10, 24, 27... here) as it was about differences in doctrine, you might be able to argue that the widespread existence of protestant denominations is at least partially due to the Inquisition. Certainly, Church-sponsored torture and murder of those who simply believe differently are examples of corruption and abuse of power. If not a direct cause, the Inquisitions certainly would have added fuel to the fire. 

The Toronto Airport Christian Fellowship claims that this continues, and Churches across the globe claim similar events to this day. The Toronto Airport Christian fellowship changed their name, and of course, they have a website (apparently with video of these events), so that you can see it from their perspective. 

I'm addressing all of the inquisitions, not merely the Spanish Inquisition here. Several were perpetrated by kings, not the Catholic Church. 

These events drew controversy, of course, centered around the usual arguments over the Charismatic definition of "Gifts of the Spirit" with one side claiming that this was clear evidence of God's hand at work, and others claiming that it's self-centered, emotionalism, demonic, and all of the other charges that Churches that don't believe in these charismatic gifts. 

The Toronto Blessing is described as a "Revival". The term "revival" means different things to different denominations, and can even mean the different things within a denomination. 

A cadre of anti-theists, who object to Christianity, among other reasons, on the basis of the fact that the Inquisition happened. Examples: 1 2 A rise in atheism, anti-theism, antireligion, and other beliefs based on the assumption that since the Inquisition(s) were perpetrated by "Christians" that Christianity supports such atrocities. (see previous references) Christians that are stronger in their views of the importance of God's commandment to love our neighbors (and our enemies) because we have such a stellar (if horrific) example of how not to treat those who disagree with us. examples: 1 2 Christians and non-Christians alike that are better educated and on guard against such abuses, because as long as human nature is what it it, it could happen again if we're not vigilant. example: 1 Also, if my understanding of the history and timelines is correct, then at least some of the Inquisitions happened before or during the Protestant Reformation.