The Illustris article refers to Jones, A.H.M., The Later Roman Empire 284-602, A Social, Economic, and Administrative Survey (Oxford: Blackwell, 1964, repr. Johns Hopkins UP, 1986) which is a famous work and probably has all the information you need. Anyway, the guy you have in mind is likely to be Publius Clodius Pulcher who had a notorious gang of slaves at his beck and call. Here is Plutarchus telling us about his conduct in his biography of Cicero: Btw, It is instructive to note that Cicero approved of his own supporter, T. Annius Milo who had a gang of apparently the same kind but ranged in the service of the conservative party - in Cicero's telling it sounds like a high-minded civic organization.... P.P.S. Welcome and +1 for the question. There is at least one modern historian (V.N.Parfenov) who wrote an interesting monograph claiming that Augustus was indeed planning world conquest but backed out of it after the Teutoburg debacle. Of course this planning was predicated on a very faulty knowledge of geography, if it took place at all. P.S. Note that the titles shifted meanings over a centuries and often what had been a very high rank would become an almost entry-level designation a few centuries later. In view of (2) I don't quite see how the conquests "doomed" Rome. (Though there is a point to be made here about Roman incursions being the consolidating factor for tribal confederations - a big complex issue). This page goes into detail and cites many primary sources. Banking existed in the era of the Romans and earlier. In ancient Greece and Asia Minor temples served as a sanctuary where individuals could make deposits for safekeeping. This practice continued with the Romans (see this article titled "Temple Banking In Rome"). For instance, the Temple of Artemis in Ephesus was the largest depository in Asia and served as a depository for Aristotle, Caesar, Dio Chrysostom, Plautus, Plutarch, Strabo, and Xenophon. The Temple of Saturn in Rome housed the aerarium (public treasury). During the imperial period the Temple of Castor and Pollux in Rome was a depository for the State treasury. There were two types of deposits that could be made with an argentarius (singular form of argentarii). A depositum did not pay interest and was simply a way for the owner to give someone else the responsibility of keeping it safe. The argentarius would not use a depositum in attempt to make money off it. A creditum paid interest to the owner and allowed the argentarius to attempt to profit from the creditum. There were also public bankers, known as mensarii, who were appointed by the Roman government to loan out money in times of distress, with the first time being 352 B.C. I mention them because a class of the mensarii, the mensularii or nummularii (probably an inferior rank since mensularii is formed from a diminutive), seem to have been permanent state employees that private individuals may have deposited money with.