Jesus' poignant and loud cry from the cross (his fourth "word" from the cross) was 

Will, or volition, is the third aspect of Imago Dei in the human species. God has invested in the human species the ability to decide, to choose, to make decisions. We are, in a sense, free moral agents within the parameters God set for us. We cannot decide to violate the laws of gravity and physics with impunity, of course, but outside the natural laws, God gives us a great deal of latitude in what the Bible calls the law of "reaping and sowing." 

We, with God's enablement, can break the negative aspects of volition by surrendering and yielding our entire beings to God in a spiritual service of worship (Romans 12:1 ff.). Instead of becoming robots thereby, we become all that God meant us to be before our fall into sin. 

And the men of Judah His delightful plant. 

I recommend you read Jesus' parable of the talents in Matthew 25:14-30. 

My point is this: John--and perhaps the other disciples--did not realize at the time he registered his opinion about the "interloper" who was casting out demons in Jesus' name that Jesus' compassionate heart had room for outsiders and interlopers, such as the Samaritan woman at the well, and also the Syro-Phoenician woman whose daughter was plagued by a demon: 

In conclusion, the people to whom Jesus reached out may not have fit the mold of "disciple material" which was in John's (and others') mind, but then Jesus was not big on molds. Jesus was more interested in people's hearts, and he was an equal opportunity Savior, Healer, and Lord, and not just to "the lost sheep of the house of Israel." 

I suggest the preternatural darkness which enveloped the land surrounding the cross for three hours starting at noon, bore silent but eloquent witness to the darkness which enveloped Jesus' spirit, soul, and body while he was bearing away the sin of the world (John 1:29 and 36). 

Abraham (and Sarah, for that matter) was certainly reaping what he had sown. He had inadvisably listened to his wife in the matter of having a son by Hagar, Sarah's Egyptian maid/slave, and the conflict which ensued was both unnecessary and obviously preventable. As the young people say nowadays, however, "it is what it is."