Since you asked, "or should I do something completely different" I'm going to offer the idea of no longer using time outs and instead figure out consequences that fit or natural consequences. I never used time-outs so this is the best idea I can offer. 

The first step is to recognize your child is at a developmental stage that includes learning how she has a certain amount of sway over the others in her life - this is what the "game" really is. Know that this too, shall pass. The second step is to avoid over-use of the word, "no." yes you need to say no sometimes, but you should reserve use of the word no for the most egregious or safety-related things and say it with a tone that lets her know you are serious. There are replacements for the word "no," like "wait," "stop," and "first." that can be used when and where appropriate for those in the middle issues. Lastly, accompany the word "no" with an action. The action does not need to be a punishment and should be done gently smoothly without jerking, or any other motion that might be painful for the little one. The objective is to move her away from danger (cause and effect is a new concept that is just now beginning to enter her experience, time outs, slaps, and other such things will only create confusion and fear. Instead, your action can be to grab and hold her hand, move her away from the item about which she is curious while you distract her with something else, strap her in the stroller (if she is running away from you while shopping or something) and other occasion-appropriate types of actions. Explain your actions concisely while you perform them. For example, "It is safer for you to stay with mommy right now." 

Aesop's Fables - yes, this includes things like, "The Crow and the Pitcher," "Androcles and the Lion," and "the Tortoise and the Hare." But is still full of wisdom presented in stories your kids will enjoy hearing you read to them and nuggets you may find helpful in guiding you as a parent too. Of course, I also use a lot of Bible stories with mine too. You might also try reading the book, "Hands are Not for Hitting" together. It is designed expressly for this purpose, is a board book, is simple and offers the child alternatives. 

There is a BIG difference between sticking up for yourself, and talking back. Sticking up for yourself uses "I" language. At two he probably doesn't fully get the concepts regarding apologizing. At this point it is only a habit he does because you taught him to. At his age, he is testing the limits of his control. He is finding out what you can enforce and what you can't. 

I've consistently and patiently reminded her - and don't clean it up for her. 

These same cousins have also broken a brand new toy and chopped the hair off a brand new barbie doll that was a gift. When confronted, the mother's response? "Well, she'll never notice anyway, its not like it was a favorite toy or something." 

A part of this question is also, how reasonable is it for me to expect my seven year old to be able to express what my rules are for her, remember them and follow them? The kids are all six, seven and eight (two eight year olds), mine is currently seven.