Also, under the full faith and credit clause of the United States constitution, an entity formed in one state must be recognized in other U.S. states as well. For example, even if your business is located entirely in Ohio, you can incorporate in Nevada or Delaware and be subject to that state's laws regarding the internal affairs and ownership rules for an entity rather than the laws of Ohio. (5) Social classes exist in societies organized as "chiefdoms" which often lack private ownership of productive resources and instead have collectively owned productive resources. To a great extent it depends on what the money is spent upon instead. Dollars spent on military procurement (e.g. new aircraft carriers, fighter jets, missiles and tanks) goes to defense contractors who create relatively few jobs per dollar spent and that spending has relatively low "multipliers" in the economy because the end product does not itself produce anything that contributes to the economy (except, of course, by preventing armed hostiles from invading a la the Vikings and screwing everything up, which is, of course, the primary reason we spend money on defense). There were 4,257,909 S corporations who had to report their shareholders to the IRS. (4) Social classes exist in hunter-gatherer societies that do not have significant private property. From an economic perspective, the lion's share (perhaps 90%+) of C corporations measured by revenues, income, assets, employees, or corporate taxes paid are publicly held companies that have to disclose their ownership structure in any case to a great extent under the securities laws (although disclosing the ownership structure of C-corporations that don't pay dividends isn't that important from a tax collection perspective because those corporations pay income tax at the entity level rather than the ownership level). History and sociology tells us that social classes predominantly arise from the scale of communities (i.e. how many people are involved in a particular community) and from the division of labor, and not from private ownership of productive resources. To the extent that any political theory says otherwise, it is empirically wrong. There were about 1.6 million C corporations in the U.S., a category that does not have to report beneficial ownership to the IRS unless dividends are paid in the current year. About 1% of these are publicly held companies that make of the predominant economic share of the total. Only 819,000 of them have any taxable income (most of those without taxable income pay their taxable income to a shareholder-employee as a bonus each year which is reported to the IRS as wage and salary income), and all but about 200,000 either have no income tax due as a consequence of tax credits (with the balance paid as compensation to shareholder-employees in most cases), or have income that is due only in lower tax brackets for small corporations that are lower than the tax brackets for publicly held companies and individual income earners. Disclosure At The State Level In the U.S. system of federalism, the laws related to the formation and organization of business entities and trusts is governed primarily by state law, rather than federal law. Disclosure At The Federal Level Notably, this trend is not seen at the federal level, which regulates all entities for the limited purpose of tax law, and regulates disclosure requirements pertinent to publicly held companies and disclosure requirements for entities that file lawsuits in federal courts. This does leave the question of, why are non-medicare Americans who have unhealthy habits, like the asker, penalised for a second time at the point where they do the right thing in seeking medical attention when they show signs of being unwell (or in preparing for such an eventuality with insurance), when they've already paid once through taxes? US smokers are taxed when they buy packs, at the state, federal and sometimes municipal levels; and there are similar liquor taxes, etc. These all are applied at the point the health-damaging behaviour is initiated, and there's plentiful evidence from many worldwide studies that, depending on how these taxes are applied, they do in fact reduce things like smoking rates, particularly among younger people. Here's one such example among many from 2011 (this is disputed by the tobacco industry and its affiliated researchers and think-tanks, obviously, but the evidence is strong). For illegal drugs, obviously they're illegal - mere ownership is penalised (in some states, very strongly). Actually, the tax code does already penalise people with poor health habits. But it punishes them at the point of consumption - when they are actually doing the 'wrong thing' by following unhealthy behaviour. It doesn't penalise or discourage them at the point when they do the right thing by seeking medical help when it is needed. According to the OECD, in The Netherlands, public debt is 78% of GDP and private household debt is 277% of GDP. Eurozone rules require a budget deficit of no more than 3% (not sure if this depends on economic growth or inflation). The previous Dutch government was praised by some for reducing the public debt. At the same time, private debt was growing. Therefore, Most of them support the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Perhaps quietly so. The Trans-Pacific Partnership is a proposed (free?) trade agreement heralded by big business. Other people have pointed out wealth can also be stored in paintings and wine bottles. This is true, although this kind of wealth may not generate income, unlike savings accounts or stock investments, that are easier to measure than less liquid ways of storing wealth. For example, in The Netherlands, the tax office assumes investments return 4% of their value, and this is then taxed at 30%. Effectively, this is a 1.2% wealth tax. If you put more than a minimum amount of money in a savings account, this will be taxed. And effectively, it does depend on income, because in a capitalist system, individuals and organisations who have more wealth can (and typically do) use this wealth to acquire more income.