If a person chooses to live without these two key ethical aspects, it is as if he has chosen to live without the knowledge of what is right or wrong. This kind of person can niether become a Muslim, nor a Christian, nor a Jew, nor a follower of any other religion. Not just limited to the religions, if a person refuses to know what is Halaal or Haraam (right or wrong), he will niether become a good citizen, nor a good father, nor a good mother, nor any other responsible person. He will become someone who has nothing to do with this world and with whom the world has nothing to do. 

Should we protect it from contact with our feet, etc.? 

Let me start with an example. Just because Heroin and Cocaine weren't there at the time of Prophet(pbuh), it doesn't mean it isn't covered by Shari'ah. Since they too turn the people insane just like alcohol, they are automatically condemned. 

Or should we not bother about this as it is at the end a collection of bits (0's and 1's)? 

So ultimately it doesn't matter whether the music comes from real instruments or virtual instruments (softwares). Only thing matters is the music which is condemned (haraam). 

But whoever is forced [by necessity], neither desiring [it] nor transgressing [its limit], there is no sin upon him.: flesh of swine is indeed pork. You are forbidden from pork unless it is absolutely necessary, and you hate it and eat just to a limit and to save yourself from hunger and not to fill your stomach. Allah is Forgiving and Merciful: Allah forgives what you do in ignorance and unknowingly. 

And verily, Allah knows best... 

Is it permissible to walk in to impure places like Toilets with the gadget inside our pockets? 

“People among my nation will drink wine, calling it by another name, and musical instruments will be played for them and singing girls (will sing for them). Allah will cause the earth to swallow them up, and will turn them into monkeys and pigs.” 

Can a Muslim make any decisions on their own? By 'decisions', I assume that you are asking about the halaal-haraam decisions. A simple answer is YES, The human race is set free to decide whatever they want. But again, you are answerable for your decisions: