Okay, maybe I should revise the question a bit. What process should a writer go through when deciding whether to write Single POV or Multiple? (Is that more answer-able?) I realize that it's impossible to answer that question without knowing the details of my story, but I'm hunting for some sort of framework for my thoughts, so: in general, when is it advisable to stick with a single POV character, and when does it make sense to branch out? ETA: The novel in question is looking like it'll be a Paranormal Romance. So my decision is whether to write from just the female POV or throw the male POV in as well. If it was a straight-up Romance, the decision would be easier - which choice would best allow me to make readers care about the characters and want them to be together? Which choice would establish tension about whether or not they will be able to overcome the obstacles that face them? But throwing the paranormal plot in makes it trickier. I want the characters to be suspicious of each other, and maybe I want the reader to be unsure, as well... ETA: Edited to add more italics!!! The meaning needs to come from the context, and the interpretation of the reader. Sorry! I'm starting to look at my next novel, and I'm trying to decide whether I should tell it from one POV or two. I've used both techniques in the past, so I'm aware of the basic advantages/disadvantages, but I'm still having trouble deciding which is best for the story I want to tell. "Open another quotation, start a new paragraph and keep writing. You can do it as many times as you wish. When you are done with that person talking, close the quotation." To add to a number of a very good points, already brought up here, consider this: As Lauren pointed out, you have more than one question in your post. I will take a stab at one of them before the whole thing gets off-topic-ed. If you consciously approach this from the point of view of unreliable narrator, you might just provide yourself with a potent delivery mechanism for your story, without utterly compromising the genre of your writing. You decide, if you let your reader to figure out that the mirror-mirror-on-the-wall is actually a tablet with Retina screen, or not--it is entirely up to you. Yes. The common punctuation (in American English) is: Mixing genres to me is entirely appropriate. In fact, I cannot point out a work of strictly Fantasy, which would not contain elements of Romance, Mystery, Adventure, and so on. It is the balance which makes your recipe unique. ETA: The novel in question is looking like it'll be a Paranormal Romance. So my decision is whether to write from just the female POV or throw the male POV in as well. If it was a straight-up Romance, the decision would be easier - which choice would best allow me to make readers care about the characters and want them to be together? Which choice would establish tension about whether or not they will be able to overcome the obstacles that face them? But throwing the paranormal plot in makes it trickier. I want the characters to be suspicious of each other, and maybe I want the reader to be unsure, as well... Okay, maybe I should revise the question a bit. What process should a writer go through when deciding whether to write Single POV or Multiple? (Is that more answer-able?) I realize that it's impossible to answer that question without knowing the details of my story, but I'm hunting for some sort of framework for my thoughts, so: in general, when is it advisable to stick with a single POV character, and when does it make sense to branch out?