Almost by definition, the idea of an absolute monarchy presupposes that the distinction between what's legal and what the king wants is murky so the whole question feels anachronistic in several ways. Many features of our thinking about criminal justice were only formalised or generalised later. That includes the Nullum crimen, nulla pœna sine lege principle, i.e. the notion that crimes and punishments must be defined explicitly in the law, and much thinking about the hierarchy of norms and legality. Article 33 of the same law provides that such insults carry 

There used to be separate provisions punishing insults against foreign head of states and against France's own president but as of 2015 those are not part of the law anymore. Insults against the French president could still be punished using the article protecting other public figures. 

A curiosity is Alsace-Moselle (the region in the east of France that was German between 1871 and 1918). It still retains a number of specific laws (“droit local”) enacted by the German Empire and never abolished in France, including a provision punishing “blasphemy” (see franceinfo.fr and lalsace.fr). This law is still on the books but it's basically obsolete and has not been used recently to my knowledge. 

If all states are happy to leave it alone and to go above and beyond the standard set by the constitution and the supreme court, you would expect the rules to be broadly similar and constitutional law to be less relevant. 

And it's not the first time the ECHR delivers a decision like this one, it needs to walk a fine line between aggressive secularism and religious freedom as there are significant differences between European countries on these issues. Generally speaking, the Bill of Rights and many other similar texts (including international human rights treaties) mostly define a baseline but do not prevent states to go further. They are not aiming at convergence, only at protecting basic rights that no jurisdiction should infringe. In this context, it's difficult to see the monarch ordering someone to rob a bank and people wondering about the “legality” of the whole thing. Incidentally, instead of ordering a robbery, the king could also simply use his powers to dispose of and dispossess powerful opponents and give their wealth to someone else. And yes, he could have someone killed without relying on some written law or special court. Except perhaps in extremely repressive regimes (the former German Democratic Republic?), watching foreign TV is not forbidden per se (although some countries regulate satellite reception equipment…). Rebroadcasting (say with your Raspberry Pi) or using techniques to evade restrictions might be different. 

In its most basic sense, freedom of speech is about the government not jailing people for having said/written/published something. Depending on the country, common restrictions include libel, slander, laws protecting classified material, hate speech, threats, copyright, indecency, insults especially against officers of the law, etc. 

It seems the answers posted so far fail to fully explain how these laws really work. Taking France as an example: On a related note, the European Convention on Human Rights has 18 articles and a few protocols but a handful of them (right to liberty and security, prohibition against inhumane and degrading treatment) account for most of the cases in front of the Strasbourg court. Some articles are practically never invoked (right to marry, prohibition of slavery, no punishment without law) because those principles are narrower and not really threatened anywhere in Europe.