It was narrated from Abu Hurairah that the Messenger of Allah(ﷺ) said: "Allah is Gentle and loves gentleness, and He grants reward for it that He does not grant for harshness." This hadith or better narration isn't from Musnad al-Imam Ahamd ibn Hanbal! No part of it could be found in any sahih book therefore this hadith or narration (must have/ or) has been fabricated (My own translation, take it with the necessary care!) - - - And our Messenger used to say: "Will not please..." comes here with the meaning "isn't that enough honoring to ask the believers to..." or "Isn't that high esteem or respect to ask the believers to ..." About Verse (29:38) ibn 'Ashoor said that this Verse explicitly neglected the writing and reading/recitation to show and clear any possible doubt that the Messenger of Allah (Peace be upon him) was illiterate! And statements from the Quran like (56:63-64) A first look into the presented verses Note on the hadith you quoted before editing: As at the end of the hadith you may read: No object is mentioned for the verb “read” (or “recite”), either because it came in the form of an intransitive verb; or it was because what was to be read or recited was clear from the context, and what was meant was: recite what We are going to send down to you of the Qur’an. " In fact the ruling for a prisoner of war is different as you can clearly read in this Hadith and also here in Sunan abi Dawud which is also supported by same or similar narrations in al-Mustadrak of al-Hakim and Musnad al-Imam Ahmad (see also here in Arabic). You are referring to this hadith from sahih al-Bukahri. Two major scholars have qualified this hadith as dai'f: Sheikh Shoayb al-Arnaout in his examination of Musnad Ahmad and Sheikh Hussayn Salem Assad in his examination of Musnad abi Ya'la. (See also this thread in Arabic on the matter) Maybe helpful a fatwa discussing whether Quran was revealed at once or gradually. Therefore Imam al-Busiri described the Prophet () in his peom the hamziyah as follows: Let's try to take a look at the three verses presented: and from other ahadith for example here where the Prophet (peace be upon him) ask for a scribe to write some new revelation, here where it's said not to travel to the land of enemies with a Quran (=Mushaf), here where Zaid ibn Thabit (May Allah be pleased with him) describes how or more exactly where the Quran was written and finally this hadith in which our Messenger (peace be upon him) ask the sahaba not take down anything from him except the Quran, so our Messenger (peace be upon him) used to dictate the new revelations and some sahaba who could write where his scribes and they used any clean object like leather, bones etc. to write on it and therefore some Quran fragments have already existed during his lifetime, and this are those which Zaid ibn Thabit (may Allah be pleased with him) collected during the reign of Abu Bakr (may Allah be pleased with him)! But as a conclusion: I only could find the Hadith you mentioned on websites against Islam pretending either it comes from Musnad Ahmad ibn Hanbal without any other Information (like Narrator, Hadith#) or from some Shia'a books. The only muslim version could only be found in a commentary of a scholar (al-Manawi) without any background or reference, where he also pretends that the addition "he sucked the tongue" is in Sunan abi Dawod, as i could proof this addition is a reason for many scholars to consider the Hadith -which is not quoting Fatima (May Allah be pleased with her) at all- to be weak! An other search result was this Fatwa which indicates a related hadith which tells us what the Messenger of Allah (peace be upon him) -apparently- has dictated or told them this was narrated by Said ibn Jubair in sahih Muslim and sahih al-Bukhari and here. So scholars who support the dictation option see this hadith as a support for their claim! We could say that the above quoted points are facts, that one would hardly find any rejection for!