Joseph compared it to the raising of children. In some circumstances, a parent may punish a child for eating an apple (if it were stolen), but allow it in other circumstances (if it had been given to them). That may seen inconsistent to a young child, but eventually they will learn and understand. This is a difficult question to answer. If you asked "What is source of gravity?", what would the answer be? Matter? Matter has gravity. This is a reference to Joseph Smith Jr., the first prophet of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 

Consider any reason a Christian would worship God: 

A prophet named Joseph, whose father is named Joseph, will (has) come as Moses to convince Israel of God's word. 

Alma 42 explains the necessity of Jesus's sacrifice for sin, to satisfy justice while offering mercy: 

What, do ye suppose that mercy can rob justice? I say unto you, Nay; not one whit. If so, God would cease to be God. 

And while that particular name is never mentioned in either the Bible or the Book of Mormon, both teach that God's throne is the heavens. 

Another gender-based order (this time, in reverse) that is common in some places is for men to give the invocation, and women to give the benediction -- thus allowing women get the last last word ;) 

There are a number of reasons you could name. Food storage The LDS Church used to recommend two years. Now, they recommend three months plus "extended" food storage, when feasible. In addition to individual preparation, the LDS Church itself has orchards, farms, canneries, storehouses, and the largest cattle ranch in the US. It puts these to use in its welfare program, charities, and humanitarian aid services. One of the commenters asked what "Testament" means. From this, we see it means a witness, like a testimony. It just so happens that regular bread and water are more available and make for a simpler ceremony, especially considering that it's usually the young men in the church who prepare and administer that ordinance. 

12 For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ: 

No, according to the subtitle to The Book of Mormon, it is "Another Testament of Jesus Christ", not another gospel. 

A better answer would come from an actual LDS war veteran, but I would imagine that a Mormon in the military may participate in an available ceremony as a symbol of friendship, unity, and support with the rest his regiment. Although they may participate, Latter-day Saints maintain that ordinances are only authorized when exercised by the Priesthood of God, which is had His Church only (the LDS Church). That's not to say the ceremony by the non-LDS chaplain is not beneficial to the Latter-day Saint—it still provides him a blessed opportunity to worship with other Christians who share the same fundamental beliefs—it just is not binding in heaven. In fact, I think any decent member of the LDS Church would encourage, not disparage, participation in available Christian worship services. There are however practices that are not fully understood outside the church. Men and women cannot enter the Celestial Kingdom alone: The work they completed is daunting, much came from study, but a significant number of footnotes were the result of custom written programs by Stephen Howes of BYU. There was a lot more going on, but the short answer is; The priesthood was slowly lost as leaders died, unable to pass along all of their priesthood keys. These students ignorantly assume that they can beat the system by adhering to the letter of the law, assuming that the courts in heaven emulate courts of men. God's justice invokes the spirit of the law, there are no loopholes. Trinitarianism interprets this to mean one God with three personages. The fulness of the gospel defines this as the Godhead: 

It began with the deaths of the apostles. They held the keys to administer in the government of the Church, when they died, those higher priesthood keys were lost, but this did not mark the end of priesthood authority on Earth. The Churches that had been established by the apostles were still led by ordained priesthood holders, such as Linus, who was the bishop of the Church in Rome. These priesthood leaders continued to teach and preach, but without continued direction by revelation, the doctrines of men began to enter the Church. The addition of ceremony was one of the factors that contributed to leading the Church into Apostasy, simple worship services were (and in many cases still are) unusual to many people. Worshiping God was popularly associated with elaborately decorated halls, expensive robes, symbols, and ceremonies. Without inspired direction from the head of the church, these things crept into Christian worship services.