No, you cannot use special abilities of units garrisoned inside a bunker, with the exception of stim packs. It's not even possible to individually- or group- select the units inside, though you can direct their fire by right-clicking. After doing some brief experimentation, it looks to me as if the attack type actually depends on the attacking unit. The Thor, for example, will always use its ground attack. Here's a table of what attack is used for each unit (I've only listed units that have different ground and air attack): The Baneling bust is a lot less useful against front doors made from higher-HP buildings, like gateways or barracks. According to the in-game tooltip, the official site, and practically every other source the duration of the Viking's transform ability is 3 seconds (either from ground to air or air to ground). However, when transforming a large group of vikings it seems that they don't all finish the transformation at precisely the same instant. I know some players prefer to hallucinate probes when looking for enemy expansions. Inferior to the phoenix, perhaps, but as you can create 4 from one cast you can send each to a different area to check it out. If a target leaves the Thor's range during the preparation stage, the Thor will pursue it (if it is able to) and then start the preparation mode again. In that case it behaves as if you just activated the ability beyond its range, and in a similar fashion to other targeted abilities. You are right, there is a limit to the amount of cash you can make during the campaign, so in theory you need multiple play-throughs to get all the armory achievements. I've been playing the SC2 "Star Battle" custom map, and have had a hard time understanding how the force field really works. From the wiki: I've read that this divergence is simply created by them moving a little before starting the transformation, for spacing, but upon testing it behaves the same even if I space them in advance. Besides, it happens in the ground to air transformation as well, which doesn't really have any positioning issues. Looks like it isn't possible, you have to have a battle.net account prior to buying a digital copy, but you cannot buy a digital copy for another battle.net account and you cannot buy a digital copy if you already own StarCraft 2. Finally, while using hallucinations solely for scouting may seem like a waste of the research costs, hallucination is actually an underestimated but useful ability. Besides scouting, good uses of hallucinations include: They might be fragile (hallucinations take x2 damage) but they're as fast as any other phoenix and they only cost energy, not resources. You can get them decently fast, faster than the earliest possible observer, and this method can remain effective later on. According to a post by a Blizzard employee, you might be able to play with your friends no matter where they are: Two mules can't mine from the same patch, by the way.