Source: http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/all+kinds+of So my question is, if all relaxants and intoxicants are not forbidden, which types are not forbidden? i.e. which relaxants and intoxicants were not forbidden by the prophet of islam and/or God when the prophet of islam was alive? I have 2 questions about the intention one should make when giving sadaqah, and hope someone here knows the answer. I may have misunderstood the fatwa, so please read it carefully yourself. Here are some definitions from Google search: (c) A basket (group) of similar products These 2 sections of the Quran to me seem to be saying that when it's time for worship, worship! When it's time to work, work! Work could possibly be considered a type of worship if your have the correct intention. However, I'm no scholar, so you should probably get this clarified by someone more reputable. (d) Another, more stable currency Languor: The state or feeling, often pleasant, of tiredness or inertia English translation of the Quran by Muhsin Khan I say this because according to the dictionary, all kinds of roughly means the same thing as all manner of or all sorts of: Source: http://islamqa.info/en/115761 A YouTube video by Shawana A. Aziz (The Striving Muslimah) says to use musk if it's available. If it's not available, use perfume, and if it's not available use soaps, etc., or just plain water. She says "...but if perfume is available and you still don't use it, then it is makruh". Part of the motivation behind this question is recently being "corrected" for praying Hanafi style in a Tunis mosque, which I believe predominately follows the Maliki madhhab. I know she meant well, but it's something I'd rather avoid happening again. I want to just fit in and worship Allah without such issues arising. I'm seeking beginner-level ("do this and you'll be fine") instructions for being able to pray in Iranian mosques without complications. I want to stay away from the Shia-Sunni politics. I didn't find a fatwa which addresses whether or not synthetic musk is acceptable, but given that it was regarded as non-compulsory and that soap is considered as a suitable alternative, it seems reasonable to think that synthetic musk would also be suitable. I don't want to be unfriendly nor disrespectful, nor obstinate in religious matters. It seems like I could mentally replace "Christ" with "God", which seems like it would make the passage Muslim appropriate. Alternatively, I could say something like "in the name of God" (basically Bismillah in English), which would probably be not too off-putting. Question: How can a new Muslim fit in when praying in a mosque in Iran? There's an implication of shirk in this passage, which is obviously unacceptable in Islam. Fatawa indicate it's recommended, but don't say it's compulsory: In my experience, ordinarily the host (or one of the hosts) will stand up and say grace, while the remaining people bow their heads and remain silent. I learned to pray Hanafi, Sunni style, although it's now a hodge-podge of different styles. I have no strong preference just as long as I pray to Allah. I only started praying less than a year ago, and my prayer is imperfect, but I've been improving over time. These 2 sections of the Quran to me seem to be saying that when it's time for worship, worship! When it's time to work, work! Work could possibly be considered a type of worship if your have the correct intention. However, I'm no scholar, so you should probably get this clarified by someone more reputable. Ineria: A tendency to do nothing or to remain unchanged I may have misunderstood the fatwa, so please read it carefully yourself. I have 2 questions about the intention one should make when giving sadaqah, and hope someone here knows the answer. So my question is, if all relaxants and intoxicants are not forbidden, which types are not forbidden? i.e. which relaxants and intoxicants were not forbidden by the prophet of islam and/or God when the prophet of islam was alive? English translation of the Quran by Muhsin Khan (c) A basket (group) of similar products Source: http://islamqa.info/en/115761 (d) Another, more stable currency In the event that inflation is expected at the time of signing the contract, the contract may be drawn up based on a currency or form of wealth other than that which is expected to fall, such as basing the contract on the following: Is there a recommended intention one should make when giving sadaqah? That all kinds of bit seems to tell me that many different types of intoxicants and relaxants were forbidden but not all. If it had said forbade ALL intoxicants and relaxants, that to mean would mean that absolutely ALL intoxicants and relaxants are forbidden. But the above hadith says all kinds of instead of all. Riba has the potential to corrupt a society in a way that zina and other crimes can never do. Many religious figures and philosophers have commented about the evil nature of usury (interest): An important distinction that earlier religious clerics understood was that money is a means of exchange. It is not meant in it of itself to be a source of income. "You can invest money by buying goods and products and selling them as a businessman. But when you loan money and make money off the money, you have perverted the purpose of money which is a means of exchange. And you have made it an end." [4] Today riba gives banks and the rich an incentive to lend money without fear of loss. Sequential years of banks lending/borrowing to the people helps stretch the gap between the rich and the poor. In the last few decades entire countries, governments and corporations have also gotten involved in riba on a massive scale. And we now live in a time where it's actually possible to see the aftermath dealing with Interest on a global scale. The global economy is collapsing and we have front row seats.