For over-sized bets, take the example of a bet of 200 into a 100 pot. When the human player is bluffing, the bot calls 50% of the time (loss of 200 for the human) and the bot folds 50% of the time (gain of 100 for the human) which comes out to an EV of -50 to be bluffing. When the human player is betting for value with a stronger hand, the bot will call 50% of the time (gain of 300 total for the human) and the bot will fold 50% of the time (gain of 100 already in the pot for human) which leads to an EV of +200 for the value-bettor. But if the person had instead bet exactly the pot of 100, the bot would have called 100% of the time and there would be an EV of +200, so the person gained nothing by betting more. Here's one possibility that I thought of that admittedly might not be the most optimal but I think it's decent and I'll give some reasoning for it: start out by calling 100% of the time for any bet up to a pot-sized bet and then for bets that are bigger than the pot, call at a rate of 1/(bet size/pot size). For example, in a pot of 100 if the bet is 200, call 1/(200/100) or 1/2 the time; for a bet of 500, call 1/5 of the time. Similarly, if the bet is 500 into a 100 pot, a bluff has a return of (1/5)(-500) + (4/5)(100) = -20, and a value bet has a return of (1/5)(600) + (4/5)(100) = 200, which again has no benefit over betting just the pot size. For a pot size bet, the assumption is that the human player is bluffing (or betting for value with a worse hand) 33% of the time and betting with a stronger hand 67% of the time. With nothing else to go on, this can't be too far off and the smaller the bet is the better the pot odds are for the bot to call. If you held back and drew AA the next hand you are not even getting 4:1 against two random hands. Blind versus blind is not common. 

Your money already in the pot is water under the bridge. But when you put the money in the pot consider there will likely be future bets to call. 

UTG+1 all in - does he think 2 pair is good or is he bluffing a flush I think it is a bluff Since he has the ace clubs less likely UTG+2 has a flush Any thing less than 2:1 stack to pot ratio then just bet 1/3 the pot and make it attractive. Will not accept my own answer. 

If you have a made hand or want to represent a made hand and want to push them off then the opposite. Bet the pot on the flop to absolutely not give them even long term pot odds. If they call then slow way down - you have to put them on top pair or better and likely likely two pair or better. If you are on 2 pair or better then bingo. If they raise then push with trips (or better). 

Ironically, a "reverse" situation sometimes occurs against a mid-level player. This is a player that has "just started" in learning how to fold. Like the beginning player, he "stays" for a bet or two on too many hands, but unlike the beginner, he is more likely to fold before the river, and the showdown. Against this type of player, a very good player will sense that the mid-level player is 1) weak, and 2) likely to fold if bet into on a round when the bets double. At such times, the good player may bet without regard to his own cards, because he is "playing his opponent's cards instead of his own." 

If only one or two "early position" players are in, you need early position cards (described in the first paragraph) to compete. If "a lot" (four or five) people have called, you can limp with "promising" hands such as small pairs and "suited connectors," 5-4 or higher. If everyone else has folded, and you have a "top one quarter" hand, you should raise to force out one or both blinds, not limp.