The Talmud also supports the idea that this was a common understanding among the Jewish people. For example, b. shabbat 55a states "there is no death without sin and there is no suffering without iniquity". Indeed, Genesis Rabbah 63:6 supports the idea that sin can occur before birth. In this passage, Rabbi Yonhanan interprets the story of Jacob and Esah "this one ran to kill this one and this one ran to kill this one [in the womb]". In those days Hezekiah became sick and was at the point of death. And Isaiah the prophet the son of Amoz came to him and said to him, “Thus says the Lord, ‘Set your house in order, for you shall die; you shall not recover.’” Then Hezekiah turned his face to the wall and prayed to the Lord... Thus says the Lord, the God of David your father: I have heard your prayer; I have seen your tears. Behold, I will heal you. (II King 20:1-2,5) The idea that illness and disability were caused by sin is so ingrained that Jesus' Jewish disciples assume that being born blind must be the result of sin. They don't even consider the possibility that his disability was not caused by sin. Similarly, the healing of the paralytic in Luke 5:17-30 carries a strong connotation that sin and disability were related in the Jewish mindset. In this passage, Jesus first tells the man his sins are forgiven, but the crowd is not convinced so Jesus proceeds to heal the man. Thus, Jesus is playing off their (false) belief that the man was crippled because of his sin. Psalms 110, brings together these idea nicely: When Jesus heals "lepers" in the New Testament, he instructs them to "go and show yourself to the priest, and make an offering" (Luke 5:12-14; see also Matthew 8:3-4, Luke 17:12-14). This special command, which does not normally follow healings, is further indication that this disease has a special spiritual significance. Besides Luke's Gospel (which is grammatical difficult and may not mean "first" chronologically, but rather "most prominent/important"), is there any evidence that the famous census conducted by Quirinius in c. 6 AD was the first census taken in Judea under Roman rule? Do any extant documents from antiquity state this or is the conclusion drawn largely from Luke and an argument from silence. (Certainly there are known Roman registrations that could have extended into Judea (and don't necessarily relate to taxes), but we don't have a document that says they did.) Likewise, literature of the Ancient Near East usually attribute illness either to sin or black magic.1