Census information from 1950 can be read in Census of Population: 1950: Number of inhabitants, By United States. Bureau of the Census 

Since the chambering is 41 Colt, I would agree that the black powder cartridges would be appropriate. The 41 Colt was created in 1877, and as such the original specifications called for black powder loads. 

If we look at the first part of the above mentioned diary article, it discusses the information concerning the weapon test. 

When this order was published it replaced and updated earlier orders, and it is likely that there have been new orders,laws or court actions updating or clarifying provisions and policies started by this order. 

A crater 1200 feet in diameter. A crater this size would destroy a few city blocks, but 1/2 mile away it just knocked over a test structure. This test is what they keep mentioning in later references. 

Perhaps, as suggested in comments, experts in economics might have some standards to compare these values, and might be a better fit to answer this question. 

(I hope this somewhat clears up the last half of the answer. My goal was to show that the massive casualties may have been unexpected, since the individuals involved all kept thinking and comparing to the original test. This, combined with the fact that they rejected targets which contained more civilians, shows the consideration which makes this target 'military' in nature. Its not that the target would cause only military casualties, but that the reason for the selection of this target over others was due to its military nature.) 

Total population: 31,443,321; farm population: 15,141,000 (est.); farmers 58% of labor force; Number of farms: 2,044,000; average acres: 199 

So we know up until that point in 1888, Carnegie was running his plants on an 8-hour shift. He then shifted the schedule back to the 12 hr shift more typical in the rest of the industry: 

Again this implies repair were never fully completed before the ship was destroyed in the raid on February 16, 1804. The answer to the second part of the question,when was it 

The same article gives us the time when the 8-hour day schedule, for Carnegies workers, ended, and why. (In 1888) 

rates of pay or other forms of compensation 

These individuals, however, were essentially homeless and jobless in what rapidly became a classic 'frontier' region, and with many disadvantages. 

So grounded at 11:30 AM, efforts to free her until 4:30 PM, The Philadelphia was grounded for at least 5 hours. Since the only untried procedures to free the ship involved towing (and the Philadelphia was alone, as the Vixen had been sent elsewhere), and the placement of an anchor by boat some distance away to pull the ship clear in a process known as kedging. The court asked if this process had been considered on several occasions, and the response was that the ship had no boat which could carry the anchor safely, and that the enemy held the position necessary to place the anchor. So while the enemy ships were present, the Philadelphia was out of options. 

The Truman library has a lot of documents, concerning tests, target selection, ect. The last couple pages of one document has some related reports from after the bomb was dropped, both of which express surprise at the results, and compare to the first test (emphasis mine): 

Table 24, pages 1-48 thru 1-64 contains the populations of each city in each state, alphabetical by state. Whatever you need is in there. 

So a groundwork for comparison may be available only for the modern era(which does include the British Empire, but definitely not the Romans; systems were just too different). Even what would seem simple like comparing the value/cost of constructions in the past to those of today becomes complicated by issues comparing labor costs, slave labor values, values of materials extracted by such labor, ect. 

I think we may be operating from a misconception, that the diary entry concerning that the 'target will be a purely military one' and that the statement that 'Hiroshima, a military base' imply Truman did not understand the presence of a city. 

It seems to me this portion of text says a lot. It acknowledges the presence of the city, but seems to show a lack of understanding concerning the power of the weapon they are about to unleash. A 'large part', 'could be',and 'extensively damaged' all express uncertainty at the range,the outcome, and the amount of damage. 

The Wikipedia article on the Alaska Purchase discusses the population of Alaska before the purchase: 

These schools would give mid-western states, where agriculture was dominant, a boost in furthering education availability. Concerning the dominance of agriculture, here are some numbers: 

This is discussed in the wikipedia entry for the Morrill Land-Grant Acts