I fully believe Jesus is God and I fully believe in the Trinity. I fully believe the Jesus is worthy of all our praise and worship. However, I always feel awkward praying to Jesus. Worshiping with song I am usually fine with, but it is prayer that I reserve for God the Father. There is a duality within me saying that prayer is for God, but Jesus is worthy, too. Therefore, you are missing something in your spiritual life. 

A Yovel, I assume is a Jubilee, and if this is the story that the contributor is referring to, then he is saying that Jesus was declaring a Jubilee (probably in verse 19), along with other significant theological points. However, saying confidently that this occurred in AD27 is quite tenuous. We don't know exactly when this story happened (if at all) because we don't know how old Jesus was at the time and we aren't even sure what year he was born (though most scholars agree on 4BC). 

There are other groups that believe differently. 

I suspect the wikipedia articles on Passover and Easter would be helpful. 

There are other teachings from Jesus that say the same thing but use other things as the example that comes between you and God. Jesus did say you must "hate" your entire family and yourself before you can be His follower Luke 14:26. If we follow the plain logic that your question and comments adhere to then we are stuck asking what the disciples did: If all with a family are doomed "Who then can be saved?" And Jesus then would correct us and saying "With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible." So you see, again, the issue is anything that comes between you and God. Whatever that thing is is actually much less important. 

As with most beliefs in Christianity, there is no complete unity on these issues. A common argument among Christians that avoid unclean animals (Seventh Day Adventists are most well known), is that it is clear in the Bible that the clean/unclean distinction predates Moses by a long while. Noah apparently knew the difference between clean and unclean animals (Genesis 7:2). I cannot speak about any Christian groups that demand circumcision because I do not know of any, but I would not be surprised if any exist. 

What the man then does and what Jesus says immediately after revels what Jesus meant. 

In your quote from Matthew we see a young man that wants to know what good thing he must do to get eternal life. Eventually, Jesus says what you have quoted. 

If an unbeliever invites you to a meal and you want to go, eat whatever is put before you without raising questions of conscience. 28 But if someone says to you, “This has been offered in sacrifice,” then do not eat it, both for the sake of the one who told you and for the sake of conscience. I am referring to the other person’s conscience, not yours. For why is my freedom being judged by another’s conscience? If I take part in the meal with thankfulness, why am I denounced because of something I thank God for? 

Eating Unclean Animals (includes pork) 

So you see the issue was not money, specifically. The issue is anything that is in your way from truly loving God and following Him wholeheartedly. It is then that His grace will save you and you will gain eternal life.1 

This is pretty clear that Jesus was noting that all animals are clean to eat. 

I found an article that discusses the theological significance, according to the Catholic perspective, on this verse and that it mentions Jubilee. 

In light of this, the information in general is relevant, and somewhat interesting to the topic of that Wikipedia article, but it needs to be completely rewritten to include that this is not a universal understanding of these verses (I've never heard that Jesus was proclaiming a literal Jubilee) and especially that the year is unknown, but we could guess it within about a six year window (based on theories for Jesus' birth year and how old he was at this point). 

18 “The Spirit of the Lord is on me,            because he has anointed me            to proclaim good news to the poor.       He has sent me to proclaim freedom for the prisoners            and recovery of sight for the blind,       to set the oppressed free, 19       to proclaim the year of the Lord’s favor.” 

20 Then he rolled up the scroll, gave it back to the attendant and sat down. The eyes of everyone in the synagogue were fastened on him. 21 He began by saying to them, “Today this scripture is fulfilled in your hearing.” Luke 4:16-20 (NIV) 

Christians celebrate Easter because it marks the anniversary of Jesus' Resurrection, the sole reason Christianity even exists and the source of the joy of salvation for the Christian. It is the most important event in Christianity and, according to Christians, all of human history. 

This verse is highly debated, but most agree on at least this: Jesus is saying that for a man like this one, gaining eternal life will never happen as long as money is in his way; as long as love for money is in his heart.