as Jesus taught us thus to pray (Matthew 6:12). (See also Matthew 6:15 and Mark 11:26). 

Jonah 4:11 - "'Should I not have compassion on Nineveh, the great city in which there are more than 120,000 persons who do not know the difference between their right and left hand, as well as many animals?'" 

MATTHEW 17:5-7: While he yet spake, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them: and behold a voice out of the cloud, which said, This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased; hear ye him. And when the disciples heard [it], they fell on their face, and were sore afraid. And Jesus came and touched them, and said, Arise, and be not afraid. 

*Interestingly, the very word aeons also denotes in Gnostic terms one of a class of powers or beings conceived as emanating from the Supreme Being and performing various functions in the operations of the universe. I am not a gnostic, by the way! 

As He will bear their iniquities. 

Too often, some Christians are so eager to "share" their faith that they lose all perspective and make a mess of being Christ's witnesses. They witness out of guilt. They witness without love, tact, and gentleness. They witness without sensitivity to the Spirit and to the needs, questions, and hang-ups of the people to whom they witness. They mean well, but they are poor ambassadors who perhaps do more harm than good! They need to take to heart 1 Peter 3:14-17: 

The application of this analogy is clear. A person who is justified in the eyes of God and who sins again after being declared righteous will never hear his Judge say, "I take back your justification. No soup [--I mean--] no salvation for you!" 

Paul's analogy between our physical bodies and the body of Christ (both universal and local) is but one approach in answering your question about communal prayer (see 1 Corinthians 12:12-31, especially vv.12-14). Some believers are particularly gifted in public prayer. They have the gift of pouring out their hearts to God in a way which honors God and blesses and encourages fellow believers. 

The application of this passage to Christians today is pretty clear: We, too, are watchmen and watchwomen. We have been saved from wrath through Christ and his cross-death. Out of gratitude for God's gracious and loving salvation, we are to be Christ's witnesses in the world (a witness is analogous to being a watchman who warns people of approaching danger). 

Was Jesus present at the beginning of time? 

III. While animals do not have the same value in God's estimation as the human beings whom He loves, God still has compassion on animals (see Jonah 4:11, above). Jesus said,