I struggle with show-not-tell because in my opinion everything is telling you something. Even the showiest phrase tells you something concrete. But, that said, some things are more ‘telly’ than others. 

Causing the mutiny to fail. After it failed, it became obvious that she had, after all, been right. 

You can pick up on a little more action in this. You still know it is a place of business, the word count is the same, but there’s a little more packed into it. More is shown, even though you were never told many details. The dialogue is not a simple progression; none of the lines follow from the others. 

Dialogue that is less of a progression, more of a scene, is often thought to be more powerful. 

Nevertheless, through dialogue one can show emotion, expectations, plans, dreams, hopes, motivations, and so on, without expressing them. Dialogue is also flexible. The best dialogue is (arguably) not progressive but rather revelatory in unexpected ways. 

Draw out the arc of your story. I actually do this physically, with an arc on a piece of paper. I sketch in, onto the arc, where the story begins, middles, and ends. I do this for the storyline (gives me a physical idea of the shape of the story), and then flesh out similar arcs for the main characters - how they should also begin, middle, and end. Example: My main male character starts out angry, frustrated, feeling trapped in his world. He moves then to the middle of his arc - his journey (physically and emotionally/intellectually). He grows. He moves to the end of his arc, it is back where he started, metaphorically, but because he has grown, it is different than it had been at the beginning. 

From the first list: Make sure you have examples of all the commonalities, or a reason why you don't, in your religion. Feminize each one. 

(And upon reflection, I highly recommend you read Mistborn. Another character whose name escapes me at the moment was providing Kelsior brief synopses of any number of religious traditions throughout the book. Sanderson was very creative in coming up with a variety of plausible and crazy religious traditions among these examples.) 

You could approach the problem by making the other choice less appealing. Can't you make his crew-mates less sympathetic to the reader? Or something like this. 

This version is definitely telling, and most people think it is inferior. Up to you. 

This might allow elements lost during revision #1. At the moment, I'm just throwing my characters into different combinations and seeing if they come up with anything interesting. I've tried to add in a few new details and reiterate others, to let the audience know that the novel is all connected ("remember that driving force in Chapter 1? It's still there and rearing its head now" kind of stuff.) 

“No thanks, I’m just looking.” 

Nail your butt to the chair and just freaking write. Just do it. It can be garbage. Follow your story arc. Follow your chapter arc. Keep your butt nailed into your chair. Keep writing. OK to take a break, but common good advice is to have a goal (of time or word count) every day. 

This has struck me as being similar to any other artistic endeavor - painting, sculpting, woodworking (get the damn joints right), even theater. 

Is through dialogue. But this does not mean that all dialogue is showing. In fact, telling in dialogue (is easy to spot when you are on your game and) perhaps hits more of a flat note than telling in narrative. 

A short addition to these answers, because I thought your original ideas in another question were already very nicely developed. But today I was considering the mythology and religion on my world, and began to wonder if you are asking, here, ... because you would like even more ideas, more grist. 

Research these, perhaps go to Wikipedia and look up the main monotheistic religions, some new age religions, some pantheistic religions, or other variants. Some farcical religions, like the flying spaghetti monster. 

Start making lists of what they all share (Examples: Supreme beings, rituals, structure, scriptures, etc) and what are unique features of each (Examples: Some have hell, some don't; some claim that divinity is attainable in our human form, others claim that idea is heresy; some prioritize faith, others prioritize acts; etc). 

Spelling out the childhood trauma that drove her choice and 

The second list is to give you ideas, of ways to make your religion intriguing, distinctive, and memorable. You can use ideas straight from this list, but perhaps better to brainstorm creatively from it instead.