EDIT: jobermark's answer gives a nice example of a priori in color perception, which should not be controversial. But this highlights the issue: neither color nor space perception evolved since ancient Greeks, or even since prehistorical tribes, while science did. If Kant was right about mental a priori then he had to be wrong about something else, like the acquisition of knowledge. Perhaps, reason can take from perceptions more than it put there itself after all. That would require a mechanism for forming new schemes/categories, which are not hard wired (and listed in Kant's table), but are extracted from perceptions somehow. 

In many ways Einstein's reception of empiricist and Kantian ideas (mainly through Mach and Poincaré) shaped subsequent theory building in physics, and as a result philosophizing about science in positivism and in post-positivism. Relativity as "the last classical theory" is a modern anachronism with a benefit of hindsight and relative privation to later issues in quantum mechanics. Lorentz, Poincaré, etc., saw it differently at the time. 

Both answers seem to undermine Kant's construction. If empirical concepts ultimately originate in our mind then the dichotomy between empirical and a priori collapses, they would be as a priori as space, time and the categories. If on the other hand, they are extracted from senses (somehow), then what collapses is Kant's impenetrable wall between appearances and things in themselves. Indeed, the sensory comes from the senses, which are impressed upon by things in themselves without any a priori interference. An alternative to both is to deny that we can isolate the sensory in perception (contrary to Husserl's phenomenology with its "bracketing out" of presumptions, and reaching "to things themselves"), but it is also problematic. Kant has no trouble isolating the a priori, and the rest has to come from the senses. Did Kant indicate somewhere which option he chose and how he dealt with complications? 

I think here the difference in certainty is the difference in purpose. We put much more certainty into everyday realism because all we are using it for is practical action. And that indeed requires it, for getting enmeshed in fine points of metaphysical commitments will quickly leave one hungry, injured, and then dead. It is not that there is something "metaphysically wrong" with illusions, delusions and hallucinations, but rather that they often lead to inefficient or even self-detrimental behavior, and that better be nipped in the bud. Berkeley made exactly this point with a "crooked oar" optical illusion at the water surface, remarking that there are no illusions in epistemology. 

So constraining that so far not a single mathematically coherent (not just heuristic) string theory that reproduces SM and GR in appropriate limits has been proposed. And even the Standard Model itself is riddled with inconsistencies and ad hoc tricks, new tests aren't going to fix that either. Predicting new phenomena is nice, but that was never string theory's main motivation, the incompatibility of SM and GR was. Smolin, one of string theory's chief critics, admits that it unifies SM, and unlike it at least has resources to incorporate gravity too. Moreover, common expectation is that phenomena unexplainable by SM and GR do not manifest below the so-called "Planck energy", which is so huge that it will remain inaccessible for decades anyway, for practical reasons.