Below I'll correct your examples and explain each one. Step 2 - Brainstorm Description Amadeus has provided a great method with telling the information through dialogue and conflict. That's definitely better, but it is still technically telling. The conflict simply provides some tension to prevent the reader from falling asleep. He still has to wade through all of the information. 

So a good rule of thumb to follow would be to determine if something is a direct quotation or not. If the quotation is what someone actually said, then it is, and you use commas and a capital. If it is what someone wanted to say, but didn't, or anything similar, it is not a direct quotation, and quotation marks alone will suffice. So what does this mean? If your quotation is actually the character speaking, it is a direct quotation. You use commas to separate it, and it starts with a capital letter (do note that if the quotation is interrupted and then continued, the continuation does not start with a capital letter). 

I think I see what your problem is. According to my handy grammar handbook: 

I also do not want to describe how bad things are, because 1) I simply don't want to write about such things, and 2) I don't want my novel to be adult-only. I want everyone to read this. 

He saw her face, the familiar color of her hair, the curious shape of her eyes. Her familiar perfume wafted towards him and he briefly closed his eyes, remembering its scent. A smile crept onto his face. She was home. 

Best of luck in your endeavors! 

Using this method, you remove the infodump completely, and not only convey all the information you need, but show it as true, rather than simply asking the reader to believe you. Inserting the information into the action like this also serves to cut down on mindless 'action-telling' (just relating what happened). Sorry for the long answer, I tried - believe it or not - to keep it as brief as possible. Hopefully you find it helpful, and welcome to the site! However, there is a tendency to overuse adverbs. Adverbs can be an easy way out of description. When this description would be better, the adverb becomes a bad thing. This does not, however, mean all adverbs are bad. 

This is a tricky one. I am actually not 100% sure on this, but I believe because nothing was actually said, it is not a direct quotation, and therefore would be correct the way you have it. Do note that all punctuation goes inside the quotation marks, even if it isn't part of the quotation. Observe the period I've added above. 

Raaisel blinked as my words struck him, actually taking a small step away from me. 

Now I'll try using the setting. There's a thought. Take out the tag completely. Note that I've replaced the comma before the dialogue with a period, as the previous sentence has ended.