One of the great features of Glottolog is that it also collects all the relevant bibliographical references, so any research you would like to carry out yourself may well start right there. Check out the Haida listing, for example, where you can see the internal classification, useful comments and, of course, a long list of useful references. What if we, however, unlike in the mainstream Mycenaean Greek reading, but like the fringe (pseudo-)Proto-Slavic reading, (1.) interpreted the vertical stroke not as a word delimiter, but a consonantal wildcard - one that is capable of representing up to a dozen different consonants. (2.) Consequently, word boundaries could be placed anywere in the string, between any two syllabograms. (3.) In addition to that, consonant clusters could no longer be resolved by means of consecutive rhyming syllabograms, and (4.) neither sonorants nor /s/ could be thought of in syllable codas. 

I think you can find a fairly reliable (more reliable than the Ethnologue, I would say) and pretty much consensual (meaning that even long-rangers would not object to it other than go much further in their speculations, hypothesizing deeper links between them) information in the Glottolog catalogue, as its authors generally tend to avoid controversial classifications that have not gained wider acceptance yet. It does not mean that at least some of the families and isolates are not related, but their relationship may be too deep to ever discover, or the research carried out so far has not met methodological standards, or, perhaps, no particular research into their relationship has been carried out yet. 

There has been a recent popularization over the questionable use of the word 'literally' as an intensifier rather than as a marker of non-figurative, especially since it seems to be used non-literally by well-respected modern authors. There is a lot of evidence that it has been used non-literally literally for centuries. It seems to me that there is nothing special about 'literal' in English that it should be the only one to have such ambiguity leading to semantic drift. 

Is there any evidence that the corresponding terms for 'literal' in non-English languages have similar figurative uses? 

But that situation also is semantically ambiguous in that things could seem truly exaggerated. And then, if one didn't know otherwise, the term 'literally' could be understood as an intensifier, and therefore taken in a non-literal manner. 

"Literal", in English, is primarily used to imply 'exactly as spoken/written' so that when something is said that sounds like hyperbole, it will be taken as truthful rather than exaggerated. But as figurative meanings don't even need phonetic changes to help them become figurative, I wonder if there are similar figurative uses of the word or phrase corresponding to 'literal' in other languages. (a) Loosening the constraints If there are no or only very few known cases like that, I'm willing to loosen the constraints and extend the range to any later loanwords known to have replaced any other loanwords irrespective of their origin. Now, I have seen this discussed in connection with lexical (in)stability: If the above holds, then, conversely, if we find words within the (native) basic vocabulary (such as that represented by the Swadesh list) that are both morphologically transparent [compounds or derivatives] and display very little polysemy, or even none, this means that, in all likelihood, we are dealing with (relatively recent) innovations. 

Hopefully, the following example based on a syllabic script, originally fitted to write a different language, but later (imperfectly) adapted for Ancient Greek, will show better what I mean. 

One of the why's behind the what One of the reasons why I'm asking this question is the general tendency of the relatively less stable ("cultural") vocabulary being replaced more easily than the relatively more stable ("basic") vocabulary. Now, if this assumption is correct, the following scenario seems quite imaginable: Since we may not have access to native users of the scripts, any psycholinguistic testing would have to be carried out only indirectly, on a group of speakers of a different, but typologically similar, language and, perhaps, using romanization/transliteration to avoid having to teach them new graphemes and face literacy/familiarity issues. Is there any evidence that the corresponding terms for 'literal' in non-English languages have similar figurative uses? But that situation also is semantically ambiguous in that things could seem truly exaggerated. And then, if one didn't know otherwise, the term 'literally' could be understood as an intensifier, and therefore taken in a non-literal manner. There has been a recent popularization over the questionable use of the word 'literally' as an intensifier rather than as a marker of non-figurative, especially since it seems to be used non-literally by well-respected modern authors. There is a lot of evidence that it has been used non-literally literally for centuries. 

But as figurative meanings don't even need phonetic changes to help them become figurative, I wonder if there are similar figurative uses of the word or phrase corresponding to 'literal' in other languages. 

It seems to me that there is nothing special about 'literal' in English that it should be the only one to have such ambiguity leading to semantic drift. 

"Literal", in English, is primarily used to imply 'exactly as spoken/written' so that when something is said that sounds like hyperbole, it will be taken as truthful rather than exaggerated.