There are also other formulas; famously, most romance novels published by Silhouette or Harlequin are explicitly formulaic (they are expected to follow certain formulas). See Wikipedia for some details and examples. 

After about two and a half years, varying based on the child, you can start having plot-intensive stories. Fairy tales, Curious George or Clifford or other characters, Dr Seuss, etc. are all fair game. They'll like to listen to the story, and begin to be able to discuss some of the elements of the story. Some children will even begin to role-play around 3 based on the stories; my three year old likes to make up stories of his own, where he's a main character alongside Curious George or similar. 

First off, you're going to start feeding him solid foods. That will change some of his dependence on breastfeeding to 'feel full'. It won't happen immediately, but it will change as you feed him more. It also will allow you to ease him into a schedule, if you are careful; you can feed him solids at particular regular time points (8am breakfast, 12pm lunch, 6pm dinner, sort of thing) which will help get him used to sleeping. 

The worker paged the boy's mommy over the intercom, and his mommy came by a little later, and everyone was happy. The Man with the Yellow Hat also came, and told George that he shouldn't run off, but that he was happy George and R knew what to do to help the little boy. They went to the checkout and bought the ingredients, then went home and baked cookies together. R got to eat the first one out of the oven, and it was very yummy 

What's nice about doing it this way is not only that you have a story wherever you want, and you involve the child; but also that it encourages the child to make up his/her own stories (both by involving him/her in the process, and by modeling the process). I found that more and more of the story would be made up by my son in this process as we went along - starting by just adding a few hooks for him to add, but as we went on he'd insist on more and more details, and as long as I didn't resist too much it worked well. 

Second off, as he grows, his stomach should expand and be ready to eat more at once. You should by now be able to modify his eating schedule simply by holding out on food for a little while - ie, don't just feed him when he asks. Feed him when he asks plus 30 minutes. Start moving him towards a bottle feeding schedule, where he eats every 3 or so hours (this 'or so' depends on the infant). This will encourage him to eat until he is full, which is going to be a larger amount of food, and help with some of the sleep issues.