However, this system of statistics is not the equivalent of baseball. To think so is confusing the map for the territory. To cut to the chase, Hume is canonical reference here, and you are quite correct that we only perceive effects, and not causes, and that there is no rigorous way for us to identify what we mean by a cause except circularly through reference to the effects. Put this way, I think the answer becomes more clear. If we adopt Jamesian/pragmatic terminology, we can say that the "cash value" of a scientific hypothesis resides in its testability (and the reproducibility of the results of that test); without those, it remains merely a thought experiment. In broad terms, I don't think there's anyone who questions that there is something that appears to us as "objective reality", and the point of view of a phenomenological analysis, we can "bracket" the ontological status of the ultimate referent-- in other words, we can take a fictionalist approach. And, similarly, I don't think there's anyone who doubts that mathematical abstractions (as in physics) provide a good enough description of our world for pragmatic purposes. Put another way: the caricature of post-structuralist thought that some physicists hold (and attack) in the so-called "Science Wars" is a straw man, and the "War" is being fought in the minds of these scientists only. Arkady Plotnitsky makes this case quite well here. So while I am not sufficiently familiar with the tenets of naturalized epistemology to be sure about what they say, the answer from those fields where naturalized epistemology is supposed to draw inspiration is "no". Absence of evidence is almost always evidence of absence, actually. The problem is that it is often really poor evidence. Then the question is whether parameters can change in the past in a way that will confuse us. Possibly! The length of the day has, we think, changed throughout Earth's history. Based on physical effects we can observe now, it looks like the rotation of the earth is slowing slightly, and if we extrapolate the day should have been about 22 hours long during the Cambrian. If we check, by measuring relative changes in sedimentary patterns that occur on yearly, daily, and lunar-monthly cycles, it seems pretty much spot-on. On the other hand, noting that humans make complex objects is kind of like noting that gravity pulls things together. It's a pretty good bet that certain kinds of artifacts have been made (archeology would be really difficult otherwise!), but we now know of a process (evolution) that enables living objects to become more elaborate and complex in appropriate circumstances. And we know that appropriate circumstances are pretty common. But the track record of all detailed predictions for every major religion are astoundingly bad (about what you'd expect from observant farmers 3000 years ago wondering about the universe), so there is essentially no evidence in favor and very much evidence against hypotheses that any historical religion is actually meaningfully divinely inspired (including all the bits about afterlife if any, how many gods there are, whether they pay any attention to humans, etc.). Thus, the parsimonious explanation for these religions is not divine intervention but various social and other factors, and it is therefore unlikely that any particular claim is true. Now personally I hold to POMA or partially overlapping magisteria. Their are some discoveries in science that hold great discussion in religious circles. If you take the discovery of background radiation for instance. This in essence began the road to a finite universe which was remarkable and religiously relevant discovery. It also sparked a resurgence in Aquinian thought which was for centuries held to be disproved by physicist. I would posit that a person personal convictions rarely has a influence on whether a proposition is true or not. It is entirely possible that for any given proposition that can be true their could be many people who for instance have the view it is... It to me is incredible how atheism can deny just about anything in defense of its claims. It does look like it is given more leeway than any other worldview. If a claim is not backed up by some sort of evidence how would people ever convince others that what they say is true? What constitute evidence may differ from one discipline to the other. If I may illustrate my point with a example. A chemist may consider the observation of a chemical reaction as pretty trustworthy source of knowledge in his field and then base his conclusions on this