One should not forget that the poetry also is a area for the scholars. The poetry has helped our scholars to understand the Arabic language more deeper while dealing with certain words. You will find many poems mentioned in tafsirs (quranic explaination) when they define words and meanings. Many fiqh books are built with poems to easier remember rulings. 

By Bilqis, I understand you mean Queen of Sheba as Zamakhshari mentions her to be: 

The story continues to mention that she converted: Conclusion Understanding the general rule and the exception, then we easily can conclude that there is no contradiction between these ahadith. 

Which may be found in this video quoted by Hamza Yusuf, in Suyutis book Aljami' As-saghir, by Tabarani as well as Al-Bayhaqi and it also was declared as sahih by Albani. The prophet is the one that would explain for those who would "quarrel about anything", as you see in the verse. Today we cannot directly ask the prophet to explain what certain verses meant or how to act in certain situations. But if we look at the hadiths, with the Quran we can draw different conclusions according to the situation, time and context. 

From the NT, there seems to be evidence that Mary is related to the descendants of Aaron, brother of Moses, and it could be that the people referred to that: Ibn Manzar said: The people of knowledge are unanimous on the permissibly of slaughter by a woman or a child. 

Below are some relevant excerpts on the views of the Sunni schools on the matter: 

The above is evidence that the Prophet prayed for a person who had killed himself. 

You can not make a nikah with her during her mourning period, and you shouldn't make an explicit proposal during that period either, but you are permitted to leave a hint indirectly: 

It is similar to Masjid Al Aqsa, which was first built by some Awliya (guardians / friends / pious people) of Allah before David and Solomon, and then David and Solomon expanded it. Source: Blue Letter Bible, Scan on archive.org To supplement Kilise's answer. 

[Both the Masjids (Kaabah and Temple of Jerusalem) were built by Adam. He first built the Kaabah in Mecca, then went to Jerusalem and built the Masjid ul Aqsa ...] The narrations about who built the Masjid Al Aqsa first. By Adam, and it was said by the angels, ... by Shem son of Noah ... by Abraham ... by Jacob ... the new construction was started by David and by Solomon it was completed. 

Provided he be a person acquainted with the form of invocation, whether man or woman, infant or idiot. THE Zabbah is lawful provided the slayer be acquainted with the form of the Tasmeea, or invocation in the name of GOD, the nature of Zabbah, and the method of cutting the veins of the animal ; and it signifies not whether the person be a man or a woman, an infant or an idiot, a circumcised person or an uncircumcised. — Sahih Bukhari, Book of Hunting Nevertheless, claiming with certainty that someone was a Prophet without solid proof is wrong, its inventing a lie about Allah. Please see this answer with regard to Hinduism being of divine origin according to Islam. In short, there were several messengers, and we don't know the names of all of them and hence it is possible that some figure revered in Hinduism was a Messenger or Prophet. 

In the Torah there is mention of Melchizedek, a priest and ruler of Jerusalem in the time of Abraham who was on the true religion of Allah. Regarding the Kaabah we have narrations in tradition that it was first built by Adam and possibly even before that by the angels. Similarly there are narrations that the Bait ul Muqadas was previously built by others and then rediscovered / rebuilt in the time of Solomon. There are many so called explanations of this hadith: I think @Casanova pointed at almost all of them. 

There are other ahadith quoting the name Ya'for but those also have been qualified as da'if. This hadith shows the sunni view that mut'ah marriage has been abrogated (with no chance of revision, as the hadith states "until the Day of resurrection") and this terminal abrogation happend after hajjat al-Wada' if we trust the hadith of ibn Majah (which means in the last few months of the Prophets lifetime). Ibn 'Abd al-Barr explained that gracious avoidance is allowed if one fears due to social relation a harm in his faith or his Dunya (this life) and an increase of animosity and hatred. So avoiding in those cases is safer then to approach and maintain ties. As it would prevent you from slips as you will be safe from aftereffects of this company. And one could imagine that knowledge of Qur'an and occasions of revelation is also necessary, beside the chronology of the revelation. 

Lets start with what is authentic, Quran says about the marital relationship addressing husbands: 

I've tried to address this topic before in my answer on What are the terms of that which has reached Tawatur?, however I didn't mention what exactly these conditions are, even if I have a hint of an answer about it, at least for one of the related partial questions which I want to have answers.