However, this is not entirely a bad thing, since modern logic was created by substituting fuzzy natural language concepts with new, well-defined ones. 

Your own perspective seems closer to one hinted at by contemporary philosopher Nick Bostrom in his "simulation" theory, that postulates we all exist inside a computer simulated world. In a deliberately simulated world, some parts, which will be interacted with, might be "real" (at least by the standards of the simulation) meaning they are actually simulated. Others may just appear to exist, to make the simulation appear larger than it is. Similarly some people in such a world might be fully simulated, others might be "avatars", directly controlled by the simulators, and others might be "zombies" --background figures with no actual consciousness or agency. 

In the simulated world, the reason for this ontological parsimony is clear: It is a savings on resources to fake up the parts of the simulation that receive the most scrutiny more convincingly than others. If it would take, as seems reasonable, a universe's worth of resources to actually simulate an entire universe, then it might be a necessity for a simulation to appear more complex than it actually is, at least if it is being simulated in a universe like the one being simulated. If, on the other hand, the world is in the mind of God, who presumably has infinite resources, then why would God cheat? As Descartes concluded in his Meditations, we must assume a good and honest God who is not deceiving us, because without such an assumption, we can never actually know anything. 

"Here" works similarly, except the thing referred to is (usually) the location of the speaker (fixed by the context). "Now" as well, with the thing referred to being the time of utterance (fixed by the context). David Lewis famously proposed an indexical analysis of "is actual", claiming that it functioned like "here", except that the location specified is the possible world inhabited by that individual (rather than a region within a possible world occupied by an individual). 

Combinatorial Reasoning: We often think that if it's possible for two things to be true independently, and the two things don't contradict, then it's possible for them to be true jointly. If I could own a red shirt, and I could own blue shoes, then I could own both a red shirt and blue shoes. Spelling this out in more detail is a difficult matter but hopefully the intuitive idea is clear enough. 

Now, you could simply accept a possibilist language and reject the Lewisian modal realist picture--- but then you haven't given an analysis. What you would have done is made the intensional modal language extensional. In fact, this was one of Lewis's original claims in favor of his Counterpart Theory. In the postscript to "Counterpart Theory and Quantified Modal Logic" in his Philosophical Papers vol. 1 Lewis, however, disavows this as a positive reason in favor of counterpart theory since he no longer sees anything wrong with intensional languages. The section of Bricker's "Concrete Possible Worlds" titled "No Primitive Modality" (starting on page 6) contains useful discussion of what is meant by "primitive modality" as well as Lewis's own attempt at reducing modality. This summary of On the Plurality of Worlds might also be helpful to you. Pages 6 and 7 of that summary also give some of Lewis's reasons not to hold modality is primitive. This Sider paper surveys a number of attempts to reduce modality along with some standard objections to these attempts. 

as being the collection of all of the ordinals up to ω, and then gotten from ω again by increments. Then we may define 2ω+1, 2ω+2, and so forth up to 3ω; and so forth ad infinitum. We then get another limit ordinal, 

So on long time-scales, there may indeed be an inherent complicating nature to technology, even when that technology is not of our devising and consists of the biochemical structure and operation of the brains of ourselves and our descendants. We may reasonably expect a long-term trend towards further brain-capacity — provided that we do not self-destruct, implode under the weight of our own civilization, or develop into an species of antisocial animals, such as bears are — simply as a result of struggling as our ancestors did with the pressures of understanding the increasingly complicated nature of the world we are surrounded by, full of Machiavellian primates and fashionably sophisticated jeejaws. 

      2ω := {0,1,2,3...,ω,ω+1,ω+2,ω+3,...} = 0 ∪ 1 ∪ 2 ∪ ... ∪ ω ∪ (ω+1) ∪ (ω+2) ∪ ... 

Barbour's theory goes further in scepticism than the block universe theory, since it denies not only the passage of time, but the existence of an external dimension of time. Physics orders "Nows" by their inherent similarity to each other. That ordering is what we conventionally call a time ordering, but does not come about from "Nows" occurring at specific times, since they do not occur, nor does it come about from their existing unchangingly along the time-axis of a block universe, but it is rather derived from their actual content.