I don't see a use case: you would need a comment that no-one with flagging privileges has seen for months and months, yet it is somehow confusing people or taking up space. Just not a likely scenario for me. Far better to put your effort into encouraging people to remove their own obsolete comments and flag other people's. I treat "mate" like "guy" as a gender neutral word. Australians have most definitely called me it when they know my gender. So I wouldn't worry about that one. [To be clear, I mean that entirely literally. That is one I wouldn't worry about. I know there's an idiom that starts "I wouldn't X" that means "don't X" - I'm not telling anyone that. People react to things the way they react to things, and I wouldn't say anyone was wrong to feel odd being called a "wrong" name or pronoun.] There are 299 questions tagged [move]. Some are about C++0x move semantics, which is how I became aware of the tag. Some are about physical movement as in GPS or accelerometer. Some are about moving files (on assorted file systems, in assorted languages.) There are a number of behaviours common to those who want to make SO better. Each of them carries a "you've done all you can today" achievement with it: I would like to see a review queue for flagged comments. 10K users could (perhaps with a majority 2 out of 3 or 3 out of 5) agree that a comment is obsolete, chatty, or offtopic: flags that don't require moderator action beyond removing the comment. (Rude or offensive flags might prompt a moderator to contact a user, so those flags should be left for moderator attention, and "other" could be anything so it too should be left for moderators.) In my experience, posts with links are not downvoted if all these conditions are met: Either way, you avoid the single-character edit. But perhaps you feel in your tags your only hope for rep is from the OP. And perhaps you are doing this just for rep. In that case, don't answer. But sending a message to others that "this is a stupid question" when in fact you mean "this is a question from a person whose actions I disagree with" is just plain wrong. These are even worse, and someone who edits just to remove the word EDIT: without solving the problem has made the post worse. If it's your question, you update it and add "Update: Sorry, when sanitizing this code I made a one-character typo: the code that causes the problem did not have [error] where it should be [correction] and I've corrected my sanitized version in this question." Now the 400+ answerers who are telling you about the typo can delete their answers. After 5 minutes, go back and click submit. I suspect this queue would spend most of its time empty, like all the queues except Close Votes. Badges for flagging a thousand comments (and loss of flagging privileges if the reviewers disagree with you) should ensure it continues to get new items added for review. I've had people use he, him, and his in comments referring to me ("Kate made some good points in his answer" or "The OP says he tried that" when I'm the OP) and I usually do nothing about it at all. There are names out there that I can't map to genders (sure, aliases and made-up names, but even when people are using the names given to them by their parents, if they're from a different culture I may not know) and statistically, most posters here are male. I do correct it when I think it's relevant, or if I happen to be commenting anyway.