And ijma', of course one must have big knowledge of hadith sources and ahadith to be able to compare! ... So what exactly is the condition of al-Bukhari (is it solely related -as-sanad- to the narrator chain or also to the content al-matn- of a hadith)? and what is the condition of Muslim? What is the difference between both conditions? All these verses (and many more) indicate the necessity of Hadith and Sunna. At least here is a Hadith narrated in other Versions in other books mentioning that Quran isn't the only source of islamic wisdom! 

Imam an-Nawawi in his commentary of this hadith from sahih Muslim said: The scholars said that the good deeds of a person end with his death, a dead person can't regain any rewards after his/her death expect for these three things, because he/she was a reason for their existence, so the child is of his own, the knowledge (teaching or left books) and also the waqf (or recurring charity). This hadith also points at the importance of marriage with the intention to have pious children etc. He (An-Nawawi) also pointed at the fact that a-Shafi'i holds the opinion that it is allowed to perform hajj for a death person (which means this person might get the rewards for that hajj) there's also a similar discussion on fast etc. Also the difference of opinion about rewards for reciting qur'an for a death person were discussed in the commentary. A-Shafi'i and a majority of scholars reject the idea that the death will any rewards from that! 

Sheikh ibn 'Otaymeen said explaining this issue: "The forty hadith of an-Nawawi and strictly speaking they are not forty, but forty two, but the Arabs used to round fractions in numbers, so they say: forty even if it was more by one or two or less by one or two. 

Sunni people and scholars say that the both Sahih books of al-Bukhari and (then) Muslim are authentic this means that the number of ahadith which might be incorrect or doubtful over them is marginal maybe less then 1-2%. But still nowadays some scholar check and review them and this goes along with the sunni thought that nobody is infallible except the Messengers (Peace be upon them). so beside patience a way to treat relatives whom we may fear or fear their abuse ... there's the so called gracious avoidance. The second hadith from the comments of Kilise There are different sources for this narration, but those who are quoted in hadith collections don't quote Hudaifah () as the person who was asked by 'Omar (), it was narrated on the authority of Umm Salamah () in Musnad al-Imam Ahmad 

Ibn Kathir also quoted an other hadith on the authority of Mu'ad ibn Jabal (May Allah be pleased with him), where the donkey said his name was 'Amr ibn ... and the Messenger of Allah (peace be upon him) named him Ya'for. But this one had also several weaknesses, like an incomplete narrator chain and many not trustworthy narrators. 

Note that except for the 8-10 ahadith which are rejected by one of the 4 Imams for some reasons al-Bana din't even try to discuss any of the other 6XX hadiths in any plausible way. All he did was quoting them according to a topic or classification. So these ahdadith are rather among those who are not binding for Muslims or are useless for our life as Muslims. 5) Tell them plainly, "This is my way. I invite you to Allah. I myself see my Way in full light and my followers see it, too. And Allah is free from any defect, and I have nothing to do with those who practice shirk." [Surat Yusuf 12:108] He answered promptly: There's no reason to solve an issue, do you think your Creator would allow you something which might cause harm? That's impossible, if Allah has clearly allowed to eat the meat of cows by qur'an, how can we say it's meat cuases sickness? If a hadith shadh is contradicting a stronger source, we must reject it, so a hadith contrddicting the qur'an has to be rejected! 

I've added links to references for each "new" statement: 

These forty should be memorized by any student of knowledge because they are chosen out of many ahadith out of many different topics. In difference to most other books for example if we take 'omdat al-Ahkam which indeed is a good selection, but it only covers one single topic: fiqh. The forty of hadith of an-Nawawi cover different topics, and we ask Allah for help and guidance to comment on them. And Allah is the compromising" 

Where the word "munafiq" doesn't actually appear clearly, the hadith can be translated as follows (note this is my own translation and I've added some interpretation and explanation between brackets):