i. Doubles acceptance will be based on the WTA Doubles Rankings the week prior to the start of play (the same date rankings used for the singles seeding). ii. Entry cutoffs and seeding will be determined by the highest combined ranking of the teams entered. If teams are tied, the tie-break procedure will be in the following order: (a) Team with the greatest combined total points; (b) Team with the highest combined ranking from the previous week; and (c) Team with the fewest combined number of Tournaments played over the previous 52-week period. iii. For entries and seeding, unranked players will be assigned a rank of one (1) plus the lowest player listed on the most current ranking used for the acceptances. Note that Jankovic and Wozniacki still have not won a GS tournament. (Seles won her first GS title in 1990, Hingis in 1997 and Davenport in 1998.) All (or at least almost all) tournaments at ATP level have a qualifying competition, from which players can get into the main draw. Similar question can be asked about mixed doubles. (Although mixed doubles competition is not played at many tournaments. I am only aware Grand Slams, Olympic Games, Hopman Cup and Youth Olympics.) I am unaware of a ranking for mixed doubles. Is the ranking in this case somehow combined from the doubles ATP and WTA rankings? 

For example, Tsonga received bye in Barcelona this year. He lost in the second round to Granollers. As we can see in his ranking breakdown (Internet Archive), he has 0 points for this tournament. (Players, who advanced to the second round without a bye, got 20 points.) 

This blog post discusses slamless No.1's since 2000. Recently in a discussion I have heard that young players can only enter a limited number of senior tournaments. The number depends on the age of the player. (This information was mentioned in an interview with a coach of a girls' singles grand-slam champion, when discussing her transition into competing at senior level.) I would like to know more about these limits. 

Information about most titles (and most consecutive titles) at a particular tournament is also given in the Wikipedia article Tennis tournament records and statistics (current revision). However, this article is not restricted to the Open Era. So in this particular case, the difference seems to be that 150 points from the tournament in Viña del Mar in February 2013 are included in Race to London rankings, but not in ATP Rankings. 

If yes, is it for matches on any level? Or only matches in World Group? ... If there is one vacancy in the Main Draw before Qualifying is completed, then the order of the two (2) highest ranked Lucky Losers shall be randomly drawn, and thereafter the order shall follow the Lucky Losers’ rankings, unless there are two (2) or more withdrawals at the time Qualifying is completed in which case the size of the random draw will be the number of withdrawals plus one (1) Could somebody explain the rules about eligibility for junior tournaments in more detail? For example, as now is 2016, are players born in 1998 and later the ones who are allowed to compete this year in junior competitions? 

I am aware of the fact that this is not very probably to happen among top players, where the point differences are larger, but this is bound to happen for players with lower rankings and less points. First service won is the percentage of the points, where the player successfully made the first service, that were won by the serving player. First service points won is perhaps a better description of this statistics. 

Women Wikipedia article Longest tiebreaker in tennis (current revision) lists as the record 42 points (22-20) from the first round match at 2006 Amelia Island between Pratt/Stewart and Morariu/Stubbs. The reference given in the Wikipedia article is A Closer Look at the Longest Tie-Breaker in Tennis History; World Tennis Magazine (Internet Archive). So if this information is correct, grand slam record in women's GS matches can be as high as 11 match points. (Not the 9 match points Rubin's record as claimed in the above links.) 

NOTE: I see that for men's this is basically answered by the Wikipedia article I am linking to. (Well, unless there were some other changes of rules which are not mentioned on Wikipedia.) I quote from the current revision of the article 

Michael Chang, 15 years 7 months, 1987 Las Vegas Richard Gasquet, 16 years, 2002 Montauban Bernard Tomic, 16 years 4 months, 2009 Melbourne Kent Carlsson, 16 years 7 months, 1984 Neu-Ulm Marcos Ondruska, 16 years 7 months, 1989 Durban Rafael Nadal, 16 years 9 months, 2003 Barletta Félix Auger-Aliassime, 16 years 10 months, 2017 Lyon Novak Djokovic, 17 years, 2004 Budapest Paul Dogger, 17 years, 1988 Porto Juan Martín del Potro, 17 years 1 months, 2005 Montevideo References By checking similar list for WTA Tour on Wikipedia we can find the following year-end No. 1's without GS in the same year