2) However, Augustine can be read more straightforwardly. Evil is "required" for the perfection of the world just like black paint is required for the perfection of a painting (evil can be interpreted as lack of good rather than something onto itself but that is beside the point). God is immoral, and he is beyond our conception of morality, his notion of perfection is his own. This is much bolder, and similar to Plotinus's position on the existence of the One, the One can not exist because it is "prior to all existence". But it does evoke the unpleasant taste of "ends justify the means". It is one thing to use "God is beyond our logic and comprehension" to get rid of unliftable stones, it is quite another to convince people to worship an immoral perfectionist. Levi-Strauss, one of the founders of French structuralsim in humanities, named Marxism and psychoanalysis among his influences, and there are some triadic developments in his writings, e.g. the dialectic of "langue and parole" (Saussurian distinction of language and speech) in The Structural Study of Myth (1955). See also the OAC discussion Is structuralism an elaboration of dialectics? Levi-Strauss's general historicist outlook is also Hegelian: In fact, classical logic does apply to "properly phrased" sentences of quantum mechanics. This however means that some sentences like "electron will be detected in such and such area" have no truth value most of the time. If one wants to make them have it one has to redefine what "truth value" means, and use logic that is non-classical, that is what is called "quantum logic". The difference with the standard description however is purely technical, we now allow some sentences that previously made no sense to have it, by changing the meaning of what "sense" is. In quantum logic "truth values" are subspaces of a Hilbert space, "negation" is their orthogonal complement, and "conjunction" is their intersection. So the value of "electron will be detected at such and such area" will be the subspace defined by projection to that area. This rephrasing is indeed not very popular lately, but it has nothing interesting to say about the non-contradiction law. This law still holds in quantum logic because a subspace intersects its orthogonal complement only trivially at 0. [...] All these efforts fall to the problem already seen, an irresolvable tension between universality and successful functioning... if they are general enough to be universal and still true, the axioms or principles become vague, vacuous, or circular. A principle of uniformity must limit the extent of the uniformity posited. For the world is simply not uniform in all but a few specially selected aspects and those uniformities are generally distinguished as laws of nature. The trouble is that in less trivial contexts possible worlds can not be precisely specified or surveyed, so they do not form a set ("sample space"). Because of the vagueness of description, or because there are too many of them, or both. Is it possible that the sun won't rise tomorrow? Depends on the meaning of possible. Is it possible that Russell could have been non-human? Depends on the philosophy of modality. Can a possible world be constructed with a level of detail even remotely approaching the actual world? Not humanly. But complete and determinate possible worlds are reasoned about by analogy with the actual world nonetheless, despite the fact that no ways of constructing and/or accessing such things are available, let alone surveying their totalities. Rebuttal: Don't do X and you won't be punished We can argue in broad generalities that "if the nature is not uniform we are in trouble anyway so we might as well optimistically assume it uniform", and even throw in the anthropic principle for good measure ("in universes with non-uniform natures no intelligent creatures can exist"), but it does not provide what a justification must: when it is supposed to work. So at best it is a vague methodological maxim. Generally, when we discover some persistent empirical coincidence, how are we to decide if it is necessary or just true? I can think of two possible approaches, a testing principle or a guiding principle, perhaps their is a third or they can be mixed. When it comes to justification there is a symmetric problem of deduction. But forming general opinions or laws is not part of deduction, it is abductive (or in older terminology inductive), when it comes to science it is the "hypothetical" part of the hypothetico-deductive method, see Are “if smoke then fire” arguments deductive or inductive? for more on abduction in science. Probability works when it narrows possibility to a manageable set of determinate outcomes at the expense of limiting their range and making them highly schematic. Modal logic tries to do the same, but trades quantitative precision for a wider applicability of qualitative conclusions. Even that may distort the notion of possibility. As Felt writes in Impossible Worlds: Of course, in conversational language such restrictions are often left implicit, but this is a problem not so much for logic or semantics as for linguistic pragmatics, which studies speech acts and how speakers infer implicit restrictions from the context, like prior conversation, environment, shared background, etc. In programming languages the requisite background is made explicit by splitting variables into data types, and modularization, restricting the use of a variable to within the procedure where it is defined, and its subprocedures, as in object-oriented programming. This is officially called the fallacy of relative privation, colloquially better known as appeal to worse problems, or "children are starving in Africa" argument. The implication is that anything short of starving children is not worthy of serious discussion. More precisely the fallacy is "arguing that expressing concern about a (relatively) small problem means that the person doesn't care about any larger problems. A type of Strawman, this fallacy takes the opponent's claim and appends to it the following additional claims: I think several different things are mixed together here. "Eating a cookie won't hurt me, because it's only 100 calories" is not fallacious, taken at face value it is valid. Bringing in "broader context" is called the slippery slope argument, and at least traditionally doing that is considered fallacious. However, there are pragmatic defenses of the slippery slope in policy debates, see Volokh-Newman's In Defense of the Slippery Slope: