Also, the first line from the Saxon Chronicles: 

As just one example of this, one of the older and more important manuscript of Roman literature is the Codex Memmianus which has copies of numerous ancient works in Latin. This book is believed to have been written in Tours around 820 A.D. Another important manuscript is the Medicean Codex, which has all seven tragedies of Aeschylus, as well as books of Livy, Tacitus, Virgil and many other important works. This manuscript was written in the 10th century and appears to have been copied directly from original Latin and Greek scrolls of the 5th century or earlier. The earliest known manuscript of Pliny, one of the most important Roman scientific authors, is the Codex Moneus, which dates to the 5th century and was created and stored in a monastery in Austria. 

Latin was the lingua franca of the entire island and it was widely spoken by not just ex-Roman communities like Wasperton, Withington and Viroconium, but in many other areas. This is what Bede wrote in the first sentence of his book on the history of Britain: Sometimes horses were used for travel in relays between stations. This was mostly for military messenging and was VERY expensive. Also, there were some special horse-riding cultures like Mongols and Scythians of various types. These races of men used specialized saddles and specially bred horses. Also, these men tended to be light and small of stature. I assume your story does not take place in northern Asia. If you really want to show a different, regional style of dress for Egypt and Tyre, your best bet is to go with Greek styles. Both Egypt and Tyre were run by the Greeks and the traditional outfits were Greek. There is a very famous mosaic called the "Nile Mosaic of Palaestrina" which depicts a range of views of Alexandrian life (as imagined by Romans). This mosaic should give you a good idea of the types of clothing that was worn by the upper classes in both Alexandria and Tyre at that time. Here is a detail from that mosaic: 

Thus, Hannibal's campaign of 216 was over with him unable to even take Cassino, much less approach Rome. The Romans very much wanted to conquer Ireland, because the Irish were a constant source of weapons and "rebellibus" support to the Scots and Welsh for attacks on Roman communities. During the fifth campaign of Agricola he reached partem Britanniae quae Hiberniam aspicit (the part of Britain that faces Ireland), but he never controlled it sufficiently to attempt a crossing. There are other Ptolemaic mosaics which you can find in archaeological books with similar content. In the mosaic above you can see men wearing both chitons and robes. Romans never wore robes, but would wear chitons casually. For your purposes, a robe like the long-sleeve ones on the right in the mosiac with the colored borders would probably be most appropriate, as that would seem like an "oriental" outfit to a Roman. The Gaels were very keen to control the area because there are a lot of tin mines there, which is needed to make bronze, their main weapon material. The "Greco-Roman" culture did not depend on Arabs to preserve it. Relatively few Roman works of science and literature are known only from Arab sources/translations. The literature of Greece and Rome was transmitted, as you said by the Byzantines, but also by many other sources including the Irish, the churches of Asia Minor and the Levant, the Romans themselves (to the extent they survived), the Christian Egyptians (the "Copts"), and the Christians in other parts of Europe, especially Gaul (France). 

To invade Ireland, the Romans would first have needed to gain full control of either Wales or the Clyde estuary in Scotland, something they never succeeded in doing.