It's quite possible for a community of individuals to engage in individually rational behaviour; but which when considered collectively can be irrational; this is one aspect of the Tulip Mania. In any axiomatic system, one can easily 'destroy' the system by denying the rigor of a definition, or some part of it; or by denying the truth of an axiom. After all, the whole of Euclids Elements is technically invalidated if one denies there is such a thing as a dimensionless point (and I should point out there modern theories of geometries that do just that - some geometries having no points whatsoever). But this move is a strange one if one wants to understand the importance of the Elements. Given that Kant was answering Hume skeptism which was profoundly influenced by Sextus Empirucus texts on Pyrrhonism; and that there is evidence that Pyrrho visited India and debated with gymnosophists which, are most likely to have been Jain philosophers perhaps some of their terminology may be useful here: For an alternative understanding of this long development, one could turn towards Buddhism, especially in Nagarjunas formulation. Here the idea of substance as begun by Aristotle is rejected in its entirety. Existence, in the Western sense, they would argue has no meaning - 'the essenceless of no essence'. Now, for example, if a man says 'I suppose that ...' He acknowledges the life of the body as well as the thought that animates a man: He then compares the absurdity of man's life with the situation of Sisyphus, a figure of Greek mythology who was condemned to repeat forever the same meaningless task of pushing a boulder up a mountain, only to see it roll down again. Thus also all geometrical principles, e.g. that in a triangle two sides together of a triangle are always greater than the third, are never derived from general concepts of line and triangle, but rather are derived from intuition, and indeed are derived with apodictic certainty. This raises the possibility, given that Gauss is generally given the credit for discovering non-Euclidean geometry (though Bolyai and Lobachevsky published first) that he was directly influenced by Kantian concepts; this reading definitely goes against almost all secondary literature I've seen - for example Bardi himself repeats this, as does Deutsch; however when one actually turns to the primary literature and examines the section in question where Kant touches on concepts of space (The Transcendental Aesthetic - A25), one finds: So if Kant was here, standing on his soap-box, saying: '[I suppose or posit] the possibility of conditional value ...' And he starts his preface in the Critique of practical reason explicitly addressing his title: Kant's Die Metaphysik der Sitten (The Metaphysics of Morals, 1797), on the other side, is concerned with applied or empirical practical reason, which includes virtues and vices, foundations of law and politics. Practical sciences are less contentious, at least as regards their range. These deal with conduct and action, both individual and societal. Practical science thus contrasts with theoretical science, which seeks knowledge for its own sake, and, less obviously, with the productive sciences, which deal with the creation of products external to sciences themselves. Both politics and ethics fall under this branch. This is why Kant employes a deduction. Kant's "deduction" is not used in the modern sense, but in a way used in German legal language at the time. Here Deduktion meant a proof of the quid iuris (the matter of the law) in opposition to the quid facti (the matter of the fact). As Kant's argument does not involve the rule of law in a literal sense, the analogy that he tries to convey is about a legitimate source of justification not concerned with establishing matters of fact. Further, Kant argues about a barrier beyond which nothing can be known. Analogously, Wittgenstein argues about a barrier beyond which nothing can be said. First, Kant's conception of space is analogous to the long-held view that colors, smells and such are subjective, "phenomenal", and do not exist independently of us (in modern philosophy, this view is often attributed to John Locke). Kant thought of space, then, in the same way that a physicist thinks of colors. To think that space really existed would be analogous to thinking that colors existed physically, in addition to particles, waves and such. The point of benevolence as duty is that one acts from the free part of one's nature. Sentiments (feelings, desires) one just happens to have. They are not freely chosen. Second, Kant held that attempts to regard "phenomena", such as space, as things-in-themselves, would lead to logical contradictions. The first antinomy is held to demonstrate, that attempting to rule whether time, or space, are finite or infinite, would result in contradiction. Kant did not reject the virtue of benevolence. He embraced it. He did argue that benevolence ought to be based on a sense of duty, rather than on mere sentiment (feeling, desire).