On the contrary, however, this becomes a nice bonus when you actually want to stack a certain stats. Items can't roll the same bonus stat twice. If we go with the example from above, you now can circumvent this fact by adding another +22 vitality gem into the socket, thus giving you even more life on the item (good for tanks, for example). In Nightmare, the first thing you will probably have to do is change your gear out for some gear that has higher Vitality on it. The exact amount that you need will probably vary with your playstyle and build, but you will have a hard time if you have less than 10k HP by the middle of Act II, and about at least 17-18k at the end of Act IV (I personally had 22k, which made playing really comfortable). You can reach much higher life-numbers in Nightmare, if you want to. I think it's probably possible to reach 30k and a bit further, if you purely use Vitality-focused gear and gems, however, it's probably not necessary. With my 22K, I already didn't do an enormous amount of damage, and it can only get less with more HP. If you want an estimate off the amount of gold you can charge, you should better look for items with the same attributes as yours. Alright, I took the time to try it out, and just finished it (it was pretty close though, even though I'm already Level 30, I finished 5 minutes before the end of the timer). Also, characters won't expire. You can in fact do it with a developed character by going back to the quest via the character screen. If the shrines are of different type (e.g. Fortune Shrine and Enlightenment Shrine) then yes, both effects can be active at the same time. They will both be listed as separate buffs above your spellbar. This does, of course, mean that special opponents such as champions, bosses, or the treasure goblin have a higher chance of dropping them, but unfortunately, I don't think there is a place with tons of champions always walking around. Basically, you're up to your fortune here in how lucky you are to find gems. Helmets, rings, amulets, weapons, and offhands: Currently, there is no faster way to switch the skills. Most likely, this is precisely to prevent what you're trying to do. If Blizzard wanted us to be able to use that many different abilites live during combat, they would've given us more than 6 skills at a time. The concept of bind-on-equip doesn't exist in Diablo III. Bashiok said something about it here (scroll down to his post): By the way: The same thing counts for all other achievements. For example, there is one to kill the Skeleton King within 30 seconds, which I picked up along the way, too. Binding isn't really substantial in making a viable economy, but it is really good at establishing item prestige. Which is how it's used in WoW.