He believed the sentence was excessive, and justice had already been served. Conveniently, Obama gave a press conference on the day this question was asked, and he answered this very question himself. Thomas Drake: One year probation and community service. 

ETA: I am asking about this president generally but I am most interested in Republican positions considering the firing of the James Comey, the president's admission that it was because of the investigation against himself (or his campaign, whatever), and the president's subsequent threat against Comey. And if any of that has had an effect on Republican support for impeachment. 

Additionally, according to this poll, in 2015 a record 43% of voters were independent. (I could not find figures for the 2016 election but I imagine it is even higher considering the upward trend.) So the effect is that some states exclude nearly half of voters from their primary elections. That is not to mention other exclusionary tactics such as lengthy residency and party registration requirements, most infamously New York's onerous six month party registration requirement, which exclude even more people. In the United States, primary elections are publicly-funded (I had trouble finding a direct citation for this but top Google hits are in general agreement that taxpayers pay most if not all the costs). But not all states allow all registered voters to participate. Some states (Wikipedia counts twelve) hold closed primaries, where only party members may vote in a particular party's primary, thus disenfranchising independent voters, and even voters registered to parties that do not hold their own primary. This answer says it is even a crime for an independent voter to attempt to participate in a closed primary election! I understand that the parties are private organizations which are free to conduct their own elections however they like, but their elections are publicly-funded and state-administered. Taxpayers pay for their elections, and government employees execute them, all for the exclusive benefit of the parties. And yet some states make it a crime for registered voters to vote unless they are already associated with the party - sometimes up to six months in advance of an election. Considering how many people this excludes, doesn't this violate the Equal Protection Clause? Summary: There won't be a general election. The succession will continue to follow the line of succession as established in the Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. So, all of these led to a crisis of confidence, making its debt a big problem. Lastly, this's the graphic that's "shared widely on Reddit": 29 December: Mr Flynn holds a phone call with the Russian ambassador Also, other countries are not willing to lend to Greece money at reasonable rates, so Greece is unable to keep paying to service its current debts while carrying out basic government functions. Furthermore, Greece is quite bad at collecting taxes, as seen from OECD data, it has a 89.5% of outstanding undisputed tax debt. Its GDP growth was also negative from 2008 to 2013. 

So, in this circumstance, it is a better move for him to do that. 

And the White House's Press Secretary: Should the Supreme Court have more than 3 vacancies, it will not be able to conduct business. 

If Trump's cost of travel stays consistent throughout his entire presidency, he is set to outpace Obama by a long shot. If he stays in office for one term, his travel costs could reach $480 million. A second term could see that price tag skyrocketing to $960 million. In comparison, Obama's travel cost hit a mere $97 million throughout his eight years in the White House. 

Article 2, Section 3, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution gives the President the right to pardon: 

According to an article by the Politico, it quoted an official from Utah saying that changing it now isn't allowed: 

Basically, most of Trump's nominees are still awaiting to clear the respective Senate committees. 

Source: https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/07/11/press-gaggle-principal-deputy-press-secretary-sarah-sanders-7112017 

Flynn resigned to avoid embarrassment to the Trump administration since he misled both the public and the Trump administration yet the Trump administration publicly defended him. No, it has never happened. There hasn't been any President-elect that died before Inauguration Day and after the Electoral College votes. Update - WH Statement According to the White House spokesperson Sean Spicer, Trump seemed to have requested the resignation of Flynn due to a "trust issue". 

Senate confirmations only require a simple majority vote as shown in this document: 

What's the difference between an executive order and a presidential memorandum? 

Do they collaborate with other news networks when projecting the winner or do they project the winner independently? For example, CNN projected the winner, do ABC News or NBC also project it? 

The President has 10 days, not counting Sundays, to sign or veto the bill. If he does not take any action within 10 days and Congress is in session, it will automatically become the law. Apparently yes. According to this article by Bustle, his travel cost would exceed Obama's by a huge margin. Note: I'm not asking about any particular presidency, so any example would be fine; it doesn't have to be related to this year's election. It's improbable that it would happen this year since both the Senate and the presidency are held by the Republicans. When doing some research, I found out that: As all high government officials require the consent of the Senate, would it be possible for a opposition-held Senate to continuously reject the nominations by the President?