Context Reading Man who threw boiling water on gay couple will spend 40 years in prison: (iii) The Presidential Memorandum of November 3, 2015 (Mitigating Impacts on Natural Resources from Development and Encouraging Related Private Investment); and 

Obama quietly sent $221 million to the Palestinian Authority hours before leaving office as seen in this article from Business Insider. 

In Michael Flynn's Russia payment likely broke disclosure laws, lawmakers say: 

The 48-year-old wasn’t charged with a hate crime because Georgia is one of five states that do not have hate crime statutes. An FBI spokesman told Reuters that federal investigators are considering whether to charge Blackwell with a federal hate crime. Note: This seems to have already started 

Would it be possible for the Senate Democrats to block any of Donald Trump's nominations within the 52-48 Republican majority Senate? or would this be deemed implausible as a minority? 

The existence of Mr. Trump’s request is the clearest evidence that the president has tried to directly influence the Justice Department and F.B.I. investigation into links between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russia. 

With the withdrawal of the ACHA bill due to shortage of votes 

Written in Comey Memo Says Trump Asked Him to End Flynn Investigation: About HJ-6 The issue they are talking about in the video is House Joint Resolution #6 (HJ6). This resolution would ask for a Constitutional convention to be convened to discuss voting and electoral changes. A common carrier is defined in the same act: There is no distinction between citizens and non-citizens; Congress just can't make these kinds of laws. These protections apply to anyone subject to American law. This includes citizens, non-citizen residents, legal and illegal aliens, people living on military basis (whether U.S. citizens or not), and a host of other edge cases (such as foreign contractors who are subject to U.S. commercial law). However, it does not include people in other countries or who are otherwise not subject to U.S. law. 

Citizen-Specific First, it is true that some Constitutional provisions only apply to U.S. citizens. This includes the right to run for office, as well as protection from discrimination in the voting process. As long as Title II is on the books, they don't have a choice -it must be applied to all common carriers. 

In Michael Flynn's Russia payment likely broke disclosure laws, lawmakers say: 

With the withdrawal of the ACHA bill due to shortage of votes Would it be possible for the Senate Democrats to block any of Donald Trump's nominations within the 52-48 Republican majority Senate? or would this be deemed implausible as a minority? 

Context Reading Man who threw boiling water on gay couple will spend 40 years in prison: 

(i) The Report of the Executive Office of the President of June 2013 (The President's Climate Action Plan); and Obama quietly sent $221 million to the Palestinian Authority hours before leaving office as seen in this article from Business Insider. (iii) The Presidential Memorandum of November 3, 2015 (Mitigating Impacts on Natural Resources from Development and Encouraging Related Private Investment); and Written in Comey Memo Says Trump Asked Him to End Flynn Investigation: 

Many conservative and moderate Republicans opposed the legislation. Ryan says pulling the bill was "a setback, no two ways about it." The existence of Mr. Trump’s request is the clearest evidence that the president has tried to directly influence the Justice Department and F.B.I. investigation into links between Mr. Trump’s associates and Russia. 

Note: This seems to have already started The 48-year-old wasn’t charged with a hate crime because Georgia is one of five states that do not have hate crime statutes. An FBI spokesman told Reuters that federal investigators are considering whether to charge Blackwell with a federal hate crime. There is no distinction between citizens and non-citizens; Congress just can't make these kinds of laws. 

These protections apply to anyone subject to American law. This includes citizens, non-citizen residents, legal and illegal aliens, people living on military basis (whether U.S. citizens or not), and a host of other edge cases (such as foreign contractors who are subject to U.S. commercial law). However, it does not include people in other countries or who are otherwise not subject to U.S. law. 

I haven't been able to find committee rules on the Maryland General Assembly's website, but in the states I am familiar with there is no requirement for the committee to vote on the bill. Many (perhaps most) bills die in committee without any action. 

Why would they? Accusation of having committed a crime does not prevent someone from running for the presidency or being elected. Nothing in someone's criminal history prevents them from being president. There would be no (legal) reason to change the election date. 

Citizen-Specific First, it is true that some Constitutional provisions only apply to U.S. citizens. This includes the right to run for office, as well as protection from discrimination in the voting process. 

The text of Title II explicitly says this: 

As long as Title II is on the books, they don't have a choice -it must be applied to all common carriers. Who Don't These Apply To? These protections don't apply to everyone. For example, it would (obviously) be a mistake to think that the U.S. constitution protects Turkmeni protestors in Turkmenistan from action by their own government. Other cases may not be so clear. So where is the line drawn?