However, in the article, the author also writes that, In his book Beyond the Limits of Thought while talking about Russell's solution of paradoxes Graham Priest writes (text made bold, footnotes and references omitted), In Mathematics, we as an undergraduate are exposed for the first time (at least for me it was the case) to 'rigor'. For example, in Real Analysis classes we often use logical quantifiers in our arguments. However, the curious thing is that even though we are told to use formal reasoning in our arguments we are never told explicitly the reason behind using formal reasoning. "Take, for example, the law of excluded middle: every proposition is either true or false . Since this has a quantifier over all propositions, it cannot be expressed." - I don't understand why "this" has a quantifier over all propositions. So far in any modern representations of (Classical) First Order Logic, I haven't seen (nor can I remember) the LEM being represented as such. Indeed, after what Conifold says here, I don't understand what Priest means when he claims that "it cannot be expressed". How is he able to claim so? "Even decent statements of the VCP cannot be made without violating the VCP since they must say that for any function, f, any propositional function which 'involves' f cannot be an argument for f. Such statements are impossible by Russell's own admission." - As I understand, here also Priest's objection relies on the use of "for any function". If this is so, then as I have asked in my first question, it is not clear to me as why does he claim that "[e]ven decent statements of the VCP cannot be made without violating the VCP". If this is not the case then what did Priest intend to mean here? The two main criticisms against the philosophical position on mathematics which is called game formalism (see here for details) are, This solution is, frankly, disingenuous. For, however we express it, what we are supposed to understand by a systematically ambiguous formula, such as the formal statement of the Axiom of Reducibility above, is exactly what would be obtained by prefixing the formula with a universal quantifier '∀f', ranging over all functions. There must therefore be such a thought, though it cannot be expressed in the theory of orders.