I know little about the US recruitment market but in Europe and Australia, traditional recruitment agencies work like this: All up, it's all just a little odd. Obviously Jeff and Joel think they've got a fairly lucrative audience (for employers) with tie-ins to the already successful Joel job boards. I think they may be overvaluing the association with SO because ultimately that association is simply a URL to your profile. I haven't seen the employer's search but if it also includes searches that use your contributions against different tags as some kind of criteria then obviously that isn't something easily reproducible elsewhere. Now as much as I hate recruitment agents (95% of them are utterly useless and actually impede getting the right person) they do do something: they filter candidates (often badly but still...), act as an umbrella (for insurance purposes and payroll) for contractors and the like. Something like this lives or dies by reaching critical mass of job seekers using and employers use it. With SO Careers making money on both ends, one wonder if it will reach this. I commented on this also, although not from the point of view of startups. Lastly: startups. Not an area I'm particularly familiar with but if HN is to be believed, it works to a much greater degree on word-of-mouth than traditional recruitment. That being said, I kind of agree that if you're going to spend $100k+ (including on-costs) on employing someone for a year, spending even $5k to find the right person is cheap. But I guess cash flow can be an issue too. Indicate whether the post being deleted is a question or answer. Actually I'd question the need to raise this flag on questions. If the question can be deleted (no answers or only one zero scored answer) then should we really be bothered that the user is deleting them? Show the score of the post being deleted (for both questions and, more importantly, answers) and/or discount negatively scored answers. Show how many competing answers there are (for answers only, obviously). It's less of a problem if someone is deleting one of 10 answers, but if their's is the only answer then it's potentially more serious. Only raise the flag if the combined score of the posts deleted is greater than some threshold - possibly 5. Only raise the flag if this is the second time in as many days that they've hit the delete limit - regardless of the score of the posts. This will help the moderators as then we'll know that there is potentially something serious going on. It will also help users who are genuinely just trying to clean up the site by removing unnecessary content as they'll know that they're not going to attract the attention of the moderators. People answer questions on Stack Exchange because they want to, not because they have to. Obviously still have the 3 non-moderator delete votes requirement. Why not make it official and close as a duplicate? Something like this lives or dies by reaching critical mass of job seekers using and employers use it. With SO Careers making money on both ends, one wonder if it will reach this. Lastly: startups. Not an area I'm particularly familiar with but if HN is to be believed, it works to a much greater degree on word-of-mouth than traditional recruitment. That being said, I kind of agree that if you're going to spend $100k+ (including on-costs) on employing someone for a year, spending even $5k to find the right person is cheap. But I guess cash flow can be an issue too. It would be really useful to be able to browse my own questions like I can all questions and that is by one or more tags. Sometimes I'm looking for a particular question to reference and just can't find it (without google) but I'll have a fair idea of what it's tagged. Location seems like something worth adding here. All up, it's all just a little odd. Obviously Jeff and Joel think they've got a fairly lucrative audience (for employers) with tie-ins to the already successful Joel job boards. I think they may be overvaluing the association with SO because ultimately that association is simply a URL to your profile. I haven't seen the employer's search but if it also includes searches that use your contributions against different tags as some kind of criteria then obviously that isn't something easily reproducible elsewhere. The first requires each site's moderators to be contacted in turn and to be around, the second relies on there being a community team member around to act, or for the moderator to remember to suspend the account for 30 or 365 days and use the "contact cm" option on the account. In the migration window, a link to a target site's FAQ page would be more useful than a link to the site itself. This would give closers a better idea of whether the question would be acceptable on the target site. At the moment when a moderator on site A spots this they have to do one of the following: If we limit it to the occasions when an post is deleted or undeleted or a question is migrated (which deletes the answers) then it shouldn't be too much of a hit on the database. Obviously still have the 3 non-moderator delete votes requirement. People answer questions on Stack Exchange because they want to, not because they have to. I'd suggest something along the lines of this: I like the the idea of being able to mark my account on site A as not publicly visible (to non-moderators) on other profiles. This would also mean that no other profiles would appear on my account on said site. Any thoughts on this from the dev team? Indicate whether the post being deleted is a question or answer. Actually I'd question the need to raise this flag on questions. If the question can be deleted (no answers or only one zero scored answer) then should we really be bothered that the user is deleting them? Show the score of the post being deleted (for both questions and, more importantly, answers) and/or discount negatively scored answers. Show how many competing answers there are (for answers only, obviously). It's less of a problem if someone is deleting one of 10 answers, but if their's is the only answer then it's potentially more serious. Only raise the flag if the combined score of the posts deleted is greater than some threshold - possibly 5. Only raise the flag if this is the second time in as many days that they've hit the delete limit - regardless of the score of the posts. This will help the moderators as then we'll know that there is potentially something serious going on. It will also help users who are genuinely just trying to clean up the site by removing unnecessary content as they'll know that they're not going to attract the attention of the moderators.