In the time of Charlemagne, governance was exercised by a king and his military advisers. Currently governance is exercised by a state supported by economic advisers. There is another term that would shed some light on this question - there is a prejorative word for people who scavenge the battlefield and loot the dead or nearly dead. One of the reasons that they are held in such contempt is that they have a reputation for "assisting" the wounded to die so that they can steal their worldly goods (and sometimes even their teeth). If I could remember that term, I might be able to search for examples that align with what OP wants. Second, "economics" undergoes a couple of phase changes in the period. First, the downfall of the ancien regime because the governance of France rejected any and all competent economic advisers. Then Adam Smith articulates real economics for the first time. Before that, economics was idiots in a sandbox with sharp knives. (I am doing a disservice to brilliant men who overthrew the Corn Laws and a dozen other geniuses who happened on the right answer without any of the tools, but I'm writing an H:SE answer, not a book.) We'd both be willing to be that there is an (undocumented) continuous tradition from Rome to the height of Comedia - which means that it would be present in OP's period, and providing lowbrow lazzo. What passes for a humorous answer Of course the plague struck throughout the labor market, raising the price of labor everywhere. There were very few places where Britain could have imported labor. Production of labor remains constrained by the very inefficient labor production mechanism - it takes 10-15 years to produce a new unit of labour (and in the time period, approximately 50% of the new production of labour failed to pass quality testing). Modern labor production is more reliable, but legal restrictions impose a minimum 16 year cycle on the production of new labor. Although production of new labor has been effectively restricted to less than 50% of the population, analysis of the data fails to demonstrate a significant increase in the welfare of those who have a monopoly on the production of new labor. OP's question imposes some very strange assumptions. "one of the armies starts to have a lot of casualties and starts to retreat" - I don't have a citation, but there is a West Point Study that shows that almost all armies will rout before they reach 40% casualties. Every time one side routs, the soldiers lose disciple and retreat in disorder from the battlefield. This will include some combination of running and hiding that is, as far as I can tell, no different from "faking one's death". Most of the time taxes were paid in kind (chickens, grain, etc.) Other taxes were paid in labor - time spent laboring in the lord's field or building his roads, or other required service. Most people didn't have any coin. (I don't have a source, but I remember one village in England where a single coin was used to settle all debts in the village on a single day; in technical terms, the supply of money was small, but the velocity of money was huge for one day out of the year). You may also want to research "rose rent". There were different tax customs for towns, nobles, yeomen, and other special categories. In a comment to another post, I mentioned that years of martial arts training and acquaintances who like to hit each other in simulated historical combat have taught me that it is perfectly possible to break bones or kill an opponent without breaching armor. Even if the armor is intact, sufficient force can break the bone or cause a coup-counter-coup concussion. But that relies on maximizing the force delivered through the armor. 1) Generally he wouldn't; his parents would find someone to give him employment. Family connections were key. The madrigal with the chickens I mentioned last night is mid-1500s. Nubs concentrate force and reduce the chance that the hammer will merely slide off the armor. The blow is more likely to convey the force to the inhabitant of the armor. And mea culpa - this answer would be improved by sources. @T.E.D found this discussion of engineering constraints in blunt weapons that is pertinent Then John Maynard Keynes articulates macroeconomics for the first time. This is the real inflection point that answers your question - a practical, testable theory of economics that can be used to improve governance. 2) Free labor. Apprentices worked for you at essentially no wages; there were almost no limits on the surplus value the master could extract from the apprentice and almost no oversight. Update @jwenting points out that the relationship between master and apprentice is more complex than I've presented here. He's correct: I'm going to incorporate his answer here with full credit The classical answer This is a classic wage price spiral arising from a supply shock. The death of 1/3 of the laboring class resulted in in a reduction of the supply for labor, and a resulting rise in the demand for labor. According to classical economics the rise in the demand for labor should have caused labor to flow to the affected area.