The UK economy has continued to grow, but the national debt has grown faster. Some economists have criticised the assumption that austerity will promote increased growth. The UK government remains committed to austerity measures such as the cap on public sector pay; but in a speech on 20 June 2017 Chancellor Philip Hammond acknowledged public discontent with austerity, and suggested the government would consider increased borrowing to invest in economic growth. Exactly what form this investment may take remains to be seen. 

It was decided by the UK Supreme Court that the government cannot instigate Brexit at all without the approval of Parliament. Parliament has already passed an Act authorising the Prime Minister to trigger article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty and begin the formal process of leaving the EU. At that time, the Queen could have refused royal assent to the Act and stopped Brexit. 

A somewhat analagous situation is the Middle East peace talks held by President Bill Clinton after the 2000 election, but before the inauguration of George W Bush. Clinton was certain to leave office within a few weeks, and there was no guarantee that either Congress or President Bush would support his policy. Nevertheless, at that time Clinton had the authority to negotiate on behalf of the United States. 

The 2017 Labour manifesto includes commitments to radical change in public services, economic and social policy. All of these things would occupy a substantial amount of effort and parliamentary time. Corbyn was signalling he wished to emphasise these issues instead of constitutional reform. 

We can conclude that yes, older voters do skew more conservative than the general population. This is not so for the BBC. Even during the Second World War, the BBC maintained its editorial independence; this was a deliberate policy, as it was believed the BBC would be more trusted if it was seen to be independent rather than a direct mouthpiece for government. 

Contingent liabilities: The EU incurred contingent liabilities while the UK was a member state. These liabilities effectively constitute payments that would be triggered in specific circumstances only, for example, Ukraine defaulting on its EU loan. 

All of the above countries had legal and political systems very closely based on the British model. As it turned out, there was no barrier to a peaceful and lawful transition from constitutional monarchy to republic. Another relevant example is: