This was only the beginning, more problems arose with access to the manuscripts, the microfilming machinery, etc., and the endeavor went nowhere. Only in 1953 did Schrecker finally succeed, and the microfilms were deposited at the University of Pennsylvania library. 

What Kant sees as his solution to the Humean problem, as inspired by Hume's Enquiry, covers also a more expanded version of it in the Treatise. However, a century later Husserl, who read all of Hume's major works including the Treatise, and considered himself influenced by Hume and not by Kant, developed a different non-metaphysical philosophy. But it is still in the style of the "Copernican revolution" and analyzing how knowledge is acquired, so it is highly unlikely that reading the Treatise would have changed the major themes of Kant's philosophy. 

It is hard to say if Gödel's later philosophy of mathematics was determined by his entry jewel, the incompleteness theorem (it certainly played a key role in his arguments), or if it only confirmed his pre-existent disposition. In any case, in the early years he was clearly more interested in logical and linguistic aspects of logical positivism than in its epistemology. By the way, although Gödel's mature philosophy is often glossed as Platonism, it is closer to Aristotelian realism, where ideal objects exist "beside" material ones as their forms, not in a separate realm. In particular, Gödel was self-admittedly influenced by Husserl's modernization of Aristotelian realism. 

Leonardo appears to be the first to realize that moving waves involve no real motion c.1500:"It often happens that the wave flees the place of its creation, while the water does not; like the waves made in a field of grain by the wind, where we see the waves running across the field, while the grain remains in place". 

The notion of agent intellect goes back to Aristotle who distinguished active and passive aspect in the intellect, just as matter and cause are in reality. He was very vague on the nature of this intellect "by virtue of making all things" however. Most Greek and Islamic commentators interpreted Aristotle to mean something transcendent to the human soul, as opposed to "potential" or "possible" intellect of humans, which is part of it. Avicenna elaborated and clarified this transcendent interpretation: agent intellect is the lowest in the series of spiritual substances that rules the sublunar world and illuminates possible intellect with intelligible forms. As such, it is the source of abstract concepts and first principles of science. This dovetailed nicely with Augustinian illumination of the soul by God, and some Christian commentators even identified the agent intellect with God himself. Panpsychism, vitalism, or hylozoism (from Greek hyle, "matter", and zoion, "animal"), the label most commonly used at the time, and the Romantic movement itself, were a reaction against the mechanistic materialism, the "clockwork universe", (questionably) derived by many Enlightenment figures from Newton's Principia. It seemed to overlook "the sacred and the sublime" in nature, its enchanted liveliness, and accordingly left no place for a creative subject immersed into it, a major point for Romantic poets. For historical reasons the movement's philosophical expression came to be associated with Spinoza, and so the animation and the edification of "living Nature" came hand in hand with its deification, pantheism, derived (also questionably) from Spinoza.