If your story is driven more by demands of the symbology than by the plot or characters, then you've written an allegory, not a story. That's not always a bad thing, but it's not what most writers are striving for. 

Many people do make a living as novelists, but it's a very small percentage of the people who write. To offer some personal perspective, over the course of nearly 20 years writing, I've produced one traditionally published book (a picture book). It was well-reviewed, reasonably successful and went through more than one printing. 

Over the lifetime of the book I made about $5000 total. Even doubling that number (due to the fact that I had to split my royalties with an illustrator), I'd have to regularly publish around eight books a year, to similar success, in order to approach the salary of my day job as a programmer. 

Paradoxically, it may also make it more difficult to highlight what is distinctive about your protagonist. Consider The Great Gatsby --if it was written from Gatsby's point of view, it would have been hard to give that same golden shimmer to his wealth and ambition. Nick's fascination with Gatsby is part of what makes Gatsby fascinating. 

If you're determined to self-publish, I'd recommend starting with a combination of electronic and POD. A correctly formatted PDF will work for both formats, and neither has up-front costs if you are working through a reputable distributor/printer. If you become a success that way, you can always upgrade to traditional self-publishing once you have an established audience. 

A general piece of advice, from experience: Don't self-publish unless you are willing and able to do all the publicity and sales for your book yourself. If you are a wonderful self-promoter, you can do well self-publishing. Otherwise it's a recipe for disappointment. 

This technique is called meta-fiction and there are those, including myself, who really enjoy it when done well. 

I think it defeats the purpose, however, if you try to make it too realistic. Then that's just deception. You'll also want your "trimmings" to be considerably more entertaining and engaging than the real versions typically are, otherwise you'll just lose your readers. You'll want to spend some time thinking about the goal and purpose of having those things in there. They'll really need to have some crucial info hidden in them to make it worth anyone's time. 

With such small details, Puzo sketches a sordid and disturbing scene that is all the more indelible for the fact that it takes place entirely "off screen." What makes it so hideous is the portrait of the powerful exploiting the powerless, and the complicity of the mother, the child's putative protector. We get all that in just a few words, without anything graphic or explicit. The obscenity is in the situation, not the words.