When asked why Assistant Secretary Darcy decided to go against the Corps of Engineers recommendation, Kelley her spokesperson said, "the Army decided that the totality of circumstances call for additional analysis, a more robust consideration of alternatives, and additional public information." 

Trump is slightly ahead of schedule according to the reporting of 538, which relies some on the Washington Post:link:538 blog 

Army Secretary Eric Fanning was "supportive" of Darcy's decision but ultimately the decision was hers, the spokesperson said. 

And the Congressional Research Service found that Obama had over 1/4 of his positions vacant 1.5 years into his second term FCW. Your question on how long it usually takes is that no one really knows for sure. 

Second loss would be Judicial Review which is both a loss of power, and a loss of a check on the powers of both the executive and legislative authority. From Federalist No 78: 

Although that's less true of Administrative slots. 

The rule is 2635.402 Disqualifying financial interests, subsection (b) Definitions. Subpart (2) 

The process can take awhile as there are about 1000 positions and the confirmation process is very onerous Slate 

Ed Update, as of Jan 20, Trump has slumped: 

Obviously some of the laws and cases will predate the administration that may need to defend them. 

A longer description of both the case law and interpretation of original jurisdiction can he found here 

So what do I mean when I say a President is overturned? Looking for analysis where the President or the DOJ (either the Attorney General or Solicitor General) enjoins the case either as petitioner or respondent. I would add to this whenever the United States is either the defendant or the prosecutor too. For example when the USSC upheld the Obamacare mandate that would be +1 for Obama. 

(ii) The employee’s minor child; 

But because of the pipeline's size — 30 inches in diameter — its approval went to Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works Jo-Ellen Darcy, an official said. 

--From Article 3 of the US Constitution 

Lost Judicial Powers and Checks and Balances First loss would be the items for which the Supreme Court has Original Jurisdiction, meaning it and only it has purview to review 

The claim is false It clearly allows for of-majority age children. Link, pages 30-31, Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch Final Regulation Issued by the U.S. Office of Government Ethics 

And for your question about being a rubber stamp, well no. Back to the Slate Article: 

As you can see from the above reference, it's perfectly normal to begin naming appointees. There are a lot of them. Please see the Plum book for a full listing. 

(iii) The employee’s general partner; 

(v) A person with whom the employee is negotiating for or has an arrangement concerning prospective employment. (Employees who are seeking other employment should refer to and comply with the standards in subpart F of this part).