I've had a few hands where I have say, KQ and the flop contains K rag Q. Clearly I am favourite here so tend to ram and jam on the flop, turn and river. 

Whatever happens next, I always seem to get burned: 

I understand that this is to stop you getting an immediate positional advantage over the others, but why have the rule at one end and not the other? It would seem daft to constantly fold when A/K arrives on the board without any clear evidence villain has a pair/set/trips. Now there is something to be said for raising and something for seeing the flop as cheaply as possible, but why the two different views? Are these just styles or should something else drive whether I choose one or the other? N.B. I tend to play the fast online variants so there are no player reads to be had. Such examples are Rush (Full Tilt), Fast Forward (Party Poker) and Zoom (PokerStars). 

Player 3's raise stands, and he does not fold until action returns to him. 

If this is your first time playing in a home game, there are a few ways this could be a mistake. The first is cheating; there is a small, generally negligent chance that the dealer and player you are in against are working together. He could have KK, and the dealer could base-deal a third King. Even without knowing that you won't get an ace as well and still win, this makes the odds of you winning very slim. The second is if you will get paid or robbed before you leave the game. Consider a situation where you've been winning all night in a deep game and now sit with 2000BBs. Some home games let players buy in for the largest stack on the table, and if this player is playing on credit, the home game could give you a long run-around for getting your money. The player who loses to you could also have friends in the area planning on taking this money back. 

If no one remains, then he wins the pot before he is able to fold. If he is not there to claim his winnings, then he should be blinded out (if a tournament), or sat out (in a cash game). In the case of a cash game, his money should be set aside and saved, as it is still rightfully his money, including the pot should he have won it. If he is deceased, then I believe his heir or estate has more a claim to the money than the other players at the poker table. You shouldn't be buying in with a stack that you can't lose. If you have $1000 to your name, you shouldn't be playing 5-10. Though it's still possible to win up to this amount. Consider you have $10,000 in your bankroll, and decide to take a very aggressive shot at 5-10 with 1 buy-in. If you lose it, you will move back to 2-5. But then the shot goes very well, and you run your $1000 up to $8000 or so. Most of the time, you should stand up. But let's also pretend it's a very soft table; someone is buying in for $1000 and losing it every hand with no sign of stopping. There may be a situation here that warrants folding AA against a different player; the value in the game so great that you don't want to leave, but you also don't want to take a 20% shot of losing roughly half of your net worth. 

Theoretically, no. For every dollar you and your opponent add to the pot, you stand to win your dollar back plus some of his, regardless of his hand. However there are a few practical edge-cases worth considering. The flop comes and it contains a rocket. 

This question relates to pre-flop play and is aside from the obvious point of being more aggressive the later your position. On a few occasions though, some short stacks cold call and then come over the top on the river and then villain wins with something like 22 hitting a 2 on the river. Due to the small bet, I can't really get a read, but such a hand is costly. Any idea how I should otherwise play it? I've seen many heroes in similar positions simply check on the river but this would have no effect here since villain would still throw in their last coin. This is a 6 handed ring game with no ante and various positions for hero & villain. This is also the fast online variant (rush/snap/zoom etc) so hard to get a read on players without a pretty good memory! 

I understand that this is to stop you getting an immediate positional advantage over the others, but why have the rule at one end and not the other? 

Whatever happens next, I always seem to get burned: 

I can understand what antes bring to a tourney, but why would you have them in regular cash games? I've had a few hands where I have say, KQ and the flop contains K rag Q. Clearly I am favourite here so tend to ram and jam on the flop, turn and river.