A radioactive spider once bit David. Now it puts on a costume and pretends to be a Vice President. Unfortunately, it didn't read my clarification regarding the use of the word "vice" above - so be very careful if you ever encounter a spider wearing a hoodie. Closed, no upvoted or accepted answers, scoring <= 0, no reopen votes, no edits since closed (48K) This isn't really a permanent solution, but until we can work out the extent of the problem here - and a more automated solution - I'm manually suspending reviewing privileges for folks who fail multiple review audits in a short time, where exact definitions for "multiple" and "short" depend largely on overall activity. So Grace Note raised the matter for discussion, while I kicked off an ad hoc experiment on Gardening. Joel, Jaydles, Robert & I met last week to discuss the first two and "quick deletion" in general. Here are three short-term changes we'd like to make: We'll be monitoring the results to see if further adjustments are needed. A few open questions surrounding this change include: Don't worry about the exact details of the algorithm used for blocking - in general, it's fairly conservative as far as who or what gets blocked. On the majority of sites, this will affect few if any users in the near future. Most users will encounter rolling rate-limits and warnings long before they encounter this block. As of the 9th of March, the banner shown to askers whose questions have attracted at least one duplicate close vote has a couple of new options: All moderators on the site will be contacted by us via email, informed of the situation and asked to meet at their earliest opportunity to discuss the removal of the named moderator. Meeting must be held in a private venue to maintain the confidentiality of those involved — we will provide a chat room on http://chat.meta.stackexchange.com that is inaccessible to anyone not invited. Both the venue and timeframe for the meeting must be accessible to all moderators — we will attempt to coordinate the schedules of individual moderators. 3. Automatically delete closed and abandoned questions after a short period of time It's hard to ask folks who already feel they're drowning in an ocean of filth to hold their breath a little longer. I think mog said it best: This doesn't prevent it from being closed, mind you - if someone visits the question directly and votes to close it, that'll both count toward the 5 votes needed to close it and stall the aging for another four days - but it will both reduce the number of people viewing it and hasten the removal of votes on questions for which there is clearly no support for closing. Kevin has implemented (more or less) the system described below. Flaggers with a recent (past 7 days) flagging history consisting of at least 10 handled flags where >= 10% of flags were declined will see the following when they flag: What you can do to help Quality blocks are based on each community's rating of questions and answers, therefore the most useful things you can do are: Hopefully, this will help less prolific flaggers learn to use the system correctly without repeatedly wasting their time and that of the site moderators. Communicating the nature of chat I said at the start that my primary goal here is to re-write the guidance that is given to folks using chat; indeed, several of my co-workers are already hard at work on this. As such guidance must necessarily be grounded in a shared understanding of the nature and purpose of the system itself, and that starts here: I've laid out my observations above; now, what have I overlooked? Background Years ago, Grace Note tossed out a complicated question for discussion: As always, vote your conscience and encourage new members to participate constructively. If we deleted those automatically, that would cover 70% of the questions deleted manually in the last month, and 73% of questions deleted within 2 days of being closed. Forget delayed deletion - for the majority of questions, no one would need to bother deleting them at all. Prior to today, these "comprehensive" checks have been enabled on only 8 sites. After much discussion and soul-searching, we've decided to enable them everywhere. Proceedings Once begun, the following steps must be followed, in order, to completion within a reasonable time frame. If this is not possible, all participants will be notified by us that the process has been discontinued and informed of the resolution (if any). is "be welcoming". Not to the folks who already know and love you, to anyone who has a reason to be here. A year and a couple dozen further experiments later, we built an automated process for this on top of the then-new review system... Yes, they're both very short, and yes, they contain links. But strip the markup, and you still get at least a little bit of useful information. Does that mean these answers should forever hang around the site? No, not necessarily - if it turns out they're just not that useful, they should probably still be removed - or at very least, down-voted so that they rank below other answers. Please report any bugs you find, tagging them exact-duplicates dupehammer. Enjoy! If at least 10% of your flags from the past 7 days were declined, you'll get a little warning next time you go to flag something... Along with a link to your flag history so you can see exactly where the problems arose. If, instead, they edit, they'll be offered this guidance: Great fix! Now most folks reviewing first posts don't do anything at all, and those that do find that trying to automatically audit an open-ended system is fraught with danger. It's the same problem we had with the 10K flag queue, with the addition of a bit of robot-slapping.