There is no "official" statement that I know of regarding this. The Church does not consider those who are menstruating to be unclean. There is no rule against being baptized during that time. As for the tradition, I don't know, but I did learn some things from @Daniel's link. Edit The Church Handbook of Instructions contains nothing concerning this matter. So it is safe to say there is not a big deal. If it was, the handbook would state it. We believe that putting a name on the "prayer roll" will enable that individual with greater blessings from Heaven based on their needs. Temples provide tampons for the women who are. As long as they are using one, there isn't a problem. I read what you were referring to from the link you posted. That was the opinion of the temple worker. In regards to the convert baptisms, I don't know of anything either way. When a woman is baptized they are not asked if they are menstruating, so there is no way to know unless the officiator is told. A name is written down on a piece of paper by a patron, or office worker (if the name is called in), and placed in an envelope of sorts. This is put on the alter during the prayer circle. The words of the prayer is up to the officiator but generally speaking a generalized prayer that their needs will be met is said along with other things. Perhaps, but that only matters if you think that avoiding hurting someone's feelings is more important than sincerely trying to help them improve their lives. The Gospel encourages an eternal perspective, which tends to give us a different ordering of priorities than the strong short-term focus so prevalent in the world today. There have been various updates to the printing of the Book of Mormon over time to correct errors in the typesetting of earlier editions. The first edition was set and printed in haste, from a manuscript handwritten by Oliver Cowdery under Joseph Smith's dictation. Cowdery didn't have the clearest of handwriting, leading to the first edition containing thousands of typos, some of them truly bizarre such as rendering "robber" as "nobler", others more understandable, like changing "formation" to "foundation". If it were to happen during General Conference, I don't know how it would be dealt with, as I've never observed it during my lifetime. I have heard that before I was born, there were a few instances where anti-Mormon protestors managed to gain admission to General Conference and used this time as an opportunity to shout "NO!" or chant slogans in an attempt to disrupt the proceedings. As I understand it, their agitations were dealt with by simply ignoring them. (1) No, it specifically refers to Joseph Smith. I believe the Bible as it read when it came from the pen of the original writers. Ignorant translators, careless transcribers, or designing and corrupt priests have committed many errors. (DHC, vol. 6, p. 57.) The Hebrew word for "virgin" isn't used in the original text. The word that is used is most commonly translated "young girl." Does this upset my faith? Of course not. But if King James' monks, who I do not believe had authority from God to translate His word, can't be trusted not to bias their translation in favor of their preferred belief, neither can anyone else who does not have, as I believe, authority from God to do so. From Joseph's journal (today referred to as the "Documentary History of the Church or DHC) we read: (2) The passage is something that God wanted Joseph to include. When viewed from the belief that Joseph Smith was not a prophet and the LDS church is false, or that the Bible is perfect and unchanged from the day it was written1, the only conclusion is that Joseph was writting himself into history. I stand by my footnote, despite wishing I hadn't included it, with one exception. I should not have boldly used the word "strong." The University of Utah and Brigham Young University both have microfilm copies and may be able to produce a duplicate for you. Stanford University Also appears to have this ability, but it's not 100% clear from the page I've listed.