What is the goal of this filter? When users end up hitting this filter what are we expecting them to be doing? 

Your edit looks correct to me, and rejecting it was indeed inappropriate. 

At the end of the day, SO isn't a place for software recommendations. People go there because they want to answer (or find answers to) specific, practical, objective programming problems, not to provide or get software recommendations. People looking to provide or seek out software recommendations go to Software Recommendations. That more people are interested in answering practical programming problems than software recommendations doesn't make asking people uninterested in software recommendations to recommend software. 

Removing the ability to prevent answers to inappropriate questions greatly harms answer quality, as well as encourages further low quality questions. 

Your assumption is not correct. SO exists to create a repository of knowledge useful to the wider audience of the internet as a whole. The person asking the question need not be helped at all. (Although helping them is a positive side effect, and a secondary goal that you should strive for when possible and applicable.) In general you should be asking yourself, "How can I help everyone who reads this question. (Including the OP)" rather than, "How can I help the OP." 

As far as I can tell everyone has treated you politely and done their best to help you out, despite your best efforts to ignore everything that everyone has been telling you about where to ask your question. You have yet to ask the question where you have been told you should have asked it. 

For a small percentage of users they will be capable of just spending more time and effort on the question to fix enough of the issues to pass the filter. Personally I imagine that, by and large, if they were capable of writing a question good enough to pass the filter it's unlikely they would have hit it to begin with, so most of these users won't be capable of editing the question into appropriate shape on their own. Do others feel that a significant percentage of users will be able to edit the question into appropriate shape on their own. Note that some users in this position may find a way of bypassing the filter through some transformation without truly improving the question enough to be of even mediocre quality. 

Another person also took the time to tell you the appropriate place for you to ask this question (Webmasters) when it was closed, since you stated that you didn't know where to post it. 

If you end up being edit banned then you can petition to have it looked into. If you don't end up getting enough rejections to be banned before the rejections are old enough to not count then nobody is hurt, and it's really not worth mod intervention. If you get banned, and would like to dispute some of the edits, then you can contact the moderation team and they might intervene. 

Also keep in mind that it's pretty hard to suggest improvements to the queue if you haven't ever actually used it, merely been on the side suggesting edits. If you really would like to improve it you're probably best off waiting until you have enough rep to use it, and then using it for some time (a few weeks at least) before you're familiar enough with it's problems to knowledgeably suggest improvements. 

For a while now we have had a filter for new questions that doesn't allow them to be posted until they pass a filter that checks for certain mistakes indicative of very low quality questions. Recently this filter has been altered to be more strict. 

The page tag is all over the map. There are many questions where it means a web page, often a Facebook page. Sometimes it means scrolling through a long text. Sometimes it means virtual memory. Glancing at the questions, there seems to be some other relevant tag, most of the time (html, php, facebook, memory, …). The questions in this tag don't look markedly worse than average (just perhaps a tad badly tagged). All in all, page looks like a prime candidate for burnination. 

The inbox also suffers from being an unrecognizable graphic (how about making this a mailbox? or an envelope?) when there are no unread messages, though I suppose users will quickly get used to its location. 

The link to the list of sites, which I use very occasionally, is about 140 pixels wide and in a nice accessible location near the left margin (though for some reason not flush left). 

This is backward. It's a major drop in usability from the former inbox access which had the inbox as a nice wide button and the first thing on the left (though for some reason not flush left either) whenever messages were pending. 

Is there any reason for retaining the page tag, at least temporarily, that I've missed? Otherwise, the tag should be removed and blacklisted. 

On a similar note, the inbox has a worse contrast than the achievement list. I see the reputation thingy tick away with three characters (soon 4) in bright green that seems poised to assault me, while the inbox is usually a lonesome digit and is in a darkish shade of red that seems to try to stay lurking in its dark alley. 

“the rules” → “all the rules”. Saying that new users don't have to know any rule won't go well. 

The full stop goes at the end of the sentence, after the closing parenthesis. 

I don't think that boasting here sets the right tone. 

Please make the inbox button wider. It really needs to be wider than the site list since it's more useful, at least when there are unread messages. 

I'm unsure about the achievements button (which also has an unrecognizable graphic — is that a bar chart? What does this have to do with achievements?) since I don't know yet what use that list is.