It is interesting to note that during Sulla's two year term as dictator, he was supposed to have had well over a thousand of his political opponents put to death. This resolved the problem of factions within the senate (discussed above), and Sulla was able to retire from office, eventually dying peacefully in his bed. I don't doubt that ancient pirates did re-purpose civilian ships in most cases. Indeed, it is said that even sailors on merchant ships which had been attacked by pirates would turn to piracy themselves when they were otherwise out of work. In fact, the number of vessels reportedly used for piracy by the Cilician pirates virtually guarantees that most were re-purposed civilian craft (Strabo writes that Pompey destroyed 1300 pirate vessels of all sizes). By the time of the census conducted by Augustus in 27 BC, that number had reached 5 million! It looks like you have part of the bowl of a clay pipe. Probably nineteenth century if I had to guess (based on what I can see of the size and shape of the bowl): Caesar crossed the Rubicon on 10 January. Plutarch states that he captured Ariminum before daybreak on the following day. Given good travelling conditions, Antony would certainly have had time to join Caesar at his camp before he crossed. However, if we make allowance for the weather (it was January) it is actually just as likely that he arrived shortly afterwards and joined Caesar with Longinus at Ariminum as Caesar and Adrian Goldsworthy state. 

The legions were increasingly being recruited from the provinces, rather than consisting of men from Rome. Even by the 2nd century BC, many of these provinces were beginning to demand full Roman political status commensurate with their role in maintaining the empire. This would result in the the Social War in 91-88 BC. As we worship now, Peace, Loyalty, Victory, Virtue, Or Concord, with clatter of storks when we hail her. 

The acquisition of an empire required that Rome maintain a permanent military establishment in its provinces to cope with rebellions. These were often loyal to their commanders, rather than to the Senate in Rome, as in the cases of Marius (consul in 106 BC & 104-100 BC) and Sulla (consul in 88 BC, & dictator from 82-79 BC). To dwell in, and as yet we’ve set up no altars to money, 

Even if some of these were just Nero taking the opportunity of settling scores (as is suggested by Tacitus), this was a large-scale conspiracy that included popular Senators, senior military figures and individuals with privileged access to the emperor's person. It has rightly been described as "The beginning of the end for Emperor Nero" (albeit with the benefit of 20/20 hindsight). 

Several sites in addition to Wikipedia have fairly complete lists of the virtues, both private and public. I've haven't yet seen a fully sourced one, but the list on nova Romana at least seems fairly complete. 

For convenience, I've listed the conspirators below, grouped according to their fate: The very existence of the conspiracy weakened the emperor's position. What Nero could not afford was a series of public trials that could inspire further opposition. 

You are right that in his Life of Marc Antony, Plutarch says: However, ancient writers also say explicitly that pirates possessed and used galleys. Cicero, for example makes several references to the pirates' use of galleys in his fifth book against Verrus.