PS. Of course, I am not implying that the Allies should have publicized the Nazi slaughter more. It certainly would have hurt their war effort. 

EDIT: as so well expounded in the other answer, the non-antisemitism of Rommel was relative, i.e., compared to the rest of Germany he appeared to be gentleman - while serving the Nazi regime. 

Also, for all practical purposes, US was already at war: 

Thus, the war plan included a rigid defense and a tight blockade, not a decisive offensive, public statements to the contrary notwithstanding. 

Also, don't forget that Poles were also resettled. 

The bottom line is that, yes, "Soviet troops got into Berlin riding American trucks, walking in American boots and using American trains" (and eating American food), but they also flew both American and Soviet aircraft, rode mostly Soviet tanks, fired Soviet rifles and canons (with US gunpowder) &c &c &c. Without the Western Allies, both their military action and Lend-Lease, the SU would have certainly not been in Berlin in 1945, and might not even been there in 1946, if ever. 

Taking Alsace-Loraine from France Taking Lebensraum from the Slavs in the East Re-taking colonies from Britain and France Obviously, 

PS: Don't confuse this mythical base with automatic and manned weather stations. Lena delta is too far to be useful as such. 

What did matter was that Churchill remembered that the US became highly isolationist after WW1 (even refusing the ratify the Versailles treaty), and his worst fear was that Britain will be left to face the USSR alone in Europe after the US left. So he wanted to preserve France as a Great Power to help Britain counter the SU. (Churchill says so explicitly in his WW2 book). 

Starving/freezing to death about 3M Soviet POWs in 1941 - instead of offering them to fight as collaborators (they started to do that later in the war, but it was far too late). 

This is a typical case of Survivorship bias. Most Holocaust victims left no memoirs (and no surviving relatives either), and did not even have their names recorded as they were murdered. 

The war contribution of France was mostly in denying Germany the use of the French navy. The rest (resistance, Normandie-Neimen &c) is easily balanced by the Vichy France collaboration. 

I think you answered your own question. 

Despite the general perception of "German efficiency", the 3d Reich was far from efficient, in part due to Hitler's tendency to encourage competition by giving the same task to several people. One example is the existence of the Waffen-SS, which grew from three regiments to over 38 divisions (another being Luftwaffe Field Divisions). 

Political Constraints FDR could not afford to give more ammo to the isolationists, who already were outraged by the aforementioned actions. His political opponents were many and varied - from Nazis and Communists (although the latter switched sides on 1941-06-22) to traditionalists who love to mention Washington/Jefferson's "entangling alliances". 

Stalin: Himmler is trying to make peace, there must be someone who he is talking to. Additionally, "we know" that the Germans are more eager to surrender to the Americans than to us. Treachery!!! 

The nature of science (and the Manhattan project was much more an open-ended research enterprise than a typical modern-style DARPA project) as understood by the luminaries taking part is openness, not secrecy, so things like "need to know"/compartmentalization were anathema to the participants. 

North African oil fields were much less developed at that time (e.g., oil was discovered in Libya only in 1959). Also, extracting the oil requires infrastructure and transporting it to Europe over the Mediterranean - which would have been impossible against the RN and RAF based on Gibraltar, Malta and Egypt. 

PS. It is interesting to compare the behavior of Japanese in the Russo-Japanese war (and WW1) and the WW2. In the former Japan was striving to be accepted as an equal by the Europeans, so they meticulously adhered to the European codes of treating POW. In the latter they already thought themselves above Europe (feeling snubbed at Versaille & League of Nations) and they reverted to the Bushido approach of "surrender as the ultimate dishonor", so they treated POWs as subhumans precisely because they were POWs. 

tl;dr No such base has ever existed. 

The reason both were bad ideas is that a fighting force's efficiency depends on training, and the best training is provided by the colleagues. Thus it is much better to replenish a battle-tested unit than to create a brand new one. This is the rule ignored by both creation of Waffen-SS and LwFD, and by Hitler's policy later in the war when he let existing divisions bleed white while forming new ones. 

Barbarossa was planned while Brauchitsch was the Commander of Heer (Army), so Hitler did not have as much input in the planning as is often perceived. The main idea of the operation was destruction of the Red Army at the border blitzkrieg and a swift occupation of the European Russia until the AA-line (Archangelsk-Astrakhan). Therefore the 3-pronged offensive: 

Because, according to the Constitution (Article 1 Section 8), war is declared by Congress, and Congress was heavily isolationist. 

In the absolute terms one can say with confidence that due to Rommel's actions (his successes on the battlefield) the war lasted longer and many more innocents (Jews, Gypsies, Russians, Poles &c) were murdered. It does appear that these deaths were not to his liking, but they did happen.