For example: if developer is heavily involved with relations with customers (gathers requirements, provides support, install upgrades and makes customizations) and the overall image of the company depend mostly on developer's actions then a share of profits seems as a reasonable reward. But if developer is involved only in back-office actions and she works mostly in a team (like in Scrum) then the most suitable would probably be a reward based on the team performance or on the extraordinary teamwork events. 

If one 'feels' a financial part should play more important role in a motivation system, then one probably needs to think about how comfortable she feels about her base salary. 

I would answer your question as it was about "dealing with other managers" because "preventing others" would mean you do not want to hear other's oppinions and maybe lost some flexibility. 

Edit: To answer @Jonas question in comment: Sell the idea. It usually means you need to deal with each of the managers separately as each of them works in different area of expertise and is trying to achieve different goals. It also means you must find the time for proper explanation of concepts and planned functionalities. Making a big presentation of your strategy will be tempting as it saves some time (you don't need to explain all the details to each of them separately and it gives good impression when it's well done) but such "big bang" usually changes a lot less than expected. Consider selling the idea, piece by piece, by asking the questions: i.e.: "As regards the costs, do you think it is a good idea to let client's internal developers extend our product?" Find some interesting part for each of the managers and make them sell your idea. CEO might be interested in lower costs while the marketing manager may be interested in knowing that better architecture design and exposing it to client usually means less bugs and better quality. Hear them. Whether you ask the questions or not, you will hear other's oppinions. It should remain clear for the disputant what your area of the expertise is and that it is your responsibility to make decisions, nevertheless the disputant should also feel she was heard, understanded and her input will be remembered and taken into consideration before making the final decision. Putting such feedback as the backlog items (as Rain suggested) is good idea because of visibility and it also assures you will... ...Rethink your ideas. I find it not so rare to improve the initial idea after receiving some feedback. Other managers work with different clients so they can share their points of view for free (which you probably couldn't imagine even if you tried). If you improve your idea that way, take some time to thank the originator and inform you did a bit better thanks to her feedback. It's a win-win situation. 

The motivation system can be connected with financial rewards (generally speaking - something company must pay for) but it should not play a major role as it doesn't have such influence on a employee's motivation. Design of such financial rewards in most cases will strongly depend on developer role in the organization. 

If you were new to Scrum and sprints, I would say you should start with some given length (3 weeks or 30 days) and check if it works for you and make changes if necessery. Instead, it looks like you are already familiar with sprints, so question is: what is your experience with sprint duration? Do you have any doubts which makes you ask the question? I didn't even touch the motivation-subject because it is vast. Let's reverse the question and ask Why would PM give a bonus for a work? I am not sure what is your suggested reason for doing it, so let's consider some commonly used reasons: 

I can see couple of influencing factors: