So, not a quiet process, or secret by any means. 

An interesting discussion of the process from one of the individuals involved can be found here: 

(emphasis mine) This was dated May 12 1945. Hiroshima was one of two AA rated targets, the other being Kyoto(a city of 1,000,000 at the time). Hiroshima was selected for its military value. From the wiki (and I know there are many different casualty estimates): 

I looked at the article referenced by the question above, and found this quote: 

The Truman library has a lot of documents, concerning tests, target selection, ect. The last couple pages of one document has some related reports from after the bomb was dropped, both of which express surprise at the results, and compare to the first test (emphasis mine): 

So it appears different color badges, but still within the original color selections, may have been applied to various religious denominations. 

I think we may be operating from a misconception, that the diary entry concerning that the 'target will be a purely military one' and that the statement that 'Hiroshima, a military base' imply Truman did not understand the presence of a city. 

Another work, Jehovah's Witnesses in National Socialist Concentration Camps, mentions small numbers of other denominations being classed with purple triangles: 

(I hope this somewhat clears up the last half of the answer. My goal was to show that the massive casualties may have been unexpected, since the individuals involved all kept thinking and comparing to the original test. This, combined with the fact that they rejected targets which contained more civilians, shows the consideration which makes this target 'military' in nature. Its not that the target would cause only military casualties, but that the reason for the selection of this target over others was due to its military nature.) 

Since his actual unit listing was Headquarters Battery, and his position of Supply NCO 821 indicates he was a non-commissioned officer,and a Quartermaster Supply Technician, he was probably not right on the lines, but keeping the artillery units attached to the 44th supplied with fuel and ammunition probably kept him fairly close to the front, perhaps trailing just behind the progression described above. 

Since your father was a member of the 44th Division Artillery, he would be part of the 44th Infantry Division, you can follow its combat activities after it landed in Cherbourg, France on 15 September 1944. Since you indicate your father had both Northern France (GO 46) and Central Europe(GO 48) campaign designations, it seems probable his unit followed the progress listed for the division: 

A crater 1200 feet in diameter. A crater this size would destroy a few city blocks, but 1/2 mile away it just knocked over a test structure. This test is what they keep mentioning in later references. 

It seems to me this portion of text says a lot. It acknowledges the presence of the city, but seems to show a lack of understanding concerning the power of the weapon they are about to unleash. A 'large part', 'could be',and 'extensively damaged' all express uncertainty at the range,the outcome, and the amount of damage. 

Any gain of such a construction would have been minimal. If you look at the graphic from the Wikipedia article on the Road of Life, it shows relative positions held. 

After some further information added in the question, the red triangle is listed at this blog site as being applied to "dissenting Christian priests". So no special color was awarded to them, as mentioned in comments,it appears they were classified as general political prisoners along with: 

These charts provide an overview of the changes in birth rate and marriage rate before, during and after the war. 

So the military effect is established. There were military casualties. The military base existed. 

About the conflict with the British: 

Other sources discussing this include: 

Trying to validate a fictional character is often difficult, best done usually by trying to get the authors opinion directly. In this case I think it highly unlikely, however. 

So concerning the 'purely military' nature of the target. The target was the military facility at Hiroshima; the expectation was its destruction; and they understood there would be collateral damage(I hate that term),but not its vast extent . This was the 'purely military' aspect of the selection of this target. If he did not desire a military target, Kyoto with its population of 1,000,000 would have likely been selected (the other AA rated target),to not minimize but to maximize civilian casualties, and the horror of this moment in history would have been (if possible) greater yet. 

So Churchill's discomfort seems to be confirmed as well. The only thing I have not been able to confirm is Truman actually playing Chopin; it seems this was left to List in the sources I have found. 

letter from Admiral Edwards to Admiral Leahy, 6 Aug 

and this entry from Yale Law School discusses the military significance of Hiroshima: 

So this shows that, though the regimes later use of eugenics was horrific, that wasn't what Osborne was referring to. but the attempt to possibly eliminate genetic diseases, not genocide. These are the same applications the US was doing, with most of the sterilizations mentioned above being those in Insane Asylums. 

An aggressive defense of the Sarreguemines area was continued throughout February 1945 and most of March. Moving across the Rhine at Worms, 26 March, in the wake of the 3d Division, the 44th relieved the 3d, 26–27 March, and crossed the Neckar River to attack and capture Mannheim, 28–29 March. Shifting to the west bank of the Main, the division crossed that river at Gross-Auheim in early April, and engaged in a 3-week training period. Attacking 18 April, after the 10th Armored Division, the 44th took Ehingen, 23 April, crossed the Danube, and attacking southeast, took Füssen, Berg, and Wertach, in a drive on Imst, Austria. On 2 May, a group of V-2 rocket scientists that included Wernher von Braun surrendered to the 44th.[9] Pursuing the disintegrating enemy through Fern Pass[10] and into the Inn River valley, the 44th set up its CP at Imst on 4 May. After a short period of occupation duty, the division returned to the United States in July 1945 for retraining prior to redeployment, but the end of the Pacific war resulted in inactivation in November 1945 at Camp Chaffee, AR.