I would posit that the combination of the preponderance of new post-war babies, and factories with no more wartime call on their synthetic materials products, made conditions "ripe" for the invention of disposable diapers in the wake of WWII. I have no evidence to back this supposition up though However, without an attack or credible home threat, there could be no consensus for actual war. So his administration was forced to do what it could short of that (including subtly poking the totalitarian tigers, in hopes they'd lash out). Diapers back then were not made of synthetic materials, and thus were not really a "consumer good". The first consumer disposable diaper did not come along until 1948 (right after the war). Clearly Poland was worried about attack from Germany, or they wouldn't have signed the Anglo-Polish military alliance in 1939 the first place. Hitler's main concerns in North Africa were to keep his Italian allies from completely collapsing, to keep the British busy, and to protect the underside of eastern Europe. None of these concerns were really much to set against the life-or-death struggle being carried out with Soviet forces in Russia. So lets look at the two groups here. On the one hand we have Tito's partisans. They are communist, one of the popular up-and-comming ideologies of the early 20th century among idealists (particular slavic ones, after the Russian Revolution). They are fighting to free their whole country, Yugoslavia, from foriegn invasion. As for this being a public school history education, that's kind of a sore subject. In the USA, K-12 textbooks have to get approved by state boards. Often these bodies are filled with idealogues who only signed up for this otherwise dull task because they have specific things they want taught (regardless of what the facts may be). Thus grade K-12 History textbooks tend to have flat out wrong things forced into them. Uncomfortable subjects (like the intense class warfare of the 19th Century) get ignored altogether. The best I can say about the result is that teachers typically make it so dull that at least kids don't learn most of the wrong stuff being taught. Did Churchill expressly refuse to alleviate the famine with food aid, or veto US and Australian offers to send food? One piece of evidence that is missing from most of the modern claims that Churchill was responsible for the famine is the observation made by the War Cabinet report that the shortages in Bengal had been: Furthermore, in may cases, British withdrawal would leave a vacuum which could be exploited by the Soviet Union. There is a useful overview of the Congressional Record (and its predecessor publications) which may help you understand the structure of the publication. There are some interesting resources, including records and photographs, available on the web site U-boat Archive. tl;dr Was the loss of life in the Bengal famine of 1943 the largest British empire human loss in the Second World War? It seems that while they were living at Bethesda, Harald attended the Whitehall School. The list is often referred to as The Dunkirk List or The Orde List (officially: Dunkirk Withdrawal: Operation Dynamo May 26–June 4, 1940: Alphabetical List of Vessels Taking Part, With Their Services. 940.542.1'1940). I don't think it has ever been published online, but the original copies are available to consult at the Caird Library at the National Maritime Museum. (That property had been purchased by the Norwegian government and would be sold in 1946.) The Almighty in His infinite wisdom did not see fit to create Frenchmen in the image of Englishmen. In a State like France which has experienced so many convulsions—Monarchy, Convention, Directory, Consulate, Empire, Monarchy, Empire and finally Republic— there has grown up a principle founded on the ‘droit administratif’ which undoubtedly governs the action of many French officers and officials in times of revolution and change. It is a highly legalistic habit of mind and it arises from a subconscious sense of national self-preservation against the dangers of sheer anarchy. That government certainly implemented large-scale social reforms. However, the foundations of those reforms had been laid by the wartime coalition government. As mentioned above, the reforms promised by both the main parties during the 1945 election actually look surprisingly similar (although the reforms actually enacted by the Labour government certainly went further than those that had been promised by the Conservatives). The Response of Churchill and the War Cabinet What we do know is that in a report to the War Cabinet on 4 August 1943, the Secretary of State for India, Leo Amery, noted the spread of famine in Bengal. In his briefing, he specifically stressed the effect upon Calcutta and the potential effect on the morale of European troops stationed in India. At this stage, the cabinet offered only a relatively small amount of additional food shipments. Indeed, they explicitly referred to it as "a token shipment". Thus, even early in the war, a U-boat captain would have been concerned about the risk of detection if there was the possibility of Royal Navy ships in the area, and the consequent possibility of the need to perform a crash dive. It seems unlikely. Additional crew on deck would risk a delay if a crash-dive were required. General Giraud had slipped into Vichy France where he made his identity known to the authorities. He tried to convince Marshal Pétain that Germany was going to lose the war, and that France should therefore resist the German occupation.