Third there is the question of why we have Marine Aviators. There is legitimate debate on this topic, but different services and different missions have very different needs for air support. Marines need close air support that is tightly integrated with their ground forces. Integrated Marine aviation provides that better than the Air Force does. I've got lots of friends and relatives in the air force, but even the best air force pilot doesn't understand the need for support to ground troops the way a Marine does; the Marine in that cockpit is both a Rifleman and a pilot. Every profession has specialists. You might as well ask why the Department of Defense needs a payroll office; after all the Bureau of Indian Affairs has payroll clerks - they could clearly do the job right? Or why do I need an internist an orthopod and a neurosurgeon?? They all graduated from medical school right? 

tl; dr - encirclement creates a mobility advantage for the encircling forces. Ultimately encirclement permits the encircling commander to choose the location, time, conditions, and duration. The defending/encircled force has no options. 

First, there is the error I addressed in my comments; the Marine Corps existed before the United States did. They are the oldest military service in the US military. For a brief history of the US Marine Corp, see Marine Corps. I'm a REMF, and a Navy REMF at that, so I'm going to defer to them on their own history. 

Finally there is the question of whether we should have a unified military service (like the Canadians), or a branched military service (like US and UK and many other nations). That's not really appropriate for History. The answer to that question is entirely political. There are entrenched stakeholders who prefer things the way they are, and that kind of reform simply isn't the highest priority. Changes to the military are very costly -both in terms of dollars and mission effectiveness. Unless there is a compelling reason to make the change, it probably isn't a good idea. 

I am puzzled by the lack of sleeve insignia. Today, I'd conclude that these men are E-1 (no insignia). I've actually never seen an E-1; they grow up so fast. 

Postscript - my professional historian girlfriend pointed out that our modern notions of nationalism are the result of the French Revolution. In the ancien regime, soldier's weren't fighting for "France!", they were fighting for pay, for their unit, for their leadership, but "France" was an abstraction. Soldiering was also a substantially lower status profession at the time. 

If you enemy can flank you, he can carve you to pieces - if you turn your shield from the front to the side, the front will kill you. If you don't, the side will kill you. There is no option to turn to the rear; people behind you can kill you at no risk to themselves. 

It is an error to assume that larger horses can carry more; larger horses are generally built for pulling. The Royal Armouries use a 15.2 hands Lithuanian heavy draught as their model for displaying 15 &16th century heavy horse armor because it fits well; that may be useful as a visual model. Note that the picture of the Ardennes horse does not even remotely look like a contemporary Ardennes horse. The breed shifted dramatically in the 19th century. 

Talked with my favorite professional historian (who is also a professional equestrienne). 

2) Due to peculiarities of the French system, most of the army did not report directly to the King, but to the high nobility. Duncan covers this better than I can. 

Once you're encircled, there is no chance to win, and you know it. The only option is to break out. If you can't break out, you will die when and where your opponent chooses. 

Aside: I'm also relying on my personal experience in fighting multiple opponents - something I do regularly. Mobility is key. It doesn't work the way it does in the movies where the stuntmen stand in a ring (which is conveniently just on the edge of the camera frame so you can't see how inept they are) and wave their weapons vigorously but politely take turns in attacking the protagonist. The moment the combat starts, the defender needs to be in constant motion; the key to success is to move in such a way that the attackers are hampered by their partners. The specifics don't translate to formation fighting, but the principle of greater mobility = greater probability of survival = does translate. 

She also objected, as I did, to comparing horses across the range of human history excluding only the past 100 years. She said that comparing horses across all geography is probably even more absurd. Native Americans riding horses across what came to be Kansas have different challenges than trying to cross the alps, or ride into Russia in winter. 

First, review the reasons for the French Revolution - pre-eminent among those reasons is that the French state was bankrupt. It could not pay bills or collect taxes. This was not a temporary problem, but a structural problem. See Revolutions Podcast (I linked to one episode, but strongly recommend the rest) is an excellent source. The French government was dysfunctional from the absolutist head, through the corrupt middle down to the ineffective and disengaged bottom. 

France made a strategic decision that it would be self-reliant. 

The British did consider self reliance. Ultimately you can do more with the resources of two countries than you can with the resources of one. Furthermore UK policy was set in the context of a conflict between the NATO alliance (where the UK was a major player) against the Warsaw Pact alliance. 

Looks not unreasonable to me. Superficially, that looks like the US Naval Uniform, Summer white, enlisted. I did a google search on that term. I'll admit that I was disappointed by the amount of noise in the results, but I found the following examples that are similar to the pictures you've cited.