As witty as such a quote surely is does he really think people who believe in God do so without any explanation or evidence as to why it is so? He may think the evidence unconvincing but that does not make it disappear for those who have beliefs contrary to his own. If a claim is not backed up by some sort of evidence how would people ever convince others that what they say is true? What constitute evidence may differ from one discipline to the other. If I may illustrate my point with a example. A chemist may consider the observation of a chemical reaction as pretty trustworthy source of knowledge in his field and then base his conclusions on this 

They are all theories and I hold that all of them are "evidence" in the broad sense of the word yet in all likelihood only one could constitute proof. 

If this is true then they and Thomas Aquinas did and are doing the same thing. 

It to me is incredible how atheism can deny just about anything in defense of its claims. It does look like it is given more leeway than any other worldview. Their are some who even hold to a completely overlapping magisteria (Coma) like Richard Dawkins for example. He believes erroneously (to me at least) that the God hypothesis is a scientific hypothesis (As he explains in his books) and you should use the scientific method to ascertain it's validity. 

The ethicist may look at the effect of Nazi morality on 20th century Europe and make his judgement on Nazi morality on that. Now personally I hold to POMA or partially overlapping magisteria. Their are some discoveries in science that hold great discussion in religious circles. If you take the discovery of background radiation for instance. This in essence began the road to a finite universe which was remarkable and religiously relevant discovery. It also sparked a resurgence in Aquinian thought which was for centuries held to be disproved by physicist. 

In Popperian terms one says that Einsteinian physics falsifies Newtonian Physics; and this falsification is understood to be that of observable experiment; that is there is an experiment, the standard one here being the Michaelson-Morley experiment, that falsifies a prediction of the Newtonian theory. Are mathematicians trained to develop what looks complicated to others an aesthetic that is simple - and similarly for physicists? 

In which case I'd point to the principle of continuity; in that humans are alike, and thus their capacities are all alike; (I mean alike here, in the sense that all hands are alike - though of course there are differences; but no-one is born with say a mechanical claw, say); and thus the capacity of experiencing red are all alike - this of course barring exceptions and defects like synthesia, or blindness; and this also suggestively ties in with the comment by Swami Vishwananda on experimental verification. Kant showed that mathematics was synthetic a priori. For example the laws of arithmetic or of euclidean geometry, and noted that this had escaped the notice of previous thinkers, they had assumed them to be analytic a priori. Essentially Derrida is saying that Hippolytes example drawn from the physical sciences is not a good example of his ideas, this is only to be expected as he Derridas paper is on the human sciences and not the physical or mathematical ones in this specific form. 

It to me is incredible how atheism can deny just about anything in defense of its claims. It does look like it is given more leeway than any other worldview. 

I would posit that a person personal convictions rarely has a influence on whether a proposition is true or not. It is entirely possible that for any given proposition that can be true their could be many people who for instance have the view it is... 

If this is true then they and Thomas Aquinas did and are doing the same thing. If a claim is not backed up by some sort of evidence how would people ever convince others that what they say is true? What constitute evidence may differ from one discipline to the other. If I may illustrate my point with a example. A chemist may consider the observation of a chemical reaction as pretty trustworthy source of knowledge in his field and then base his conclusions on this 

The ethicist may look at the effect of Nazi morality on 20th century Europe and make his judgement on Nazi morality on that. 

As witty as such a quote surely is does he really think people who believe in God do so without any explanation or evidence as to why it is so? He may think the evidence unconvincing but that does not make it disappear for those who have beliefs contrary to his own.