“‘The Lord said to my Lord: “Sit at my right hand until I put your enemies under your feet.”’ (Psalm 110) 

[11-15] Then I saw a great white throne and him who was seated on it. The earth and the heavens fled from his presence, and there was no place for them. And I saw the dead, great and small, standing before the throne, and books were opened. Another book was opened, which is the book of life. The dead were judged according to what they had done as recorded in the books. The sea gave up the dead that were in it, and death and Hades gave up the dead that were in them, and each person was judged according to what they had done. Then death and Hades were thrown into the lake of fire. The lake of fire is the second death. Anyone whose name was not found written in the book of life was thrown into the lake of fire. 

God forbids anyone to alter the contents of the Book of Revelation. Here "this scroll" literally means the scroll that John was writing, which we call it the Book of Revelation of Apostle John. Jesus Christ is the Word of God, the promised Messiah who was with God from the beginning even before the creation of the world, and was born as a man without sin to die for our sins, in order to become the perfect Lamb for the sacrifice. The Son of God The Messiah King of the Jews The God of Abraham The Lord of David The Word of God The Way, the Truth and the Life. The only Way to Heaven The Lamb of God The creator of all things And the list goes on.... 

My answer: Christian God is exactly the same as the Jewish God. Christians simply see Him as a God with three personalities and that He sent His Son as the Messiah to die for our sins. What ever the Jews believed before the birth of Jesus Christ is also the same belief for the Christians. The Scripture of the Jews contains prophecies about the Messiah to come. The New Testament confirms with many evidence that Jesus Christ is the Messiah promised by the Jewish Scripture. The Jews are still waiting for the Messiah to come. 

In "The Dialogue with Trypho" written by Justin Martyr(100-165 AD), Justin explained to Trypho the Jew that one of the three men who visited Abraham was God in human form, who is distinct from God the Creator. Justin said that it was Jesus Christ, who appeared to Abraham, Jacob and Moses, who is called "LORD" in the Scripture, and recorded by Moses in the Scripture.