The majority of scholars say that 'aqeeqah must be on the 7th day of birth for example if the child was born on Saturday the 'aqeeqah should be done on Friday! 

I hope i covered your questions if i missed any feel free to remind me I'll edit my answer! 

I think this was the opinion of ibn 'Arafah (al-maliki) long ago and it was lately adapted by al-Azhar scholars and spread in Europe by them. I'm not sure whether al-Qaradawi has written the same in some of his books or given a similar fatwa. The addition made by al-Azhar scholars AFAIK is: If to say bismiallah Allahu akbar before eating the meat even if it was not slaughtered the correct way. 

There's also the hadith of abu Humaid al-Sa'idi (in sunan abi Dawod): 

Are there any rules (ahkam) telling us what we (as Muslims) have to do? 

Imam Abu Hanifa and his Student Mohammed ibn al-Hassan said it's a sunna and not a fard. 

You could follow a madhab but you don't have to as the only person you should follow is the Messenger of Allah peace be upon him, else -and in first palce- as a Muslim you should submitt to Allah's word in the Quran. There's no rule saying you have to follow a madhab blind throughout your life! 

One must add that ibn al-Qassim didn't see his teacher during at least the last 7 years of Malik's lifetime, so he might not know what was his last opinion on that matter. 

Note also that many supermarkets in Europe sell meat which has a sign saying it is halal. So one can buy the meat there also many Muslim supermarkets have their own slaughterhouse or for example in Germany used to buy or import some kinds of meat from countries where it is/was allowed to slaughter the Muslim way (Austria was one of them a few years ago). So there are options to buy. 

Some criticism on the hadiths of the opposite view Let' start with the two ahadith from al-Muwatta' 

Some scholars pretended that there's a consensus that if the distance between both locations is very big like between al-Hijaz (Mekka-Medina) and al-Andalus (Spain) then each location should fast for itself, al-Qurtobi, ibn 'Abd al-Barr, ibn Hajar and ibn Rushd (the grandson) pretended that there's consensus about this. But an-Nawawi in his Majmoo' quoted that some scholars insisted that once a sighting anywhere has been made all people on earth must fast! The dispute ends once the great Imam (a Caliph or so) the Emir of believers declared the beginning of Ramadan himself, in this case every Muslim is asked to follow this order no matter how close or far he is living from that location. Now to the evidences for each View: 

He also quoted Lissan al-'Arab: 

The scholar Abudl Hay Yousuf (see here in Arabic), says it is not a sinful act if a person who is able to buy an udhiyya doesn't do so (btw that's the same thing ibn Hajar said in his later comments and he also added some references in fath al-Bari). And he quoted a couple of ahadith showing that this is a recommended act: 

As far as I know all Muslims (correct me if I'm wrong) agree that the jumu'ah prayer consists of two sermons and a two raka' prayer. 

My question is what is the distinction between both Terms? 

Is the verse of surat al-Kawtar an evidence for an order to do the sacrifice 

Therefore I'd like to know the different opinions and their evidences if there are any? 

which is a legal permission to re-have intercourse. (see also islamqa #169627) 

Is it wajib or sunnah mu'akkadah?? 

My question what if we found a dead body or body parts or a skeleton and we don't know whether this person is male/female (for example if we find it in a desert) and don't have the possibility to determine neither the identity nor religion of this dead body.