In theory, it only takes one review to resolve each review task - if you edit a post, that drops it out of the queue immediately. In practice, many questions can't be fixed by editing, and many more would require more effort than reviewers are willing or able to put in... So the real number is 3-5 reviews per review task. With the current number of active reviewers and a limit of 40 reviews per day, we're nowhere near enough active reviewers to keep this queue from growing. Some of the moderators pitch in and clear out a large number of items (mod responses are binding and unlimited), but there's no way they can handle the entire surplus. One of our ever-vigilant devs came across it, and interpreted it as a lmgtfy-like bit of nonsense. I can understand why - the use of it has always been a mix of honestly helpful folks offering a good resource to those struggling to ask a good question, and lazy wags slapping in bare URLs on posts whose authors aren't suitably penitent in their tone. The down-side is that short questions will be harder to post (this is more than just a length check, but short + poor spelling / caps / punctuation / formatting will damn a post more readily). At this point, I think that's a fair trade-off on Stack Overflow. Here's the kicker: if you're asking a question that you know you don't want an answer to, you shouldn't be asking it at all. This isn't the place to invite folks to share their stories or speculate on things they have no possible way of knowing. We don't need to actually throw away the votes, but there's not a big reason to actively review questions with year-old (or even 2 month-old) votes. If these ever get another vote, they'll be back in the queue and fairly close to the top - otherwise, they can drop out of the queue. We used to. It was called "subjective". It died a brutal death after two years of bitter arguments. ...Then you're best off finding a new hobby. The blacklist will be refined a bit tomorrow to exclude comments that don't at least try to communicate directly with the author they're addressed to. [Edit: tomorrow / six months later... Anyway, it got done eventually. You can post the link if you put something else in with it. Hopefully something useful. ] But it ain't no magic fairy dust that you can sprinkle on any post to quickly and painlessly enlighten the author. If you've neither the time nor inclination to read the post you're responding to and explain what's lacking, perhaps with a link to Matt Gemmell's site as the cherry on top... This isn't a terrible idea, but - as others have noted - that 100-view minimum exists for a reason: it was very difficult to close questions in low-traffic tags without moderator intervention without it. I've bumped up the threshold below which questions will be blocked. The majority of recently-asked questions that fall below the new threshold do not fare well on Stack Overflow (i.e. they are closed, deleted, and/or down-voted). It's hard to find fault in the blog post itself - it's a well-written resource, and for someone who repeatedly flounders when trying to ask on Stack Overflow I expect it could prove very valuable. Reduce the number of visible items in the queue. This is purely psychological - folks get discouraged when they put in a lot of work and the big number just gets bigger. If they don't see their work having any effect, then they stop doing it. If you actually have a real problem to solve, then just state the problem and ask for help solving it - if it turns out there isn't a definitive answer, then... well, it sucks to be you, but I expect you'll be happier knowing that than listening to dozens of folks just as clueless as yourself pontificating on it anyway. Encourage more people to review. For suggested edits and flags, we display a number at the top of the screen - a sort of "bat signal" for reviewers. As we transition to review queues, flags are becoming less and less important for 10K users - so, we could just as well replace that with a close-review indicator. Encourage more specialized reviewing. It is much faster to review questions for closure when you filter the queue to just the tags you're familiar with and focus on specific close types. But... Right now, a lot of folks don't realize that this is even possible. Making the filter UI more obvious, perhaps displaying a tag-specific "bat signal" on the tag pages for top tags or splitting duplicate closing out into its own queue would go a long way toward encouraging folks to be more effective reviewers. Either way, we don't need a scarlet letter for questions that are a bit fuzzy. Either someone can provide a reasonably justified answer, or we get rid of the question entirely. There's no place for unanswerable questions on a Q&A site... I've also increased the threshold on Super User and Server Fault; although the volume is lower there, they field even fewer reasonable questions in this range. A quick check of other high-traffic sites does not appear to justify raising this anywhere else at this time. Besides that, it misses the real problem here: the close review queue backlog is growing because the number of questions entering it require more reviews to complete than are actually occurring on a daily basis. So what can we do to fix this? Well, there are several options, and we'll probably want to try all of them if possible: