When fixed gear be an advantage In the right circumstances fixed gear bikes can be extremely efficient. You have a straight chain line, no pulley wheels and a lighter overall bike. Plus, your momentum helps push the pedals through the dead spot, making it easier to spin fast. If your gearing is right for the stretch you are riding then you may actually be at an advantage. For example, if you have a flat time trial with consistent wind and the right top end gearing, once you are up to speed, you will be hard pressed to find faster set up (other than a full aero TT setup). As for "aero" it can be important, even at lower speeds (a point which is often overlooked or denied). You will feel aerodynamic drag more a higher speeds, but drag coefficient is always will be a constant proportion of your power output even at lower speeds. Therefore if you are doing long events at slower speeds it can still play an important roll and can still compound for large differences. For casual riding squeezing every bit of aerodynamics out will have a limited benefit as most won't notice a one or two minute change to their riding time. My wife is 5' 2" and raced elite road for many years. For her proportions 48-49 cm frames seemed to work well. Sometime she had mentioned interest in a smaller frame, but when I looked at how she fit on the bike I think it was due to flexibility issues (at that time) rather than frame sizing issues. Many clubs will also have multiple different rides on any given day so you can do some trial and error to find the one that best suits you. Like all of life, you gotta pick and choose. It can often take many hours in the saddle before realizing one is a little too small or large (e.g., took me 1/2 year to realize one frame was too small causing me back issues). The best end goal I have found is finding a fit that leaves you balance - that is someone could quickly make your handle bars disappear you wouldn't fall forward while pedalling. The balance point will differ by some of your basic body dimensions and how aggressively you ride on average. For the type of riding you are doing, aero bike will make a small difference, one that you are likely not to notice very much. Aero bikes do however have a much stiffer ride, so you will likely find the bike to be less comfortable over longer distances. For casual riding, the "endurance" focused models will likely be a better match as these have typically more comfortable positioning and frames that provide more vertical compliance to dull road vibration. The models you were mentioning are focused only on racing and sacrifice other ride qualities. Couple points on road bike categories: Smaller frames are generally considered for "performance" fits and tend to be pushed by many road shops these day. You combine a smaller frame with a longer stem to make up for the shorter reach. The idea is to get low and long. This is how the "pros" fit their bikes, and it is really intended for someone who is riding at a very hard effort all the time. That said, even if you are interested in aerodynamics there are lots of places to improve upon before you get to the bike. Assuming your pack handling skills are sufficient, riding in a fast group will also require two types of fitness, endurance fitness and peak output. The endurance fitness is what you are doing right now and will help ensure you can put in an effort for 3-4 hour duration of the club ride. The peak output fitness will be important to handle pack surges. Often competitive club rides will have sections where there is either an all out sprint or it is "common" knowledge the next x kilometres will be all out effort. Anecdote for the good in people I have met many great people in competitive cycling who were very friendly and helpful. For example, during one long, hot road race a professional rider (who I trained with) waited for me after I got caught in a crash (one of our juniors collided with another member took out our whole team!). He helped first made sure everyone was ok, then we worked together to get back into the peloton. He didn't need to, and it was a lot of extra work for him to do so as it took us nearly a lap to catch back in. He still went on to podium that race, but maybe he would have won. If all your milage has been at one consistent speed, then you might find these types of surges difficult to handle, even though your base endurance fitness is excellent. If you find this happening, it isn't necessarily because you lack fitness, but you may simply not have all the right fitness components. Supplementing your distance training with interval training can go a long way. While critical for racing, a recreational rider may benefit from comfort over aerodynamics. I recently shifted to much wider road bars (44 cm instead of 42) with an additional flare in the drops (which adds another 4 cm). This sticks my elbow out relative to more standard road bars. I know I am less aerodynamic with this setup, but I am also a lot more comfortable. It opens up my breathing, and makes the bike easier to handle on mixed terrain (i.e., gravel and dirt). For me this compromise is worth the loss of efficiency (for this bike).