From footnote †7 on pg. 24 of St. Thomas Aquinas's Division and methods of the sciences, a commentary on Boethius's De Trinitate questions V and VI, translator Armand Maurer mentions these articles relating Scholasticism to empiriological sciences like modern physics. 

(For a fuller discussion, see Nys, La Notion du Temps [pp. 233 ff.].) Werner Heisenberg recognized in his Physics and Philosophy that the probability wave concept in quantum mechanics "was a quantitative version of the concept of 'potentia' in Aristotelian philosophy" (p. 41) and that the "concept of the soul for instance in the philosophy of Thomas Aquinas was more natural and less forced than the Cartesian concept of 'res cogitans,' even if we are convinced that the laws of physics and chemistry are strictly valid in living organisms." (p. 80). 

In other words: Are all the consequences of a science in the science's principles? Expositio Posteriorum lib. 1 l. 41 n. 3 …some sciences are purely mathematical, those, namely, which abstract according to reason from sensible matter, as geometry and arithmetic; but other sciences are intermediate, namely, those which apply mathematical principles to sensible matter, as optics applies the principles of geometry to the visual line, and harmony, i.e., music [acoustics], applies the principles of arithmetic to sensible sounds.… Super Boethium De Trinitate q. 5 a. 3 ad 6 …there are three levels of sciences concerning natural and mathematical entities. Some are purely natural and treat of the properties of natural things as such, like physics, agriculture, and the like. Others are purely mathematical and treat of quantities absolutely, as geometry considers magnitude and arithmetic numbers. Still others are intermediate [the scientia media], and these apply mathematical principles to natural things; for instance, music [acoustics], astronomy, and the like. These sciences, however, have a closer affinity to mathematics, because in their thinking that which is physical is, as it were, material, whereas that which is mathematical is, as it were, formal. For example, music [acoustics] considers sounds, not inasmuch as they are sounds, but inasmuch as they are proportionable according to numbers; and the same holds in other sciences. Thus they demonstrate their conclusions concerning natural things, but by means of mathematics. … In II Physica lect. 3 n. 7 [164.] Those sciences are called intermediate sciences which take principles abstracted by the purely mathematical sciences and apply them to sensible matter. For example, perspective applies to the visual line those things which are demonstrated by geometry about the abstracted line; and harmony, that is music [acoustics], applies to sound those things which arithmetic considers about the proportions of numbers; and astronomy applies the consideration of geometry and arithmetic to the heavens and its parts. Summa theologica II-II q. 9 a. 2 ad 3 As stated above (Question 1, Article 1), every cognitive habit regards formally the mean through which things are known, and materially, the things that are known through the mean. And since that which is formal, is of most account, it follows that those sciences which draw conclusions about physical matter from mathematical principles, are reckoned rather among the mathematical sciences, though, as to their matter they have more in common with physical sciences: and for this reason it is stated in Phys. ii, 2 that they are more akin to physics. From this site, which mentions historian of physics Pierre Duhem's continuity thesis (opposed to Kuhn's "rupture" or "paradigm shift" thesis): 

How is this not a violation of the principle that "one (e.g., a relatively simple differential equation modeling a double-pendulum) cannot give more (e.g., a complicated, 'chaotic' trajectory of the pendulum) than it has"? Space as an objective, sui generis reality was held by 

Classification of the Sciences Ancient Classification For example, the Aristotelian-Boethian classification has lasted for many centuries. Boethius, following Aristotle, wrote that the "Speculative sciences may be divided into three kinds: physics, mathematics, and metaphysics" (§II of Boethius's De Trinitate): 

In 1914, C. S. Peirce said (Coll. Papers (1931) I. i. iii. 70): These are known as the Three Degrees of Abstraction. How exactly do structural realism and scientific formalism differ? Are they compatible, or is this another rehashing of, say, the rationalism vs. idealism debate? Thanks in advance for any insight on this issue 

Pascal said it well in his Pensées: Aristotle's Posterior Analytics is the basis of the modern scientific method of arguing from effects to the causes of things ("demonstration quia" or "a posteriori"). "Being" requires "oneness" (unity). cf. St. Thomas Aquinas's commentary on Aristotle's Metaphysics book X, lesson 3 ("The Nature of Unity"), #1974-1977: A completely random being cannot be one. Primary matter (cf. De Principiis Naturæ) is pure chaos, formlessness; form united with primary matter is what makes something an actual being. ∴, a completely random being cannot be a being. Thus, there is not "anything [any being] that is totally random". Pierre Duhem—a prominent physicist, philosopher of physics, and historian of medieval physics—discusses "physical law" (which he distinguishes from "physical theory") in his Aim & Structure of Physical Theory ch. 5 pp. 165ff (French original). 

Aristotle, Boethius (d. ca. 525 A.D.), et al. divided philosophy as follows (cf. St. Thomas Aquinas's Division & Methods of the Sciences): There can be no question as to the subjective character of this theory; and to make of time an affection of our conscious states is to contradict completely the commonsense notion of it, which undoubtedly attaches it to bodies. What is more, it is only the permanent which changes, and the permanent endures: so that it is inconsistent to admit that things change and to deny their duration. Moreover, if time attaches only to our conscious states, each one of us will live in his own time, and there will be no unique sense in which two events can be said to be simultaneous. This, however, is to deny time, not to explain it, for the notion of time surely implies, at least, the possibility of comparing the position of two events in the world process. Without this capacity, it is altogether useless. Of the characteristics of time, as all men conceive it, viz. as measuring events, as having parts, past, present, and future, and as continuous, the only one which is, in the end, retained by this theory is the last, and that illegitimately; for Bergsonian time is, in fact, the series of irreducible different qualities, which, therefore, can never form a unity or continuity. Much more might be added in criticism of the theory, but these remarks may suffice to show that it is irreconcilable with commonsense, and inconsistent in itself; though highly ingenious, and devised with the best of intentions, viz. to rescue living things, and especially conscious processes from the grip of a deterministic mechanism.