Update. Recently, for example, there was a rally in Russia against a new copyright-protecting law that would allow to ban internet sites for copyright violation. The organizers of the rally stated in their announcement that "political banners are not allowed" and that the rally is "entirely non-political". 

limitation of rights of foreign nationals, especially those of the enemy state 

First of all I want to point out that I have learned from the Internet that in the USA there is common sentiment of some distrust of the government, a dichotomy between "we" and the government. But in the USSR there was no such dichotomy. The government was "we". The system of feedback in the Soviet system was overwhelming. If you wanted something concrete done and it was uncontroversial, you would have it done, even if it was formally illegal or against the regulations. A petition usually was more than enough. A petition from an initiative group or a merited citizen was excessive. So, people generally had no grounds to criticize the government: if someone had good arguments for something changed, it would be changed. Any idea would be heard. Coming up with ideas was encouraged. Criticizing the government thus would be like criticizing themselves. At worst they would blame some certain official who barred the idea. 

A more concrete question would be whether one supports the current government and certain personalities in it. Here, the answers could vary a lot. If you ask somebody in the US whether he supports Democracy and whether he supports Obama, the results will be completely different. Similarly, in the USSR there were a lot of people who disliked this or that minister or party official. Among the USSR leaders the least popular were Khrushchev and Gorbachev. 

In addition to what TED said I want to mention other players in the region. 

Now, about the dissolution of the USSR. While in ethnic republics there could be politicians who advocated the secession or dissolution of the USSR, in Moscow not a single politician could advocate it because it would be a political suicide. 

I want add this, third answer to clarify some issues with terminology and how the things were run in the USSR. 

Now, last thing to clarify. One can ask, what Russians thought about better economic development in the Capitalist countries compared to the USSR, higher quality of life etc. 

Second, as Wladimir Palant pointed out, unification with Romania requires abandoning any hope to restore Transnistria as a part of the country. Transnistria in theory only agrees to reunify under condition of no future NATO membership of Moldova. This rules out the possibility of incorporation into Romania. 

He would probably have realized that they were more aerodynamic than a T-Ford. He would however likely been very surprised by the aerodynamics. For example, the main aerodynamic trick today is to make cars wedge-shaped. As seen from the cars linked above, the thinking a 100 years ago was that cars needed to be teardrop shaped or oval to be aerodynamic. That a wedge also works is somewhat counter-intuitive. 

This can be compared to average OECD and average global growth during the same period at 4%. 

Post-war rebuilding. A focus on building production capacity. Relative economic freedom. The last point is always a last resort of communist planners when the socialist theories fail to work in reality, and that seems to have been the case here too under Stalin. But in this case the relative liberalism also continued as a part of the liberal anti-Stalinist reaction following Stalin's death. This is why we see the growth slowing down and finally stagnating completely under Brezjnev. 

The answer depends on what exactly you mean, and what vehicles we are talking about. So I'll restrict this answer to cars. (Airplanes is a completely different issue, if the Wright brothers had been shown a model of a F-117 and you had told them it was a future airplane they would probably have laughed at you).