Following the liberation of Paris in August 1944, Charles de Gaulle very effectively began mobilizing a French Army that number well over 1,000,000 men in the field by the following spring. 

Note that even though Hitler's conclusion was correct, this is still really just Hitler's paranoia showing though. The use of ENIGMA intelligence by the Allies was so sparing that he had no logical basis for this conclusion. Other than in the North Atlantic, where the battle was truly existential for the British, it was kept as a reserve to prevent exactly the scenario that occurred Dec. 16, 1944 - a massive German surprise attack in a weakly defended sector. If the Soviet Union had collapsed according to this scenario, then it is hard to imagine the Western Allies ever successfully mounting an amphibious invasion of either France or Italy. Available troops to defend the Atlantic Wall and Mediterranean would have been tripled to quadrupled - imagine the carnage on Omaha Beach and then in the bocage in front of Gold-Juno-Sword and Utah with four times as many German defenders, and no collapse of Army Group Centre. The remainder of U.S. Army infantry divisions, excepting mountain and airborne, were foot-transported. However, note that the mobility of a foot-transported divisions is more commonly limited by its logistics than by walking pace; in this all U.S. Army divisions were supplied with plentiful trucks for transport of headquarters units, artillery, supplies, and the rest of the tail. and through to the Geneva Convention (III) relative to the Treatment of Prisoner of War, 12 August 1949: 

This was what Hitler meant by lebensraum. He seems to have truly believed that the Soviet Union would collapse once Nazi Germany had occupied these territories, much as Tsarist Russia had collapsed in 1917 when about half that territory had been occupied. I see the unclear goals and execution of the 1942 offensive by Germany as a symptomatic of this conviction - that it was sufficient to just hit them hard one more time to get the knock-out. To my surprise, this may be somewhat accurate. In the critical Battle of Sedan on May 13, Guderian fielded 1st and 2nd Panzer divisions, reinforced by Grossdeutchland infantry regiment, one regiment of assault engineers, and divisional artillery from two panzer divisions. To compensate for the absence of his artillery reserve, still in transit to the front, Guderian requested and received approval for maximum air support from the Luftwaffe for the entire day. For a mission that far east of Pearl one must consider the entire sail back as being under battle conditions, potentially requiring not only a refuel upon approaching the target but 3, 4, or even 5 refuels on the way back, depending on how close to Pearl one dares venture. (Note that the great circle route from Panama to Tokyo goes right over Pearl.) Those tankers barely achieve 16 knots, so must be wandering around in the Eastern Pacific for a long time before and after the attack. To destroy this carrier force all that is necessary is to destroy one of the refueling flotillas. 

"Fellow Australians, it is my melancholy duty to inform you officially, that in consequence of a persistence by Germany in her invasion of Poland, Great Britain has declared war upon her and that, as a result, Australia is also at war. No harder task can fall to the lot of a democratic leader than to make such an announcement." 

Any attempt to approach Panama through the South Pacific is almost 3,000 miles longer, with consequent additional fuel requirements, plus the additional danger of being spotted wandering through Polynesia and Micro-/Mela-nesia while being hunted. 

There are numerous lists on the web listing the Wealthiest persons in history, all with slightly varying estimates of the order and composition, but all place Ford high on the list. The contemporaries who contested his position - Vanderbilt, Carnegie, Mellon, and Rockefeller - had all preceded him to the grave, bequeathing their vast fortunes to foundations. One note - it is probably better to sink vessels in the canal locks, turning them into sunken hulks, rather that the locks themselves. Several such sinkings would disable the locks for some time with a far better success rate than directly attacking the canal infrastructure. The timing difference merely reflected the previous difference in deadline presented to Germany for withdrawal from Poland: 11:00 am the deadline presented by Great Britain, and 5:00pm that presented by France. Both countries promptly declared war as the respective deadlines passed without any withdrawal by Germany from Poland. 

However, it is important to note that: (5) Members of crews, including masters, pilots and apprentices, of the merchant marine and the crews of civil aircraft of the Parties to the conflict, who do not benefit by more favourable treatment under any other provisions of international law. 

In a board game it is difficult to simulate the command paralysis that gripped British, and even more severely French, high command following May 13. To a very real degree both British and French high command lost all track of troop locations for both sides for nearly a week. This was further exacerbated by the ill-timed replacement of Gamelin by Weygand. It is likely that German air is over-strengthed in these games, somewhat, as a means of simulating this command failure by the Allies.