The short answer I've given above is based on understanding the overall context of the passage - it's relatively agnostic regarding the 'correct' translation choice of εὑρίσκω (just following the crowd) and how strictly transitive the grammar is, it merely relies on the fact that both εὑρίσκω and 'found' can be used with varying levels of significance. It is greater than (a higher standard), but necessarily includes the ten commandments. In summary: Not everyone who says to Me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ shall enter the kingdom of heaven, but he who does the will of My Father in heaven. Many will say to Me in that day, ‘Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in Your name, cast out demons in Your name, and done many wonders in Your name?’ And then I will declare to them, ‘I never knew you; depart from Me, you who practice lawlessness!’ (Matthew 7:21-23 NKJV) A: They both found each other - Jesus found a disciple and Philip found a Messiah. By way of further explanation: Later in the chapter, the nature of resurrection for all believers is discussed. As Christ is the firstfruits, what applies in a believer's resurrection would most likely have been what happened to Jesus (at least in part - due to Him being the divine Son of God and triumphing over the powers of death and hell by His work on the cross there would certainly have been some circumstances unique to Himself): edit: I believe the preceding paragraph would be largely agreeable to most Nicaean Christians. Catholics in particular are often encouraged to meditate on the suffering of Christ as it helps to develop a greater appreciation of Christ's work overall and leads the believer to turn their heart whole-heartedly to the Lord. An example of this is the contemplation of the stations of the cross. Upon reading previous answers to this question, you could be forgiven for thinking that keeping the ten commandments is no longer necessary. Such a view would be entirely false. As has been already expressed in different ways, the law was given that we might know our sinful condition before God and turn to Christ for our salvation. The promise of salvation however, includes us receiving a new heart that is inclined towards fulfilling God's perfect law: