He felt only grief, not fear In this camp we begin with (a) those who hold to penal substitution, like Adam Clarke, a Methodist (Arminian). He is more uncomfortable than Calvin with the idea of Jesus being "afraid" of death: 

Given this translation, it's not surprising that Augustine and Theodoret interpreted the passage the way they did. Theodoret provides more insight, particularly with respect to the case of the "unformed" fetus: 

To explain God's reward to them in spite of their sin, Calvin continues: 

The consensus among Catholic and Protestant commentators is that the midwives did not sin by disobeying Pharaoh, but if they did lie to him, they sinned. 

He did feel fear Some argue that Christ felt fear, but that he did not thereby sin. For example, John Calvin: 

Like Calvin, Clarke understands this suffering in Gethsemane in the context of the doctrine of penal substitution, which holds that Christ suffered God's wrath on behalf of his people, as summarized in the Heidelberg Catechism (Answer 37): 

Thou shall not slay thy child by causing abortion, nor kill that which is begotten (Apostolic Constitutions, 7-1) 

Albert Barnes similarly says that there is no "ground for the thought of creation either in the meaning of the root, or in the general usage of the word." His Notes go on to point out the logical difficulty of "create": 

Examples Examples of this approach abound. John Gill: 

This passage is often used as evidence of Jesus's divinity, since Jesus does not rebuke Thomas for calling him "God" like the angel does in Revelation 19:10, for example. 

Thus, according to Haydock, the women sinned: 

And in the early 8th century, Bede refers to the Church speaking various languages at Pentecost: 

Besides dispensationalists, however, many other protestants also accept this interpretation, including classic premillennialists like John Piper7 and Wayne Grudem,8 postmillennialists like Charles Hodge9 and Greg Bahnsen,10 and amillennialists like John Murray.11 

30 Both had an angel guard their graves. After Moses died Michael the Arch-angel guarded his body. (Jude 9) And when Jesus rose an angel guarded his tomb. (Mt.26:2-6) 

So God created man in his own image, in the image of God he created him; male and female he created them. Genesis 1:27 

20 Both Moses and Jesus reflected and shown the glory of God. Moses reflected his glory temporarily. (Ex.34:29-35; 2 Cor.3:7-14) Jesus at the transfiguration, his face shown brighter than the sun revealing his true nature (Mt.17:2; Jn.1:14) 

It seems, then, that mankind's efforts to cover over their own sin may be sufficient among others who have sinned, but it is insufficient in the presence of God. 

In fact, the Genesis account is written as if it were an actual account with a very logical order. There are six distinct units in which creative works take place. Each of these units is described as a day, with an evening and a morning. (The Jewish and Muslim traditions still follow this pattern by marking sundown as the beginning of the next day.) 

So, yes, this is speaking of Jesus. 

I have heard this original state of "without form and void" paraphrased as unformed and unfilled. The first three days of Genesis are dedicated to forming while the second three days are dedicated to filling. What is formed on the first day is filled on the 4th days, whatever is formed on the 2nd day is filled on the 5th, and so forth. So, there are specific divisions that represent a very orderly process, which aligns better with an actual record rather than a figurative story. 

As an addendum, we know that Lamech did not kill his wife, with whom he was talking, or Abel, who had already been killed previously. 

26 Both sprinkled the blood of the covenant on the altar and the people. Moses (Ex.24:7-8; Lev.8:19) Jesus (Heb.9,12:24; 1Pt.1:2) 

16 Both fasted 40 days and 40 nights in the wilderness to bring a covenant to Israel. Moses on the top of Mt. Sinai (Ex.24:18, 34:28, Deut.9:9) Jesus in the desert as the Son of God (Mt.4:2) 

So how did it happen? Jesus clearly had a physical body: 

In each case, Jesus says a little word, "but", and then goes one huge step further. Just to take the last one as an example: 

I look to the Amplified version for questions like this. It says, 

Finally, note that Jesus Himself saw no difference. As He mentions just before the above verses: 

In Matthew 5:21-48, there are six it has been said statements: 

Summary: yes the throne has wheels to symbolise that God is with His people, even when they are not near the temple. But, no, they are not literal. God is speaking to Ezekiel in a vision which he and the people he preached it to would immediately understand and draw comfort from. 

Furthermore, we also read that Jesus also could suddenly disappear (Luke 24:31): 

David Pawson has an interesting answer, referring to a similar vision in Ezekiel 1. First, bear in mind that the Israelites were at that time in captivity in Babylon. Then: