Larson is a "unique", or a specific, named version of a regular monster. Unless quest-required, uniques' titles are apropos of nothing (Easter egg additions). Uniques sometimes have special abilities (like rare monsters), but Larson doesn't. There are no other "eaters of vegetables", but maybe that's because none spawn so close to a delicious garden: So slow. I see that sprint was removed since Diablo 2, but is there any way to run faster (e.g., a run/walk toggle, a keyboard shortcut, a magic item perk, shrines, potions)? If so, what, and where can I get or do it? For each additional party member, monster health scales: +75% HP in Normal, +85% HP in Nightmare, +95% HP in Hell, +110% HP in Inferno.4 5 (The upcoming 1.0.4 patch changes this. Instead of scaling monster health buffs with difficulty, all difficulties get a flat +75% HP increase per each additional party member.6) There are no other party size buffs. Or, if you prefer not to move your wrist, click, I, click to drop, I (open and close inventory). I'm using the ferret rune for companion. Now I have 2 ferrets running around collecting gold and adding paltry DPS to my arsenal, which is awesome. In Diablo, everything your character does is the result of a manual action taken by the player. If you don't issue attack commands, then your character will just stand motionless while enemies surround and kill him. This lack of inherent ability to attack means that "attack-move" as a concept can't really mean anything in Diablo. Electrocute's attack speed is really fast, so that 44% has a chance to trigger twice as often as the cast speed of other skills. Electrocute is free. The primary attack on any wizard build is generally meant as a filler between "real" attacks, and Forked Lightning is probably the wizard primary that deals the most damage the fastest from range. Blizzard deals 1000% damage over time, whereas this damage is instantaneous. They both have their uses, but comparing the flat numbers to each other is disingenuous. The reason Forked Lightning and Frozen Orb are used on the most common builds is because they both are the most efficient at what they do. They don't necessarily synergize with each other more than any other offensive spell/primary combination, but each one individually is very strong. Frozen Orb is a very strong arcane-power-costing offensive spell, and Forked Lightning is a very strong free offensive spell to cast when you can't afford more Frozen Orbs for the time being. What I don't understand, however, is why they keep glowing when they pick up gold. It doesn't happen every time, but it only happens when they collect gold piles. They will get a giant blue glowy shield (far, far larger than the size of the ferret) for a few frames, then it will go away. It comes with a sound effect and everything. Is thorns return damage somehow a function of how much damage I sustain? What if I block or dodge? What is the approximate formula for damage return based on my current thorns? Anytime you see this swirly garbage, switch to a non-projectile attack (e.g. Disintegrate, Blizzard, Electrocution, etc.). Rock Giants apparently have an ability that puts up a swirly shield that will reflect projectiles away from it, and cause said projectiles to damage you and your party. This is especially dangerous if you have large projectiles and/or lots of friends playing with you. TL;DR You cannot hire a follower in multiplayer, and anytime you either gain any or lose all co-op players, the game auto-dismisses or prompts for re-hire. The Wizard's Teleport and the Barbarian's Leap both allow them to move to a new location. In using Teleport, I've noticed there are some times when I can teleport to a location my mouse is on, and there are some times I cannot. I suspect Leap is similar. Don't give up Intelligence if you can bear it. Non-stat abilities (especially Magic Find) this early in the game are not your friend - you will be tempted to give up good equipment for them, and it isn't worth it. Intelligence will increase your damage and resistances, and should be well above all your other stats. I don't care if those rare boots have 9% Faster Run walk and 10% MF - you use those +20 Int boots over them, any day of the week. That being said, if it isn't a big damage hit, Vitality is also critically important for staying alive. Yes, the gem is removed and added to your inventory upon salvage. Don't be afraid. I've noticed while waiting to respawn that some enemies regenerate health when no one's around (most without the Vampiric Modifier). I believe I've seen all enemies classes do this at some point (Champions, Uniques, normal, etc.), but I've also seen enemies not regenerate health when I'm dead. For each additional party member, monster health scales: +75% HP in Normal, +85% HP in Nightmare, +95% HP in Hell, +110% HP in Inferno.4 5 (The upcoming 1.0.4 patch changes this. Instead of scaling monster health buffs with difficulty, all difficulties get a flat +75% HP increase per each additional party member.6) There are no other party size buffs. The maximum party size is four people.1 2 There is no party experience split.3 Or, if you prefer not to move your wrist, click, I, click to drop, I (open and close inventory).