Levels of education and class overlap strongly in the UK, and so the Brexit vote also matched up with areas with higher levels of people from the DE social class - meaning people in semi-skilled or unskilled labour, those in casual labour and pensioners. 

Obviously, this is unlikely in practical political reality, but in terms of the rules and norms for UK Parlament, can the following scenario occur and if so, what happens? 

Here's one expert opinion from "The Daily Signal": Specific to UKIP quip, on the question of Brexit, David Cameron - leader of Conservative party - was firmly on the "REMAIN" side. So were most other Conservative leaders, e.g. his cabinet. This includes Blaenau Gwent in Wales, which has the highest working class population in Britain. Some 62 percent of voters here went for Leave. 

The article says that he wants to prepare how to respond in the eventuality that a run on the pound happens (intentionally or not) as a result of Labour party forming the government. The latter has nothing to do with US/UK relations and is directed at specific politician in exact way Trump attacked US politicians before. 

Once the UK exits the EU, all of the EU nationals residing in the UK will no longer have the automatic right of residence/work in the UK, as EU treaty obligations will no longer apply. 

The cynical interpretation is that politicians must show that they have a response, even if they do not have one (or they have one but are unwilling to commit themselves to it because it involves painful or unpopular decisions). The issue with that is that bombing is not enough, you need troops (yours or allied) in the terrain and to commit to a stabilization process, with allies like either Assad's Syria or the notably unreliable Iraq. Look a Libia for an example of what could go wrong. 

move back to the country you are a citizen of whenever you want. 1Technically speaking, freedom of movement applies only to workers. After a time in the country even EU nationals immigrants with no job and no ability to sustain themselves could be expelled, as other EU countries do. The only legal restriction is that repatriation orders must be considered in a case-by-case basis. 

In both cases the political party makes a proposal, and it is valored by the voters at election day. The fact that the individual political parties exist as separate organizations is not relevant to the democratic aspect of it. Sometimes the supporters of the parties outside the agreement decry it as "undemocratic", but you can see that democracy was not affected at all. In the end, the habitual reaction to it is for the other parties that are similar enough to make another common effort. 

There are two possible positive interpretations, and the cynical one: Once art. 50 is invoked, there is a time limit. It means any blocking action by the UK will have due date, and that the EU will have the leverage of simply "letting the UK go" without any concessions after the two years, in case that the UK becomes a PITA. move to another country that accepts you with the security that your own country will not deny you the possibility of travel. 

A coalition of political parties is a group of people with a set of shared goals that present a list of candidates and a electoral program to try to win a set of given elected positions. They present those to the public, in the hope that the public approves and them and gives them their votes. If you go follow to the [1] footnote from your link, you get: 

Knowing that they have a great leverage on the UK Government, the DUP decides to sabotage the talks in the hope that, in case of a crisis developing and political changes being needed, the UK Government will side with their interests. The Brexit supporter wants to apply the same immigration controls both to EU nationals and non EU nationals; if they are happy with the system as applied to non EU nationals or if they want to make some changes to it is something I do not know. In any case, I do not see any reference to violence in either of your links, and nobody seems to be talking about that possibility. The immediate danger is the collapse of the talks for the restablishment of NI government. The main such risk would be in the long term, if the UK Government sided completely with the DUP to the point that the Nationalists become convinced that the peace agreements have been breached. But that would require a long-term, long chain of "what if". 1 There are currently two new parties in the political scene, and one of them has already presented joint candidates with other party. 

And for instances of it happenning historically, there are lots of it. One particular famous example where the Popular Fronts promoved to unite European leftist forces in the 30s, specially against the rise of fascism. In Spain, all of the "classical"1 main parties are the result of the union of several different existing parties. 

Also predictably, people with degree were REMAIN by 70/30%, while those with High School only by 34/66%, while some college was ~50% split. Clearly, "ordinary people" can be assumed to be people with only HS education, as opposed to college. 

First of all, the theoretical need: France during cold war faced a threat from Russia. That's 2-6 thousand miles. That's lower than IRBM's range, and requires an ICBM. I won't quote the entire thing (too long, and much of it relevant) but just the intro: No, it's an accurate model of reality, not a conspiracy theory. Obviously, "ordinary people" is campaign rhethoric with no formal definition, but a rational approximation shows that what could be considered "ordinary" non-elite people did back UKIP's main point, exiting EU. In UK, the leadership of both Labour and Conservatives, are more cosmopolitan and urban (see the political theory about cosmopolitanism/traditionalism later in the answer).