Now the match includes the toss too*. So the playing XI can not be changed after the toss. Suppose, A batsman is on strike with 98 runs. The scores are level so the batting team requires only 1 run to win. Now suppose in the next ball, the bowler bowls a No ball and the batsman hits FOUR or SIX. Will the batsman reach to his century or not? *From Wikipedia: If the match is abandoned at any time after the toss, it stands as a match played. If a match is abandoned before the toss, it is not considered to have been played at all. First three batsmen out, as you described, without facing a ball. While the next ball is going to be faced by the next batsman, the batsman attempting to steal a run during the bowlers run up. The umpire intervene and awards 5 runs penalty to fielding side for this unfair act. (here the ball is considered a dead ball - Law 42.16). Still the first delivery is to be bowled. The next batsman is Stumped out in wide ball so the wicket is fallen and still remain 6 balls to bowl and at least 1 run to win. Then next six batsmen is out as below: Bowled Caught Leg Before Wicket Hit the ball twice Hit Wicket Handled the Ball 1. Normally the ball becomes dead after it is thrown to the keeper and batsmen are into the crease or a batsman is out To get result of the match by D/L method, the target must be set by D/L method. To set the target by D/L method, all the conditions (e.g. no rain, fit ground etc) must allow to play the match further. If that happens (the conditions allows to resume the play) the target will be set by D/L. But still the team batting second do not win the match! They have to play at least one delivery to win the match. Update: Looking at this post it is clear that the ODI format of 50 overs per side came in practice from 1979/80 in Australia with colored cloths and day\night match. From that season most teams started following 50-overs format except England which continued playing 55-overs ODI at home until 1995. However, England also started playing 50-overs match at home from 1996 v India. From that 50-overs format remained in ODI. Umpire's role on bad lights. From Standard ODI match playing conditions PDF: (emphasis mine) In the match between New Zealand and England in World Cup 2015, someone asked if the rain interrupts the match (when NZ needed just 12 off 41 overs and the dinner break was taken) and no further play is possible will NZ win the match. In the reply they said: In the final league match of IPL 2014 between Mumbai Indians and Rajasthan Royals, Mumbai needed to win the match in 14.3 overs (87 balls). However, after 14.3 overs Mumbai could managed to tie the score but they couldn't chase it. So it looked like Mumbai is out of the tournament. But after a while there was a long discussions between umpires, fielders and batsmen then commentators said if Mumbai manages to hit the boundary in the next ball, they can qualify for the playoffs (the next round). When they had to chase the target in 14.3 overs why did they get extra delivery to win with better run rate? Note that earlier in ODI format, the number of overs was not fixed. You can see scoreboard of each ODI match by year here. From Wikipedia - Toss (cricket): So the umpires can use floodlights in day matches when they think the natural light is deteriorated to an unfit level. But that is possible only if it is available for match. Floodlights are not compulsory for the day matches. And on the match between Sri Lanka and New Zealand the use of floodlights was not permitted by SLC due to financial savings which hurt their own team. That's why they didn't use floodlights. So in the given situation once the ball is bowled (here either no ball or free hit), it is in play irrespective of the ball touches the bat until the umpire declares it a dead 1. So if the batsman hit the ball after he gets bowled, he is actually obstructing the field because fielders (mostly the bowler himself in such situations) rush to the ball to take it to prevent batsmen taking runs. So the batsman who is hitting the ball is out Obstructing the field.