See Hawley's paper Applied Metaphysics for a recent survey. She gives three application areas outside of philosophy: applied ontology in computer science and biology, social ontology, and metaphysics of natural kind terms in psychiatry and medicine. Modal metaphysics of natural kinds is also prominent in the causal theory of reference in linguistics developed by Kripke and Putnam. One more area is high energy physics, where various grand unification projects require careful inspection of metaphysical aspects of their hypothetical fundamental ontologies, see e.g. On the Emergence of Time in Quantum Gravity by Isham and Butterfield (section 4). Replacing "spiritual matter" with esse may have worked for souls and angels, but interpreting the non-composite ("prime") matter as "the" material of the corporeal realm, while retaining its "pure potentiality", led to quaint conclusions about the said material. It appeared to be devoid of any content. Duns Scotus, and more forcefully Ockham, took this position to task, and completed the actualization of (now corporeal) matter. From Ockham's Summula Philosophiae Naturalis: This does not mean, however, that the soul can be seamlessly disembodied, "the soul, since it is part of the body of a human being, is not a whole human being, and my soul is not I; so even if a soul gains salvation in another life, that is not I or any human being". Of course, from the modern point of view Aristotelian "form" is badly equivocal in conflating shapes and souls. Aristotle himself had four causes without prioritizing efficient ones, their prominence is traceable to the success of modern science and its (efficiently) causal laws. But while the "shape" sense is relatively unproblematic today, the causal sense of form requires something very much like the downward causation from global to microphysical states, a toll order. This is noted by both Kenny and Pasnau: In terms of accessibility, I suppose I'd recommend starting with Hume's view, which you can read about here or here, followed by Wittgenstein on rule-following, which you can read about here. "The language of physics is mathematics" is true only in the sense that mathematics is the language used by physicists to model the empirically observed effects measured in the physical world. This does not mean that all physical systems can necessarily be modeled mathematically, or that any set of mathematical formulas will completely describe the functioning of the physical world. I fear I may not have made my point clearly enough, so let me try again. However, this system of statistics is not the equivalent of baseball. To think so is confusing the map for the territory. Of course, if you are more familiar with classical literature, you can check out Sextus Empiricus (Outlines of Pyrrhonism, Book III, if I recall correctly); similarly, if you are more familiar with Buddhist philosophy, you can begin with Book I of the Mūlamadhyamakakārikā. We can say that baseball statistics is the language of baseball, and can expect that the formalisms of the statistics will form a coherent system (in that the numbers balance, and there are no conflicts or contradictions.) The relationship between mathematics and physics is approximately the same as the relationship between baseball statistics and baseball. (Substitute "cricket", or some other local sport if necessary.) The argument fails on Proposition #1. The "self-consistent whole" and "theory" in steps 3 and 4 is a map. No amount of further manipulation will teach us much about the territory we have not already explicitly put into the map. Actually, there are a number of significant arguments against the principle of sufficient reason; you can find them in Sextus Empiricus, Hume, Wittgenstein and Nāgārjuna to name but a few. I should clarify that none of these thinkers suggest that there are events that are uncaused; this is one of the positions that Nāgārjuna explicitly rejects in the first verse of the Mūlamadhyamakakārikā. Rather, each calls into question the notion of causality, and attacks either the notion of "sufficiency" or the notion of "reason" with regard to the matter. The quote describes what Brouwer calls the first act of intuitionism, the splitting off of discrete from the comprehensive intuition of which discrete and continuous are idealized poles. "The substantial form in a human being may likewise be introduced as being, truistically, that by which a man is a man, or that which makes a man a man. In each of these cases the ‘makes’ is the ‘makes’ of formal causality, as when we say that it is a certain shape which makes a piece of metal a key... If the soul is a form in this sense, then it is no more a concrete object than a shape or a structure is. But besides the abstract notion of form, there is a notion of form as an agent. In these passages it is clear that Aquinas thinks of the human soul as being causally responsible for the various activities which make up a human life." (Kenny) Let's suspend discussion of what is more "plausible", dark energy or giant void, or what "plausible" even means as applied to the 'universe as a whole', or what justifications one might offer for the Copernican principle. There seems to be an overt non-sequitur in its application. Assuming that we are not in a privileged position does not imply that we are in a generic one. The third option, and seemingly the most "plausible" one, whatever that means, seems to be that our position is neither privileged nor generic. There are many like it, and there are many as well, that are nothing like it. I should clarify that none of these thinkers suggest that there are events that are uncaused; this is one of the positions that Nāgārjuna explicitly rejects in the first verse of the Mūlamadhyamakakārikā. Rather, each calls into question the notion of causality, and attacks either the notion of "sufficiency" or the notion of "reason" with regard to the matter. Of course, if you are more familiar with classical literature, you can check out Sextus Empiricus (Outlines of Pyrrhonism, Book III, if I recall correctly); similarly, if you are more familiar with Buddhist philosophy, you can begin with Book I of the Mūlamadhyamakakārikā. Actually, there are a number of significant arguments against the principle of sufficient reason; you can find them in Sextus Empiricus, Hume, Wittgenstein and Nāgārjuna to name but a few. The argument fails on Proposition #1. The "self-consistent whole" and "theory" in steps 3 and 4 is a map. No amount of further manipulation will teach us much about the territory we have not already explicitly put into the map.