A quick search on the internet will yield lots of resources containing the claim that Gluten shows up in milk, but they are often sites like this, where the creators are wanting to sell Gluten free products, or they are chat fora with unsubstantiated claims. What I read that did site any source for the claims at all often referred to This article, which does say that Gliadin, a component of Gluten can show up in breast milk, but correlations between intake and presence of the gliadin were inconclusive (because no correlation was found which means the Gliadin might be there even if you don't eat Gluten). Additionally, some professionals hypothesize that early exposure to antigens for something some one may later develop a sensitivity to are proving to actually aid as a protective or preventative device to developing allergies. If there are any further difficulties and you can hire a lactation consultant they can be super-helpful as well (our hospital provided one right after birth and for the first month free of charge so check if there is anything like that available to you as well). If that isn't an option, La Leche League is "womanned" with wonderfully sweet, supportive and helpful moms that have been through it too. They are fiercely in support of breastfeeding and the right to breastfeed without shame. Just being cooped up can get depressing pretty quickly. Once I was finally allowed to go home, I still wasn't moving really well and so it was a little while before I could really get out of the house. By the time we were into the second week, I was feeling fairly apathetic and definitely experiencing some cabin fever. We started going for really slow walks (this was actually encouraged as a way to help healing take place faster at the hospital too). If I only felt up to going 20 feet down the sidewalk - that was ok, but I'd gotten out. By the end of that second week and into the third, we were in the park during the slower part of the day (fewer people, less exposure for baby). Movement, activity and making an attempt to get back to a schedule helped tremendously to improve my mood and get me past it. Going on a quiet and carefully timed outing may make a huge difference for your wife. Another thing to know about this is that you can expect things to look a little different for the first few days. There is a white material that coats a baby's skin while in the womb called vernix. Most of this comes off on its own before and during child birth, but the stuff in a girl's genitals often takes the longest to come off. Leave it there because the skin will absorb it and it is a nice moistureizing protective layer in the mean-time. The really nice thing to know about all of this is that you'll be in to see the pediatrician soon so if anything is amiss, the doctor can catch it and you'll be able to get confirmation that all is well if you have any haunting concerns. Enjoy her! The move is from the book, "Itsy Bitsy Yoga" Soaps and other kinds of cleansers can also create problems so use a moistened cotton ball or swab instead of the wipe. If I recall, baby pee while having mother's milk is pretty inoquous. I remember wiping my baby on the outside for this along with a very gentle wipe between the labia, but not needing to be too concerned about being extremely thorough. On days that gas on the other end is still problematic, you can try a baby yoga move I learned that worked wonders on our little one (six years ago now). It is also supposed to help with constipation. It may be similar to what you've already tried, but it used to help our Alice get all kinds of gas out of the way and she would immediately feel better and then poop not long after when she was constipated. http://www.babycentre.co.uk/a115/caring-for-your-babys-genitals In rare cases, if mom hs certain types of inffectious diseases, this can be a problem because they can spread - but for most people not at all. In fact, it is completely normal for blood to be in the milk (especially with first-time moms) anyway (even with healthy nipples). You just don't always see it because it is in such small amounts. It can make mom sore if the blood is there because of nipple cracking though, it can be painful for mom. There is an art to breast-feeding so that mom doesn't have to experience much of things like cracked nipples and it takes a bit of learning but here are some things mom can do to help prevent both: These symptoms listed as Symptoms of sensitivities to food/gluten in infants by The "Free From Gluten" (which is an online Gluten Free Grocery Store) are also symptoms for a host of other allergies/sensitivities as well: The first thing I would say is, What makes you think your baby has a Gluten Intolerance? Like you, she may also be feeling anxious. If you have taken over and had a few weeks to make a few mistakes and learn from those mistakes, some of your anxiety about how to do things may have passed while she hasn't had the chance to move through some of that. You mention correcting how she was holding the baby at one point. While you wouldn't want the baby hurt, the reality is there are tons of ways to hold a baby and still have that baby be perfectly safe. If baby's head is supported, baby probably isn't getting hurt. You might think about how often you are "correcting" or "instructing" and pick your battles a little - let her struggle a little more and see if it helps her confidence. She might be more willing to do more if some of that anxiety can go away, so let her struggle through a few imperfect diaper changes or whatever. At least, laugh over a few fumbles you may have already had yourself to let her know you're there for her and are learning along the way too.