To my knowledge this is not possible. In googling this real quick, everything I found also backed up that notion. Purdue OWL is one of my favorite go-to places for citation questions and they also make no mentioning of being able to do this shortcut. Everything I have read says that you need to have the quote fully cited each time. My advice would be to write each quote out as if they are all unique sources. Then I would email your professor or talk to them next class. While this may not be perfect, it still allows you to expand and allow the reader to dive deeper into the brain of your MC. It allows your story to help show the emotions and understanding that the MC is troubled. Either way, I don't see anything wrong with the short choppy sentences. Just make sure it's not listy. Then it can become bothersome to read. It all depends on the mood and tone you are trying to set around that particular passage. I don't think you are entirely wrong in your notion. I remember being able to do something similar, but I can't recall if it was MLA or APA, though this may have changed since I last had to write an essay. From my research, I would go with the answer of no it is not possible. No, the generals would send one, or at most two, small strike teams to hunt her down. Maybe even individual sleuths to follow her trail discretely and catch up to her. Sure, the troops would be on the lookout for women of her description, but they can't do an all out manhunt whilst there is a war to win. So she would come to know her pursuers, or at least know they are on her trail and recognize them. Even if just rumors from towns (the local barkeep mentioning that there has been a tall man in a white hat asking around town about a girl who fits her description). This way, the antagonists become personal, because they are hunting her. She doesn't need to know their names, she just needs to know what to be on the lookout for. Edit: Entirely forgot to say that the white hat idea came from Butch Cassidy & The Sundance Kid, which is worth a watch if you haven't seen it as it features a similar antagonist scenario, with the main characters being hunted by a particular person/group. The best example I can think of is the movie Inglorious Bastards. Hans Landa hunts down and kills Shosanna's family, whilst she ends up escaping. She remembers exactly who he is years later, whilst he doesn't recognize her when she is sitting across the table from him. However, he is doing it under orders from Hitler, but it's still Hans that she hates.