In English, for example, it is difficult for a speaker to covey his own attitude to the subject without stating it explicitly. 

tra̯nsprtea̯ti̯om act of carrying across 

dheĝhr day (root dheĝh- "cycle") 

For soft version of it, Serbian uses Ђ ђ (Đ đ in Serbo-Croatian Latin), Altai uses Ҹ ҹ, Tatar uses Җ җ, Macedonian uses Ѓ ѓ (in Macedonian it is an allophone of another consonant though) 

I wonder what is the etymology of the word sport. 

For example, the -tion suffix comes from Latin, where it is inherited directly from PIE -ti̯om. It is a common combination of suffixes plus nominative ending of neuter/inanimate gender. Some examples of the reconstructed PIE words with that suffix: 

This is normal consonant, as you mentioned, it is the voiced version of "ch". Besides voicity it (like "ch") can exist in soft and hard variants. 

In short one can claim that Black&White video is more efficient than the color one (it takes less volume), but actually it conveys less information. 

Eng. sport < Old Eng. spyrd, Goth. spɔrd-s "racing" < Proto-Germ. *spurd < PIE *sperdh- "run competition" 

There is also a calque for "et cetra", also can be abbreviated. 

The suffix -ism is derived from PIE adjective suffix combination+ending -ismos 

dius sky, daylight (root dei̯- "sky") 

I think the most difficult thing in English is phonetics. While I can read and write in English well, I still cannot understand anything the news outlets say on the TV, not to say to understand any song. It is also a heavy effort for me to speak English, especially the vowels, actually I never know how each vowel should be pronounced so often people do not understand me. I totally do not recognize, and even understand any difference between "a" as in "pay" and "e" and between "ee" as in "sheep" and "ship". 

Also take into account the root *per- meaning "first", "in front", "against" and Proto-Slavic perdъ "before, in front of" < PIE *per-dʰ-o. 

For post-scriptum "P.S." there is a calque as well, it even uses the same sounding initial letters: "prodolzhenie sleduet" ("continuation follows"). 

The words derived from non-IE language were often anglicized, latinized or hellenized before entering English. 

An ironic consequence of this hypothesis if we accept it would be that the both parts of the English word "yesterday" originate from the same root: the yester- part is from dhĝhi̯es "yesterday" while the second part is from dheĝhr "day". The corresponding PIE form would be dhĝhi̯esterom dheĝhr (according the rules, the first word due to large consonant cluster would be pronounced starting with ĝh- already in PIE). It is unknown whether such form was used already in PIE or originated later, but it does not seem impossible especially given that dhĝhi̯es is adverb rather than a noun. For instance, in Russian you can say "вчера" "yesterday" and "вчерашний день" "yesterday(adj.) day". 

Note also that Vasmer connects Russian spor "dispute" to Avest pǝrǝt- and Old Indic pŕ̥tanā "struggle" so that the s- in PIE *sperdh- could be s-mobile. 

For hard version of it Serbian and Macedonian use Џ џ letter, Tajik uses Ҷ ҷ letter, Azeri Cyrillic uses Ҹ ҹ (Azeri Latin uses "c" in some positions), Khakassian uses Ӌ ӌ, Gagauz and Moldovan (Romanian Cyrillic) use Ӂ ӂ, Udmurt uses Ӝ ӝ, Kalmyk and Turkmen use Җ җ. 

So people who went to British-speaking countries said "we were fooled in schools, they pronounce the vowels more like they are spelt than we were taught". 

Python and Marathon are borrowings from Greek where -on is the nominative ending directly derived from PIE nominative ending -om.