Was there something in the terrain at Bannockburn that made a decisive difference compared to Falkirk? For instance, the marshy ground around Bannockburn (and Stirling Bridge) may have proved more of an obstacle to English cavalry than at Falkirk? Peru was the last Spanish colony to be liberated, by others, not through her own efforts, so she wouldn't have sent forces to fight Spain elsewhere. The Mexican navy wasn't created until 1821, when its war of independence was basically won, whereas the Argentine navy had been created a decade earlier, at the beginning of the independence struggles, and the Chilean navy in 1817. The Colombian navy played a limited role early in the war of independence because it was blockaded by the larger Spanish navy, but distinguished itself in the Battle of Maracaibo in 1823, in Venezuelan waters. On the other hand, horsemen could use blade weapons during the era of the musket (1500-1800), for which "killing distance" was only 50 yards, at which range the musketeer could fire only one shot. It was the longer-ranged, faster-loading rifle that made it impossible for a horseman to compete on equal terms with infantry. Was one easier to defend against than the other? Sicily was a major focus of the First and Second Punic Wars. The first Punic war ended with Carthage handing over major grain-growing areas on the island, and the port of Lilybaem to Rome as spoils of war. A "captain" is a commander of a basic unit, a company in the military. As such, it makes sense that he will have one or more "lieutenants," first and second lieutenants that is. The Soviets were the first to be besieged in Stalingrad in September, 1942. They "survived" by pouring in a steady stream of replacements and reinforcements. But more than 90 percent of the original complement of troops became casualties. It was a matter of terrain. The Romans (and Greeks) lived in hilly areas in which the usefulness of cavalry was limited.This was true, with or without the presence of the stirrup (introduced in Europe near the fall of the Roman empire). *One reason why Santa Anna wanted the Alamo was because his brother in law had been humiliated earlier when some 300 Texans had infiltrated the fortress, and threatened to shoot down 1500 Mexican defenders in their own fortifications. The brother-in-law had surrendered the castle in exchange for "the honors of war," the right for his army to leave unmolested, without being taken prisoner. He was taken back by Louis XIV and served faithfully thereafter. even though the Fronde had been "flirting" with Spain, a foreign power. Santa Anna should have left a small part of his army to "screen" the Alamo and continued his main plan to chase the Texas government and the main Texas army under Sam Houston. The actual result was the loss of 500 men trying to storm the castle (a multiple of the defenders), and two precious weeks. This gave Houston enough time to regroup against Santa Anna's weakened and demoralized army. The British couldn't afford such amenities from either the cost or the operational standpoint. They built smaller, more maneueverable ships that were more suited to the rougher, shallower, narrower waters of the English Channel and the North Sea. They also used a lighter, longer ranged, smoothbore cannon, the French culverin to a greater extent than the French did. Fired singly, these guns did less damage than French or Spanish guns, but the greater maneuverability of these guns and their ships meant that these guns could be fired simultaneosly in "broadsides," instead of the French and Spanish practice of firing only their "fore" (or "aft") guns at one time from a narrower base. The reason why the British ships took off after 1750 was because the "Age of Sail" was ending, and the early throes of the industrial Revolution was about to begin. As to the liberation of France, tides, and other issues threatened to prevent a cross-Channel invasion (D-Day at Normandy was basically a 50-50 proposition. Given the choice in 1943 of invading Italy for sure or France "maybe," the Allies reasonably chose "Italy for sure." One can dismiss this as a "mistake" except that Robert Bruce adopted (superficially, at least) somewhat similar tactics against similar two to one odds at Bannockburn in 1314 and won. Second, Prussia typically had 4% of its population in the army (e.g. 80,000 men vs. 2 million), that is 8% of its male population, and 12% of its adult male population. That's a high proportion, but not out of line with other highly militaristic states (e.g. Sweden, or the France of Louis XIV). The addition of a stirrup basically fused horse and rider. A horseman could charge infantry at 4-5 times the speed of the footmen, and the horse also weighed 5-10 times as much as a man. It's no exaggeration to say that on level ground in good weather, a horse and rider working as a "team" had 5-10 times the value of an infantryman, when both were armed with spears, lances, and swords. This gave cavalry the advantage from 400 or 500 CE to at least 1500 CE.