Edit: had the outer implication backwards. 

Hermaphroditism is negligible compared to these numbers. The nested-if definition calls the second one dishonest appropriation, but not the first. It's 

Now, back to your question: knowing that you don't know something is, of course, not a reason to say that something is false, or true, or unknowable. But when you're trying to come up with a compact predictive framework to describe observations, the theory that lets you best deal with those things you can know, and lets you adequately work around that which you don't (or can't--even if you don't know whether it's "don't" or "can't"), is the superior theory. Once that theory is shown to agree with many observations over long periods of time and under a wide range of conditions, it is pragmatic to accept that theory as true in the scientific sense (i.e. in the sense that it is "true" that you cannot fly by flapping your arms). 

See the Wikipedia entry, for example. 

Note that in English, the implication of "some days" is that there are other days that are different. If you said "some days it rains" but it actually rains every day, it would be technically correct but the listener would feel justifiably misled. Almost every phrasing carries some impliciation like this, though: "there has been a day where I neither rode nor drove" suggests such days are rare; "it is not the case that I always ride or drive" suggests that riding or driving is the norm; "sometimes I avoid driving and avoid riding" again suggests rarity; "usually I drive or ride" suggests that sometimes (rarely) you do one but occasionally none; "usually I avoid riding and avoid driving" suggests that you sometimes must do at least one but usually don't. Language is rich with implicature, and if you wish to avoid this, you generally must stick with logical formalism. 

What is the probability that men vs. women will go to a party shrouded and ask random strangers questions about their sex after revealing that they have a brother? What fraction of people identify as some gender that is different than their biological sex? Ignoring the sociological facts as irrelevant by construction in a thought experiment, we can focus on the biology. 

Are siblings' sex correlated to each other at all? What is the (uncorrelated) sex ratio in humans (males/females)? What is the rate of atypical physiological sexual morphology (hermaphrodite, etc.). and we need to know two sociological facts: Tarski's Convention T is not strictly speaking a definition principle for truth - it is an evaluation condition on whether a given axiomatically theorised predicate is a "Materially Adequate" definition to count as a Truth predicate. David Hume, in his discussions about causality, shared your sense of skepticism that there might be anything other than mere observed regularities to our discussions of natural "laws". His philosophy looks at ways in which our cognitive senses of pattern recognition or resemblance hang together in perceiving and evaluating hypothetical instances of causation - in some sense, "laws" of nature are just consequences of how we are psychologically compelled to evaluate our evidence into a structured and coherent picture of things. A speculative reading of the construction might be this: if you take Tarski's point about the impossibility of consistently defining a theory of Truth without a stronger metatheory at its face value, and you suggest that the accessible distance between our world and a world at which a full notion of truth is definable can be realized as a modal claim, you get what Beall is trying to do. Negation is essentially modal, to understand negation we move to our world's metatheoretically richer clone (whose own clone, apparently, is our non-enriched version), and when we do that, we wind up with some basic semantic contradictions, but nothing that overrules the consistency of truth at the level of the states of affairs we posit to constitute our actual world. 

This is a deceptively complex question, and very on the nose when it comes to Tractarian interpretation. My line on this is to say that we need to pay attention to the distinction in the semantics of TLP between "Propositions" (the German "Satz") and "Elementary Propositions" ("Elementarsatz"), and to note the theoretical difficulties in explaining how to cash out the more general notion of Proposition in terms of Truth functions over Elementary Propositions, as in section $5, without sacrificing the Picture Theory approach that makes the semantics of Elementary Propositions seem appealing Kripke's work is of particular relevance to your question of whether Bivalence is a central property of Truth, in that while the technology he introduces is widely accepted as a valuable extension of Tarski's work, some philosophers have read his strategy as an endorsement of the existence of truth value gaps, and others as simply an indication of the structure of an axiomatic theory of "the True sentences" which is itself a classical theory, and developed/argued against it accordingly. 

"Some A is B" has the former commitments rather than the latter, because we're saying that there is an A, such that it is also B. 

In this, Graham Priest in both his In Contradiction (1978) and Doubt Truth to be a Liar (2005) affirms that when it comes to Truth, we need to understand its propositional content as tied to the act of Asserting something. Specifically, Truth is supposed to be the ideal form of assertion - when you say something, you do it in the aim of its being true, and that's what being true consists in. Assertion might, we think, have some kind of deontic component - what people can and/or ought to assert is subject to some conventional norms, with the above suggestion that you can back up your claims with good evidence being one possibility.