I am not sure that linguistic arguments concluding that something "must" exist would be considered reasonable even in today's metaphysics. A classical example is the "ontological argument", whose rejection by Kant on the grounds that "existence is not a predicate" is largely shared today. 

Descartes's argument is really a version of the "cosmological argument", as mentioned in the article from the philosophy Journal. He adopts ideas with scholastic origins which would have been understood at the time. To the logical flaws of the cosmological argument (which is now considered invalid). Descartes adds some problematic reasoning of his own, the so-called Cartesian Circle:"Descartes first argues from clearly and distinctly perceived premises to the conclusion that an all-perfect God exists; he then argues from the premise that an all-perfect God exists to the conclusion that whatever is clearly and distinctly perceived is true". 

We can only speculate why the shift occurred. Perhaps, it made for a cleaner separation between the lowly and the spiritual than malleable Aristotelian "matters", and/or "souls as pure forms" were more credibly incorruptible than the ones made of "spiritual matter". Aquinas does draw a distinction between the latter and angels ("and the very fact that the soul in a certain way requires the body for its operation, proves that the soul is endowed with a grade of intellectuality inferior to that of an angel, who is not united to a body"), but it is moot for the present purposes since for him even the human soul can subsist without a body. Aquinas personally also had additional reasons related to perception of universals in his theory of cognition. Here is from Summa Theologica: 

Note to PROP. VII. For instance, a circle existing in nature, and the idea of a circle existing, which is also in God, are one and the same thing displayed through different attributes. Thus, whether we conceive nature under the attribute of extension, or under the attribute of thought, or under any other attribute, we shall find the same order, or one and the same chain of causes - that is, the same things following in either case. Thus, whether we conceive nature under the attribute of extension, or under the attribute of thought, or under any other attribute, we shall find the same order, or one and the same chain of causes - that is, the same things following in either case. 

But with philosophical discourse we are insulated from pragmatic pressures and urgency to act, and have the luxury to dabble in metaphysical musings at leisure, for their own sake, while paying attention to evidence, logic, presuppositions, and other such niceties. Then it turns out that the goalposts between which the practical mind moves with ease of habit have no solid ground connecting them, and there is no tribunal of pragmatic purpose to judge the right from the wrong by efficiency of suggested actions. Realism is hard to defend by these refined standards because these are not the standards that it has evolved to meet. 

The inverse square law is about gravity, the triangle inequality is about triangles, "the grass is green" is about grass. They sure are. But what makes them being about? A brick wall has bricks in it, but it is not about bricks, or anything. What distinguishes the three examples above from the brick wall is that they are not objects but propositions. Well, what are propositions? They are a kind of thoughts, a.k.a. intentional acts, expressed by declarative sentences. And this is the secret of it: this use of "about" isn't jarring only because it implicitly relates to a more familiar one, the "intentionality" of it is derivative from the "primary" intentionality. In another sense, the triangle inequality is not about triangles, or anything at all, it is a brick wall, a formula, a cipher, only our intention makes it about triangles.