I'm sure if you poke around you can find plenty more. 

It had originally been made in anticipation of needing to drop more bombs on Japan, but Truman put a halt to that, and shortly after Japan surrendered. Los Alamos had the parts of a third bomb ready to go, but it was never shipped during the war. They used the core for testing and it was involved in two major accidents that killed two scientists. Some examples actually built... 

All that oil had to be shipped to refineries and the products to where it was needed by an ill-defended merchant fleet. Japan would be further crippled by the loss of most of this fleet to American and Allied submarines, aircraft and mines. 

The US considered Germany less of a direct threat. Germany was not a great maritime power, seaborne invasion was not a threat. With no territorial interests in Europe, US had no direct stake in the war. There was a very strong isolationist movement in the US which Roosevelt had to carefully step around to supply the Allies. The more the US got involved in supplying arms to the Allies, the more they came into conflict with German U-boats, the more likely war became. 

All of these weapons exemplify a style of equipment to meet the needs of the Soviet army. They're as effective as German equipment. They can be effectively used by poorly trained soldiers. They can be cheaply and simply made by a severely disrupted industry. They don't need to last long, because they'll probably be sacrificed, and there's more on the way. 

The armor became inadequate in later years. Unreliable transmission. Bad optics. In 1941, when the Germans were slicing through most Soviet tank formations of BTs and T-26s, the T-34 was a shock. With a better gun and armor than the German dedicated anti-tank tank, the Panzer III, a well positioned T-34 could hold up many times their number. 

In November, 1942, three months after the battle of Stalingrad began, the Soviet Union, launched Operation Uranus, a counterencirclement of the German forces in and around the city, in two prongs. My problem is that I am not sure how to define "Russia." I want the 1941 "predecessor" to today's Russia (post war changes probably mean that they are not exactly the same)." My best guess is that the best proxy for "Russia" is the Russian Federalist Soviet Republic, assuming it is in fact the best "predecessor." 

What accounts for the relative U.S. superiority in the air? And is it fair to say that without air superiority, the U.S. and Allies would have had great difficulty beating the Germans? Or are there credible sources or studies that show that the Allies could have won only using overwhelming numbers and firepower on the ground, without superior airpower? The larger, northern prong debouched from the south bend of the Don heading southeast, and four days later reached the appointed rendezvous point at Kalach, 40 miles west of Stalingrad, which contained the main German line of communications. 

Did anyone in the U.S. military or government advocate such a "Machiavellian" policy? Were there people who counterargued that keeping up the flow of Lend Lease aid would save American lives? And the Allies weren't "at the race track," but at home, "heading down to the track." They could, and did cross the German border, but the experience of World War I had taught them that even with a 5-to-1 advantage, defeating a fortified enemy would take some time, certainly more than a month. And suppose they began to get the better of the defenders of the Siegfried line... 

In September, 1940, Britain traded a number of its New World naval base sites for 50 "overaged' (old) destroyers in the so-called "Destroyer Deal." That doesn't seem like a large number of destroyers, except that it was "large" relative to the existing British destroyer fleet. 

The Demon Core Officially the Demon Core was HS-5,6;R-2 (plutonium-gallium hemispheres 5 & 6, plus a ring to separate them) and was being tested for use. HS-1,2 were used in Trinity, no ring. HS-3,4;R-1 were used in Fat Man. HS-7;R4 was being prepared (the records don't mention HS-8). So this was the third plutonium core produced. 

It had originally been made in anticipation of needing to drop more bombs on Japan, but Truman put a halt to that, and shortly after Japan surrendered. Los Alamos had the parts of a third bomb ready to go, but it was never shipped during the war. They used the core for testing and it was involved in two major accidents that killed two scientists. 

The German navy at this point is in bad shape. Never anything like a match for the Royal Navy, the war had started a few years too soon and naval production schedules were thrown into chaos. They had just taken a mauling in the otherwise wildly successful invasion of Norway losing many small ships. All of these weapons exemplify a style of equipment to meet the needs of the Soviet army. They're as effective as German equipment. They can be effectively used by poorly trained soldiers. They can be cheaply and simply made by a severely disrupted industry. They don't need to last long, because they'll probably be sacrificed, and there's more on the way.