Discovering how to be deceptive is common in the preschool child as this is often the point when they develop Theory of Mind (an understanding that different people can have a different understanding of the same event - the link has an article about the development of this in Asperger's kids, but I thought the cartoons contained within are some of the best for demonstrating how Theory of Mind works). I think it is unlikely your child is truly lying with a full understanding of what it is she is doing. She may be transferring another experience and just mimicking tha t other experience in a confusing to you and inappropriate way, who knows really. You might try out the "test" offered in the cartoon on the Theory of Mind Link to reassure yourself whether your child is likely lying or somehow being confusing. With the holidays fast approaching, I was wondering about toddler safety mechanisms for families that are traveling. Bind drawstrings, open outlets and the typical safety concerns might be an issue. Hotels that aren't generally, "baby-proofed." With airline restrictions as they are (and even before said restrictions) it isn't like you can instal latches and bring all safety devices along. That just isn't realistic. Are there specific questions to ask when booking hotels that can help ensure a safer stay? As a former preschool teacher I'd like first to point out that toddlers are known for having little to no attention span ADHD or not. 

Encourage your child to tell you stories about the pictures he/she draws. Ask so do you mean? and then use synonyms for at least one or two words occasionally during the sharing of this story. 

When he is doing a good job. Make sure to observe it from time to time. "I really appreciate the voice level you are using. You seem to have been trying to match your voice level to the occasion/location" 

Many picture books wind up on children's bookshelves that are only looked at a few times and then they sit there collecting dust - never revisited. Do lots of sorting and classifying. Find a bunch of old buttons and "sort them" together. Let your child describe why each button goes in the pile he has chosen. Are you sorting by color, shape, or something else? 

To Deal with the Symptom "Wow that really hurt mommy. I think I need a little time to recover. Please go to your room so I can have some space and feel safe. You can come out when you are ready to say you are sorry." Then don't give him any attention for the behavior until either he says sorry and/or a minute or two has passed and you are prepared for a follow-up discussion with him. 

When, sometime your child complains about it, you can simply explain that it is to their advantage to know as many languages as possible and to retain and maintain their language skills they have to regularly use the language. If they know that is your stand and know you will not repsond to the use of German, but will only respond to the use of Danish, they may get that adolescent annoyance with you at points in life, but you are the parent and are doing what you believe is right, and enforcing what you value. Of course, in mixed company, you should all be able to use the language best suited to the situation, (Use German with their German friends rather than awkward, forced translation . . .) but in regard to the day-to-day that is what I've seen as the supported hypothesis for best handling the situation.