Copular clauses in English generally have a "Topic BE Focus" structure, rather than a "Focus BE Topic" structure. That is, the phrase that you're predicating something about precedes the copula; what you're predicating of that phrase follows the copula. In your example, you were predicating something about "the guy behind you", namely that you were mistaken as to his identity. You weren't predicating something about your wife (as you would have been if you had said "I thought you were behind me"). What are the semantics of this construction? What constraints are there on the semantic role of the subject and its relationship to the action of the verb? For example, one constraint seems to be that the subject should be aware of the action: He had his car stolen, but he didn't realize it sounds strange to me. Also, it seems like the action has to be agentive (though the agent is someone other than the subject): He had his key lost is obviously bad. When and how did this construction arise? Is it historically an extension of the causative have construction? What other languages have similar constructions, i.e. ones that line up the subject with an "affectee" or "beneficiary" argument, and what do these look like morphosyntactically? (The "benefactive pivot" construction of some Philippine languages seems to be one example.) where e is an eventuality (also called situation, possible event, or state of affairs). Such logical forms can express everything one can encounter in language (such as quantification and logical connectives) so there's no reason not to use them if it helps elsewhere. And help it does a lot in pragmatically interpreting discourse. Meaning assembly that produces this kind of logical forms can be easily implemented (with or without lambda calculus) in both phrase-based and dependency-based grammar formalisms. Meaning assembly via composition rules is best done using unification. If one uses Davidsonian (or neo-Davidsonian, i.e., Parsonsian) logical forms, every phrase (including preterminals) is associated with an LF fragment and an individual. If you have a ternary (or, in general, a nonbinary) rule, the individual of a subordinated phrase is unified with a variable in the LF fragment of the head. For example, the predicate of "give" is quaternary and the corresponding rule is VP -> V NP NP. Then the individual associated with V (the eventuality) is unified with that of VP. The individual associated with the indirect object is unified with the fourth argument of the predicate of the verb, etc. The subject variable remains open until it's unified later by another rule. Since (neo-)Davidsonian formulae are existentially closed conjunctions of literals, when the parsing is completed we take all literals used during parsing to be conjuncts and add a quantifier for each variable occurring in the LF. Under either approach to plurality, a singular and plural form have distinct denotations, so I don't think they would be considered the same word semantically (assuming that the notion of a semantic word would correspond to a denotation, although I don't know if that is what's usually done.) Ritter, E., & Rosen, S. T. (1997). The function of< i> have. Lingua, 101(3), 295-321. They argue that the introduction of additional arguments to a construction correlates with the introduction of additional event structure to a predicate. So since "have" systematically introduces a new argument, it also systematically introduces more event structure. It is unspecified, however, for what kind of extra event structure it contributes. It can thus be interpreted as extending the event beyond the original starting point of the event - in which case the introduced argument will be interpreted as the causer of the event. Or it can be interpreted as extending the event beyond the original ending point of the event - in which case the introduced argument will be interpreted as the experiencer/affectee of the event. (I tried to schematize this below in a sort of diagram.)