Cognitive Social Emotional (sometimes this is combined with #2) Physical (which includes mobility but mostly fine and gross motor skills in general) Visual Aural Oral (This doesn't just include language, but also eating and the ability to properly manipulate the mouth/tongue which will influence language development) Technically, 5 and 6 aren't true milestones, but from my own experience I truly believe that these two things are important enough to warrant a separate point. Before we got C's new RGP lenses, she was starting to get well behind on her development, but as soon as we changed she began hitting milestones like crazy and is completely caught up. The same is true with her language development. We had a really hard time with ear infections for a few months, and a couple of weeks after we had tubes put in her vocabulary just exploded. I can't prove that the tubes were the primary reason for that...it might just be that she was due for a vocab explosion anyway, but I don't believe it's a coincidence. I've listed a couple of websites below with some good general milestones (but it seems like every website has a different list). 

Just off the top of my head, I thought of: 

Use a humidifier. Don't let salt or chlorine dry on the skin. In case you visit a local pool or something. Protect your baby's skin from the elements. Make sure when you take her out that she's thoroughly covered and protected from the wind and cold. ETA: As for her dandruff: She probably has cradle cap which is an incredibly common condition. Both my kids had it. It's really hard to get rid of altogether, but you can sort of minimize it. When I washed my kid's hair, I would take a really soft baby brush and sort of massage their scalp in circular motions while the shampoo was still in their hair. This will help loosen some of the dry skin and you can just rinse it away. It probably won't get rid of it 100%, but it should help. I've also heard you can use olive oil to do this, and once I got really desperate and used a combination of shampoo and baby oil on my daughter's scalp, but it took FOREVER to get all the oil out of her hair. There are also some cradle cap shampoos you can buy at any big box store if some of the home remedies don't help. If it's REALLY bad and none of this helps, then you should probably talk to your doctor about it. 

Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Newborn Hearing Screening Laws Flow Chart 

There seems a desire to question this woman's behavior because she doesn't fit a stereotypical ideal of motherhood. The truth is, none of us know what kind of mother she is. And few of us would stand up to scrutiny 24 hours a day. I certainly did not. 

Furthermore, IDS is exaggerated, meaning vowel sounds are easier to pick out: 

Remember that just 3 weeks ago, the baby was moving with you whenever you moved around, He is not used to lying still without movement. :) 

Why is she living with you? Where is her mother? Is she living with you against her will? How is her relationship with her father? Why were her parents divorced? Where does she get money to buy a new phone when hers is confiscated? 

The first is putting a bug in their ear, showing empathy for the concern you might be causing them, and is in keeping with your respective roles. And you can occasionally feed the bug if at first you don't succeed. 

Unasked-for advice is tricky. No one can see what you see and know the parents like you do. 

If you don't, then befriend and talk with older women in your culture who seem to have raised their children to be truly good people, and hear what they have to say. Maybe they can give you some insight into discipline that was both effective and loving. In the meantime, if she is soon to leave, love her as best as you can in this situation, for she did not create it. If her father left her mother for you, accept that she will not love you immediately. But there are standards she should obey, and discipline she should endure for bad behavior that she can't skirt with money. This episode has already been paid for by the slap she received. Forgive her and move on from it. I doubt it will become a habit. 

Use a humidifier. Don't let salt or chlorine dry on the skin. In case you visit a local pool or something. Protect your baby's skin from the elements. Make sure when you take her out that she's thoroughly covered and protected from the wind and cold. ETA: As for her dandruff: She probably has cradle cap which is an incredibly common condition. Both my kids had it. It's really hard to get rid of altogether, but you can sort of minimize it. When I washed my kid's hair, I would take a really soft baby brush and sort of massage their scalp in circular motions while the shampoo was still in their hair. This will help loosen some of the dry skin and you can just rinse it away. It probably won't get rid of it 100%, but it should help. I've also heard you can use olive oil to do this, and once I got really desperate and used a combination of shampoo and baby oil on my daughter's scalp, but it took FOREVER to get all the oil out of her hair. There are also some cradle cap shampoos you can buy at any big box store if some of the home remedies don't help. If it's REALLY bad and none of this helps, then you should probably talk to your doctor about it.