Here are my References (all in Arabic so far): 

According to your Question you regard "that the Holy Quran is the single most important source of information" as you said. 

means, they were the wives of two of Allah's Messengers and were their companions by day and night, eating with them and sleeping with them, as much as any marriage contains of interaction between spouses. 

Ad-Dahhak reported that Ibn Abbas said, 

It has no direct link to supernovae, however this meaning can't totally be rejected. 

If we take the Verse (43:84)literally, it would mean that there's a deity in the heaven and an other on earth, which is a clear conflict to our monotheistic view (tawhid). Maybe the translation of Muhsin Khan (see also the translation of Dr. Ghali) shows this issue more clearly than any other: 

So when the Messenger of Allah (peace be upon him) died the Quran was not compiled in a book but memorized in first place by many hufadh/hufaz (memorizers) among the sahaba (May allah be pleased with them) (see for example this hadith narrated by Hammam, Qatada and also by Anas (May Allah be pleased with them)! 

Now according to comment of ibn Hajar al-'Asqalani in fath al-Bari (on Sahih al-Bukhari) there are three different aspects which have been discussed by scholars on this hadith: 

At least here is a Hadith narrated in other Versions in other books mentioning that Quran isn't the only source of islamic wisdom! 

Before answering one must be aware that voting or not at the end is a private decision! 

Ibn 'Ashour in his tafsir at-tahrir wa-tanwir says that this example is set by Allah as a warning for non-Beleivers to show them that they won't have any advocates by Allah no matter how near they are to Believers, so unless they believe they can't seek refuge or help from anybody but Allah. The example shows that this applies even to the wife's of the prophets and is also a sign for the wife's of our Messenger (Peace be upon him) whom have been mentioned at the beginning of the surah telling them don't be like the wife of Noah or the wife of Lut but do your best to be like the wife of Pharao and Mariam daughter of 'Imran (whom would be mentioned later). 

The question is unclear to me. It would be better if you pointed out: 

If the country is found on shari'a or Islamic rules than voting is part of the obligation to render trusts. The mufti has based his opinion on verse 4:58 and this sahih hadith. In case of a country which isn't ruled by shari'a law and where the voting system is of the kind Islam rejects (democracy and communism are quoted) the primarily view is that one shouldn't vote because of verses like 4:140 11:113 and 48:25. But if the good scholars and people of knowledge had the opinion that there's an interest (based on shari'a) for Muslims (like if this choice would result in a decrease of a kind of falsehood or show the truth ...) if they push or chose a non-Muslim candidate than that could be an exception and it should be allowed. You could also read this fatwa on islamqa saying that the verdict for such issues can't be general but differs according to different circumstances and places.