Generally, each team has one jungler, which means that there will be one lane of two, and two lanes of one. Since the middle lane will always be a solo lane, this means that top and bottom will have varying numbers of champions, depending on the lane. It sucks, but it is what it is. Enemy towers will always target allied minions first, switching to champions only if there are no longer any allied minions around. The exception to this is if you deal damage to an enemy champion, in which case the tower will immediately switch to the damaging champion, shooting at them until they die or move out of range. Maokai Maokai is a great tank based around team fights. His ultimate is an AoE damage reduction, which when strategically placed, can turn the tide of fights. He has a snare, which is great to gank with, or focus down the enemy carry, a small AoE slow, and a really strong harass with his ranged sapling. His passive makes him have a very strong laning presence. After every 5 abilities, his next auto attack heals him 7% hp. This is also a incredibly useful skill in team fights, giving him huge survivability potential. Even situation: You - Vayne, Them - Irelia. For example, champions like Amumu use Doran's Rings very well. Amumu chews through mana pretty quickly, and his ratios of 1.0, .01 (does % life damage), 0.5, and 1.0 use any bonus AP super well. It allows Amumu to rack up some damage and then focus on other items that he needs like tanking, because he does very well with little AP and some bonus mana regen. It's also important that every item on Amumu provides some bonus hp as he has to be in close range and take some damage in order to cast his spells. The newest champion has an amazing amount of versatility, making him a great top pick. He can go ranged like any other carry, or become a mean melee. He has some defensive moves and plenty of ways to farm well and trade damage. I haven't played him so I can't personally vouch for an instant-win, but I recommend trying him out. Will post more info when I have more time to think about him. It should still be noted that Abyssal Scepter requires that you be very close to the enemy to apply its effect. This can be much riskier for you if you're not built as a tanky AP or if you don't have Zhonya's Hourglass; for this reason, buying Void Staff is usually preferable for AP mids, while Abyssal Scepter is usually preferred on AP junglers and AP tops. Noticeably, since MR Reduction (also known as MR shred) actually reduces an enemy's Magic Resistance, an MR shred item will benefit anyone on your team who deals Magic damage. Magic Penetration, on the other hand, will benefit only yourself. Aatrox's passive is Blood Well. It's a revival passive, much like Anivia's. It has a 225 second cooldown. Whenever Aatrox expends HP by casting a spell, it gets added to his secondary bar, which is also named his Blood Well. There are four general groups of champions in League of Legends right now for classifying how they cast spells: Mana-based, Energy-based, HP-based, and Manaless.