My planned solution to this problem, when I get back to working on my villager trading system, is to have a core breeding area, that infinitely breeds. On the far right, I place a water gate. Then, have a system that allows villagers to "escape" once the population is large. I have the following underground farm. It's not optimal in terms of space, but for a farm, it's very efficient, and has automatic harvesting. Planting is always manual on these things unfortunately, and that's the bottleneck for massive production. Have you ever seen a slime in your farm? If answer is no, good chance you got something wrong somewhere in your calculations. If you have seen a slime, then very likely there are just too many other places for MOBS to spawn in the 150x150 region around you, that fill up all the MOB slots. Time to break out the torches, and start lighting everything around you. It will grow even in complete darkness, and does not need water. Can only be acquired with a Silk Touch enchanted tool, or Do not drop themselves or 100% of their components when broken, so Silk Touch is still useful, even if the block can be built or acquired without Silk Touch? Ta-da! The smashed ice blocks are now water source. You can use a map editor (such as MCEdit) or a game mod (such as Bukkit WorldEdit plugin) to delete the chunks you haven't built anything in. When you explore them again, they'll regenerate using the most up-to-date method. Cactus must be placed in sand, and not adjacent to another block. Diagonally adjacent is okay. There's a new solution to this that requires Creative mode in multiplayer, and even works underwater. In past updates, biome changes have been retroactive. I logged into my original singleplayer world recently to find it was now a snow biome. If you really want all the latest terrain everywhere, use MCEdit to copy your base and export it as a schematic. Write down the world seed. Start a new world in Minecraft using the same seed, then exit Minecraft and use MCEdit to import your old base into the new world. There are many tutorials on the topics, in particular, google: Minecraft automatic tree farm (or minecraft AFK tree farm). A video from a more famous youtuber than previously posted is here: If you have seen a slime, then very likely there are just too many other places for MOBS to spawn in the 150x150 region around you, that fill up all the MOB slots. Time to break out the torches, and start lighting everything around you. Now, the third hopper can only pull one item / cycle from the second hopper, so the second hopper pushes the "extra" item into the top chest. I have the following underground farm. It's not optimal in terms of space, but for a farm, it's very efficient, and has automatic harvesting. Planting is always manual on these things unfortunately, and that's the bottleneck for massive production. I bumped up memory to 4 Gig, and I've never had minecraft crash since due to excessive numbers of mobs. (It will get laggy, whenever there are more than 500 mobs around)