Crucially, however, the fact that the reader knows that I am seated right now does not compel me to sit. The fact that I am seated remains contingent; it does not suddenly become necessary when someone discovers it. A word on Contingency, Necessity, and God’s Creative Action God is omniscient and omnipotent, and so it follows that everything that God wills is accomplished, in exactly the way that He wants it. 

On the other hand, for us, future contingent actions are a mystery. The reader can only conjecture as to what I will be doing an hour from now. (And not even I can be absolutely sure.) 

I was unable to find any official Church document that addresses the issue of interracial marriage directly, but Canon Law places no restriction whatsoever on race (neither the current code nor the older code issued in 1917). 

There have doubtless been individual parishes that have refused marriages to interracial couples, but in general the Church has never refused such marriages. 

Although it is not Magisterium, as a source for this principle, a good reference is St. Thomas Aquinas' treatise on the virtues: Summa Theologiae Ia-IIae, qq. 49-89, especially qq. 55 (in particular Article 4) and 71, which define the nature of virtue and vice. We human beings have no trouble knowing about contingent actions that are in the present (at least, those that are readily visible, not the interior dispositions of a person’s soul, obviously). For example, the fact that I am seated right now at the computer is contingent: it depends on me; I could just as easily be standing up right now, or taking a walk. If the reader were to see me right now, he would see that I am seated. 

However, it is a logical fallacy—a classic non sequitur—to deduce from this fact that therefore opposition to same-sex marriage is based on prejudices similar to those of the Jim Crow era. 

In other words, God already knows from all eternity who will be saved (i.e., who is predestined) and who will not be saved (i.e., who is reprobate). In principle, there is no obstacle to the marriage of any baptized Catholic man to any baptized Catholic woman, regardless of race. Since James is almost certainly writing in the Middle East, in a context heavily influenced by Jewish culture (indeed, probably to an audience of Jewish Christians), the oil in question is almost certainly olive oil. (Since the O.P. mentions the homosexual marriage issue, please note that St. Paul is by no means downplaying the complementarity of the sexes in this passage; he is simply saying that neither men nor women are prevented from enjoying full communion in Christ. All too often—especially in the ancient world—women have endured a status as second-class citizens; St. Paul is saying that there are no second-class citizens in the Church.) 

In short, the answer is “yes,” if that is at all possible. So in reality, the "law of gradualness" is simply rooted in the makeup of man: his actions, good or sinful, leave a durable "residue" in him, that we call "virtue" or "vice." Commit acts of stealing, and you will eventually find that you have formed the habit (vice) of stealing. In order to heal, you will need to conquer the vice with contrary acts (acts of honesty), until you have the habit (virtue) of honesty. It should be noted, therefore, that sin and condemnation are not “failures” on God’s part, but only on man’s part. God is fully aware that his creatures are capable of opting away from Him: that ability is part of the marvelous perfection with which God endowed us. Olive oil continues to be the base for all of the oils used in a Christian context nowadays: most notably the oil of chrism (also called myron in the Eastern churches), used in Baptism, Confirmation (Chrismation), and Holy Orders. A different oil, called the oil of the sick—also based on olive oil—is used for the Sacrament of Anointing of the Sick.*