First the irrelevant one where one points out a very minor hypocrisis: They can't exploit this because correlation does not imply causation. The Political Parties Act (PartG) implements this article with some more specific restrictions on how parties need to be organized internally. Now there are four possible forms of Whataboutism responses: A one-person-party would not be legal according to this law. Section 2 (10) says that parties must "offer a sufficient guarantee of their sincerity [...] especially as regards the size and strength of their organization, their membership numbers and their visibility in public". It doesn't give a specific minimum size, but I doubt anyone would disagree that "one" is insufficient. Further, section 10 (1) says "No general refusal to admit new members, even if of limited duration, shall be permissible.". That means parties must be open to accepting new members. Even though they don't need to accept everyone. The same section also reads "the party shall freely decide on the admission of members. No reasons need to be given for rejecting an application for membership". So if a party claims to be open to new members but rejects everyone for undisclosed reasons, it's up to the prosecution to prove that they refuse everyone and are not just very picky. Here your opponent tries to derail the debate. Point out that you are debating whether to vote for Bob Bobson or Alice Alison. Charles Charlton does not stand for election, so whatever he did is irrelevant to the debate. Yes, in neighboring Germany for example. The German Grundgesetz (constitution) Article 21, Section 1, says (original German | official English translation): By the way, demanding a new general election because people are unhappy with the prime minister does not make much sense, because the prime minister is not elected by the general public. The general public vote the members of the parliament and then the parliament decides who becomes prime minister (technically the monarch decides, but practically they always pick the one the parliament wants). So when the UK public wants a new prime minister, they should petition the parliament to ask the queen to appoint someone else. A reelection does not necessarily reach that goal because the new parliament could just pick the same prime minister again.