Simplicity: usually this is taken to be a matter of the fewest unexplained posits. For instance, a theory that posits only physical entities is simpler than one that posits physical and mental entities. Then some formulation of Ockham's razor would be appealed to in order to favor the simplest theory, all other things being equal. 

But often you want to consider other sorts of necessity/modality. For example, in provability logic you are concerned with provability rather than possibility. Provability logic is generally thought to be intermediate in strength between S4 and S5 (I've seen it claimed to be S4.2 or S4.3 most frequently). 

Going to theories of god, the same constraints must be satisfied. The theory of god being posited must be consistent (even if we cannot prove it is so), and the concept of god on offer must be reasonably well-defined. 

In both cases, however, we would need some reason to think the relevant body of claims is true. In the case of math, we typically think that the utility of mathematics in describing and making predictions about the world gives us reason to believe the claims are true. Our experience of counting seems to give us reason to accept arithmetic, and measurement seems to commit us to something like a theory of real numbers. The truth of the corresponding mathematical theories seems to be the best explanation for the regularities we find in counting and measurement. So, we think these abstract theories are true. 

Meinongianism and the theory of non-existent objects has not gotten wide acceptance. Most philosophers who advance some sort of Meinongianism these days try to accomplish the same as the distinction between exist/not-exist with some other distinction(s) like abstract/concrete or actual/possible/impossible. 

There is, however, a more general and interesting question about whether possible worlds talk grounds or makes true modal claims--- the question of which is metaphysically prior you might say. The metaphysical/explanatory priority of possible worlds is something Lewis would accept, but I'm not sure how common a stance it is. It relies on a certain reduction that only the modal realist has been able to pull off (and even there you have critics claiming the reduction is unsuccessful). 

To say 1=1 does not express identity because there is a spatial difference between the left and right is confusing the thing with the symbol that denotes it. The number one is identical with itself. Of course a serious issue arises over how symbols denote things, and there is much debate over this. Frege held that names are a kind of abbreviated definite description, but this is only one of many accounts of the meaning of names. 

Classically, there is no difference. Identity is a two place predicate which has the value true if its arguments are numerically identical and false otherwise. One can write such a predicate as Identical(x,y) or one can write it as x=y. The latter is just 'syntactic sugar' that makes sentences easier to read, but it expresses the same thing. This is the way identity is employed in logic, in particular in predicate logic, and by extension in mathematics. 

There are plenty of contexts (intensional contexts) in which identity relations appear to violate the indiscernibility of identicals. For example, "Mary knows that George Orwell wrote 1984" might be true, while "Mary knows that Eric Blair wrote 1984" might be false (even though George Orwell = Eric Blair). In general what this means is that while a given identity relation might correspond to a purely extensional equivalence in a particular logic, there might be a more expressive logic in which that identity relation is not extensional. 

Way 2: Metaphysical opposites: Here, the claim is that what is true in our world is false in this world, and what is false in this world is true in that world. In other words, it's not that they say "2" when they mean -2, it's that they use language in the same way but the objects that populate their world are opposite. 

What this does show us, however, is that the units for position functions are arbitrary. (We can put the origin (0,0,0,...) wherever we want and just move everything from there). Mass functions and many other types of evaluative functions are not. To give an example: 

I'm not entirely following the dichotomy you propose but I would suggest the following interpretation I take to be Aristotleian. 

Specifically, I see two moves hidden between (2) and (1) that undermine the necessity. First, (1) posits eternal, immutable entities about substantive things in the world (Plato believes there's a form of horse, for instance) whereas (2) posits only a invariant proportion as eternal and immutable (which has no perfect physical instantiation). 

Conceptualisms - views where we have "concepts" in our mind but that these don't exist out there in things. One medieval version is called "Nominalism." This is generally the dominant view type today. 

At the same time, there's a word "bam". the writing of b, a, and m as letters are the material causes necessary for the existence of a syllable "bam." But blue ink or green ink respectively is necessary for the existence of a readable image as an existing thing. 

Separately, not everyone is committed to the eternal truth of 1 + 1 = 2. There are also other positions that posit that this is a function of our mental apparatus rather than reality. (See for instance the considerations at http://www.math.harvard.edu/~mazur/papers/plato4.pdf ). 

Are the written syllable and readable image identical? Not in every single respect -- as is clearly demonstrated in that we can produce the same syllable differently. But that's just a feature of the general discernability of materially different things. 

In your example, you seem to be looking at two samples of [digital] writing in different colors and asking whether he sees syllable as a concrete instance or abstract type. 

Aristotle refers to letters as the cause (his word aitia) of a syllable in Metaphysics BK 1 and Physics book 2 part 3. He doesn't specifically say material cause (but you're not the first to draw the inference by a long shot). 

There's of course a trick in that this "know" is the know that most thinkers after Plato have given up on and not something like JTB. 

To accept (2) is roughly to be committed to Mathematical Platonism.