http://jsbin.com/asupup/2   -- The "2" corresponds to your "page1.aspx" ...and But for the most part, you can happily access the earlier elements. Consider: The Gulp one-liner from their website: Those links above in a list for clarity: If we re-run the query at that point: So in summary, combine them as much as you reasonably can. If you can't reasonably combine a couple, don't worry about it too much until/unless you see a real-world problem. Using jQuery, like this (followed by a solution that doesn't use jQuery except for the event; lots fewer function calls, if that's important): The Grunt one-liner from theirs: You have a fundamental misunderstanding of what (See below for a complete, largely-untested, and certainly un-refactored off-the-cuff solution. But first, the bits and pieces of it.) Some other things to consider: I have a form in a fluid design consisting of a series of labels and fields, where I want them to flow one after another and wrap down if necessary to support the width of the window. (The label and input must flow as a unit, no dangling label at the end of one row with its input on the next row.) But when they wrap, I want the fields to line up in a tidy way. Is there some way to do this with HTML and CSS? (Unfortunately, I have to support older browsers without CSS3 columns [if they'd even help here].) Note that in JSON, the top level item must be an array or object (that's not true anymore), it cannot just be a string. So you'll want to create an object and make the HTML string a property of the object (probably the only one), so the resulting JSON looks something like: Here's a live example: http://jsbin.com/icazi4, relevant extract: It looks okay when they're stacked up with the longest label in each column: Bower is useful for managing the client-side libraries in your projects. You can use Bower to install, say, the latest version of Bootstrap, and it will put the relevant files in standard locations in your project. Bower can update those files if a newer Bootstrap comes out. If a library depends on other libraries (Bootstrap's JS relies on jQuery, for instance), Bower helps manage that tree. There are helpful tasks for Grunt (and I assume for Gulp) that can even automate adding the script and link tags to your HTML for those libraries, by having a placeholder in your source HTML that basically says "put the Bower libs here."