NOTE: different brands will have slightly different fit dimensions (stack and reach) for the same quoted frame size. Frame sizing is not standardized. 

Finally, wheel longevity can also be affected by bearing type. Cartridge bearing wheels could also provide some better longevity compared to cone and cup arrangements if you adverse to maintenance. Cup and cone require periodic maintenance, that if missed for extended periods, can result in permeant damage to bearing races. This can be a problem if the damaged race is the one that is part of the wheel hub. Alternatively, a damaged cartridge bearings can simply be removed and replaced, which can be hard to do at home, but most local bike shops should be able to do without issue. 

Other Types of Group Rides As eluded to earlier (and in other answers) not all club rides are created equal. Some rides are focused on building base fitness and camaraderie. These groups are usually focused on riding a consistent pace (no surges) and usually have a "no drop" policy. These types of rides are a great if you are new to pack riding. 

Take Home Go back and try the frames again, also try getting the staff to flip the stems up or down or move spacers around so you can try a few different positions. Finally, don't neglect the saddle position as this can totally change the feeling of a fit if the saddle is not set up properly (e.g., angled too up or down, set backward/forward too much). 

How to make yourself look stronger when at a disadvantage One part of group riding is figuring out ways to turn the screws on your fellow riders. This is often a combination of psychological warfare and physical strength. Yes a well sorted road bike can increase your speed, if it is done right; That said, you can optimize a CX bike to be very similar in speed to a dedicated road bike; and You need to get a number of pieces right (regardless of the bike category) to make higher speeds easier. While a human on a bicycle is an incredibly efficient transportation machine we don't have much power to work with, so speed gains must be made through a focus on efficiency. You can of course always become a stronger rider, but even the strongest riders are limited by a slow setup. 

I am suspicious your fitter is really only considering performance fits. If you are racing or doing large efforts (e.g., 250+ watts sustained effort) you need a way to resist the force generated by your legs. In this case a low body position and pulling back on the hoods works well. If you are riding in a more relaxed pace (e.g., under 175 watts), this body position makes little sense as you have less force to resist. This is why touring and endurance positions typically have shorter reach and more upright (higher stack) as you do not need as closed of a body angle to resist the force generated by your legs.