(There is, oddly enough, a list kept on Wikipedia of Catholics excommunicated by year.) 

The Old-Testament depiction of God’s emotions, therefore, is to be regarded as metaphorical: as expressing in human language a truth about God that cannot be adequately formulated in human words. 

See CIC 1331, for more information on the effects of this penalty. 

This one is easy: impotence makes marriage impossible (invalid). To quote the Code of Canon Law, 

There have doubtless been individual parishes that have refused marriages to interracial couples, but in general the Church has never refused such marriages. 

What a “dispensation” is First of all, a “dispensation” is a legal term, in which the competent authority relieves one of its subjects from having to follow a law (or part of a law) in a particular case. The Code of Canon Law describes dispensations as follows: 

With some drugs, there is the added danger of severe and lasting dangers to health and life (apart from the intoxication itself). 

God is Triune—that is, Father, Son, and Holy Spirit—by nature from all eternity. The Fatherhood of God is not simply a “persona” that God assumed; it is He very Being. (He is also Son and Holy Spirit, of course.) He is also “Father” in the sense that His act of creating resembles the generation that is proper to human fatherhood (strictly speaking, as I mention below, it is more a question human fatherhood resembling God’s Fatherhood). 

To understand the difference, it is helpful to understand the basics of the Catholic teaching about marriage. 

It can lead to unjust and burdensome intrusions by the state into the family: 

The answer, in essence, is “no.” 

In a similar way, when the Bible speaks of the “wrath” of God, it is expressing in human language how much our own actions can offend God, and that when we commit such actions, we invariably experience some kind of suffering. It is that consequence of our sinful actions that the Bible interprets as the “wrath” of God: not that He is ever literally angry, but that sometimes He must allows us to experience the consequences of our actions in order to teach us not to disobey Him. 

In this case, the reason does not have to do so much with procreation, as with the fact that marriage by its very nature entails at least the possibility of engaging in sexual intercourse. That is, evidently, not possible in the case of impotence, and so neither is marriage. 

In summary: the saints are not dead, nor does praying to them constitute a forbidden, occult practice.