Since this question was asked, a chat system was implemented. It's currently split into three areas: 

Possible problems: gray-to-orange ink might be prohibitively expensive to use on a stein, might be toxic and might not even exist. Same for clear-to-green ink. 

Using stackoverflow to determine which questions should go to which site after the split is a good idea, but I'm afraid the tag is applied too inconsistently for that to work out in practice. This is especially true for MSO's oldest questions: the ones that were asked on SO before MSO existed, using the tags sofaq or stackoverflow. Back then, questions about the network and questions about SO were basically the same thing (which, of course, is why we're in this situation to begin with). More recent questions are also affected. Those that are specific to SO, perhaps because they're about particular questions or users, often don't get tagged with stackoverflow. This is most likely because infrequent MSO users don't even know the tag exists. The reverse is also true. Many meta questions (both SO-specific and network-specific) get asked on SO and migrated here. Sometimes they bring along the stackoverflow tag; sometimes, the stackoverflow.com tag; sometimes both; sometimes neither. It may also be helpful to consider the tags specific-question and specific-user when deciding where to send questions. I'm not against "spring cleaning," but I can't think of a good way to automate it, and I doubt it would have enough value to justify the effort. As for which questions should be "spring cleaned," maybe we could start with the ones that ask why SO doesn't have a per-site meta and the ones that ask why MSO also does the job of MSE. 

They have to notice the duplicate link and understand that the answer they are looking for is likely behind that link. I don't think this is all that obvious to someone without experience with an SE site. 

The box explaining the commitment percentage on Area 51 states about the commitment score 

The traffic sources pie chart of the moderator analytics also shows the values as percentages. I find that number more useful than the absolute value, it is much easier to compare. 

Duplicate questions that use different words to describe the same problem are important for people to find the content via search engines. But the user experience when an anonymous user arrives at a duplicate is less than ideal. 

One example would be a user that is unnecessarily aggressive or rude in his comments, leading to those comments to be deleted by a mod or multiple flags. If the specific incident is not enough to cause a mod to annotate the account, or if it is entirely handled by the community, this behaviour leaves no trace in the user's profile. 

When creating a new chat room, it's possible to not associate it with a specific site, if you choose "The Stack Exchange Network" from the site list (it appears twice for some reason, but that's a separate issue): 

However, after 5 seconds the flag button no longer works; instead you get: 

I think the reputation required to edit questions on SE betas should be massively lowered. Right now it almost seems like it's been overlooked; retagging and close voting were both dropped to 1, while editing remains at 2000 for private beta, 1000 for public beta 

I mangled a convert to comment earlier and needed to undelete the post so I could redo it. When the post was converted a second time, I noticed it suddenly had a single undelete vote (it said "undelete (1)" on the link, and showed up in the 10k list). When I undeleted and converted it again it had two votes, and so on: