Sorry for being blunt, but you're doing the same wrong things I used to do. Save up and get a right-sized bike. 

EDIT: Thanks Moz - Trail is the word I meant. Here's my idea. Your bike looks like a sit-up bike rather than a racer, so its an older shape/design. As per this image, older bikes had little trail, so to get them going straight you had to hold the bars all the time, which is tiring. Riding this hands-free would be a challenge. 

From your photo I think the bike is a bitser, and without decals/names/markings its very hard to identify. 

But, as a tall and leggy guy I know how hard it is to find stuff that fits. I routinely bent seatposts and have cracked a frame by having the seatpost up at maximum extension. 

Further information at http://davesbikeblog.squarespace.com/blog/2007/5/4/trail-fork-rake-and-a-little-bit-of-history.html 

However the hoods and brake levers are 80s or possibly early 90s. They're not combined brifters, the shifters are on the downtube which is completely 80s. 

The horizontal top tube looks 90s when considering its aluminium alloy. Thicker walled aluminium was used when it was a new material for framebuilding, and hydroforming wasn't possible so strength was added with bulk. 

Collectively I think the not-quite-parallel dropouts plus the dropouts were never intended for QR so have no lips or roughenings, and the intense workout of carrying my fat arse down undulating singletrack made the rear quick release slacken off a bit quicker than normal. 

Depending on your monthly mileage and the road conditions, it may never be an issue for you. For me checking that QR is now part of the maintenance check. If it gets really bad I will return to a solid axle with normal nuts. 

The spring provides some pull back towards the center position. If its your bike, try disconnecting the spring and going for a short ride. Does it feel different in steering and front-wheel braking? 

Functionally it works fine for me, I'm riding that bike in a 12 hour relay this weekend. 

The only issue is wheel fitting/removal - a bit of leverage to separate the dropouts and the wheel tucks in nicely. If you needed to do this on the road Murphy's Law may ambush you and make it fiddly. 

Mounting the wheel square is awkward - I use a clamp on the brake lever to close the rim brakes, one hand where the tyre passes the chainstay, and the other hand to close the quick-release. 

(Post-race edit) My 12 hour relay is over, and I noticed that the rear quick release was not great at holding the wheel. Every second lap (2x 13 km) I had to realign the wheel because it had started to rub on the left chainstay. Off road riding exaggerates the effect of distance - I could probably do 500-1000 km on the road to get the same loosening effect. 

The rear wheel cutout in the seat tube is for aerodynamic reasons - it smooths the airflow a bit, but the main advantage was to permit a shorter wheelbase while retaining 700c wheels. 

I'm going to guess that the bike's fork is lacking in follow (ie it has straight forks, or forks without enough bend) so that without the spring, the bike will not self-center. It will likely feel that it wanders over the road and the rider has to actively keep it centered. You probably can't ride hands-free without the spring. 

Edit: adding pic of extended seat pole: 

The front fork is clearly labelled Giant and has straight tines so its relatively modern. Possibly a carbon or aluminium alloy fork, it doesn't look like a steel fork. Fork is also painted completely different to frame, so they're not originally together. Fork is also threadless at the top, which is quite modern. The frame would have had a quill stem when new. 

The road double chainrings are not a compact, instead they're quite close together in size. Not sure what that implies, other than few hills. 

The answer is do your research before buying. Now you're throwing good money after bad trying to fix a problem that you should have detected before buying the bike. I suggest selling it, and buy a suitable bike.