In the third sense, Aquinas sometimes used the Latin word species instead of the Latin forma: Ǝx[Ǝy[Cx & Dxy & ~Fxy)]] An important difference between my counter example and Putnam's airplane example is that mine is more closely related to the idea of communication, which makes it more relevant for the sort of functionality that is necessary for information systems. Like a string of Christmas lights, it's often the case that a single break in a line of communication can render it useless. The observations of these philosophers from antiquity highlight some of the properties which distinguish the mind and the soul from the physical world. In addition to that, each of them provided what might be considered a unified argument to the effect that conscious experience cannot be material because of a necessary incompatibility, but each of them approached it in a slightly different way. Anaxagoras' approach was that the intellect would be unable to "dominate" its objects of thought if there wasn't an ontological distinction to be made. Aristotle essentially agreed with Anaxagoras, but he also asserted that the active must be superior to the passive. Augustine argued that bodily vision alone would be inadequate because otherwise sensation would not be "accompanied by a thought of the soul." Finally, Aquinas asserted that an impression on the passive intellect could only be made provided that there is a common mode of existence with the human intellect. I am particularly looking at how this applies to a mind which is theoretically unfettered by matter but which has agency (a traditional dualist mind). If such a mind chooses to never do an act which cannot be explained with science, what does it look like? Specifically, what does such a mind look like if it never does anything which could be construed as information traveling faster than it should (a hard limit preventing faster-than-light information transfer, and a soft limit preventing transfer faster than neurons), but does have some freewill (at least sufficient freewill to choose to have a structure and self-organize it) . Such a mind should be modelable as many minds linked by messages traveling slowly enough to be commensurate with scientifically explainable movement. Supervenience of the mental onto material implies that all changes in "mental state" can be fully grounded in some physical principle (I believe it is generally what you intended when you phrased the question in the first place, this is just the precise word). If a dualist was to somehow prove that there was a mental state which did not supervene onto a physical state, they would have proven dualism. At such a point, the mental state would not become material, because it would still not behave according to physical laws (in particular, it would exhibit mental behaviors such as freewill). What is particularly interesting about this is that it demonstrates continuity with the ideas of Anaxagoras, Aristotle and Augustine that the mind has a certain nature which is incompatible with the objects of perception. Therefore, according to the philosophy of Aquinas, there must be an adaptation from the physical to the phantasm and finally to the intelligible species. He supports this idea with the argument that intelligible species have to have the same mode of existence as the human intellect: However, that doesn't rule out the possibility of deception coming from another source, which was an idea that Descartes also entertained: Both Descartes and Malebranche were influenced by Augustine, so it should come as no big surprise that there are similarities in their views concerning the body and soul. Like Anaxagoras and Aristotle, Augustine presents another version of the sui generis argument, maintaining that the soul must be distinct in nature from that which is represented in consciousness. Augustine's argument appeals to the fact that sensation must be adequately suited to "spiritual vision" (visio spiritalis), as opposed to "bodily vision" (visio corporalis), in order for it to be intelligible: Ǝx[Ǝy[Cx & Dxy & ~Fxy)]] An important difference between my counter example and Putnam's airplane example is that mine is more closely related to the idea of communication, which makes it more relevant for the sort of functionality that is necessary for information systems. Like a string of Christmas lights, it's often the case that a single break in a line of communication can render it useless. Now we can bring in "ordinary language," a metathought is a thought, or metathought in general is a category of thoughts. This has an interesting implication: I would start from this question: are there thoughts that cannot occur without "ordinary language?" The dialogue regarding this question would form a framework for defining several words we are stumbling over, such as "ordinary language" "metathought" and arguably even "thought" itself. It might even have to define "impossible!" Their knowledge is not comparable unless you choose to define a metric of knowledge which assigns it a comparable value. Unless one can definitely prove that one individual's knowledge is a subset of the other, the knowledge must be non-comparable unless you can assign values to those pieces of knowledge and define an aggregation function to aggregate value. Dualism merely states that existence is fundamentally made of two forms of substance, typically named "matter" and "mind." Any theory with these two traits as the foundation of existence qualifies as dualism. Thus there are plenty of ways to define dualistic theories which are consistent with evolution. There may not be an answer to your question at all. Consider that that sort of predictive power would have to account for substantial variations from mind to mind. This topic also touches on the concept of qualia, for which there is myriad variation. I don't want to dig into an off topic discussion of my personal philosophy, but the idea of the mind being divisible into smaller parts but yet not divisible does not seem particularly novel, and neither does the idea that its behavior may be dominated by structure. I would like to better understand what philosophy has been done in this direction, but I need to figure out the magic key words to jump start my research.