Encourage participation on meta Most users never venture onto per-site metas. This year there was a secret had that had to do with posting (once) on meta, and there was a non-secret hat that was earned by voting once on a specific day. I'd like to see a non-secret hat (so it's a more-obvious prompt) that encourages more meaningful meta participation -- not just a single post or vote, but something that encourages activity over several days like some of the hats this year did. I'm not sure what the exact criteria should be -- maybe something like voting or posting on meta on five different days, or earning a Nice (Question/Answer) on meta? (Voting can be abused, so maybe not just voting.) This sounds great! It should reduce frustration all around. On graduated sites the community elects permanent moderators, but on beta sites "pro-tem" moderators are appointed by the SE community managers. This made sense with the original vision of beta -- it'd only be for a year or so, maybe two, and then the community would graduate and choose its own. As a user on long-running beta sites I would like us to have the chance to provide this kind of feedback from time to time. As a moderator on such sites I would like to have the chance to receive it. If there's some aesthetic consideration that makes putting those affordances where they can much more easily be accessed, I accept the consequences. If it's not as pretty but it works much better, that's good enough for me. Only a few hundred people will see it; don't invest effort making it shine. Just make it work please. I omitted doing a review because not everybody has access. "Visit meta" is something that you do through the site switcher, which is why I chose that. We already have a hat for earning hats, so I left the snowflake out of it. Just one thing... as a user, even a super-careful one (like I think I am), I'd like to have the option to require confirmation via email (or password challenge, h/t Servy) before an irrevocable (and unlikely) action takes place. Just in case I were to accidentally leave myself logged in somewhere I oughtn't've, or have my browser hijacked, or have a crazy-high fever and not know what I'm doing, or whatever. Not that it's likely (did I mention being super-careful? especially with diamonds?), but nothing is impossible. Since it is very very unlikely that I would ask for my account to be deleted, I'm willing to put up with the inconvenience of having to say "yes I'm sure" via a link in email or re-authenticate my OpenID credential. And there are times when the 24-hour notice wouldn't be enough time for me to see and respond to the message to cancel it. I'm looking for positive confirmation, not negative. This isn't about aesthetics or moved cheese. This is about being able to moderate efficiently. Great idea. I'm all for it. And I don't want to repeat other answers saying that. I just want to add one teeny, tiny tweak: I wrote that as "I", but if I really thought I were the only SE user who might want that, I'd probably just keep being super-careful and bet on the human intervention catching it on sites where I have higher rep or a diamond. But I suspect there are other users who are also dedicated users, who aren't likely to delete their accounts, who might not trigger a human "wait, what?", who'd like the extra protection against pranking classmates, exploits, or whatever. What is a protected question? says: Here is an annotated screen shot from a site where I'm a moderator: I agree; this takes a lot of space away from stuff I'd much rather see (more of the regular notifications). It's especially annoying when it covers up new notifications. Third, the charitable donations are SE's to do with as they choose. They choose an amount of money and an amount of effort that makes sense for them. Instead of telling them to do it differently, try thanking them for doing it at all. When a site reaches a triggering milestone, or when it's been "a while" (TBD) since the last activity of this sort, perhaps the moderators could receive a notification -- "hey, you reached such-and-such milestone, this might be a good time to talk about X if you aren't already, here's a template for a possible meta post (if you want it to come from a CM just ask)". And let the moderators take it from there. Their users might already be handling all this just fine, but if not, this can be a useful, no-obligation, help. This isn't an election and the results aren't binding but, as with the site self-evaluations for content, the community managers would use the results of this to help the site in whatever way seems most appropriate -- quietly coach that one mod, add someone new to the team because the workload has gotten high or because a needed skill is lacking, try to contact that absentee mod, tell the mods what they're doing well, nudge someone to start a meta discussion about that theme that came out in a bunch of the comments, etc. Some of these changes are going to really interfere with my ability to moderate. I realize that moderators are a very small portion of the user base, and visually-challenged moderators are a very small portion of the moderator base, but... having the mod-essential links in a jumble way over on the right and/or missing is a serious impediment. Please move those.