Also note that a wife can add conditions to the marriage contract such as: being the lonely wife (well honestly I've read fatwas allowing husbands not to fulfill this condition, but in such a case the wife is allowed to ask for divorce). 

First of all congratulations and may Allah combine both of you in good deeds and bring goodness between you (sunan abi Dawod and Jami' at-Tirmdihi) See also this fatwa on the rights of the spouses. In other cases of slavery some scholars say that when a slave couple has been bought by a new master they are automatically divorced. On verse 4:19 ibn al-'Arabi said in his tafsir: A point which is stated by Abu al 'ala' al Mawdodi is: That if the Marriage itself is regarded as invalid in islam they would be divorced automatically: For example a woman who married a mahram. Most scholars will accept the marriage of the (bought) slave woman (but not for prisoner of war) as a reason to make her haram for her Muslim master according to the above Verse! Others consider becoming a slave equal to a divorce. 

It seems to me that there's no support for rape nor direct violence in conjugal relationship or for forcing the wife to have intercourse and the total submission (tamkin) matter which seems to me in total opposite to what our Messenger (peace be upon him) use to do! 

And read this clear hadith from sunan ibn Majah which gives an explanation on the verse about menstruation: 

But she could convert to Islam while being a slave of a Muslim. 

Some people say that a marriage has already been planed in the heavens (by Allah) so none of us know what good or bad we may expect to come, but Allah. I would agree with @qidnar's Answer about the proofs. Now about the Madhabs (Mazhbas): among the 4 sunni schools, only abu Hanifa allowed a divorced woman to marry on her own, as she has experience with marriage and therefore should know what is good and the best for her! This is justification of the Hanafi Madhab for this, as an interpretation of this hadith: 

So this is why my recommendation would be: take your time to get to know your further wife don't hasten do istikhara, ask her to do istikhara too, try to find out commonalities and differences etc.. So far this are the known shari'a point of views which end that a woman would be separated/divorced after her waiting period (3 months) if she converts and her husband didn't. But one must take into account that these rules where made for converts who converted in dar al-islam which nowadays means they converted in a muslim country! But of course the husband is allowed to marry an other. Any way an engagement can be dissolved and you can do it anytime if you found somebody who is better and more suitable especially if it is somebody who is pious. And note that love is a heart matter... and the feeling of the heart can easily change as it's stated in the hadith.