There is no card system that is in place for cricket. Action is taken on players after the game and subsequent hearings by the match referee, in case they fail to follow the rules and ethics of the game. The examples that you provided might have been in jest and they, for sure, could not have been ejected from the game. As of Law 3 in the FIFA Law Book, there cannot be less than 7 players of a team, on the field during play. In effect, a maximum of 4 on-field players of the same team can be dismissed. Once 5 on-field players (substitutes do not count) of the same team are red carded, the match ends. If the referee has red-carded 4 players and all 7 substitutes of each team (22 players in total), the game can still continue, provided there are no further red cards to players of either side. There is no limit to the number of red cards that a referee can give, though the game would be stopped as soon as there are less than 7 players of a team remaining legally on the pitch. Consider a scenario where a fielder is chasing a ball that is running away to the boundary. He puts in a dive, gets a hand to the ball but it runs over the boundary ropes. The umpire signals a boundary and 4 runs are awarded to the batting side. The crucial question here is whether Jelavić received the ball after it rebounded to him off an opponent, or if the opponent played the ball. Which leaves us with the last option debated above. None of the three points was fulfilled, therefore, no offside. Because the Laws of the Game define offside as (Law 11, p. 33): The first one was definitely not the case here: We are talking about the last point in this case. And, in the official interpretation of the Laws of the Game (p. 102), it is defined thus: Jelavić did not obstruct anyone’s line of vision or movements, and he definitely did not deceive/distract the opponent, since the Irish defense probably did not see him at all. Simplifying it a bit, touching the net is a fault only when After the question was amended: Note there is no such thing as “active” and “passive [offside] position” in the Laws of the Game, those are just jargon terms. For an offside to be called, the player must be “involved in active play” by one of the three exactly defined activities listed above. The FIVB Rules of the Game Volleyball Casebook, 2014 edition lists several examples (examples 3.13–3.22; pages 11–12), where it is made clear that: These are perfect examples of cases where touching the net is not a fault. The current net-touch rules are constructed so that almost no inadvertent net touches are faults. Also, I especially recommend watching teaching videos for referees available as a part of the FIVB Multimedia Teaching Material for Referees: First, click Net Rule Move in the left menu and watch the video. Then, navigate to rule 11 in the contents menu and click Jump to the videos to see a list of applicable video examples.