While, indeed, the Nazi atrocities (including mass murder of Jews) were well known to everyone who wanted to know, the Allies made no effort to spread the information because they did not want the war to be perceived by their citizens as a "Jewish war", as Hitler tried to position it. E.g., Jews are not mentioned in the Statement On Atrocities (Moscow, 1943) - although many others are, e.g., Cretan peasants. 

The reason Waffen-SS had good reputation is that they were supplied better than the Heer - both in men and materiel - especially at the end of the war, when they became more numerous and the regular divisions were bled white (see above). 

When Barbarossa's failure became obvious on December 5, 1941, Hitler took over the command of Heer and the war strategy turned towards economic objectives rather than purely military ones, so 1942 offensive went towards Caucasus and oil. 

Note that during his reelection campaign Roosevelt pledged that he would "not send American boys into any foreign wars". 

His main argument is basically that the Communists were so successful in their opposition to the Japanese forces because they had the full support of the local population, which they won by their land and debt reforms in favour of the peasantry, by their fair and generous treatment of the peasants and by their commitment to democratic values. 

The quotes from Japanese sources are rather few and episodic (about 5) and when considered on their own and not buttressed by the previously discussed data they do not amount to much. For example: after the war was over, the Communists treated some Japanese residents in Manchuria well, unlike the Russians and the local population. Presumably true, but not very relevant. Etc. 

Again, others have pointed out that what he had in mind was a ghetto writ large, at best. Recall that the official Nazi line was not that Jews were being murdered but rather "resettled in the East". So the Madagascar project might as well have easily morphed into a huge death camp too had it been implemented. 

The failure of the Trauntmann mediation led Germany to completely abandon China as an ally. Apart from economic/industrial aid, the more immediately important shipments of military supplies and arms were halted, and German military advisors were ordered to leave. Those were substantial losses China was ill equipped to replace herself - and in 1938, China needed every little scrap of anything it could possibly get. 

The really damaging nuclear EMP comes from nuclear detonations in the stratosphere, as a result of the Compton effect. This is why weaponising EMP generally goes for detonation at over 20km. 

I'm not sure why you think staff officers carried them for combat. They were not really the ones responsible for the actual fighting in the first place. 

Hence, it appears that Chiang meant Great Britain and Churchill here. 

The katana style swords remained the standard into and till the end of the Second World War, with another version coming out in 1943.