[…] I intend 'there are' in the broadest sense, the sense of 'some'. In particular, my quantifiers are to range over all objects… It is clear from M4 that Meinong would not regard such a quantifier as existentially loaded.” Of course he did. But I can not think of a justification available to Aristotle that wouldn't equally justify that Sun revolves around the Earth. Yet "Aristotle knew that Sun revolves around the Earth" would be seen as a misuse of "knew". Did Aristotle know that water is heavier than air? Sure, but to him it meant that the natural place of air is above the natural place of water. Are we still answering "yes"? Did he know that the universe is finite? Did Newton know the law of inertia? Keep in mind that to him inertial motion happened relative to the absolute space, and means of formulating the law without it weren't worked out until late 19th century. Did Eistein know about the dark energy? Cosmological constant was introduced to stabilize the universe, not to accelerate its expansion. 

Even the classical set theory has a simple device for restricting the range of quantifiers without changing the domain of discourse, ∃x∈S P(x) restricts the domain to S. If the use of set theory is objectionable it can be simulated within the predicate logic itself, let x∈ S be denoted S(x), then the above formula is equivalent to ∃x (S(x) ∧ P(x)), which blocks attempts to infer existence outside of S. Similarly, ∀x∈S P(x) is simulated by ∀x (S(x) → P(x)). If x is not in S the antecedent of the implication is false, so it is trivially true, meaning that whatever happens ouside of S has no effect on the truth of the sentence. Thus, we can have a “unified” universe of discourse but de facto restrict it to subsets/subclasses when statements are made. 

Since 1950s Quine routinely identified first order logic with the "language of science", Eklund himself mentions him as an influence. As for "true logic" as understood in philosophy Gödel argued quite the contrary. That human reasoning is not only uncaptured by the first order logic, but by any formalized logic, and that his incompleteness results are an indication of that. 

Sometimes a more radical change of domain is called for, where S is not saliently described as either a set or a class, for example with fictional discourses. The role of x∈ S is then taken over by modal operators of fictionalization introduced by Lewis in Truth in Fiction which apply to sentences rather than to variables, so the Platonist make believe that fictional objects populate some kinds of sets is not needed. But the mechanism of blocking an unwelcome mixing of discourses is the same in spirit: