A bishop has no power whatsoever to set aside the natural law. (If a bishop ever gave that kind of advice, it would be advisable to notify the competent authority, either the nuncio of the country where he resides, or the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith directly.) 

Bishops and priests The situation for bishops (other than the Pope) and priests is a somewhat more restricted. 

Moreover, the situation of a married couple (apart from the matrimony itself, which is necessarily in the external form) would in the internal forum (i.e., a private matter), and so it seems that any dispensations (if they were possible) would not need to be written to be official. 

Other drugs are less potent and therefore somewhat subject to debate; for example, marijuana (cannabis). (The Church does not have an official teaching on particular drugs, and so it is up to moral theologians to discuss these issues, in the light of the findings of medical science; this debate is ongoing as we speak. It seems to me that it is an exceptionally bad idea to smoke marijuana, either recreationally or as a therapy, since it is certainly a good deal more potent than either tobacco or alcohol. Using the active ingredient, THC, as a medicine for pain relief or other purposes, could be legitimate, much as morphine is.) In any event, it is clearly immoral to use marijuana to the point of intoxication. (See below.) 

Can. 1143 §1. A marriage entered into by two non-baptized persons is dissolved by means of the Pauline privilege in favor of the faith of the party who has received baptism by the very fact that a new marriage is contracted by the same party, provided that the non-baptized party departs. 

Another important point is that priests do not have, per se, the authority to excommunicate. Rather, the Church teaches, based on the passages from Matthew cited above, that only the competent authority in the Church has the authority to impose such a penalty. That means, practically, that only a diocesan bishop (or his equivalent: the "ordinary" of one of the Anglican-use ordinariates, for example). Naturally, whoever has authority over the entire Church may also impose such a penalty (for example, the Bishop of Rome—i.e., the Pope—or an ecumenical council, or possibly even a dicastery—a "congregation" at the Vatican—with delegated authority). 

In pastoral practice, the fact that the lived reality of a marriage has "fallen apart" may very well be a sign that there were conditions impeding the existence of the marriage bond. It is precisely the function of a marriage tribunal to investigate such conditions. 

This echoes what Pope Pius XI wrote in his 1930 encyclical Casti connubii (CC):