If you see this message, the origin has been, or will very shortly be blocked (99.9% of the time, they have been). The system is just alerting you to the fact that you're probably looking at spam, so make sure to review it extra carefully. We have more work to do, I'm not going to be happy until we keep this crap mostly out of people's global in-boxes. However, this is a pretty good leap forward, and there's even more places we can catch it before it even hits the queue. Still, once that's done, you'll still see these on occasion. Think of it a bit like email, where you see a sudden surge of spam, then your filters learn and stop more from coming in. You've still got some in your inbox that you have to throw out, and that's what you're doing when you see this. Then, while our error rate so far has been extremely low (less than 1%), it is a concern. The idea of this system is to interfere with sincere use of the sites in the most minimal way possible. If you end up being edit banned then you can petition to have it looked into. If you don't end up getting enough rejections to be banned before the rejections are old enough to not count then nobody is hurt, and it's really not worth mod intervention. If you get banned, and would like to dispute some of the edits, then you can contact the moderation team and they might intervene. My guess is that SO changed their algorithm for what posts show up in that queue in the first place. I wouldn't say it's wrong to consider that edit too minor. You'll note that, as a rule, when an edit just re-indents code it tends to be approved. When there is no indentation to begin with this actually adds a lot to the readability of the post, so I usually approve them because it really isn't a minor issue. This case is different though. The content was indented, and the editor just used a slightly different indentation scheme, and I agree that it adds little, if anything to the post. There are also a number of other clear issues with the post left unaddressed. Rejecting as "too minor" in this case is appropriate. As a rule you'll find that many people dislike rejecting posts as "too minor" in general, and will never or only rarely reject an edit just for being minor. Try not to be discouraged by such reviewers.