For example, the Latin Vulgate says: speaks for the whole Church: Bulls are addressed to the whole Church. invokes all his authority: The document is an authoritative papal bull. intend to definitively define dogma: "…we declare, we proclaim, we define…" speak regarding the faith and/or morals: Yes. He speaks about what is necessary for salvation, which pertains to the faith. Francis's statements do not meet these criteria. (20) A good man is the only begotten Son of God. For the Immaculate Conception, the discussion ceased when Bl. Pope Pius IX defined it dogma in Ineffabilis Deus (1852). It is a good when a new person comes into existence; God still creates a rational soul out of nothing even for those conceived as a result of sin. (21) A noble man is that only begotten Son of God whom the Father has begotten from eternity. forehead, mouth, and heart, which represents that the Catholic must (9) Recently I have considered whether I would wish to receive or to wish for anything from God; I wish to deliberate exceedingly well about this, because when I was receiving from God, then I was under Him or below Him, as a servant or slave, and He [was] as a master in giving, and thus we ought not to be in eternal life. (Notice, this verse also condemns immoderate use of alcohol by mentioning drunkenness.) he intends merely to lessen the power of the enemy by destroying an armed merchant ship. He does not wish to kill the innocent children; A baptized Catholic would understand "accepting Jesus" as meaning professing the (Catholic) Faith; he would interpret "repenting of one's sins" as receiving absolution from a priest in the sacrament of penance, and thus being in a state of grace (the state of not having the stain of mortal sin on his soul). If he were to die in a state of grace, he would either go straight to heaven, or, if he still has temporal punishment remaining for his already forgiven sins, he would go to purgatory for awhile and eventually go to heaven. Since one can fall out of the state of grace by committing mortal sin, or by committing numerous venial sins that predispose one to eventually commit a mortal sin, one is not guaranteed to be saved "once and for ever" just because one once "accepted Jesus and repented of one's sins." Basically, Ockham et al. thought that Pope John XXII denied the then-material (i.e., not-yet-infallibly-defined) dogma that the souls of the deceased destined to heaven behold the Beatific Vision immediately after death—a dogma which Pope John XXII's successor, Pope Benedict XII (reigned 1334-1342), infallibly defined in Benedictus Deus (1336). (cf. this and the references therein) There is also the material pope thesis, which essentially says these pope claimants are more like kings than popes. cf. ch. 13 § "The Course on the Psalms" of Jean-Pierre Torrell, O.P.'s Saint Thomas Aquinas: The Person and His Work. The Sedevacantist vs. Sedeplenist Debate in the Church Today Sedevacantists (from the Latin sede vacante = "vacant chair") are Catholics who believe currently there is no pope. They generally consider John XXIII, Paul VI, John Paul I, John Paul II, Benedict XVI, and Francis all anti-popes. They argue that since these men have proclaimed error and heresy in an official manner, they, as St. Francis de Sales said, ipso facto fall out of the Church. (St. Robert Bellarmine, doctor of the Church and "Master of Controversies," says the same.) What is no longer part of the body of the Church cannot be its head; thus, they are not real popes.