One kind of test would be whether the model reproduces some well-known stimulus-reponse behaviour under a given, but fixed subset of local states. So far sharing some thoughts of a layman in neurocience. I wellcome any feedback from the experts. Along these lines I would resolve the apparent contradiction in your statement. Hence the cut between the system and its environment depends on the feedback from the motor areas to the sensoric areas of the cortex due to intentional actions. So far - in short - the first approximation. Firstly, according to science the inherent property of the object is the reflectance of its surface. It is not the single wavelength which creates the colour impression. We do not have a continous range of receptors, each receptor restricted to one small range of wavelengths disjoint from the range of the next receptor. Your questions asks about the processing capacity of our mind. Apparently, this capacity is highly limited, it seems that there is no parallel processing by the mind. A baby when growing up learns to make a cut between his body and his environment. In order to establish this cut it is of fundamental importance that the baby explores the world not only by seeing and hearing but also by acting - not only sensing but also acting as agent. What is absurd concerning the statement referring to the singular coordinates on the sphere? A sphere is a differentiable manifold and corresponding coordinate patches are free from singularities by definition. Covering the sphere by two coordinate patches - as the textbook of Wheeler et al. shows - avoids the problem of singular points. Reductio ad absurdum is a problematic tool in philosophy. Because in general, the terms have no precise definition alike to the terms of a formalized science. But antinomies play a fundamental role in philosophical argumentation, see the four antinomies from Kant, Immanuel: Critique of Pure Reason. (B454ff) The characteristics of these antonomies are that philosophical argumentation supports the thesis as well as the antithesis. Resolving these antinomies is one of the main achievements of Kant's work. It seems easy to equate the semantics of the states of the motor cortex with the activation of certain muscles. But in case of the upstream systems the question seems much more difficult. Proposition 4: “The thought is the significant proposition. (= Der Gedanke ist der sinnvolle Satz.)” I do not think that the grammar of the natural language helps much to understand why our mind operates this way. Take the sentence "The brown dog is barking." Literally it has one predicate "is barking", but it indicates two properties "brown" and "barking" which we recognize at the same time. In addition, there is a difference between the capacity to recognize, which uses many unconscious processes, and the capacity to think, which are conscious mental processes. Apparently an individuum can extend his self-model due to later experiences, e.g. by using tools. Temporarily it can even release the phenomenal self from the body and make an out-of-body experience. Anyhow, I would consider the notebook from the example of your post, being a kind of external hard-disc, part of the system – and not of its environment. The Cartesian cut is the mind-body problem. It is still unsolved but it is tackled now also by methods from neuroscience. Added: I learned by the Gettier counter-example, that in certain cases the conjunction of the above named three conditions is not sufficient to assure the intended meaning of to know, see http://philosophyfaculty.ucsd.edu/faculty/rarneson/Courses/gettierphilreading.pdf The Gettier counter-example comprises a correct argumentation, the conclusion is also true, but the argumentation starts with a false premiss. The counter-example is designed cleverly so that it fullfills all three conditions. Nevertheless, one would not name the resulting statement knowledge. The Heisenberg cut - or Kopenhagen cut – seems to be not the final word. Since the beginning it has been highly debated whether such cut between system and observer – or more general between micro-cosmos physics and meso-cosmos physics – exists at all. The concept of decoherence attempts to bridge both levels by a unified explanation. You say: "PP is true to A' @ QE and the same PP need not be true to a' @ EQ". Here I prefer to refer to a subjective property of a proposition. This property is named certainty. Person A' is certain about the proposition PP, but person a' is not certain. Certainty is a two-place relation between a proposition and a person. Current neuroscience successfully uses functional neuroimaging to detect which neuronal assemblies in the brain are active in a certain situation. Striking examples are activities of areals like premotor cortex when an action is only imagined but not executed. Hence one can derive which action a person thinks about. Even when the action is not executed at all, i.e. even when no behaviour can be observed externally.