Hence the answer to your question: No, there are not more numbers than numerals. 1) mental construction: Mathematical objects are ideas, they do not exist as physical objects. Sophisticated concepts like Hilbert space or Riemann manifold have been created by man and fixed by definitions. Hence they are mental constructions. This opinion is not shared by all philosophers of mathematics. Instead, some keep alive the discussion whether mathematical objects have been invented or have been detected. Within an axiomatized theory like Euclidean geometry a point has to satisfy certain axioms with respect to lines and planes. E.g. to each pair of points exists a unique line passing through both points. In my opinion, all Platonic ideas and also numbers are formed by abstraction: From "two bottles, two persons, two trees" we abstract to the number Two. Conerning the reality of mathematical objects: I do not consider the paper a threat for any philosophy but a challenge, pointing to an open problem. Carvalho says Cantor is 'confusing numbers with their mere signs'. I think Carvalho is misunderstanding how labeling of mathematical objects works; he is confounding the proof of cardinality with the construction of the objects at hand. The ordinal nature of the naturals (and the evens) is irrelevant to the proof. is a theorem of propositional logic (where F is false), so that anything that evaluates always to false will also be a theorem. Euclid and Cantor, whatever they are saying, are using a refined and stipulative vocabulary: 'set', 'whole' 'greater' 'part' mean something very exact to them ('greater' has a different meaning between them). Euclid uses 'greater' like the more modern (actually Cantor's) definition of 'subset'. Cantor interprets 'greater' not as the subset relation, but as the 'cardinalilty' relation. (actually, Euclid's notion is somewhat underspecified, but like most of his mathematics, is not wrong at all, just in need of the slightest clarification, which is presumptuous to say since it took more than two thousand years to get that clarification via Cantor (for sets) and Hilbert (for pure axiomaticity). In the symposion Plato describes the ascent to the domain of ideas as a kind of mystical intuition. But even when Plato employs words "to see the idea of beauty" he always means to intuit the idea by our mind. If you mean mental construction, i.e. constructible step by step by a finite algorithm, then it is a contradiction. do not handle these questions on the basis of a formal language with clear-cut definitions It's the aim of physics not of mathematics to find out how nature works. Physicists design theories to explain the phenomena in certain domains of nature. There are mechanics, electrodynamics, solid body physics, quantum mechanics etc. These models are expressed in a mathematical language. Now mathematics can solve certain equations from these models and derive results which translate back into observable physical predictions. Nevertheless it is a big question why the language of mathematics fits at describing nature, see the famous essay by Eugene Wigner https://www.dartmouth.edu/~matc/MathDrama/reading/Wigner.html is a theorem of propositional logic (where F is false), so that anything that evaluates always to false will also be a theorem. is a theorem, and substituting P^-P in for A and Q^-Q for B, you still get another theorem (if you can read through all the parentheses): There was a revolution in mathematics because of Descartes, back in the 1600's. He invented the method of using the mapping from geometric objects to coordinates and algebraic equations, where a quicker rote symbolic proof was possible in comparison to many synthetic proofs (like those in Euclid). The distinction that Fresnel is trying to draw is not clear. I take it that he means that a method is a clever general way of doing a great many things with little thought versus an idea which is a clever specific idea for a very specific difficult problem (that probably doesn't generalize). If that is the appropriate interpretation of Fresnel's statement, then I disagree with Fresnel; the examples in La Geometrie, may or may not be specific instances of the application of the genera method (I vaguely remember those instances only tangentially being an application of analytic geometry, that is they each had their own idiosyncratic problems and solutions). But even where the distinction works, I think the 'method' is the revolutionary thing rather than the specific solutions to the specfic problems in La Géométrie.