In a literal case of a dead cat in a box, that cat is going to rot or not, and you are or are not going to smell it rotting. No need to open the box. Even if you had an airtight box, you would have to isolate the cat so thoroughly that its body heat could not contribute to the temperature of the room around it, as on some subconscious level we all measure that. The uncertainties for each particle involved in a macroscopic physical event all multiply, and since all of them are probability distributions with values less than one, the result quickly gets very close to zero uncertainty in the resulting outcome. Most of modern experimental psychology would say that we reach out for symbols, and we capture them and then fit them into a context. (Though it requires a very broad sense of 'symbol'.) Our perception does not receive data passively and collate it, but instead projects forward assumptions to meet the incoming data half-way. 

Given the assumptions about Categories, in Kant, maxims can always be positive. I would argue that they should always be so. 

For instance, we begin to have emotional reactions before we identify their causes, and then shape the emotional experience to fit the cause. We screen out highly intrusive, obvious and outright scary data when we are acutely focused on something difficult. So this is just a disagreement as to what flavor of 'general' is most objective, and either side relies upon a strong injection of the 'Copernican' ideal, but in different forms. A single point that escapes our intuition and bothers us in a vague way is not additional complexity in the same way rigid conservation laws or multiplication of entities is. Quine (and to a lesser degree Wittgenstein before him) eventually got back behind Hume's problem and realized that this is a bias that cannot be tested, not just in the sense that we cannot prove it, but that if we pursue it to its logical end, it falls apart on its own. It is necessary to our thinking to presume that simplification is what makes ideas possible. But how would we know? We only have our ideas, and we all started with this bias to begin with. I cannot recognize any relation between both statements, not to indicate a logical derivation of one from the other. In my opinion, Leibniz' principle cannot be restated as "I Think Therefore I am". 2) I agree with you that causa finalis does not apply to physical objects. But to a certain degree it applies to animals and plants when considering the role of genes. Of course, the genotype defines only the domain of possibilities. Not every possibility will be realized. Most of all causa finalis describes the way that humans make their decisions. In the second passage of your question you yourself give arguments that your question is ill-posed. On the other end of the spectrum we have people who emphasize just the opposite assessment: Life has no value in itself. As a consequence it is up to each person to determine the length of his life and in particular to end his own life by suicide. 

But melting the statue and making a plate from the bronze terminates the object bronze statue and creates a new object bronze plate. I consider the success of natural science the strongest argument for the existence of "real" external objects. It is very influential in so far it convinces at least all natural scientists :-) On the other hand, the differential equations of QM do not deal with observable quantites like position or velocity, but with a certain function, named the psi-function. It took some time until Born proposed to consider the psi-function a probability. Hence 

Aside, I admire your coloured figures :-) will not fit the high estimation of metaphysics by other participants of StackExchange Philosophy. Therefore I hope to learn now the arguments of the adherents of metaphysics. 

2) The following book of Henrik Walter deals with the whole subject on the base of neurophilosophy: 

Cantor rejected infinitesimals because the product of an infinitesimal with a fixed, finite non-zero remains infinitesimal. The Archimedean axiom does not hold in Omega_QQ. Hence - according to Cantor - infinitesimals do not represent the length of any line; they are no "linear numbers". In addition, Cantor considered the multiplication of infinitesimals with transfinite ordinal; but it remains unclear how Cantor thought this multiplication to operate.