Fairly minor bug, but the username autocomplete doesn't rebuild its list of users immediately after hidden comments are loaded from the server, allowing for situations like the following where late-comers to the comment thread are excluded: In recognition of your contributions to Stack Overflow, we’d like to invite you to create a professional profile on Stack Overflow Careers 2.0. The other day I needed to take a screenshot of the Careers invitation interface, so I sent myself an invite at an alternate email address. Today I received a reminder that I had (obviously) not accepted the invitation yet, which reads: However, this doesn't seem to happen for per-site metas: As there's some latency in the request, you see the original page for a brief period of time, after which it's replaced by the re-requested content. Given that the original request was recorded as you having viewed the new content, the re-requested view returns the tab as if you had already viewed it, effectively "unhighlighting" the new entries you were viewing. Since both handlers get triggered, there's two confirmation dialogs, and two attempts to delete the post. The extra handler in mobile.js seems unnecessary, so just removing it would appear to be the easy fix to the problem. Possible problems: gray-to-orange ink might be prohibitively expensive to use on a stein, might be toxic and might not even exist. Same for clear-to-green ink. Using stackoverflow to determine which questions should go to which site after the split is a good idea, but I'm afraid the tag is applied too inconsistently for that to work out in practice. This is especially true for MSO's oldest questions: the ones that were asked on SO before MSO existed, using the tags sofaq or stackoverflow. Back then, questions about the network and questions about SO were basically the same thing (which, of course, is why we're in this situation to begin with). More recent questions are also affected. Those that are specific to SO, perhaps because they're about particular questions or users, often don't get tagged with stackoverflow. This is most likely because infrequent MSO users don't even know the tag exists. The reverse is also true. Many meta questions (both SO-specific and network-specific) get asked on SO and migrated here. Sometimes they bring along the stackoverflow tag; sometimes, the stackoverflow.com tag; sometimes both; sometimes neither. It may also be helpful to consider the tags specific-question and specific-user when deciding where to send questions. I'm not against "spring cleaning," but I can't think of a good way to automate it, and I doubt it would have enough value to justify the effort. As for which questions should be "spring cleaned," maybe we could start with the ones that ask why SO doesn't have a per-site meta and the ones that ask why MSO also does the job of MSE. I think it would be better to have tag merges behave the same way as other merges and conversions. Still... is this a defect or by design? Description: An application error occurred on the server. The current custom error settings for this application prevent the details of the application error from being viewed remotely (for security reasons). It could, however, be viewed by browsers running on the local server machine. When someone votes to close a question as a duplicate, they provide a link to the potential duplicate and the system auto-generated a "possible duplicate of ..." comment. The top bar will look like this across all sites: 3) Do a double-take, copy the tag from the "new tag name" field into "old tag name", and proceed from there. Some of the default bounty notices are missing periods at the end of the sentence: Let me know if you see any issues. This seems counter-intuitive, since when we merge X with Y we usually assume that X will be going away (i.e. user X merged into user Y, post X merged into post Y, etc.). Tags seem to have this backwards. We have received a few complaints recently from folks who signed up on one of the sites to ask a question or post an answer and were surprised that their avatar was automatically pulled from Gravatar. In some cases it was because they forgot they even had a Gravatar account. In others it became a privacy issue - posting anonymously becomes more difficult if their Gravatar is a photo of themselves. screenshot http://phpcode.eu/images/1316874146.png Right now, looking up the specific decline reason requires going to the flagger's profile and looking at their flag history to find the record of the flag there. I got an email notification at noon today saying a scheduled chat was going to happen in 2 hours.