So, in order to do that, I would advise him to take steps to help him form the habit (in this case, the virtue) of honesty. For example, if he is a cashier, say, he should consider asking for a different position, or at least always be sure to work under someone's supervision. 

In the Catholic Church, if olive oil is not available, especially in an emergency, any vegetable oil may be used as the oil of the sick instead of olive oil. However, the oil distributed to parishes by the diocese will nearly always be olive oil. 

(See the responsa of S.Th. q. 19, a. 3, and q. 82, articles 1-2, for a fuller treatment of necessity and contingency and how they apply to the human will.) If God Knows Whether We Will Be Saved, How Do We Remain Free? It is important to recall that man lives immersed in time, but not God. Man always lives in the present moment. From man’s perspective, the future does not exist yet, and the past exists no longer. However, God—the creator of time—exists entirely outside of time. He sees all of history simultaneously in an eternal present. 

By “last rites” is usually meant the administration of the Sacraments to the dying: namely, the Sacrament of Reconciliation (Confession), the Annointing of the Sick, and the Eucharist, commonly called the Viaticum (the “food for the journey”). (Evidently, Reconciliation and the Eucharist are given only if the patient is conscious and still capable of receiving food or drink.) Have a look at http://www.ibreviary.com/m2/preghiere.php?tipo=Rito&id=229&b=1 for a short form of these rites. 

The sinfulness of the act of stealing is never subject to gradualness, but the man's growth in the virtue of honesty is. However, I can't just tell the man "you need to stop stealing." He has formed the habit of pilfering by this point, and he needs to be healed of that bad habit (or vice). 

The Parameters that All Catholics Must Agree On To build on Geremia’s answer, which appropriately references the Council of Trent, it should be noted that it is not predestination as such (predestination is a concept found in the epistles of Paul—e.g., Romans 8:28-30), but how that concept is interpreted, that can be a problem. Therefore, it is evident that predestination is a certain notion of the ordering of some persons to eternal life, existing in the divine mind (Summa theologica [S.Th.] I, q. 23, a. 2, responsum; my translation; the public-domain translation from the English Dominican province, found at the source I linked to, is somewhat misleading at this point). 

Hence, although God knows what each man will do, even in the future, He has created man in such a way that man is free to choose the course of action that he wishes: even sin, and even eternal condemnation, if he so desires. I should point out right from the outset that predestination is defined (at least by the dominant theological school, Thomism) as divine foreknowledge of the salvation of the elect. 

In summary: God created man with the ability to perform contingent actions (actions that are up to us). God, being omnipotent, does indeed have foreknowledge of who will be saved—that is, He predestines some to Heaven, and is even the cause of their salvation—but this foreknowledge (which, for God, takes place in an eternal present) does not take away at all from the contingency of our actions. His knowledge does not make them necessary; he does not compel us to be saved (or not). (This very argument is made in the responsum to S.Th. I. q. 14, a. 13, which regards God’s knowledge of future contingents.) 

(Sanctifying grace, incidentally, is generally received for the first time at Baptism, provided the recipient does not place any obstacles. How sanctifying grace works in the unbaptized is rather a mystery, but it must be received at some point before death, if the person is to be saved.) In reality, “race” is an artificial concept that has no true basis in human nature. (It is true that human beings from different ethnic origins often have slightly different external characteristics, but these differences are quite superficial.) On the other hand, the complementarity of the sexes is indeed based on reality. Hence, there is no comparison between interracial marriage and homosexual marriage.