Having said that, if you feel you gained an unfair advantage from one of these actions, you can always (and should) concede the point to your opponent. Don't overlook how much the strings play a role in your experience also. I would say that more has changed in strings than in racquets over the past 5-10 years. Definitely demo a few racquets to get a feel for what specs you like best in a racquet. Point totals Prior to China Open: Though I can't confirm it, I don't believe it is legal to hit the ball with anything other than the racquet (or paddle) in table tennis either (since I know you lose the point if the ball hits your body and not the racquet). And as far as sports that use a shuttle (like badminton), I'm not sure you could hit a shuttle with enough force using your head for it to go over the net since shuttle decelerate so rapidly once they've been hit. Edit: You can read more about the ATP ranking system here. Basically, each player's ranking position is based on the amount of rankings points they have accumulated over the past rolling 12 months. For example, Andy Murray won the U.S. Open last year in 2012. He received 2,000 ranking points for doing so. Those 2,000 ranking points stay as a part of his total rankings points until the week before the U.S. Open in 2013. Then they will "fall off" of his total (he loses them) and he will re-accumulate whatever points he earns by his result of playing the event in 2013. The strategy is indeed deliberate and it comes from a risk/reward evaluation. Keep in mind that the goal of each serve is not simply to have it be in, but to win a point. Just as the server has been practicing the serve their whole life, the other person has practiced returning serves their whole life. Pro tennis players are good enough, I'm sure, to get practically every serve in; but when that's the goal, the risk becomes having easily returnable serves wherein the opponent gets the upper hand. You could look at first serves as the server pushing the boundaries--they want to maximize the possible reward of an ace or a poorly returned serve and in doing so they risk a lower success rates. On second serves, less of a chance is taken, they knowingly reduce the effectiveness (reward) of the serve in order to minimize the risk (double fault and giving up point). It's not that they can't control their serve, it's just that they're aiming for the very best serve they're capable of. You could liken it to a professional soccer player taking a penalty kick. Sometimes the kick ends up sailing over the goal or to one of the sides. It's not because the player isn't any good--they could hit the ball into the net 100% of the time practicing by themself--but the fact that a goalie is trying to stop him causes the player to push the limits of his skill and sometimes fail at it. In the page component that shows these numbers, there are navigational buttons that let you navigate from one tournament to the next. I hope that clears your confusion. If you are looking for more examples of players who used this strategy to win points, you can find a lot of examples in this 2013 article from Sports Illustrated. When Andy Murray enlisted Ivan Lendl as his coach two years ago, he quickly became aware of Lendl's penchant for targeting the opposition. However, one risks losing the respect of fans and opponents on using this strategy often. In my opinion, opponents with good reflexes can sometimes return the shot thus making it a not so viable strategy in the long run, but the above examples show that it is a strategy that is used to some extent. There seems to be no rule against hitting an opponent and many players have included body shots in their repertoire. (This assertion is validated by the fact that players like the Bryan brothers and Ivan Lendl are patrons of this strategy and there appears to be no record of any punitive action against them for using it.) The numbers that confuse you have nothing to do with the tournament schedule per se. The link you are viewing shows ongoing ATP tournaments. There are 6 ATP tournaments that are currently ongoing, which I have listed below.