ETA To address @what's comment: Writing software can come with a lot of features which writers may find more useful and flexible than writing on paper. To wit: 

Writing software is only useful if you find it so. Different writers have different needs, so they will use different tools. Asking other people doing the same thing as you what they find useful is perfectly reasonable. 

ETA armatita makes a good point in the comments, which I'll append: If you want your audience not just to hate your villain but actively cheer for his/her demise, the villain's evil has to be personal. Ramsay raping a random woman is terrible. Ramsay raping Sansa (a character we've watched grow up, who has gone from innocent and airheaded to experienced, smart, and capable), on their forced wedding night, in Winterfell, is a personal horror. We identify with Sansa, so now we want Ramsay to die. We as the audience want revenge. 

In your piece, the character has no idea if the bird is male or female, or even real, so "it" is appropriate. 

Some people work better with absolutely bare environments. Some want all the bells and whistles. Some want LaTeX markup. Some people find mind-map software really useful and others find it overwhelming. 

My only objection to It Just Happens is when you overload the suspension of disbelief. 

You can draw on the power of the ancients for magic? great. 

Ramsay Snow/Bolton, another all-out GoT villain, skinned people alive, chopped off bits of his prisoners, tortured them mentally and physically, sent his dogs to hunt people down and tear them apart, committed rape, et cetera. (He’s even worse in the books. On the show he at least has the actor’s physical charms.) Again, it was for his own gleeful pleasure — in fact, his father, a more cold-blooded pragmatist, scolded him for being tactically stupid with his excesses. 

Someone who deserves to be smeared over a brick wall doesn't have reedeming features. 

So as long as you don't strain your minimalist explanation with maximalist results, you should be okay. Each person can do one thing at a time, or maybe each person can only tap one kind of magic: sure. That's reasonable. You don't need to go into details about how you contact the gods or which gods bestow which power etc. It's when It Just Happens becomes Dei Ex Machinae Happens that you need to prop up the Dei with worldbuilding. 

2) Either build your world or introduce characters, but not both at once. In David and Leigh Eddings's Belgariad and Malloreon pentologies, we start with one boy who has one aunt and one adult friend, the aunt's father shows up, and then the band collects more members one by one as they leave the small farm and go out into the wider world. Each person is distinctive and has a part to play, and the Eddingses either introduce a new setting/city or a new character, but not both at the same time. 

It's important to remember that the characters live in your head, but they only are present in the reader's consciousness to the extent you place them there through your words. As a writer, I also dislike writing physical descriptions, but as a reader, they are very helpful in helping visualize a character. When a physical description comes in a book after you've already formed a mental image of a character, it can be jarring if it doesn't match. 

If you try to please everyone, you please no-one. Finnegan's Wake (Joyce) has gained and retained a reputation as a great classic of the English language, despite working hard at every turn to confound and confuse the reader (and arguably not even being written in real "English"). 

The Hero's Journey is really just a catalog of elements that are commonly found in epic myths and popular folktales from around the world. According to the theory, they have profound psychological resonance, but even the original source stories don't include all the elements in every story, or consistently present them in the same order. 

I am an excellent editor, well able to work with someone to bring out the best in another author's writing, and I'm also very good with overall plot and structure. However, when it comes to writing fiction, I'm weak. I'm very impatient with the process, and my writing tends to be thin, rushed and elliptical. 

The Main Character meets early in the story auntie A, who appears to be an old man wearing women clothes. Since other characters have known auntie A for years and don’t seem to find it weird or unusual, the MC doesn’t comment on it. She regularly goes to Auntie A for advices and guidance afterwards. 

I have no problem with waking up early and my lunch breaks are needlessly long, so I can easily spend 20 minutes writing in the morning before leaving home, another 20 minutes during lunch break and 15 to 30 minutes in the evening, before going to bed. On lucky days (when the train isn't too full or when I manage to snatch a sitting spot), I could also add to the schedule some kind of observation exercise. 

What types of writing exercises are best suited for each environment (home, workplace, public transportation) and each part of the day ? 

How to give to the reader every element they need to unravel a mystery, while keeping them from resolving it?