Plenty of people suggest just supplementing with formula, but others say doing so means my body won't be getting messages about how much baby really needs and the problem will just perpetuate itself and slowly get worse - because I'm not keeping up now, there is a reason my body already isn't getting the message well enough. Any suggestions? 

My in-laws have tried to give our baby who is only just beginning to eat solid foods, candy, soda, and other adult foods because they think it is funny to "irritate daddy and mommy." 

Play games. Hide things and use directional words to direct your child to the hidden object. Then, let them hide something and help you "find it". 

Kids who are constantly told, "You are so beautiful" can actually become overly worried when their looks change and become overly critical of themselves. 

Care about What she Cares About 

Encourage your child to tell you stories about the pictures he/she draws. Ask so do you mean? and then use synonyms for at least one or two words occasionally during the sharing of this story. 

As some one else said, READ READ REAd and then READ some more. Read the same books over and over again. Your child doesn't have to actually do the reading - its pretty early to learn to read, but you can read together. Choose books with refrains and encourage your child to say the refrain with you. 

Also, just to be clear, he isn't in danger of rolling off the table as there is a lip on the table and he is sandwiched between myself and a wall. 

Along the same lines, if she is athletic, the YMCA or parks and recreation organization in you area msy offer adult team-sport leagues she could become involved in. Of course, there are also various "club sports" in different locales. 

Pediatric dentists recommend against extra night-time feedings (including with breast milk) or unlimited access to drinks of any kind other than water because: 

Whatever others say, your baby's sleep as well as your own are closely intertwined either way you go. Sleep matters and it IS a big deal, but doing this "wrong" isn't really possible unless you just chuck all efforts to let your baby sleep all together. A few stalls now, won't hurt baby later. If baby needs you to fall asleep now - it doesn't mean baby will always have a hard time on his/her own. Likewise, a time or two of crying it out now isn't going to mean baby thinks you aren't there for him when he is older. 

How do we go about a conversation regarding this situation without creating a familial rift for my husband, daughter and even myself? 

First of all, self-esteem is a complicated component of our personalities and building a good self-esteem in a child is not entirely up to the parents. Your child will have a certain amount of "innate" personality that will play a part in who she is. 

What is a baby sling and why should I use one? 

The really nice thing to know about all of this is that you'll be in to see the pediatrician soon so if anything is amiss, the doctor can catch it and you'll be able to get confirmation that all is well if you have any haunting concerns. Enjoy her!