This is all completely valid. As part of Neymar's contact, both Neymar and Barcelona agreed to the value of the release clause - note that under Spanish law, all employees have a release clause in their contracts, and this applies just as much to footballers as to anyone else (for more details, see this ESPN article). PSG made an offer for Neymar which met the value in the release clause, so after Neymar paid Barcelona the appropriate fee, he was then free to move to PSG - and that's what he did. That all said, unless the team is trying to somehow gain an unfair advantage over the opposition by "tackling" their own teammates, this feels to me like something which the referee should just let happen - it's something for the team and their manager to sort out, not the referee. A player can be booked for "unsporting behaviour" (Law 12, Cautionable offences (page 39)) which is a general catch-all the referee can use for a lot of things not covered by anything specific and could in theory be used in this situation. Since 2011, teams have been allowed to field any combination of their 25 man "match day" squad without fear of reprisals from the Premier League. Previously to that, teams were fined (relatively) small amounts for infringements, for example Blackpool in 2010 or a suspended fine for Wolves in 2009. Teams can in theory still be punished if they field weakened teams with players from outside their 25 man match day squad. Nobody has "broken" the contract here, as Spanish law mandates that any employee can release themselves from a contract - the only question is over the fee to be paid, and in Neymar's case, that was specified in the contract. There are no legal complications, because the lawyers who wrote the contract already thought about it. If a team does anything like deliberately scoring own goals to benefit another team, they can expect to have a ton of bricks dropped on them by both the Premier League and the FA for bringing the game into disrepute, barring exceptional situations like that which occurred in Doncaster vs Bury in August 2015, when Doncaster allowed Bury to score an equaliser after accidentally scoring when returning the ball after an injury. Also, here's a better quality video of a different incident, with replays showing the encroachment. At the time, in 2005, the first two of these calls were probably correct, but to be consistent, the third kick should have been retaken, as a Brazilian defender (in yellow) entered the penalty area before the kick was taken and it was missed. After the players have taken positions in accordance with this Law, the referee signals for the penalty kick to be taken. A player is not in an offside position if level with the: If you consider that he's interfering while being offside, than give the offside If this puts the restart location inside the goal area, the restart may be taken from any point within the goal area. If multiple players are committing dissent, the restart is taken from the position of whichever one is closest to their own goal line (this could even be the opposing goalkeeper, which would see the ball moved ninety metres down the other end of the field). If the referee decides that the action by the player makes it dangerous for opponents to challenge for the ball, an indirect free kick is awarded to the opposing team. However, applying 2017 standards, I believe that only the blatant goalkeeper infringement on the second kick should have been retaken. In 2017, this would also require the goalkeeper to be cautioned, but this seems proportionate, given that he was one to one-and-a-half metres off his line before the kick was taken.