If you believe he'll call wider than 7%, that's great, shoving is +EV. You can't predict the run of hands you'll get in the future so make the most of a good situation as soon as you can! Waiting for other opportunities later in the tournament is a decision I'd base more on experience, as equity calculations make this a straight forward. 

I would suggest it would be better to attempt to understand each (Game|Player|Hand) on it's own merits and combine your understanding of strategy into one fluid, adaptable understanding, which is applicable wherever you play. Of course, how serious you take applying yourself in any game is your decision. 

Tight-Weak opponents will play a range that will give you lots of action with overpairs, TPTK and strong draw type hands, or just give up very easily vs mild aggression the times when you have air or marginal equity and they have the same. Loose-Aggressive opponents will play a range that is wide and weak that will commonly bluff repeatedly and also allow you to get greater value with your marginal hands, the times when you don't have a set. They'll also react aggressively when you bet into them. Both are typically what you'd consider good IO situations. The middle ground between these extremes is more difficult to navigate as you'll often (~7.5 to 1 against flopping a set!) not have much equity and will commonly lose at showdown if you get there. 

If your aspirations are to improve your skill, then make the decision to play your best, most effective strategy everywhere, every time, all the time! Rather than seek to conceptually separate the two games strategically, try to think of good strategy being something that moves on a single sliding scale, perhaps a loop. To illustrate, Johnny Chan once said, simplifying his strategy, "When they are tight, i'm loose. When they are loose, i'm tight!". On the whole, choosing an agressive strategy (prediminantly betting & raising vs. calling) is vastly superior to a passive one considering the most common poker situations you'll be confronted with these days. It's a good place to start. You'll certainly need to progress from this point though. Strategy itself is a fluid thing, and although the flow of a game and the effective strategy to beat it will constantly change, the fundamentals of good strategy don't. Wherever you play poker, it's still the same game, play money or real money! On the left of the "+" sign are the times without a showdown. On the right are the times with a showdown. The times you win or lose can be calculated either against his explicit hand, or against what you assume his range is. 

With regard to your image, how aggressive you are, and your likely range should (but not always, depending on opponent adjustments) dramatically alter how profitable you are pre- and post-flop with PP's. Depending on the players left to act, opening from EP and MP with small PP's (22-66) will be more difficult when you have aggressive, shortstacked or combinations of those types of players behind, as they can price you out of your implied odds. Considering whether players cold-call, 3bet, squeeze, float post-flop cbets, etc. against you should make you consider tightening or loosening your opening standards. The simplest example would be opponents who are IP on you. Opening is less attractive with aggressive opponents yet to act. Conversely, if you have weak, tight and passive opponents who fold too much and/or allow you free passage to hit your strong equity hands at favourable odds, then opening small PP's becomes a better prospect.