When using any form of discipline (this is not synonymous with punishment) it is really important to set things up to be predictable. Predictability sets you up for success. A statement made out of frustration like, "okay you can have it for breakfast then." often doesn't work because it doesn't include consistency and predictability. It makes the consequence about your emotions rather than about the child's choices (and life lessons). These kinds of things often lead to the power struggle you describe in your question. We don't threaten, cajole or discuss. She eats a "balanced" amount of food or she doesn't and we don't make a big deal about it at dinner. It may sound harsh not to give "warnings," but we generally avoid even this (minus one warning each night for the first week the method is used). The next morning we simply get out the "offending" left-over, place it in front of her and reiterate the importance of a "balanced diet." We restate the idea that since she didn't eat anything green the day before, she'll need to start her day with something green today. The National Center for Education Statistics reports that academic redshirting occurs at the rate of about 9% per year among kindergarten-age children. Redshirting is also more common in affluent communities and for children attending private schools. According to NCES, boys are more often redshirted than girls, and children born in the latter half of the year are more likely to be redshirted than those born earlier. Redshirting may be a response to demands for a higher level of school readiness. An Alarmingly high percentage of teachers indicate that half of their students lacked important skills, including "following directions" and the ability to "work independently". As mentioned above, it is now common for schools to expect thier kinder students to already know their letters and numbers one - ten (some of the schools near where I taught preschool expected 1-50). 20 years ago these academic skills were taught in the kindergarten and were not expected at entrance. Long-term studies are fewer and even less-definitive. In my experience, by middleschool, the reaching of adolescence and the physical changes that come with it are important in a student's social experience. Children who develop first or last, can be at a social disadvantage. Kids who mature in the middle of the pack are usually more accepted by their peers. Because these changes occur over a range of ages, it is difficult to predict where your child will fall within this spectrum. Some children simply mature at earlier - or later ages than others and even the decision to redshirt a child does not afford parents control over this aspect of their child's place within this range. However, it does make it more likely the redshirted child will not be the last to develop physically. I have always made sure that if she was around the water she had a life vest on that fit her properly, but the lessons just resulted in a lot of screaming and were miserable for everyone. Baby lessons went alright, but she never took to it with the enthusiasm any of her cousins have had and even her first bath resulted in lots of tears and crying. She knew to be careful around water but also knew I think water is tons of fun and that knowing how to swim can free a person to have that fun safely. She knew all the safety rules and even at her cousin's house with the pool in the backyard, she never broke the rule that if she was around water she wore her vest and made sure an adult was with her (even if she hated the rule, she respected it). 

Books and Videos To Introduce Formal Classroom "Basics" The thing that is super important with this method is that you ALWAYS REMAIN VIRTUALLY EMOTION FREE. Except when expressing empathy. Consequences arise because they are the natural order of things. Consequences (good AND bad) not arise because of your anger, frustration or even because of your happiness in her choices or pride in her successes.