What is almost certainly meant by a "purple toga" in Roman times is the Toga picta. I can't find any source that even references a female wearing one. 

* - That doesn't mean its uncontroversial. Any historical analysis that dispenses with Biblical inerrency as an analysis tool will inevitably suffer a lot of pushback. 

The only evidence I can find of actual practicing Buddhists is that a ruler from somewhere in Greater India sent an embassy to Rome sometime around the turn of the era (year 0ish). It did make quite an impression, due to one of its number self-immolating in Greece. 

Addressing your last statement, by 50ish AD Roman and the Celtic languages were not mutually intelligible. 

Bede mentioned the month-names the Old English used for their lunisolar calendar, and they are indeed quite different. For instance, December and January were basically called "Before Yule" and "After Yule", while June and July were "before midsummer" and "after midsummer". Old English also had a name for the leap month occasionally required to realign the lunar calendar with the solar cycle. 

In other words, its quite likely Caractacus was the most talented orator his society had to offer. 

Sadly the Hunnic language is no help, as we have only have 3 recorded words, and some names to go by. IMHO that would be determinative, but barring some lucky find in a Sogdian library, we are not likely to find out any time soon. 

It was that final act of unrestrained violence on Mount Gerizim that ended Pilate's governorship in Jerusalem. Summoned to Rome to explain his actions to the emperor Tiberius, Pilate never returned to Judea. He was exiled to Gaul in 36 C.E. 

However, this didn't happen everywhere. Charlemagne came up with his own month names, that survived in some places on the continent until the 15th century. Either the (likely Norman) rulers of England didn't do the same thing, or whatever they tried didn't stick. 

This sounds rather upright. But I am wondering, however, whether other candidates except Sulla and Metellus, his crony, were allowed to - or dared to - stand in that election. Is something known about this? 

Wikipedia has separate articles on the different ranks, but they are not (as of this writing) systematically categorized. For example: Illustris or Gloriosissimus. 

P.P.S. If you search your link of the Notitia for 'illustris' you'll find it all over the place. 

Anyway, the guy you have in mind is likely to be Publius Clodius Pulcher who had a notorious gang of slaves at his beck and call. Here is Plutarchus telling us about his conduct in his biography of Cicero: 

Like I said, it's a huge subject and one that I am not an expert about so I'll stop here. I've learnt a lot about it from this book but I guess it's a bit outdated. One day I'll find the time to read this one which is waiting for me on the shelf. 

I can't point to any records, but I strongly suggest that the burial societies that formed the linchpin of middle/lower class social structures probably also made sure to look out for one another and protect one another's rights & privileges. 

Consider their slavery policy - They imported enough slaves to significantly devalue their labor supply and had to implement the dole to prevent riots and preserve the government. 

The notion of supply and demand first occurs in the 14th century, so Rome wouldn't have had the concept. 

In my comment, I mentioned my hypothesis that monotheism might have been the cause of the dispute. OP indicated that I needed to clarify. In a polytheistic society such as Rome, monotheism is very suspicious. Rejection of societies shared gods implies a rejection of societies shared values and foundation. If the Jews reject Roman values, then implicitly they must not be far from rebellion. The issue wasn't that the Jews were upset by monotheism, but that the Romans were suspicious of people who rejected Gods, Virtue and laws (the concepts weren't entirely distinct). 

First off the Greco-Roman world extends over a long time period. Depending on how you measure it that could span a millennium. So the answer to your question changes depending on when you are travelling, (and the season of the year; some seasons you travel by sea, and some you must travel by land) and where you are travelling. 

Remember also that there are sumptuary laws and customs that determine clothing/costume. Also remember that your legal rights and obligations are based on your social class. For anything other than the lowest social ranks, you are effectively required to participate in the state, and your participation is defined by your social class/citizenship status. Anyone with any ambition is on the cursus honorum, which has the effect of creating a reputation throughout society. If the individual is not actively on the cursus honorum, then they're goign to want to ask a favor or provide a favor to someone who is on the cursus honorum.