And here is how it appears if you remove all the bold tags from the values on the right: What happens to comments and answers from a user registered on site A but not on site B when a question is migrated from site A to B? People without edit privileges on the site, as well as mods from other sites, cannot help (mods from other sites are just normal users everywhere else). In chat searches, any search for the text "no" yields no results: But be sure to take the tour on each of those sites first, and browse existing similar questions, to make sure your questions are appropriate for those sites. This question was prompted by this recent event. However, what we, as normal unprivileged users can do is: Spend some time on the site. In particular, visit the site, ask good questions, answer unanswered questions, vote on questions and answers. I don't mean randomly casting upvotes, I mean visit the site and participate legitimately. This has a few benefits: Is there any way for normal people to grab a list of all posts on a site deleted as spam/offensive (presuming I have privileges to view them)? However, you cannot award the bounty to yourself, only the other answers will be considered for the bounty. This obviously cannot be allowed. However, the reasons that it cannot be allowed, as I read it, do not seem to be encapsulated by the CC BY-SA terms. The real reason is that SE doesn't want this to happen, for various reasons that are, in reality, none of our business. This is justified by TOS section 3 (giving SE themselves the rights to do whatever they want with content as they see fit, including undeleting it which I guess falls under redistribution, and of course we as a community act to help enforce this in our support of SE's policies), but appears unrelated to CC BY-SA itself. Make a sock puppet account (an incognito tab or a separate browser can be used). Use it to make a post in one of the sandboxes (Formatting Sandbox, The API Sandbox). The sock can comment on this post regardless of reputation (can always comment on own posts). Leave a comment on that post with your main account, to make yourself pingable. Ping your main account from the sock account on the comment thread to send a notification. Delete the post when you're done so as to keep things tidy. There's no good (and non-sketchy) way to test reputation notifications but the inbox notifications are at least useful. To get folks to either stop misapplying CC BY-SA as the justification for why content is undeleted by the community, especially in situation 1, or, of course, if my interpretation is way off base, to get confirmation that CC BY-SA does indeed remove the right of a user to reasonably delete their content and have it not be undeleted by the community. To clarify the differences in SE's rights vs. the community's rights in regard to undeleting content. One of the behaviors I consistently observe but cannot explain, which I'd really like to get some clarity on, is this: Deleting posts in general is totally acceptable, it happens all the time, there's site mechanics for it, thousands of posts are deleted every day, and as a community we're totally fine with this. But, then, it seems as if as soon as the question of a specific deletion is brought up, all of a sudden it becomes "You can't control your content because of CC BY-SA." In the following list, what is the proper way to insert a line break before the final element where indicated (courtesy mspaint)? My second question is: The line between what is technically allowed under the TOS and CC BY-SA vs. what is socially polite is rather fuzzy (for example, while SE can technically prevent/undo deletion of content, in reality nobody's actually going to do this for a reasonably deleted post here and there). Can we make this line more... concrete? Or at least put it into words? The rather "famous" TOS, section 3, states: As a workaround, prevent the editor from automatically formatting lists marked with "N." (since it restarts at 1 no matter what number I enter)? So it's probably safe to say that this one is median visits per day over past two weeks. Situation 1: A poster deletes one of their own posts in good faith. And a general tip if you don't have a specific project: Make up a small project for yourself that is of interest to you. Then do the above. Definitely >= 200 rep, confirmed. Total users seems to be the obvious although its tool tip is incorrect (it also says "over 200 rep" in the tool tip). Questions per day. Going off suggestion to look at past two weeks, this query shows # days on X axis and questions / day over that number of days in the past: Instead, use the other resources out there (books, internet searches / forums / tutorials / docs / browsing questions on SE sites / reddit / etc., experimentation) to get yourself started. During your adventures, if you have specific questions or issues you run into, then you can choose one of the programming sites here. As for your specific case, assuming you are talking about SecurStick, for what it's worth I don't really see any negative user reports about it on the internet. There's a few users who mention false positive virus scans. The four symptoms in your bullet points seem like either user error, bugs, or interactions with your antivirus. That is not to say that it's OK, and you should never use tools you don't feel comfortable with (I probably wouldn't use SecurStick myself), but you may want to raise it in a comment and do some research before you start taking serious action.