I have a few examples below, but the question is: Is this a problem? If all of my main characters equally have a failure in their past that they are trying to atone for, won't that start to get old for readers? It works fine in one novel, sure. But two novels? Three? 

First of all, let me explain that I am a plotter, and that I am an extreme case. This means that I develop my novels basically down to the scene before I even think of writing a first draft. This is how I write. 

Assuming you want your novel to be read multiple times, what can you do to make it re-readable? 

Important Note: Do not misunderstand this question as 'how can I discover my character?' I already know who my character is and how he acts. What I need is the ability to write him that way. 

I think I can fix this problem by getting to know my character better. What can I do to get to know my character better? I generally have very little trouble with characters. I develop them like everything else, creating them with all the aspects they need. As I develop them, I get a general sense of who they are, and when I sit down to write, I can visualize them acting out what I have them do. This is all I really need to 'get in my character's head.' It works fine. 

It dawned on me that the only difference between what I had and what the method did was time. The method put something in the past. That made me wonder why this made things different. The only thing it did was give the character more time to consider the consequences of his failure in the past. 

To future viewers: While I've marked Mark's answer, I would like to make sure you see the answer from SaberWriter as well. He has an excellent breakdown which should be quite useful when planning your novel. 

The drive is most commonly the private stakes of the hero. It is what he can't lose, what is driving him to complete the goal, whatever that might be. All is well and good with the process up to this point. This question deals with an author pausing the story to speak directly to the reader. An example follows: 

Note: This question was previously about breaking the fourth wall. I discovered that my interpretation of that phrase was wrong. I have therefore rewritten the question. (The above is in place to explain the number of answers and comments about the fourth wall)