Many novice riders make an number of tactical errors that make it harder to finish the ride. A common mistake is try to take long, long, pulls to "prove" how strong they are. Keep you pulls short (i.e., under a minute) to ensure you have lots of energy and don't build-up a lactate debt. As you do more club rides you can start trying longer pulls if that is your thing. Another common mistake is putting in too much effort, too early. Many fast rides will do the hard efforts on out-and-back sections. This means you can get temporarily dropped and catch back in as the group comes back from a hard effort. If you are unsure if you can sustain repeated high intensity intervals, it may be best to opt out of effort and catch back in after everyone has finished tearing each others legs off. You would be surprised how refreshed you can feel by skipping an effort or two. When you ride at a hard effort your core muscles are constantly engaged and the force of pedalling supports most of your upper body weigh. Often you will need to get your upper body as low as possible to provide sufficient resistance to the pedal force as well as improving aerodynamics. As a result you will have little weight on your hands and you can get away with a lot of bad ergonomics in terms of how far you are reaching. That said, fixed gear are only optimal in a limited set of situations... the rest of the time it's a suffer fest. By swapping parts (e.g., stem, handle bars) and making adjusting it should be possible to get one frame size to fit like the other. The real difference between the two sizes is how extreme can you go. The 56 cm will be limited in how high (stack) you can get while the 58 cm will likely be limited in far you can shorten the reach. Also you can try even larger (e.g., 60 cm) as a reference point. Position - the single biggest source of drag. Some clip-on aero bars will make a large improvement, so will lowering the handle bars at the cost of comfort. Clothing - loose clothing adds drag. Skin suits will have the lowest drag, but then it could be pretty awkward going into a coffee shop. Helmet - more of a time trial consideration, and depends Aero wheels Aero bike frame Item (3) and (4) could be inverted, but it shows you how far down the list the aero bike is. When you are racing and sometimes competing for seconds or even inches it can be an important difference. For casual riding, getting the bike to fit well, using good tires and keeping the bike in good working condition will provide a much more noticeable improvement in the riding experience. 2) Indifferent tactics These tactics are a little more aggressive than (1) and may be fair game depending on your friendship and views on competitive behaviour. That is a gain of 14-40% from paying attention to all the little details and I must say I am enjoying my commute much more! Ultimately, fit is a tricky subject, often depends on an individuals goals, underlying flexibility and pre-existing injuries. It is also a bit of a moving target that can change day to day especially if you have unresolved injuries or flexibility issues. If you want to flip the situation, you need to play to your advantages and his disadvantages. Because you have gears, you can ride at an optimal gearing in more situations. You need to make use of this advantage. You can do this by attacking him whenever his fixed gear appears to be putting him at a disadvantage. If it looks like the his gearing is too tall on a climb, hammer the hell out of the climb. If you have a head wind, gutter the peloton so that he can't draft. The more you do this the more his fixed gear will become a liability, and the less reserves he will have left for the fabled "Chicken Run." In a race or a hard club ride I find this type of fit is great, and I typically find a smaller bike with a long stem (e.g., 54 cm + 110 or 120mm stem) works great for me. However, the moment I want to go on a slower ride with the kids or a friend I find this type of fit unbearable. When I was younger I could suck it up, but not so much anymore. There are a lot of more potentially useful avenues to investigate first, because you feel that chamois pad quality is not the culprit next most obvious choice is the saddle: Stock saddles are often not very high quality. They are also typically too soft (aka not supportive) which will cause problems on longer longer rides. Adding to this, if you still have the original saddle, it is 4 years old now. The padding may have simply become compacted and unsupportive. Being a heavier rider you would likely benefit from a saddle that uses more dense/supportive foam, as well as one that has a stiffer body to better support weight. Is the saddle angled correctly. The Allez should have come stock with a Specialized body geometry saddle. It should have explicit instructions on how to angle it correctly. If the saddle is not tilted correctly, your pelvis will not be angled correctly and you may not be distributing your weight as evenly across the saddle as it could be. This can cause hot spots, and other problems How is your position on the saddle? Saddles are often designed for a particular body angle. Some are designed for a more upright posture, while others are designed for a more aggressive body position. This affects pelvis position/tilt and how you interface with the saddle. For example, a saddle designed for more aggressive body positions may be too narrow for a more upright riding position which can cause hot spots and discomfort. How is your pelvis position? Ideally, your pelvis should be rolling forwards like a pitcher pouring water (especially for endurance riding). Many riders due to bike fit issues find themselves rotating the opposite direction (sometimes to protect the prostate, due to a poor saddle) which can change how you bear weight on your sit bones and cause high pressure areas and discomfort. Is the saddle the correct width for you? Saddles are like shoes, one size does not fit all. There are tools to measure the width of your sit bones in order to ensure that you are matched to the correct width of saddle. Too narrow and you will not be supported properly, too wide and it can interfere with pedalling and cause chafing and hotspots. Expanding on (4) pelvis position (@gaurwraith)