Books on that topic Regarding Kant's own reasons for and conceptions of human dignity: Sensen, Oliver: Kant on Human Dignity 

In not respecting a religion, you implicitly are dogmatic: You say that the foundations of this religion are untrue and the foundations of your weltanschauung are true. Dawkins is a good example for a dogmatic position. But the point Popper is making is that as long as the opponent is not dogmatic, you can tolerate him and his weltanschauung, taking him back into rational discourse. 

Because you would help them show that you are in no sense morally superior, giving up your values you pretend to hold higher than anything else if it fits you. Therefore it would help the cause of the terrorists. => I am not aware of any particularly philosophical writing that adresses this argument, but it seems good. Legally, there is no alternative! The highest value of German constitution (Grundgesetz) is human dignity (article 1, sentence 1), not human life (article 2, sentence 2). Torture as well as weighing up lives (plane example) does not take human dignity as absolute value for granted, it rejects it. The German constitution (alongside with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union, btw!) forbids calculus like this. => This also corresponds with the strong kantian tradition in Germany, because the human dignity as inviolable, absolute value is a kantian concept first expressed in his Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals (1785), Ak. 435. The very first formulation of dignity in this sense is by Samuel von Pufendorf more than 100 years earlier in De iure naturae et gentium libri octo (1672) as a reaction to Hobbes' Leviathan, so that v. Pufendorf can be considered the ancestor of dignity and public international law [Völkerrecht] in the modern sense. 

The main point here is that beauty is to some extend similar/linked to morality (which HAS a schematism, see second critique), but not in the sense of a necessary schematism, but only in a symbolic manner, because there are only the 'form of the reflection' together with some other things that are to some extend equal. And he extensively explains in what sense they are equal and where the analogy ends afterwards: 

Henry E. Allison discusses this topic to some extent in his Kant's Groundwork for the Metaphysics of Morals: A Commentary, but gets to conclusions different from mine in some points. It would nevertheless be a good starting point for further readings. 

In e.g. economics utility may be measured, but is not comparable between individuals. That is because it is representable only in an ordinal scale (a BIG problem for economics, actually). That means you can express 'x is better than y', but not 'x is by the factor of k better than y'. Ethical values are the same. 

In section 27, still in the chapter regarding the sublime, Kant explicitely states: In order to fully answer the question, there have to be three aspects adressed, while the points 2 and 3 some kind of lay ground for the statements of the first one, as section 59 is rather late in the book and many aspects are just reformulations and clarifications of former arguments and conclusions: Regarding the actual judgement and its philosophical background The constitutional court in fact had three main points in its justification of the judgement: For further arguments on this, feel free to read by yourself, especially the casuistic questions 423-24. 

And Kant does think it as an anthropologic fact that we do want to act morally, see for example GMM, Ak. 454, where he states that even the most evil person, as long as she is used to think rationally, will want to be a better person.