It seems likely to me based on the extended controversy that some or many of the stories told would not pass muster by any credible historian or journalist standards due to the large number of aspects that are dramatized. This does not, however, mean that the actual events were not historical and possibly just as —if not more— dramatic than the re-tellings. 

It would be highly unusual for a major theologian of that (or any) erra (and certainly for any of the Protestant reformers) to not have at least some familiarity with the source languages of the texts they studied and taught from. Also, Latin is pretty much a given for any scholar of that time whether at a seminary or in any other field. 

If you continue on through the next dozen or so points you can see that he isn't asking Rome to abolish the practice so much as to put it back in proper perspective. 

The issue is far more evident on a secular site like this that acts as a kind of public square. There are no doctrinal boundaries here to identify who the "real" Christians are so any self professing group can forward their doctrines here -- hence the need to scope questions to particular sets so that they can be given reasonable treatment in answers without sparking never-ending infighting between groups. 

The primary accusation brought against Foxe's Book of Martyrs (originally titled Actes and Monuments) is its strong anti-Catholic bias. The doubt cast on the work is almost always the possible "spin" placed in the selection and retelling in order to elevate Protestantism as the true faith at the exclusion of other Christian sects. There seem to be plenty of sources that talk about the education he had and the abilities that those required. Try searching for things like zwingli hebrew on Google Books for further study. 

Whatever the exact circumstances, that the basic events happened is not really in question. 

Throughout history you can trace something known as orthodoxy, or conventional standardized Christian belief. Different groups here will claim that line of faithful more-or-less correct doctrines is traced through different places, but each branch of Christianity (often referred to here as tradition) will have a pretty distinct set of doctrines or beliefs. While it is true that some of these are at odds with eachother and cannot both be actually "true", discovering which is truly true is an excersize left up to the reader and outside the scope of the StackExchange site. You can ask about all the doctrines here, but in the end you will have to make your own decision what to belief. You might find a local church helpful in this regard. No, there is not general agreement as to the exact historical accuracy of John Foxe's work. The majority of events are considered to be historical and widely accepted to be based on good sources such as eyewitness records, however doubt is often cast on the retelling aspect. The issue of actually dealing with a pen and paper was somewhat more complex than it is now (Ever tried to write with hand made implements on hand made substrates?) and it's possible that some or all the books were dictated. While this could have helped an illiterate person get a written record of their experiences, there is no particular reason to believe that was the case with any of the NT authors. It's more likely that if anything was dictated it was more a matter of pragmatics.