So, why posit such necessary existents? In the case of math, the idea typically goes that the truths of mathematics don't depend in any way on contingent features of reality and so, e.g., 2+3=5 would still be true even if absolutely nothing physical existed. But even that is not quite right. People tend to not be too concerned with having a lot of derivative kinds of entities. For example, should a materialist theory that defines mental processes in terms of physical processes count as equally complex to a dualist theory that takes mental processes as irreducible primitives? Many people have thought, no, the materialist has the simpler theory since he postulates the fewest number of basic or fundamental kinds of entities (in Lewis's terminology, the fewest number of perfectly natural kinds). So, it would make sense to compare any two of the infinitely many possibilities by this procedure as long as you fix on some particular set of evidence (i.e., set of beliefs and credences distributed among them). Of course, as a practical matter, carrying out this comparison is not possible since assuming a countable infinity of possibilities there would be an uncountable number of comparisons to run through. But it makes (mathematical) sense to compare the relative likelihood of these possibilities. Additionally, you might be able to "prune the search tree" and eliminate all but a small number of possibilities. Perhaps you and your interlocutor are agreed on everything except the one proposition that the Judeo-Christian god exists. Then you can compare the relative likelihood of that proposition and its negation. If your shared evidence lends support to either proposition, it will disconfirm the other. Possible Worlds in Formal Semantics: the standard text in formal semantics is Irene Heim and Angelika Kratzer's "Semantics in Generative Grammar" (copies of which can be found all over the internet). That's a good general reference on all of these topics. Short Answer to OP It's a bit hard for me to understand the original question(s), so the majority of this answer is directed at the clarification that came from discussion in the comments. The short answer that precedes that is, by my lights, relatively uninteresting. The difference is simple, non-existent objects don't exist whereas abstract objects might. Analogical Reasoning: We often reason that if some scenario is possible, then relevantly similar are also possible (barring any obvious block to this). For instance, if it's possible for my hair to be brown then given that there are other people very much like me with blonde hair, it's possible for my hair to be blonde. How might this be blocked? Well, perhaps given the genetic makeup of my parents it would be impossible for them to have a blonde-haired child (I'm just using this as an example, I don't recall the genetics of hair color inheritance). If it's essential to me that I have the parents I actually have, then it's impossible for me to have had blonde hair. That putative essential trait would "block" this analogical inference. Connecting this to explanation, he is able to explain a wide array of phenomenon through his analyses. Since these analyses require only the notions of modal realism (plus the background theory he needs for modal realism), Lewis is able to provide a large number of explanations from a rather simple base. In fact, this is Lewis's claim of the fruitfulness of modal realism. TL;DR We gain knowledge of things beyond our direct sensory experience through abduction/inference to the best explanation. If the assumption that a certain thing exists provides a good explanation of the relevant phenomena, and there are no better competing explanations, that provides us with (defeasible) reason to believe such things really exist, despite our lack of direct acquaintance with them. Generally it is qualitative and NOT quantitative parsimony that people are interested in. That is to say, the simplest theory is the one with the fewest kinds of entities and not the fewest number. Lewis says as much in his Counterfactuals: