I searched a bit and found this answer which says that a deleted room should be visible to "moderators, room owners, and users with at least 10k network reputation". But when I look at the room info, the user in question is listed there as the only room owner. Can a moderator remove the montly question quota for a particular user? The OP described the situation (the way they see it) in these two comments as follows: This was done as an experiment in comments below this question: I am aware that sometimes comments are deleted as a result of single flag if they contains some blacklisted words/phrases, as explained in several posts on this site. (For example: What is the SE version of Seven Dirty Words?, flagged comments disappear instantly … what's going on? or How is it possible that a single user who is not a moderator can delete a comment?.) Well, .... no can do ... no repro, and I might end-up with a declined flag ;) ... proof that I flagged: i.stack.imgur.com/sqlTe.png - rene The TOS states that users are responsible for filing DMCA takedown counterclaims, and gives guidance: No, there is not. However, there is currently a Feminism & Women's Rights site proposal on Area 51, but it is not gathering a lot of support at this time. The best action for you to take, then, is to support that proposal and also attempt to spread the word. Then, if the proposal fails, you can make another one, however, these proposals have, so far, been running into barriers. Situation 2: A user mass deletes all their own content I'm using the above specific stats as examples but I'd like to know how every stat there is calculated. I haven't been able to calculate any stats that match any of those displayed for a site, for all of the stats listed there. The FAQ is silent on the matter, no help center exists, and so far my MSE searches have been fruitless. Indeed there are no sites like this. These sorts of broad, open-ended questions don't generally fit the model here well, and will not be well-received. They are not bad questions, this is just not the place to ask them. A CM could certainly help. However, this is probably not a good idea in the long run: In the bigger picture sense, if a CM has to step in, this isn't solving the site's real problems, and a CM can't be relied on to keep a site running, it has to be self-sustaining. This seems to work, it's not the best but at least it's controllable. It's all I've discovered so far: For users who are already active on the site, what you can do is help spread the word. Try to think of ways to attract more users to the site. More users = more voting = more moderation privileges all around. Things like community ads, asking good questions that attract good answers and new users (and potentially end up on the HNQ list), talk about the site in your blogs, tell your friends about it, etc., etc. Recently a question of mine was migrated from unix.se to SO. After a few hours I noticed that all answers and comments from a given user had disappeared (there were only 3 or 4 users who contributed). I could be wrong but I don't think he is registered on SO.