Justification, however, does not ensure our salvation. Justification enables us to cooperate with the saving grace of God; but if humans do not cooperate with His grace, they will fall away from His love and may in the end come to reject him. 

This sanctifying or justifying grace is something one always has (its status is like the OSAS view of how one has salvation): 

We believe that all who ask will receive, all who seek will find, and to all who knock the door will be opened. It is our Father’s will that all who look to His Son and believe in Him will be saved. 

(Catechism of the Catholic Church, paragraph 1266; emphasis added) 

1 Taken from the website GraceThruFaith.com, which describes itself as 

In Catholic belief, one is justified (that is, given grace by God enabling one to be saved) at Baptism: 

How about the recently baptized? The Catechism discusses the phrase from the Nicene Creed, "One baptism for the forgiveness of sins". In paragraph 978, it quotes the older Roman Catechism, which dates from the Council of Trent: 

Works—that is, the good things that we do, impelled and strengthened by God's grace—do have a place in our salvation; but it is not precisely correct to say that "we are saved by works": 

This last sentence sounds somewhat similar to "No salvation outside the Church"; the difference of course is that it allows that people who are outside the Catholic Church, and who have no knowledge of it but haven't actually rejected it outright, might be saved. This is not necessarily incompatible with older statements; for example Pope Pius IX's 1863 encyclical Quanto Conficiamur Moerere reads, in part: 

The previous sentence to this quote reads: 

As far as what your friends are saying, each of them is correct in a sense, but incomplete. Surely it is grace, as I said above, which ultimately renews and sanctifies us, and which gives us the ability to merit salvation; but as I mention it is not entirely correct, or at least not entirely complete, to assert that "salvation is by grace alone". We must cooperate with God's grace. 

This is more complicated than you might expect, since Catholicism and Protestantism (which often takes a "salvation by grace alone" approach) can have slightly different approaches to concepts like justification, salvation, faith, grace, and merit. 

It's thus not truly clear whether this was completely a re-formulation, or simply a re-emphasis of a neglected part of Catholic teaching. There are no specifically published justifications that I can find for it; it seems to have been around for quite some time. 

(Catechism of the Catholic Church, paragraph 1021; emphasis added) 

(emphasis added; see source notes below) 

Justification is not merited by the works of any human being, but by the death of Christ, and is granted to the believer at Baptism, "the gateway to the Sacraments": 

Thus, most of us who are baptized have still to "fight the good fight"; we have still the tendency to sin which can lead us astray. But those who are recently baptized and who die before they have the opportunity to commit sin (which can include infants, or those baptized just before death) have no need for purification beyond that which was provided by baptism itself; thus, they will also "be with [Jesus] today in Paradise". The same, it transpires, is true for those who intend and earnestly desire to be baptized, but who die before they have an opportunity to sin. 

Thus, the belief of the Catholic Church is that neither "salvation by grace alone" nor "salvation by works" is true in itself; rather, salvation begins when God gives us His grace, which allows us, through His Son's love, to come to merit further graces and sanctification, and ends when, at the end of our lives, we can accept his offer of life with Him in heaven. The Catechism quotes St. Thérèse of Lisieux: 

In Catholic belief, salvation is achieved not in an instant, nor by predestination before birth, but over a lifetime. Ultimately justification, which is "not only the remission of sins, but also the sanctification and renewal of the interior man"1, is a gift of the Holy Spirit: 

Catholics, on the other hand, believe that one is not actually saved until one's individual judgment (the particular judgment) at death: 

Let's start by looking at what the Catechism of the Catholic Church says. It has a couple of great references: 

On the other hand, following the Ten Commandments—the "Old Law"—is not complete in itself, either. Jesus has given us much more. 

(Catechism of the Catholic Church, paragraphs 2008, 2010; bolded emphasis added) 

Interestingly, there's also a good description of this understanding of sin in the section on indulgences: