Again, if you work as e.g. a cable technician, this process will be familiar. You go to the supply clerk and ask for cable fasteners. The supply clerk looks on the computer and sees if you are on schedule. If you are using too many, the supply clerk may refer you to someone else. You can then explain why you need more than most people. 

In a true communist society (which has never existed above the commune level), individuals would own nothing. Society would own everything. There would be no need for currency. 

Looking at the European Union, we might ask about compensating for losses due to moving. Yet that assumes that the other countries want the migrants. The EU rules actually operate the opposite way. They force countries (like the United Kingdom) to accept migrants. Adding a transfer back to the original country to repay educational costs would work against that. The target countries simply wouldn't do it, so it would never get passed. And apparently the source countries value membership in the EU over holding onto the results of their educational systems. 

From each according to ability. Each individual would be assigned tasks and expected to complete them. It's much how salaried personnel work. Each person would be responsible to that person's supervisor for getting work. That supervisor would in turn be responsible for the production of the team to the supervisor's supervisor. So on and so forth until some supervisor (who might be called a minister or cabinet secretary or something else) is responsible to society. 

These aren't necessarily true. Some people move and send back money. Since they often live in a richer country, even a low portion of their income can significantly help those that stay behind. It's possible that the repatriated money might be more than the potential salary if the person stayed. And they pay in the new country's currency, which the original country often needs to buy goods. 

Domestically it's easy for the new dollars to make it into the economy. The government spends more money than it prints, so it just happens without further intervention. 

Liberal/bipartisan arguments against a VAT: 

Sales taxes are state taxes but a state could not charge a border-adjusted VAT due to constitutional limitations (states can't tax imports from other states). It would have to be a federal tax. The non-border-adjusted version taxes exports from one state to another. Most states do not want to do that, as it puts their goods at a competitive disadvantage with other states. Since sales taxes are state taxes and VAT is a federal tax, it would be complicated to reduce the (state) sales tax while imposing a federal VAT. Adding a federal law to raise taxes for a state is politically difficult. The politician gets the blame for the tax increase but doesn't get the credit for the spending. Politicians prefer the reverse, where they get the credit and someone else takes the blame. Or at least want to get the credit as well as the blame. Donald Trump thinks that it is too complicated. 

You wouldn't have to prove that you worked. Everyone works. If you didn't work, your supervisor would come and tell you to work. What happens if you refuse? Theory remains vague on that point, which is part of why we've never had a real communist society. 

Perhaps the answer is that Engels was wrong in how to achieve his goals. Perhaps the true system that meets the goals of communism is the one used by Denmark. Denmark has money and private property, but it also has a substantial welfare state. And many services are provided out of tax money rather than through purely private transactions. Or as hybrids. Individual transactions subsidized by the government. It's not clear that Engels would agree though. And Denmark does not think of itself as a communist system.