Fixing the bug If you've already encountered the bug and can't load a previous save, try these*: The destruction spell, Chain Lightning, is described as a: While in the quest, The Chief of Thirsk Hall, you need to help the Rieklings in the Thirsk Mead Hall kill all of the aforementioned Nords. This means that I will have to choose a side. Function It appears as a tiny version of a wooden chest. It has no base value or any notable uses and a weight of 0.5. It is possible to come across it while clearing dungeons. It can be dropped or placed into a chest for safe keeping and appears as stolen when kept safe in a normal chest. It cannot be bought back after 24 hours in game time. It can also be used to reach otherwise inaccessible places in the game, as it floats in place when dropped. Prior to patch 1.6, a follower's skills, health, and other stats were set when they were first spawned (which is typically when you enter their starting cell, become a Thane, and so on) and would not increase as their level increased. Prior to the fixing of this failure of stats to update with patch 1.6, players could update a non-essential follower's stats so they would increase based on their current level by using the Wabbajack to polymorph them into another creature, after which their stats would update upon recovering their original form. Players of the PC version could also use certain console commands to fix any follower's inability to update their stats with each level. I have tried enchanting both a Silver Greatsword (described in-game as "Especially effective against the Undead") and The Longhammer (described in-game as "Rahd's hammer, the reduced weight allows it to be swung more quickly") with the Fiery Soul Trap enchantment (TES Wikia link) (which is also a unique enchantment in itself, in that it contains two effects in one enchantment: 10 pts. Fire Damage, and Soul Trap), but in my many attempts to use both, they aren't able to absorb any souls . A possible cause is due to a removed mod. I tried reinstalling all mods that might have caused this, but the bug persists (I might have forgotten what that mod was or have deleted that mod - either way, I can't 'restore' that mod). I tried removing all mods and then loading older savegames (which are in different locations other than Windhelm), but to my dismay, the Aspect of Peryite is still there, haunting me forever. Is this because the Fiery Soul Trap enchantment's Soul Trap effect won't work properly on enchant-able items that already have unique effects? If yes, is there a workaround for this (other methods, console commands or mods) that can force 'Fiery Soul Trap' to work on these weapons? From: http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/mods/27371/ "Do Not Delete" chests can only stack in groups of 11. Once a twelfth chest is picked up, it begins a new stack. (Conjuration - Reanimate Spell, Conjuration skill level requirement, and the spell description) This update removes a few more lines of dialogue. I've also separated the dialogue into two separate ESP files: one for guards (STFU - guards.esp) and one for everyone else (STFU.esp). You can choose to use both or just one. Background info on why I am asking this: