Generally, only al-Fatihah is considered strictly necessary when reciting fard salat; beyond that you may recite from the Qur'an however is easy for you. So if you choose to recite the darood while stopping at the end of each line, you would pronounce it without the final vowels (such as in your second example), but if you choose to recite the lines together in one go, you would pronounce the final vowels (such as in your first example). What the masjid is doing is not wrong, as there is clear precedent in the sunnah to delay the night prayer: So while I wouldn't say that it should be delayed, it is a recommendable action: Given that all the time spent waiting for a delayed prayer counts as being in prayer, it does benefit you to pray thus. For example, the well-known hadith of the man who prayed badly is often referenced to describe what is mandatory in regards to the form of the prayer. The timing of this hadith, however, is likely after the Hijrah as it is narrated as taking place in the masjid itself ("Allah's Messenger (sallallahu 'alaihi wa sallam) entered the mosque and a person followed him...") While the man himself clearly did not know the proper form, it is not clear whether this form was commonly known or mandated previously. On a related note, you may also find reciters will merge the tanwin with the waw if they join the first two lines, so it would effectively be pronounced "…Muhammadiwwa…" rather than "…Muhammadin wa…" (i.e. with double the length of the "w" sound while dropping the "n" sound completely). This too is valid. The Shafis add 12 extra takbirs, 7 in the first rakah before fatiah and 5 in the second rakah after standing up from prostration.s The Hanbalis add 11 additional takbirs, 6 in the first rakah before fatiah, and 5 in the second rakah right after standing up from prostration. The saying of Hasan, Nakhni, Qatadah, Malik, Abu Hanifa, Shafi and the majority of the ulema is: The funeral prayer will be offered for him (one who kills himself) Al-Risalah by Ibn Abi Zayd sourced from Shamela As Medi1Saif said in the comments. Washing the feet is an essential part of Wudu: Intercourse entails ritual impurity. One can not perform prayers(Salah) or visit a Mosque while in a state of ritual impurity, and everything else is permissible. Ritual impurity caused by intercourse is removed by performing Ghusl(bath) See IslamQA. Ibn Abbas related that the Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) offered four rakahs before Jummah and did not separate them [in twos?]. He (Tufail) said to him: What treatment did your Allah accord to you? This means that if the hadith are interpreted to not subtract the length at the zenith, then Zuhr's time would literally never arrive in a day and Asr's conditions will be fulfilled at Zawal. Quoting Bidayat al-Mujtahid wa Nihayat al-Muqtasid: They said that this occurred in the presence of the Companions, and no disagreement was transmitted from any of them. They were the ones who best knew the essence of the law. This is used in support of that view by those who rely on the opinion of a Companion when there is no other conflicting evidence. The disciples of al-Shafi'i argued on the basis of the tradition of Zayd ibn al-Thabit, who said. Source: What is the reason why Qur’aan is recited out loud in some prayers and silently in others? The hadith which is used for the opinion that it is not obligatory is the following: Narrated Abu Salama bin 'Abdur Rahman: Shaykh Ibn ‘Uthaymeen (may Allaah have mercy on him) said: If a person deliberately does not recite out loud when he is leading the prayer, his prayer is valid but it is lacking. Source: Sujud-at-Tilawah outside Salah Majmoo’ Fataawa Ibn ‘Uthaymeen, 13/73