Going up you pay full price for weight and coming down you only get paid pack the cube root. 

With that said there is not one CF. A lot of variance in the construction / layout. If you are going to ride a CF then buy a good one. As far as get used to it just ride. Brakes and gears are different but clearly you have figured that out. More hand position. Most riding is up on the brakes/hoods. If you get on the bike and go straight down in the drops it will feel low - that is for high speed and into the wind. 

Typically arms are more up. Up arms should give you a little better leverage. In the city a pure road bike is not as stable. 

One thing to consider is a used cyclocross and put touring tires on it. It has drop bars and will take larger tires. You can get great deals on used as many racers upgrade every season or two. And this is the end of cyclocross season. Or a used touring bike but you don't get as good of deals on used touring bike as you don't have racers flooding used market. But if you don't know bikes then you can get burnt used. This is a cyclocross set up with 35mm touring tires that I use for training and crashing around the city. (And note that a cheap bike is apt to have 23mm tires rated at 85psi -- lower than optimal for many situations, while a better bike might have 27mm tires rated at 105psi. I run my 35mm tires at 100psi.) Not quite sure what you mean by "roadster", but I assume it's roughly the same as a "road bike" in the US -- what would have been called a "racing bike" 30 years ago before racing bikes got all high-tech. Yeah, so long as you're more looking at simple recreation/commuting and not expecting to set any speed/distanced records, you can do a fair job of conversion. 

But then, I've never pretended to be a racer. 

It's important to understand how muscle cells work. They do not need (new) energy to contract. Rather, a muscle cell is like a stretched spring that's been propped into the stretched position -- it's ready to contract as soon as the "prop" is removed. To remove the "prop" and allow the muscle to contract, the associated neuron causes calcium to be released into the muscle cells. This triggers a cascade of chemical reactions and the muscle contracts. 

Common: All of these have shifter mechanisms in the brakes, so they're "brifters" Nothing road-based has thumb shifters like a MTB. Answer: No - you can't just move the brake levers up the curve of the handlebar drops. If you did this, the bar tape would be bunched up above the hoods and skinnied-out below the hoods. 

2) Sora, 9 speed. Relatively uncommon on new bikes becuase 10 is a two-digit number (that's the reverse of Shopkeeper's pricing theorum where another digit makes it look more than just one more.) 6) Dura-ace, 11 speed, basically the top spec mechanisms as used by pros. Expect to sell your house to buy this level. 

Tools: You'll need a 5mm hex driver (maybe 4mm or 6mm, maybe a philips if its old, or flathead if its ancient) Some tape to finish the bartape wrap, and sharp scissors to cut the tape. 

Seems there are studies showing both: