The Russians had hacked the DNC and John Podesta's email Were timing the release of some of the more salacious details to cause maximum political damage The Trump Administration is somehow proving benefits to Russia in a quid-pro-quo relationship That would be enough to topple a President. General sentiment would turn easily, and you could Impeach him readily (remember, Impeachment is largely a political process, not so much a legal one). Have that relative become their running mate in the next cycle. They would run on the ticket and be elected as normal. This isn't normally done for political reasons (it would create a LOT of chatter as to why the previous VP did not run again) The current VP dies or resigns. In that case, the President would nominate a new Vice President per the 25th Ammendment. That nominee must be confirmed by both chambers of Congress. That could prove to be a sticking point (the opposition party would undoubtedly cast the appointment of the relative as nepotism) As long as the nominee meets the eligibility requirements, I know of no other restrictions By tweeting out the emails ahead of the story, Trump Jr. literally gave to every other news outlet what the NYT had worked for over a year to compile and corroborate. It's what you would call a pyrrhic victory. It was coming out anyways, so Trump Jr got some measure of revenge. This summary of another journalist's tweets (who was also working on this story) pretty much says it all (read from the bottom up) It was a way to deny the New York Times a scoop. When a news outlet gets a story like this you have to do a lot of investigative journalism to validate and verify your sources. If you've managed to keep it quiet, your paper stands to make a lot of money because you are now the source for all of this information. This image appears in a Washington Examiner article, and is attributed to a Twitter post of Michael Keiffer, who interviewed Arpaio. Assuming this is the actual pardon Arpaio received, the seal of the Department of Justice would indicate that some copy of the file is on record somewhere within that Department. Nothing in the constitution lays out any requirements for the form or logic of a Presidential pardon, other than "I say so". So he said so on twitter. This is the only version that seems to have been released to the public in any sense directly from the White House or the government in general. In fact, pardons can be very non-specific, so that rules-lawyering lawyers don't try to circumvent the intent with technicalities. The pardon of Arpaio is fairly specific, though the second point is non-specific: no specific crimes are pointed out, just completely arbitrary crimes that otherwise fall under a particular legal umbrella. At the extreme end, Ford's pardon of Nixon was for any and all crimes committed, possibly committed, or in any way involved in, over a period of several years. The only way to avoid it would be from somehow change the constitutional roles of the POTUS, and that kind of reform is not something that can be done overnight ever if there was legislative support for it (and there is not). And again, if Trump did have the legislative support to undo those changes, he could revert them. So, for anyone worried, stop looking for "special solutions" and begin working in the regular solutions (raising public awareness, public speech -including peaceful protests-, etc.) If that is the case, the cabinet declaring the president unfit seems the shorter and simpler way that all the proceedings and debates related to an impeachment. IMO, there are two ways around this: Néstor Kirchner was Presidente of Argentina from 2003 to 2007, and his wife, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner served as President from 2007 to 2015. As much as someone might despise Trump personally, any attempt to block him for getting the full responsabilities as a POTUS will be way more damaging to democracy and the USA than a Trump presidency itself (or at least let's hope so). I would say that the way to go is the first one. The POTUS is elected by the people directly, so to remove him/her for office you need a very cut & clear case that crosses partisan lines and to make clear that it is not Rep vs Dem or Dem vs Rep issue.