But note that this is just the spending on the nation-level. There might be additional health spending on lower levels (states and counties in the US, regioner and kommuner in Denmark). But the question was just asking about nation-level spending, so this is out of scope. 

It also allows one to get a larger audience for their agenda and soap-box their opinion. Just by being a candidate, their statements and opinions get compared to that of other candidates and thus get far more public attention. I suspect this is one reason why, for example, Bernie Sanders hasn't yet folded against Hillary Clinton in the Democratic preliminaries. His social-democratic agenda is quite a minority viewpoint among Americans, but his campaign gives him the opportunity to convince more and more people of it. It might not help him personally, but it might help his ideas to become more popular in the future. 

There were also some failed attempts at censuring the president which did not achieve the necessary majority: The capitalist answer to this problem is that when there is a real desire for net-neutral internet providers, then the market will create them. 

You could refer to it as "the European model" of handling certain political issues. Most European countries have policies which are far more social-democratic than US policies and are quite successful with them (depending on how you define success, of course). Pointing at an example which shows that these policies can be applied in practice and what the results are gives a good basis for a rational discussion. 

This is hard to generalize, because there are so many different organizations which organize demonstrations and other public gatherings and then report their estimations regarding participations. Also, there are countless police departments in the world, and they all also use different methods. When someone votes for an unregistered candidate, the vote is invalid and is counted as if it was never cast in the first place. So unless you find someone who is actually named "Someone Better" and fulfills all the criteria for being electable as POTUS and actually wants to be POTUS, the state is won by whatever candidate who is actually running got the most valid votes.