The current battle seems to be being fought mostly in terms of funding. The federal government is sending certain monies to the city. It may stop sending some funds to cities that don't do certain things. Cities are defiantly saying that they'll continue even in the face of loss of funds. Note how this hits two Republican issues: immigration and cutting spending. And a very small number of Republicans live in those cities. As such, don't be surprised if the funding is in fact cut. TL;DR Most likely Franklin D. Roosevelt with at least 1715. In New Hampshire, the cutoff was 10%. Kasich, Cruz, Bush, and Rubio got their proportional amounts and Trump got the rest. Of course, it is also very difficult for Cruz to win enough delegates for a first ballot majority. Even Trump is back to being short of target (he needed to win Ohio). And neither of them have Kasich's advantages with the unbound delegates. Christie got 1.8% of 30, which rounded to 0 after adjustments. I.e. if too many round up, then someone can't. Apparently Christie was that someone. Even if his 1.8% was really 1.75% (which rounds to 1.8%) that would have been 0.525, which should have rounded up. But all 30 delegates had already been allocated. The Executive Office of the President consists of the immediate support staff of the President. A fair chunk of it is support staff for the actual White House, like the White House chefs. When you exclude those, you get a number of agencies generally handling things that cut across departments. For instance, the federal budget request needs to be a coherent whole, and department secretaries are obviously going to be biased; the EOP contains the Office of Management and Budget, which coordinates. The National Security Council exists to coordinate national security policy (and just so it's clear: the EOP part is the NSC staff; the NSC members are the President, VP, Secretary of State, and Secretary of Defense, none of whom are in the EOP). The White House Staff is not an agency; there is a White House Office, who are the people in the EOP who most directly support the President. The Chief of Staff, the National Security Advisor, the Press Secretary, etc., are all White House Office. As the federal bureaucracy has grown, the idea that the members of the Cabinet would be the main advisors to the President has somewhat fallen by the wayside. Federal departments are massive organizations, largely made up of career civil servants instead of political allies. Cabinet secretaries are political appointees, but they still have to keep a lot of people happy: the President, their own departments (who they work with every day and who provide the main advisors to secretaries), Congressional committees, and others. Secretaries are very busy people running Cabinet agencies. Of course, it is also very difficult for Cruz to win enough delegates for a first ballot majority. Even Trump is back to being short of target (he needed to win Ohio). And neither of them have Kasich's advantages with the unbound delegates. The current battle seems to be being fought mostly in terms of funding. The federal government is sending certain monies to the city. It may stop sending some funds to cities that don't do certain things. Cities are defiantly saying that they'll continue even in the face of loss of funds. Note how this hits two Republican issues: immigration and cutting spending. And a very small number of Republicans live in those cities. As such, don't be surprised if the funding is in fact cut. It remains an exaggeration to say that it is mathematically impossible for Kasich to win the nomination on the first ballot. However, it would still be ridiculously difficult. He'd have to win all the unbound delegates and more than 80% of the unallocated delegates from future elections. So he'd have to win all the winner-take-all and winner-take-most states.