The straight forward answer to your question is Ethics: that is the field of philosophy which directly studies ethical dilemmas such as the one you mention. There are also higher level ways of studying the questions you mention: 

The only other conceivable option is for atheists to become carrion eaters. 

This is very simplistic, where are the holes in this reasoning? Can a more formal, serious version of this argument be made to show that any ethical system is inherently limited? 

One of the most important results in philosophy of science is that every observation is "theory-laden", i.e. that the outcome of any scientific experiment is affected by the theoretical presuppositions held by the investigator. Because of this, it is very difficult - maybe impossible - to draw the boundary between science and metaphysics. W.V Quine best described it at the conclusion of his 1951 paper "Two Dogmas of Empiricism": 

Several perspectives can be offered (as a complement to Cort Ammon's answer): 

(b) Many such atheists are also moral/ethical people, in fact they are usually adamant that atheism doesn't imply immorality - they don't need a deity to force them to behave, etc....therefore a moral atheist would consider it immoral to take an innocent life. 

In response to the comment about Marx: 

From this point of view, recreating "sub-human" hominids is on par with cloning sheep or cloning frogs, and presumably there is nothing wrong with it, unless you object to cloning in general. 

Defenders of same sex marriage are working from the assumption that some gays and lesbians are born that way, and they cannot help or change the fact that they are attracted to people from the same sex. 

John Stuart Mill says in "Utilitarianism": 

You can argue that in theory a consequentialist should accept a small amount of slavery if it benefits the greater good, but that in practice it is impossible to perform the necessary utility calculus that allows her/him to determine that the greater good achieved by the building is indeed higher than the harm inflicted on the slaves. Similarly, using probabilistic reasoning, you can argue that the harm coming from slavery is predictable and certain, while the benefit coming from the building is uncertain and liable to change (if for example a fire or an earthquake destroys the building right after it is built). Once you factor such probabilities/risk analysis into your utilities calculus, then slavery becomes an immoral choice. This what an Act Utilitarian would do (See IEP article on Utilitarianism, Act Utilitarianism vs Rule Utilitarianism) 

The same applies to philosophy: Philosophy is a wissenschaft, a from of seeking knowledge and wisdom, and as such contributes to the overall advancement of human knowledge, and it effects the personal lives of those who study it in the same way that mathematics or theoretical physics does. 

In your question, you add the additional twist of seeking reasons "beyond science and religion". This would rule out any consequentialist ethics like utilitarianism, since you are looking for something other than the negative consequences of incest, typically based on genetics and medical science. It would also rule out virtue ethics and some deontological ethics based on religious considerations. 

But then the Clinton supporter is contradicting herself here: The desired consequentialist outcome - preventing Trump from winning - is itself based on deontological reasoning. Why is the desired outcome here preventing Trump from being president? Because his is a mysoginist, a racist bigot, etc...and someone like that should never be president - so essentially a deontological rule about what views a president should be allowed to hold. 

In such a situation, it might be possible to argue that people knew before hand what the likely consequences of the UK exiting the E.U was, and if they voted on principle even though they new that the economic consequences for the U.K were bad, then one can accuse them of being immoral by failing to take into account the negative consequences of their actions. 

In practice, both Kantian and utilitarian ethics have their challenges, but they are good starting points for an objective morality independent of God (or Gods). 

You can never prove that it is immoral. Immorality is only relative to the ethical system chosen. You can however argue, that even for a consequentialist, slavery can still be immoral. 

Another approach is utilitarianism, where instead of trying to analyze the act itself, you measure the outcome: Which course of action leads to the greatest good for the greatest number of people? The objectivity for utilitarians comes from the statistical nature of the way goodness is assessed. Although the outcome of the act is subjective for each person, the overall truth of the statement depends on summing the value of the outcome for all people, and becomes objective that way. 

I suppose that some utilitarians might argue that torture is defensible if it leads to net improvements in the greater good. And it is certain that many governments and agencies do so in practice. But the Geneva convention and international human rights as defined by the U.N consider the prohibition against torture to be one of those rules that is more important to reinforce than any utility that torture might provide to society. 

Marx wouldn't have much to say about this dilemma, as his thought concerns economy more so than political theory qua politics (although there is inevitable overlap). To put it another way, Marx's ideas would be the end result of the voting process, not guidelines on how to vote.