Kant seems more interested in how perceptions (thoughts, qualia, sensory perceptions, etc.) are filtered by a mind, and not so much by the cause of those perceptions. 

§2 Everyone must admit that a judgment about beauty in which there is mixed the least interest is very partial and not a pure judgment of taste. 

Kant called Berkeley a "material idealist" on the grounds that Berkeley stated you are not and cannot experience objects outside a mind because the mind wouldn't understand what that means. 

§13 Taste is always still barbaric when it needs the addition of charms and emotions for satisfaction, let alone if it makes these into the standard for its approval. And yet charms are not only often included with beauty (which should properly concern merely form) as a contribution to the aesthetic universal satisfaction, but are even passed off as beauties in themselves, hence the matter of satisfaction is passed off for the form: a misunderstanding which, like many others that yet always have something true as their ground, can be eliminated by careful determination of these concepts. 

§14 Emotion, a sensation in which agreeableness is produced only by means of a momentary inhibition followed by a stronger outpouring of the vital force, does not belong to beauty at all. 

To better explain: You are taking the attribution of death, through awe, and applying it to yourself as a concept, but it isn't your death, merely a reflection of your death, that you see in another. 

These last two quotes directly address the questionable nature of our judgment upon our fellow species, I believe. 

At the end of the day, however, there is a large difference between the perceptions translated into neurons (as Berkeley seemed to suggest) and the perceived objects. 

In CPJ, Kant seems to imply that rational gender-necessary-reproductive-species (humans) cannot claim other of the same species humans as beautiful based upon our base desires and inability to escape the a priori nature therein (a few of the quotes have been provided). Is this claim accurate in the depiction of humans, according to Kant? 

In the end, I would say if happiness and instinct are inter-related to agreeableness and therefore, by extension, emotion, then we cannot make judgments of beauty on fellow human beings, because of our base, animalistic instincts, or, as the introduction puts it, although not in addressing it from that perspective, we're "another being acting through nature". 

Do these two concepts not seem so linked? Are they not founded in much the same metaphysical ideal? 

In Michel Foucault's Folie et Déraison: Histoire de la Folie à l'âge Classique(History of Madness), he describes how society, throughout history, view(ed/s) and react(ed/s) to madness. The primary theme: madness is whatever forces us to view our own mortality (i.e. elderly, frailty, sickness of mind and body). Could this, if seen as true, be a Kantian archetypical relfection of an a priori (if Kant would see the viewing of our mortality as a priori. I only assume he would seeing as awe (CPJ) was seen as a priori)? 

§83 The concept of happiness is not one that the human being has, say, abstracted from his instincts and thus derived from the animality in himself; rather, it is a mere idea of a state to which he would make his instincts adequate under merely empirical conditions (which is impossible). 

I would like to reference Magritte's painting The Treachery of Images. The neurons are much like the pipe, wait, no, the painting of a pipe. The painting is like a neuron representation of a pipe, but is not equivalent to a pipe, so in this Berkeley seemed dead on, and Kant seems to take the same for granted in his own critique of pure reason, for example, his own chair example where he says it is an immediate representation (note the term used) of a chair. 

Am I, therefore, correct to assess this as an archetype of an a priori? 

How do current (and traditional) materialists address the problems Kant provided with the separation of noumena and phenomena? It would seem a materialist wishes the phenomena to disappear and leave us with a solid, apodictic understanding of the noumena, for which Kant gives fair arguments against. How would a materialist argue this point, if at all? (If I am misunderstanding the common approach to materialism please provide reference to this as well) 

§5 The agreeable, the beautiful, and the good therefore designate three different relations of representations to the feeling of pleasure and displeasure, in relation to which we distinguish objects or kinds of representations from each other. The expressions appropriate to each of these, by means of which one designates the pleasure in each of them, are also not the same. Agreeable is that which everyone calls what gratifies him; beautiful, what merely pleases him; good, what is esteemed, approved, i.e., that on which he sets an objective value.......One can say that among all these three kinds of satisfaction only that of the taste for the beautiful is a disinterested and free satisfaction; for no interest, neither that of the senses nor that of reason, extorts approval.