A Christian understanding of miracles relies on a Scriptural interpretation of dunamis. The words is used to describe acts of God or acts of humans empowered and inspired by his Spirit that transcend ordinary human experience, ability, or understanding. 

The overwhelming majority of Christians believe that Jesus was the Son of God spiritually, bodily, and every other way. We believe that he was conceived miraculously within the virgin Mary by the power of the Spirit of God, and so God is his father not in only a figurative sense, but concretely. Most Christian groups consider this to be a fundamental doctrine of the Christian faith. 

1. Note this "fifth essence"- the first four being fire, water, air, and earth- is the origin of the English quintessence, as well as the identity of the lapis philosophorum, the "philosopher's stone" about which the alchemists wrote, and whom the Christian alchemists identify with the transfigured body of Christ. 

God has always been God. When time came into being and all things became, God already was, and had already been. Nothing exists that was not made by the Father through the Son (John 1:3). 

This last statement struck me as something a Buddhist or Hindu practitioner would say, not a Catholic. Do any Catholic doctrines or Traditional teachings explain a Catholic notion of the God in you and the God in me, where recognition of the divine aspect of or in another person demands or motivates compassion? 

God wants us to be humble, follow his rules, act right, love mercy, and have faith in him. That is what pleases God. 

Hebrews 11:6 NIV And without faith it is impossible to please God, because anyone who comes to him must believe that he exists and that he rewards those who earnestly seek him. 

God gave us free will. He allows us to follow or turn away from him. God knows what we will do. However, we have the power to control our responses. If God forced our hand, we would not have free will! 

John 14:21 (NIV) Whoever has my commands and keeps them is the one who loves me. The one who loves me will be loved by my Father, and I too will love them and show myself to them. 

An interesting (old) story about this: 

God allowed Abraham to go up to the point of sacrificing his child, but not to actually do it. It was a test of Abraham's. And Abraham was better because of the test. 

The venerable Maximus explained, "We do not directly control whether blessings will be showered upon us or chastisements will befall us, but our good and evil deeds most certainly depend on our will. It is not ours to choose whether we are in health or sickness, but we make determinations likely to lead to one or the other. Similarly, we cannot simply decide that we shall attain the kingdom of heaven or be plunged into the fire of Gehenna, but we can will to keep the commandments or transgress them." 

St. Maximus ca. 580-662 a.d. (The Life of Our Holy Monastic Father Maximus the Confessor and Martyr) 

The saint said, "He foreknew our thoughts, words, and deeds, which nevertheless remain within our power to control; and He foreordained what befalls us. The latter is not subject to our control, but to the divine will." 

"How can that be?" objected Theodosius. "Did God foreknow and actually foreordain our deeds from eternity?" 

No Can we know everything about God or fully understand his nature? No, absolutely not! 

Yes, the God of Calvinism is loving and no, there is never a time when his actions are not loving. 

I believe God is a full-on egoist in that his is fully self centered. Whatever he does he does for himself, and he expects/demands the same of others. Egoist can also have another connotation of being conceited and limited to caring about ones-self. I am not reffering to this. Being omnipotent it's impossible for God to have a delusional or exaggerated sense of self worth. If you leave out the definition of of megalomania that includes being delusional, I think it is safe to say that God is a megalomaniac in so-far as he is obsessed with his own power and importance. 

The absolutely crazy "exception" to this -- and it's technically not an exception at all because his love is consistent even in this case -- is the forgiveness and reconciliation of sinners to himself through the sacrifice of Jesus. By himself becoming subject to the curse of sin and wrath of God against evil when he himself was good, he earned the right to buy back those whom he chose from death -- to experience God's love of good as one of those good things rather than experiencing his love for good things expressed as his hatred of bad things. 

So, while covetousness or envy is an unrighteous desire to obtain what belongs to another, the jealousy that is referred to in Exodus 20:4-5 is indignation on God's part in response to unrighteous infidelity on the part of God's covenanted people. Israel willfully entered into a covenant with God as a wife willfully enters into a covenant with her husband. God is not desiring something that is not his, but instead he is angry and distressed by Israel's unfaithfulness to him. The nation of Israel belongs to God because he created it, 

As a logical argument, when we say "nothing exists that was not made by God," this includes all of the cosmos and time itself. Hence, the words "become God" are not meaningful. Nothing can change except for created things, because change (ie from something other than God into God) requires time to have a "before the change" state and an "after the change" state. 

God exalts himself above all worshipped things (Thess 2:5). 

1. Note this "fifth essence"- the first four being fire, water, air, and earth- is the origin of the English quintessence, as well as the identity of the lapis philosophorum, the "philosopher's stone" about which the alchemists wrote, and whom the Christian alchemists identify with the transfigured body of Christ.