Stoics had a more specific philosophical reason however, connected to the so-called logical fatalism, an argument for which was first put forth by Diodorus Cronus. Aristotle's retelling of it involves tomorrow's sea battle, which either will or will not happen. Whichever it is will be true, therefore already is true, since the truth is eternal and immutable. While Aristotle looked for a way out of this conclusion, and leaned towards the opinion of Epicurus that statements about the future have no truth value, Stoics accepted it, and even built a theory of human action and free will around it, an early form of compatibilism. Chrysippus, the head of Stoic school, who also anticipated modern propositional logic, and was considered by many in antiquity Aristotle's equal, gives an argument for the logical fatalism as follows: 

On the one hand, Avicenna proceeds from a "necessarily existent by virtue of itself", an entity that cannot not exist, which sounds similar to Anselm's starting point of "that, than which nothing greater can be conceived". On the other hand, the reasoning goes that the set of contingent things must have a cause that is not contingent, because otherwise it would be included in the set. This is similar to the traditional cosmological argument, but this way of putting it is parallel to Anselm's inference that "than which nothing greater" must already exist in reality because otherwise that same thing, which also exists in reality, would be greater (this type of reasoning is disallowed today because it leads to the Burali-Forti and Russell paradoxes). To complicate things further, Avicenna does not exactly make the "necessarily existent" into God by definition, instead he offers a series of ancillary arguments to derive its attributes, which ultimately allow him to identify it with the God of Islam. 

"...to receive, to be a subject, and other things of this sort, are not found in the soul and in prime matter in the same specific way. For prime matter is actuated by means of change and motion, and since every change and motion may be reduced to local motion, as the primary and most universal type of motion, as is proved in the Physics [VIII, 7, 260b 6], it follows that matter is present only in those things in which there is potency to place (ab ubi). Moreover, things of this kind, which are circumscribed by place alone, are corporeal. Hence, in accordance with the way in which the philosophers have spoken about matter, matter is present only in corporeal things; unless, of course, someone wishes to employ matter in an equivocal sense."