( * Schwalbe Marathon Plus HS 440 Wire Tire) 

If it matters, the spokes are (I think - magnetic) painted steel, the nipples are also slightly magnetic, and the rim is double-wall aluminum. 

I'm looking at puncture-resistant tires and I see Schwalbe Marathons* listed for size 28 x 1 1/2. Are there 28 inch wheels? If not, what size is that meant to fit? 

Here's the description: https://www.wtb.com/pages/tcs 

I'm working through all the spokes on my front wheel, inspecting and spoke prepping all the nipples and replacing some. The above rust pattern is what I'm seeing, on almost all the nipples. Is it common to see spoke nipples with heads rusted only on the side toward the hub, but not on the spoke body? 

WTB is offering a rim/rim design described as conforming to a standard, the Tubeless Compatible System. The rim has a rounded well over the spokes along the center. Is this rim incompatible with clincher tires and tubes? And is there anything special here compared to other tubeless designs? I learned this the hard way - parked up overnight outside a friend's flat, someone came along and took my seat + post. I was annoyed and I did not find it so easy to quickly get a replacement. If I could have just phoned around the local shops I would have located a 26.8 mm seat post that bit quicker. (As it was I paid over the odds for a smaller seatpost and shim, plus I had to ride seat-less). 

Folding bikes are quite useful for 'theft strategy'. You can easily pull quite a lot off the bike with the quick release levers, including the seat and post. However, in reality, this does not happen because the folding bike can be put under a desk, parked in a pub, left at reception or even pushed around a supermarket in the trolley. Only a simple £5 combination lock is needed to deter casual theft during quick visits to shops. Do you know what size seat post you need for your bike? Write it down so that you can order a replacement easy enough after it has been stolen. 

There is a lot to recommend in Sam's tip of a low-security 'standard' cable lock coupled with a D-lock. You can do better than that still if you can get the ABUS 'Partner Pack'. This is a D-lock and a cable lock that share the same key. On your trip to/from work where you have a safe place to park you can carry just the lighter cable lock and use that to secure your bike for the few minutes stopping off on the way back to pick up groceries. Then, if you go into the center of town and have to park where you really do not want to then the D-lock and cable can be brought to lock up as Sam describes. I'm working through all the spokes on my front wheel, inspecting and spoke prepping all the nipples and replacing some. The above rust pattern is what I'm seeing, on almost all the nipples. ( * Schwalbe Marathon Plus HS 440 Wire Tire) Here's the description: https://www.wtb.com/pages/tcs WTB is offering a rim/rim design described as conforming to a standard, the Tubeless Compatible System. The rim has a rounded well over the spokes along the center. Is this rim incompatible with clincher tires and tubes? And is there anything special here compared to other tubeless designs? 

If it matters, the spokes are (I think - magnetic) painted steel, the nipples are also slightly magnetic, and the rim is double-wall aluminum. 

Is it common to see spoke nipples with heads rusted only on the side toward the hub, but not on the spoke body? I'm looking at puncture-resistant tires and I see Schwalbe Marathons* listed for size 28 x 1 1/2. Are there 28 inch wheels? If not, what size is that meant to fit?