In order to reduce the effects of the UEFA seeding system allocating the "better" teams as the second leg home team, the UEFA club coefficients were taken into account in calculations of the probability of the second leg home team winning the tie. The results were as follows: Herbert Chapman is believed to be the inventor of counter-attacking style of play. From his Wikipedia article, citing Studd, Stephen (1998) - Herbert Chapman, Football Emperor: A Study in the Origins of Modern Soccer: (The more popular sports being American football, Baseball, Basketball and Ice hockey when considering Canada. All of them originated in North America.) I've spent a good part of my day analyzing the matches documented in individual CL tournament wiki pages and RSSF, and here are the results of the greatest/smallest goal differential (per game) stats through 1992/93 - 2016/17 Champions League seasons* (unfortunately the most/fewest minutes leading stats are not included, as they were too hard to count): So, I'm curious if anyone has ever witnessed Liverpool conceding a goal while their fans were singing the famous and beautiful "You'll Never Walk Alone" song. (someone should have witnessed as Liverpool fans are always singing and Liverpool, put it mildly, is not well-known for its defensive skills). 5.For goals which are the result of solo efforts (dribbling runs, etc .) no assist points are given. 

Laws of The Game; Law 11 - Offside; 1. Offside Position state that: 

You can easily find them on different web resources, like for example here. As Panna is a street and freestyle game, there are no strict rules, but in a nutshell: The exact difference can be best understood by reading Mauricio Pochettino's explanation: But, why people do believe in this phenomenon despite poor statistical evidences? Well, perhaps, because when the tied teams are equal they choose "defend away, win at home" strategy, and mainly because of the away goals rule. Probably, the general reasoning, as Patrick Kluivert stated, is that: Note that the counterattacking style of play was enhanced thanks to WM formation that was also created by Chapman: There was also another research by Manuel J.A. Eugster, Jan Gertheiss & Sebastian Kaiser (2010) LMU Munich 'Having the Second Leg At Home – Advantage in the UEFA Champions League Knockout Phase?', where they analyzed only 304 individual matches from the UEFA Champions League (1994 - 2010) also using UEFA club coefficients for removing seeding system disturbance and they concluded that: 

The researchers statistically analyzed 12,364 individual matches from the following competitions: 

The situation you've described happens quite frequently actually and you will see the examples at the end. If player B is within playing distance of the ball and player A places his foot between player B and the ball, then it's tripping. 

Once shown the red card Cristiano Ronaldo pushed me slightly in a sign of disagreement. 

This situation is also implied in the FIFA Disciplinary Code; Article 17. Caution: 

Everyone remembers Benzema's "La croqueta" against Atlético Madrid in the 2nd leg of 2016/2017 Champions League's semi-final, right? The corner kick taker is #4 Mahir Shukurov, the 1st player who jumps over the ball is #7 Vagif Javadov, and the 2nd player jumping over the ball is #17 Vüqar Nadirov. As you can see from the stats in official match report from UEFA, the corner kick taker #4 Mahir Shukurov is awarded the assist, not one of the jumpers. (Which makes sense to me, because simply you can't distribute the assists to all of the players jumping over the ball: imagine 9 players doing that). 

2002 2006 2010 2014 2018 Note: bold indicates the teams winning all the qualification matches.                                                 (Source) 

Now that you've remembered, my question is what if Benzema would have been fouled behind the goal line (outside the pitch) near the penalty area when the ball is still clearly in the field? How the game would have been then restarted, namely, if Benzema was fouled at this very moment: 

It's obvious that Ronaldo was nearer to the goal line than the the second-last opponent (the guy in the red shirt: Mats Hummels). 

Just mentioning a single match when this happened should be enough. 

2. In the event that the penultimate pass may have decisively influenced the play leading up to the goal, the player who executed this pass may also be allocated an assist point.