Terran Boasting the highest number of units, as well as some incredibly cool niche units Terran is often considered the most powerful or the most cheesy race, depending on who you talk to. While actual statistics tend to show Terran to be more balanced than not, this massive unit diversity often leads players to think otherwise. Taking a Third Going for a third is definitely a solid choice (see IdrA vs MC in group play at MLG). Because he's going to be investing heavily in infrastructure you don't have to worry about early game Harassment or some sort of 4 Gate timing push, meaning that third base will have kicked in before your first engagement. If for some reason he does try to push after the fast expand, you can expect a largely Zealot heavy force as he won't have had resources to invest in mining Gas. Regardless his force will not be strong because of that additional investment. As a Zerg you can saturate faster, so if you get down that third immediately, you should have it up and running around the time he gets his second going. 

Idra would go on to win 3-1 vs Tarson before losing to an unexpected build in the finals (MarroW’s 5 Rax Mass Reapers), but those are just details. Within hours, forums would be flooded with questions and experiments on The Magic Box. There are a couple good videos demonstrating its use, but I find the following to be the best: 

Where does your opponent spread to? --> Scouting How can I efficiently prevent or deny him from spreading out? --> Harassment What unit composition will he use to overwelm me? --> Scouting As your opponent has Zerglings and Banelings or Roaches, your Marines will not help you in preventing him from the spread. They aren't fast for scouting purposes either. But, there is an unit in the Terran repository which answers these three questions quite well! The Hellion: 

Don't forget to expand when you move out! 

Confirmed with Process Monitor, it first makes a request to a subdomain of that URL and then saves a file in Why does an attack I planned fail? Turn your opponent crazy! But secure your expansions against a counter attack... So, if you don't want to be overwelmed, you will have to deny your opponent from spreading out. (Protoss and Jungle Basin are used as examples throughout the answer) Note: If you plan to use Tanks, have something to counter air or else he'll simple drop on your tank. Source: Mix of common knowledge, comments out of your link and Liquipedia II. 

How can I keep the pressure up? The law of diminishing returns: Putting too much effort into something specific isn't worth it. But I don't know what units he has after my initial scout? You can do four things, perhaps combine them: So, once your harassment is in place forget about it. Instead, work towards your next harassment. Unit Production and Tech Tree While Terran Units may build similar to Protoss (from structures), the units are spread out over a larger number of structures. This often leads to Terran players going down one of three paths. Heavy Barracks units or heavy Factory units or an even mix between the two and Air units. While this may seem like a Heavy toll, the large unit diversity means that all three of these production strategies are valid. The resulting tech tree is also very wide which can either lead to amazing flexibility or an over specialized build. 

Idra would go on to win 3-1 vs Tarson before losing to an unexpected build in the finals (MarroW’s 5 Rax Mass Reapers), but those are just details. Within hours, forums would be flooded with questions and experiments on The Magic Box. There are a couple good videos demonstrating its use, but I find the following to be the best: The Magic Box is a technique which gives Mutalisks the advantage against Thors. For a long time people considered Thors to be the “Hard Counter” to Mutalisks, and it’s not hard to see why. A Thor costs 300 Minerals and 200 Gas, has a DPS of 8 (or 16 vs Light, which Mutalisks are) and 400 Hit Points. Since gas is often a limiting factor in building costs, conventional philosophy dictates that you could build 2 Mutalisks for the same price (100 Gas each), each doing 5.92 dps (or 8.55 spread across three targets), and having 120 Hit Points. The armchair math is thus, 400 HP @ 8.55*2 dps vs 240 HP @ 16 dps. It’s not hard to see which will die first. What’s even worse, for the Zerg player, Thors do splash damage, and Mutalisks have a tendency to bunch up (as air units often do). As a result, a sufficient force of Thors could wipe out a much larger force of Mutalisks.