Yes, you can. Suppose you have a map/map part going up vertically, you first need to fill all the unused air blocks around the map structure, so they don't get filled by lava. Then, for each lava rise, use a separate Command block: Edit: I found a partial answer, but the command block solution has yet to be found. Where the lever is at positive X from the Redstone. The right Command block has this command: Into the command block put this command: To make a totally indestructible item use this: All repeaters are set to minimum delay, esp. the clock on the right. Under the door is a Redstone torch. This will only work with the comparator - MC 1.5+. You can have the command blocks really far away, it works the samr, just the coordinates will be different. Or, if you want to make all items unbreakable, just give each player a ton of Mending books. The command will fill a flat square of air with lava on your map - then, add a Coparator and a few Repeaters leading from the 1st (n-th) Command block (for delay), leading into the 2nd (n+1-th) Command block. You can also use good old comparators and redstone clocks to avoid numbers like Dirt: 8294, Grass: 34890 In Minecraft 1.9, End Cities spawn in the End. These End Cities contain Chests with various items, some of them enchanted. On the wiki I found out that the items may be enchanted to a random level from 20 to 39. By that they mean the level you enchant on in an Enchantment table (not Sharpness 30). towards positive Z place Repeaters facing towards the CMD blocks. Next to the System there should be a wall of RS blocks to power the repeaters when cloned! Because there are so many questions asking about this, but not closed as duplicates, I decided to make a uniting question here: use these command block system NEXT to the structure: I'm making an Adventure map (it has loads of command blocks), but I got stuck: How can I make a Player to be able to go only backwards, that is, only when pressing the 'backwards' key, and to be able to change directions only with their mouse? Any Redstone and Command Block circuit will do, It's not space limited. I don't want to install any mods, and I have Minecraft 1.9. Nothing moves the Player except the Player himself. So, using n as the nujmber of repeats (depth of the lava), and X1, X2, Z1, Z2, Y as the lava fill square, you use theese Commands: You can turn a hostile or neutral (eg. not passive) mob against another by hitting it with a projectile that is "owned" by another mob: But, if your testfor command may theoretically target more entities, and doesn't, eg. Instead of N use the lever rotation value. List of possible rotations: How can I effectively find generated structures? I don't mind using commands. I would like to find and explore some Minecraft structures, like Temples, Dungeons and more. My current way if finding these is to go straight and look around while walking. This isn't very efficient, as I find only few to none buildings each trip.