Attributes, for Aristotle, scholastics, Descartes, and Spinoza alike, are the non-accidental qualities/properties expressed in language by predicates, as substances are expressed in it by subjects, to which they are predicated. Taken together, they make a substance what it is, hence they are essential (unlike accidental properties), constitute its essence. Substances that do not share attributes have nothing in common, and the more attributes they have the more "real" (concrete) they are. God, as the ultimate reality, is the "substance of infinite attributes", but according to Spinoza "the human mind has an adequate knowledge of the eternal and infinite essence of God". Here are some examples from Part II of Ethics: 

See Nejeschleba's Thomas Aquinas and the Early Franciscan School on the Agent Intellect for more context. 

While temporality can perhaps be avoided causality does seem to require some sort of partial order relation to be meaningful. In the cases of creation and emergence time is replaced by a "flow" between different "levels" of ontology. This being said, even if one admits atemporal causality it does not have to apply to every case of logical entailment. Indeed, on the Platonist reading there are no causal relations between ideal forms, they are at the same level, independent and co-eternal, hence mathematical derivations do not represent any kind of causality. Causality of derivations would not conform with the usual mathematical intuition either, if we have two equivalent mathematical facts (e.g. being even and being a sum of two primes) what sense would it make to say that one is caused by the other? 

There is an interesting application of this atemporal causality in modern physics, the Hartle-Hawking no-boundary cosmology misrepresented in popular literature as having atemporal piece "before" the Big Bang. Butterfield and Isham in On the Emergence of Time in Quantum Gravity explain that this is not the case: The World Will, primordial, blind, and irrational, "holds the world together" in Schopenhauer's philosophy. It doesn't do a very good job of it, but then he was not called the father of pessimism for nothing. Schopenhauer's ethics was influenced by Oriental philosophy, in particular the Buddhist idea that the world is full of suffering, and the cause of suffering are human desires, confused, misguided, and ultimately futile. All living beings, and even inanimate objects, are merely "individuations" (his term) of the Will, the sole source of action in the world, and the root of its pointless suffering. Schopenhauer's ethics shares with Buddhists, and Stoics, the ideas of ascetic self-limitation and perseverance, the only way to "beat" the Will, which manifests itself in us through its incessant compulsive urges. 

A sign that rectilinear uniform motion is not a physical process is in the fact that it can be eliminated by choosing an appropriate reference frame, namely the one comoving with the body. This would not work with other types of motion because comoving frames introduce real physical effects, the so-called fictitious forces like the centrifugal, which are real enough to kill you. But none of that happens under the rectilinear uniform motion, all inertial frames are physically equivalent in Newtonian physics as well as in relativity. If we analogize spacetime to space "moving" uniformly amounts to choosing coordinate axes. The only "change" is that of conventions and spatiotemporal location. To make it "real" we must take the spacetime per se to be real, and indications are that such spacetime substantivalism goes against the grain of modern physics. Einstein's hole argument is directed against it: