The final point is on the purpose mentioning the reason in this verse serves. It is to be able to identify linguistically what type of commandment that is. 

Lawful marriage Unlawful marriage (e.g., Nikah al-Mut'aa according to Sunnis, or secret marriage not witnessed or publicly announced, or incest marriage, etc.) Right to exercise divorce ('isma) Right to terminate marriage (mostly through conditions imposed in the marriage contract) Sexual relation (either within the bounds of marriage, or extra-marital) Mixing of two things (e.g., nikah al matar indicating mixing of soil with rain water) Feeling sleepy (e.g., sleepiness doing nikah on one's eyes) 

The rule that the general meaning of the words are used to derive a ruling, not the specific reason(s) for revelation is generally accepted by the majority of established scholars, with the known exception of al-Muzani and Abu Thawr, followers of the Shafi'i school of jurisprudence. 

Assuming that all requirements (pillars and conditions) of an Islamic marriage were fulfilled, the marriage in question is Islamically valid. Neither a specific age of either bride or groom, nor consideration for public interest (regional legality in this case) are requirements of an Islamic marriage. Therefore Australian law may render the marriage legally void, but not Islamically void. 

In regards to the wife having the choice to reject her husband, there is no verse in Qur'an or hadith that I am aware of that specifies ability or deny or reject what one may not desire. The only verses I am aware of are about getting what one desires (and more): 

In the context that follows, it is obvious it is referring to intercourse outside marriage (although the translation uses the word marriage): 

it may be a minor (i.e., a child) who inadvertently witnesses your sex act; 

Question: Can an arbitrator for domestic disputes in Qur'an 4:35 be a non-Muslim? 

It's possible it could be interpreted as a crime under Sharia Law too. E.g., Malaysia has this crime (see http://www.esyariah.gov.my/): 

I'm wondering what after happens if, after getting married and the wife revealing her body for the first time, her husband is not satisfied. 

you and your partner may be exposing your awrah; 

Behaviour that is likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress to other users contrary to the Public Order Act 1986 

Sex in a public toilet (Section 71, Sexual Offences Act, 2003) 

Question: Does Qur'an 4:3 forbid marrying more than four wives? 

This seems to hinge primarily on (a) the chance of getting caught, and (b) whether or not it's legal. 

Generally, this is interpreted to mean that a man is forbidden to marry a second wife if he fears that he would treat them unjustly. 

And it seems reasonable to believe that Muslims are expected to obey the law even if they are 100% guaranteed to get away with disobeying the law. 

Having sex in public is a crime in certain circumstances, and Muslims are expected to obey the law: 

I'm trying to get a better mental picture here. It seems to be a significant risk. 

The wife is not entitled to anything of the mahr (dowry). 

Question: What if a husband is displeased with his new wife's body after getting married? 

Reciting the following Surahs: al-Falaq, a-Naas. (many times) 

The significant matter which you ought to pay attention is that he is considered as your husband if he has not divorced you. Accordingly there must be some duties that you ought to do them as being his wife. 

www.islamquest.net / and this link 

On the other hand, if we suppose that she indeed doesn't believe in Sikh (and just as unreal label ...), consequently it can be elucidated based on available info. in the answer that she is neither Muslim (nor Ahlul-Kitab). So, according to the rule of ... she as a non-Muslim cannot marry a man Muslim. 

Anyhow, on the whole, according to Shia: 

On the other hand, paying attention to the following issue could be beneficial for you that: 

4: There is no barrier for their marriage 1 

In the name of Allah According to my researches, the attendance of the witnesses is not counted as a Wajib practice for the marriage. (At least it could be based on the view of Shia Maraja') 

You can compare the example below with your issue (as a helpful example): 

Certification of two just (fair) men or four just women; but they ought to declare the condition of breasting feed as well. E.g. we have seen that child has drank from the breast of that woman for 24 hours and has not eaten another thing between his/her feeding (beside the other conditions which has stated at the issue #2483 of the reference). 

According to the Fatwa(view) of Ayatollah Makarem Shirazi: 

Eventually, I'd like to make it more clear by giving you an example. For example, somebody is interested in the pork and wine (although it is clear that wine and pork are haram, cos are harmful...), then s/he ought not to ask I will eat them because the holy Quran has not mentioned that it is haram if you eat them before marriage! fairly, will you accept this question?!