The advantages of keeping them separate include not only alleviating the worries you already have but: Throughout the summers our library offers far more than storytime with puppet theaters and magicians coming in once/week for special summer programs - Even Home Depot offers occasional classes for kids. The more you can feed baby without the pump, the easier things will be for you and for your baby. However, a lot of pressure gets put on moms to make sure they are breast feeding and sometimes circumstances make that really hard or even impossible. While "Breast is Best," and Pumping is next best - in the end exactly how you handle the feeding of your baby is not the only or even most important factor in his/her health OR happiness. Fill his world with poetry - nursery rhymes, great children's books and song. http://www.babycentre.co.uk/a115/caring-for-your-babys-genitals If you are away from baby, sometimes having a photograph of the baby or the ability to play the sound of it crying while you get started, can actually help your brain do what it needs to do to make your milk "let down" stronger and allow you to produce a bit more. However, breast milk is not an option for everyone and since your child has not been on breast milk for this long already, I don't understand why your doctor would be so insensitive as to point that out now and not give you ideas for other kinds of prevention of these issues. Many people will talk about "baby bottle tooth decay" but the problem is not really with the bottle, rather it is with oral hygiene. Play Eye Spy and describe things to teach an adjective vocabulary. As I see it, there are two ways to approach this one: Spend time together and use "big words" alongside synonyms you know he already understands. Avoid baby language. Talk and then listen (even if he makes little sense, listen and paraphrase what you do understand). The, listen and then talk some more. While teething is absolutely a possibility as are a number of things (including just a developmental change or difficulty with self-soothing), I wanted to throw this one in the mix. Apparently, this answer is rarely the solution, but when it is the solution things change very quickly. "Honey, I love how you provide us with colorful art pieces regularly. It really helps to brighten my day." or "Darling, your suggestions often solve problems for us in creative ways. I'm so glad you choose to share your ideas with us." or, "The way you choose to be quiet and thoughtful in the afternoons really brings a calming energy to the family when everyone else is wound up - thanks." Go on nature walks. Describe everything from how the weather is and how the air feels to the way the ants move along the trail. Go slow and move at his pace, stopping to look at things he wants to inspect more fully. Ask lots of questions about what he is experiencing, seeing, feeling. . . Having said that, Parents probably are the most significant influence there is on a child (and her self-esteem) so obviously, there are some things parents can do (or not do) that play a role in this. Of course there are also tons of advantages to having them room together as well (as you've pointed out), but I don't think it is really a make-or-break decision and if this will help you and wife sleep better at night, why not? They can have a different "loud" space altogether. Perhaps the living room? Kitchen? Bedrooms can both be for quieter play, reading and sleeping. To use ASL instead of baby sign. Use videos from the "My Baby Can Sign" and "Signing Times" series instead of other signing videos. You can also use ASLpro.com as a wonderful translating resource. You mention that you use a sterilizer, but humans have bacteria that lives in our mouths and is just there too. Even kissing baby introduces germs into the mouth and so since they are there, good dental hygiene will keep their over-population (and resulting maladies) at bay. The following is an excerpt from the same previously quoted article and also applies. The only one of these advantages related at all to emotional well-being, is that they can communicate sooner which means fewer temper tantrums before they can verbally communicate fully. Kids who have their physical attributes (such as strength, speed, coordination) commented on frequently, "Wow you are so strong, that is amazing" can have similar responses too - they stop trying athletic activities out of concern they won't be the best at whatever it is. There is evidence that indicates babies fed with breast milk are less likely to develop early childhood caries (cavities), as well as a number of other diseases. Many breast-fed babies also use bottles while mom is away. It is likely the difference is not in the use of the bottle, but in the milk served through the bottle. 5 months old is far from "extended" use of the bottle! Now that I've seen this question, your other question also makes a lot more sense. My daughter has a lot of reflux so we have to be careful about introducing one food at a time - just like anyone would normally be careful, but we have to be hyper-aware in order to figure out what it is she is sensitive to. There are all sorts of advantages to teaching your child ASL that especially apply during the first two years of life. These advantages include an average (spoken) vocabularly larger than that of non-signing peers of the same age as well as an even larger vocabulary in sign than their non-signing peers have, earlier and clearer communication development (on average) and even earlier spoken communication (again on average).