According to Wikipedia the first ever book printed in the Ottoman Empire was Arba'ah Turim in Hebrew. The date is believed to be 1493, though there are some claims for 1503 or 1504. The printers were David and Samuel ibn Nahmias of Istanbul. 

The City Friese - A contribution the history and grammar of the dialect of Leeuwarden. 

Het was echter niet stark genoeg om zich to handhaven : in 1487 ward hat tengevolge van hat bier-oproer, uitgebroken doordat buitenlieden in de stad verboden haarlemmer bier dronken, door de Schieringers ingenomen en gedeeltelijk verwoest . 

No cities are marked, but Antwerp is located at the south-east corner of the Scheldt delta as drawn. To a first approximation, all of modern Netherlands (except Limburg) lies south of an east-west line drawn through this point, and all of modern Belgium south of the same. 

Numerous craft breweries around the world now celebrate this day, as an excuse for patrons to enjoy locally-brewed craft beer; which seems as good a reason as many, to me, to enjoy a local pint. 

The fact that the Scout movement also catered for girls widened its appeal, since many of the youth movements up to that point had been for boys only. As noted above, the Girl Guides were formed by Baden-Powell and his sister, Agnes, just months after the Boy Scouts Association. (Agnes Baden-Powell would lead the Girl Guides until 1918 when Olave Baden-Powell took over as Chief Guide.) 

"Scout patrols" which followed the principles set out in Baden-Powell's book were set up across the United Kingdom, and spread rapidly across the British Empire. The first Scout rally was held at Crystal Palace in London the following year. Some 11,000 Scouts attended - including some girls who dressed as Scouts and called themselves "Girl Scouts". 

Most bishops and monasteries had large landholdings, which had been granted to them over the years by kings, or great lords. At one stage, the church was the largest landholder in Europe. 

Curry, Andrew: Slaughter at the bridge: Uncovering a colossal Bronze Age battle, Science, 24 March 2016 

Baden-Powell had been besieged in the town of Mafeking during the Second Boer War. He had formed the Mafeking Cadet Corps, which was a group of youths that supported the defending troops by carrying messages and similar tasks. This freed up men for military duties and kept the boys occupied during the prolonged siege. 

Despite this, some news of Bacon's research and discoveries would have been transmitted by word-of-mouth and by letters. That news certainly travelled all across Europe, for we know that Pope Clement IV requested a copy of Bacon's work. A copy of his Opus Majus, was sent to the Pope in Rome in 1267. 

What is perhaps less well-known is that the 80 Years War included a twelve-year respite during which Spain and the Dutch were at peace. Possibly the decision to renew the war in 1621 was the single worst decision Spain took - the King and his advisers did not realize that by this point they could no longer win. 

Here's why - I looked up footnote (6) in the counterpunch article. It refers to a Time article from 1999 and here's the relevant bit from there: 

This has been the standard approach in modern historiography, as far as I can tell; it and in fact it was espoused already in the 17th century by contemporary pundits and columnists who were then called Arbitristas. 

It is commonly accepted that the Spanish Empire, which rose to the pinnacle of its strength under Charles V/I and Philip II was in decline by early seventeenth century and, in spite (or perhaps because?) of strenuous efforts to arrest and reverse that decline during the early 17th century, it declined and by 1643 or 1659 (not random dates..) it was a shadow of its former self.