I'm currently working with a development group that has a variety of project management approaches. They use a Kanban board for tracking work with a constantly re-prioritized backlog, they have iterations and a burn-down chart like scrum, and they have a PMO that wants to know the overall status of the project in a nice, neat timeline. The most common approach I've seen is to create an emergency swim lane at the bottom of the board. This swim lane is not subject to the same WIP limits and takes priority over the other work. This way we keep the work visible. However, when you track metrics like lead time and cycle time, consider these items separately. That way you'll see the impact that the volume of emergency work has on the lead time and cycle time or planned work. After working with the project for about a month, it seems like this team delivers sets of functionality that usually take a few weeks to create and the priorities shift frequently, making Kanban a great approach for the team. I'd like to get rid of the burndown charts and the long-term project plan, since it changes so often, but there is a real sense of apprehension that some of the long-term goals for the overall project won't be met by their required deadlines. Does anyone have experience with Kanban metrics to demonstrate progress through work - especially long-term goals that are being worked toward? How work enters the system. How work is prioritized, and by whom. How work will flow through the system. What work-in-progress (WIP) limits apply to the system. While agile methodologies encourage customer collaboration, they expressly do not allow assigning tasks to team members outside the agreed-upon process flow. This sounds like a great teachable moment for you to provide education to both your team members and your stakeholders about how the process works, and to remind them that they all agreed to it. Regardless of the actual numerical limit, the important thing is to avoid the "100% utilization fallacy" and ensure the process has sufficient slack to ensure a consistent level of throughput over time. That means that you generally want to apply some fudge factor to lower your WIP limits, but the specifics will vary from project to project. Rule 2: The client is responsible for timely performance of their responsibilities, which include providing feedback and user acceptance testing within agreed-upon time-frames. "Kanban has caused standups to evolve into a discussion focussed on the kanban board, looking at blockers first, then impediments and then the rest of the cards on the wall instead of going to each person and getting their update" - Kanban by David Anderson Does anyone have any suggestions? One of developers has become impossible to work with because of her attitude towards in particular me and I am not sure how to handle it. I an an Agile Coach and Scrum Master for a development team. I have been hired as a new ScrumMaster for two existing teams What should I do first what should I focus on how should I work with the team and POs etc. Any advice would be most welcomed! I am literally going to be dropped into the teams and I want to know what process I should follow. I have only been working with this team for 3 weeks Team member has said that I have a boring approach to coaching the team and that the previous coach was more fun Team member speaks up and criticizes every single initiative I present to the team Team member questions everything and flails between arguments. She doesn't fight one particular point or point of view, she fights for the sake of fighting. Team member is not a team player and is unwilling to work as a team, very arrogant and always tells the team that she is always right. Team member is not professional at all. Other team members from other team members are difficult, but they are at least professional. I would use an analogy for this team. Imagine a bunch of football players who were not interested in playing a game of football, they just wanted to kick the ball around. Now add me, their coach. I am at odds as I presume this is my job to sort this out.