The first time you do this, it might be very frustrating so do it on a night where you don't have work the next day. (Friday night?) The important part is to convince your child that no matter what happens, he is NOT going on your bed. 

Our 1 1/2 year old daughter keeps wanting us to take her clothes off. She'll keep wailing until someone does. She'll try to take them off herself. I'm worried that she'll just want to be naked all the time - even when we're outside or company is over. If he wakes up in 45 minutes crying, repeat the cycle. Take him to the rocking chair, and wait for him to fall asleep again. Back in the crib. 

Why does she want to be naked? Is this a behavior I should accept, encourage, or discourage? Is this something I should be worried about? I am not sure if taking the toddler to an ultrasound would be useful - fetus is pretty hard to see in an ultrasound even for adults! Unless she is familiar with what an heartbeat actually is (do you ever have her listen to your heartbeat anymore?!), she might be wondering what that strange noise is. 

Our daughter also didn't have a very comfortable sleep - the rest stops wake her up, or well, she would at least cry in her sleep. Sleeping in the car seat for that long is fairly uncomfortable. She was too tired to play or eat, as it was her sleepy time. So she became really, really frustrated. It was too late in the night to go to parks or just let her stroll around. We took lots of food with her that she would normally eat - baby cereal, frozen apple sauce (it was hot, so eating it was like drinking a slushie), crackers, etc. She also ate 1/2 a bran muffin and a little bit of tuna on a sub. We had a small water bottle just for her with a straw. Our daughter doesn't drink much juice, so none of that. 

There have been no studies to support that ventilation holes in a mattress prevent SIDS or vice-versa. The only claim that is made is that lack of ventilation increases the risk of SIDS - which is true. But ventilation holes in a mattress does not mean that you are reducing the likelihood of SIDS. The most important thing is simply to make sure that your baby sleeps on their back. Some people believe that mattress with ventilation holes means that you can put your baby on their belly - NO - do not do that. Then again, today, after her father gave her a bath and was trying to dry her, she came wailing to me, "Dada hit me. [her older sister] hit me." Nothing of the sort happened, she just wanted to run around wet instead of be dried. We both corrected her that no one hit her, that we just dried her. The next night, should be easier, but might still be long. But within 3 days, he should get used to sleeping his crib. He should be convinced, that no matter how much he cries, kicks, or does, that he will eventually end up back in his crib - and only his crib. NEVER give in and put him in your bed with him. Now, our trip back was much better. It was actually quite fantastic. We started at around 3 AM this time. We had put her to bed at 11 PM, so she had roughly 4 hours of sleep. She did wake up when we put her in the car seat, but fell asleep about 1/2 an hour later. We stopped every 3 hours for 15-30 minutes for a "car-seat-free-time." If she was sleepy, I'd just hold her and let her sleep on me. If she was awake, I'd feed her and change her diaper, if necessary. If she was awake when I'd put her in, I'd give her toys (old and new) to play with. Within 30 minutes, she'd be back to sleeping. She did this the whole way. She only got cranky in the last TEN MINUTES of our trip, when nothing would console her. But we were almost home at that point, so it was all good!