Comment to the original editor (they can receive @replies on the post they edited) explaining why their edit was bad and showing them yours as an example. 

I don't think that your worries about abuse are valid if it's shaped correctly. I had envisaged this as a stop, on all edit approvals for a specific user's edits while a problem gets investigated. Something akin to a moderator flag. They could then get mass declined if necessary. Unless there is a problem there would be no negative consequences for the editor; it would have to be reputation limited with stern warnings for anyone who uses it without a valid reason. 

I was able to log in but was re-directed to the 404 because /review has been replaced with /community. 

The posts obviously need more editing. Finish off the job and ensure everything is fixed. 

For users with less than 10k this would show them their recent reviews in that queue, for users with more than 10k this would show them everyone's. 

I think you should follow this 8 step plan: 

I would not do this unless you're certain you can be polite and informative. There's no point starting a fight and as the more experienced user and the one who initialized contact you'll be in the wrong. 

If you believe that the approvers did a really bad job (your examples aren't the most egregious examples) then you can track down a post of the approvers and comment, linking to the approval and your edit, explaining exactly why they shouldn't have approved it. 

What might be useful is a count of the number of unapproved edits for each user and maybe an indication of the velocity of their editing (along with a link to the relevant part of the user page). This might make it easier for a responsible user - yourself for instance :-) - to catch potential problems earlier and flag a post for moderator attention. 

For double-plus bonus points do as animuson suggests in the comments and have three links, that link to all three pages: 

If then the answer is a perfectly valid answer, you could up-vote it. 

The notifications for the Reviewer badge contains a link to the review page for which the badge has been gained, but that link takes to the review page for the site where the SuperDropdown menu is being viewed. 

In the case there are no questions tagged a, and a is synonym with b, then it could be helpful to show the questions tagged b. It is probable that is what users want to see. 

The number you see to the left of tools, or review is the number of pending suggested edits. 

The revision reported on Super User, when I tried with Firefox and Google Chrome, is 2012.4.3.2076. 

Some users reported that, clicking the "review answer" link, opening the posts in a different tab, and taking an action on that tab (e.g. editing the post, or voting it) is counted as actioned post. I didn't verify this, but if this is the case, then it is what you could do. In any case, you should click on the "review answer" link. 

When I select "Lowest Score First," what I see is something similar to this: 

I noticed that, when I review a low quality post, and I select "Recommend Deletion," I see the same post after few hours, when I restart reviewing low quality posts. Each time I restart reviewing posts, I click on the review link I see on the top of the page, and I click on the "Low Quality Posts" link I see on that page. 

If an edit removes an entire paragraph, it could probably be rejected as too radical, or approved because it is removing noise. To make an example of noise, suppose that the user who asks a question starts explaining that he asked the question on a different SE site, and that question was closed as off-topic, after he was suggested to ask it on a different SE site; then the user continues saying that he doesn't agree with that decision, but he is forced to ask the question in an SE site that he doesn't repute to be the best one for his question. 

Once you do that, the post will be entirely shown, and you will notice the elements to vote, vote to close a question (this links is shown only when you are reviewing a question), edit the post, flag it, or comment it. 

Therefore, I propose an option be added to each posts's moderator menu that will provide a list of any and all review tasks associated with it. A spiritual brother to the current "Show flag history" option: 

I'm not entirely sure this would need to be moderator-only, but I've had requests from moderators for this information and can see where it would be helpful to them on occasion (for the same reasons it's been helpful to me), whereas it might well just be noise for most other folks. 

I agree that the past few audits you've encountered have been borderline. The first one which we discussed was (if memory serves) an answer to a closed question - such answers are no longer used as audits. The second probably shouldn't have been deleted, at least not for the reason that it was, but I'm not sure we can alter the criteria to avoid such posts - ultimately, it comes down to improving the feedback loop for moderators. If it makes you feel any better, I think this will eventually improve not just reviewing but moderation as well. 

To clarify this intent, the guidance has been changed to: 

Still TODO: make this more heavily dependent on your recent failure rate. 

As for your feature request: the automatic review-quarantine takes both the number of failures and the time spent on reviews into account. You don't have a particularly high failure rate, but you do complete review audits very quickly, averaging under 4 seconds each for First Posts audits. In general, time-to-review has been a pretty good heuristic; that said, I'm open to the possibility that it not be properly balanced against overall success rate.