I wanted to design a badge for it but got bored and completely redesigned the gold badges. 

So, placing a bounty will make it get lost within the featured tab. Of course, you could sort the tab by "newest"--but that's extremely unfair to users who use bounties to get attention/answers for their old, unanswered posts (one of the primary uses for bounties, in fact). If they sort it by posts that have recently been bountied, the re-bountied posts will come up. Yes, you can come up with a "been bountied only once/etc" metric, but that just gets complicated. 

Firstly, I noticed that the final function was of this form: 

Anyway, I found likely candidates for this in the code in three places: 

Note that I'm not opposing this feature. I like it, I'd want it myself. Just providing a viable alternative :) 

Method: I took the code over here and started building upon it. 

... except that that's more or less just about shopping recommendations on SU. Now that we've expanded, can we have a canonical, site-agnostic meta post that details why most recommendation (product/book/software/etc) questions are bad, what defines a "good" recommendation question, and outlines a policy on this? 

That does the following things: 

Mistakes can be fixed by simply reverting the edit and undeleting the answer. 

You know that exhibit that you'd see at the children's science museum? It's a roundish podium thing and you'd press a button. This would start a clock. You were supposed to estimate when a minute passes and then press the button again. The podium would light up to show a clock face and let you know how far off you were. 

This is a pain in the butt. Please don't make us do this. 

User has a history of being active on the website User has a history of being active on the website's meta In addition, I would suggest that in order to use this power, the trusted user would have to add a comment (wait, let me explain before you go recast that downvote!) to explain why this extraordinary action was taken. This also will allow the user to cast a non-binding close vote--If you don't leave a reason, it is a regular vote. If you do, instaclose. 

(super sensitive mod options, like merge, removed!) 

From my closed-as-dupe question where I expound about how awesome this would be: 

A possible workaround may be to increase the number of questions we can have on the front page, like 100 or 200 or something. 

In other words, let the little moleyoutube link take off his spectacles so that this