Most of the religions in this world like Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism etc. teach that you have to work out your salvation. You have to do some good things for other fellows and for God. After you die, your good works and your piety will be measured, and your destiny will be decided based on the assessment. The destiny may be heaven or hell, end of rebirth cycle or continuation of unhappy rebirth etc. One of the meaning of the word "find" is "To come upon or discover by searching or making an effort". To find something requires some effort from the person who is searching for it. 

"Why does someone without sin need to be punished in order to atone for another person's sins?" It's not only the punishment that plays the main role here. 

By faith Abraham, when called to go to a place he would later receive as his inheritance, obeyed and went, even though he did not know where he was going. This seems like a contradiction to the teaching of Saint Paul that all have sinned. 

"Christ died for us" Jesus Christ not only poured out His blood but also gave His life. The death penalty of sin was also paid by Jesus by dying on the cross. It depends on how you interpret the word "perish" in John 3:16. Judgement on those who do not have the Law of Moses nor ever heard the Gospel On the Day of Judgement someone may ask "God, I was never told about Jesus but I was a good person. I helped many people, I never steal or murder!" But God will point out all their secret sins and that no one meets the standard of God. And he said: "Truly I tell you, unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven. (Matthew 18:3, NIV) 

Is the view of guaranteed salvation for infants unjust? Not entirely. 

I totally agree with David Stratton and I want to add some more on Faith and Work. Therefore, it is fair and just to assert that children who died young before committing any sin will go to Heaven but adults can go to Heaven only by believing in Jesus Christ. "You cannot save yourself from sin and death, you need God to do that for you". 

It is undeniable that no one can live a perfect sinless life like Jesus. When we receive Jesus(i.e. born again), what exactly happens spiritually and physically? Our body remains the same, we are still struggling with sin(though it has reduced to some extend). What is the essence of New Creation? Is it a 'change of heart'? or 'change of character'? or 'rebirth of spirit'? How can we identify or know that something has changed? To what degree of 'change' is counted as a new creation? What is being created new here? It may be difficult to explain but attempts must have been made. The wages of sin is death (Romans 6:23) All have sinned (Romans 3:23) All must die because all have sinned (Romans 5:12) "Sin entered the world through one man" Sin is like a deadly disease which infected the first man Adam and the effect continued down to all generations. There was no death before the fall of man in the garden of Eden. When Adam and Eve disobeyed God and ate the fruit from the tree in the middle of the garden, sin entered the world and death along with it, for the wages of sin is death. Man is now sinful and cannot be with God. "The blood of Christ is the remedy for sins" Man cannot create a cure from sin. Man cannot do anything to stop sinning. Only God can cure us from our sickness. The medicine to cure sin and death is the Blood of Jesus Christ the Son of God. Only the blood of Christ can cleanse us from all sins. No wonder why the Apostles' Creed states "Jesus descended into hell". It's the blood of Christ which can wash away our sins and make us perfect like Jesus Christ. It's the resurrection of Christ which gives us victory over death. It's the wounds of Christ which give us healing. It's the punishments received by Christ which liberates us from the eternal punishment of Hell. The whole idea is, 

The "Narrow way to Heaven", in contrast, is difficult to choose because our sinful nature always drag us towards the world. Following Jesus requires carrying your own cross, run your own race, obeying the word of God. Many people know this way but are not willing to choose it and go through it. Instead, many people love this world so much and can't just let go of it. Still, many people are blinded by Satan and choose to believe lies and false religions. However, the Bible tells us that we are going to be judged according to what we have done, not what we haven't commit. 

Now how can we reconcile with the fact that God is just? By faith Enoch was taken from this life, so that he did not experience death: “He could not be found, because God had taken him away.” For before he was taken, he was commended as one who pleased God. Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. (John 14:6, NIV) 

"The Law cannot save us" God gave the Ten Commandments in the past but it did not promise salvation, it promised only blessings. The Gospel of Jesus Christ alone can give salvation.