1)That it is not possible to care about big and small problems simultaneously. It is more complicated than a merely instrumental/metaphysical division. The "logics as mere instruments" were not meaningful until well into the 20th century, after the general disillusionment in foundationalist epistemologies, and the subsequent pluralism of formal systems and interpretations. Originally, Logic meant the study of Logos, reason, its laws, how it functions, etc., the meaning closer to what we now call epistemology. This is how Plato, Spinoza, Leibniz, Kant, Hegel, Peirce, Husserl, etc. understood Logic, and it is closer to what is now called epistemology, although "logic" is still used in the old sense by some continental philosophers (Adorno, Deleuze). When Boole, De Morgan and Peirce produced first logical algebras they were just formalizing some aspects of that grand Logic, not shattering it into multiple mini-logics. Indeed, the logicism of Frege and Russell, the idea of a universal logical shell, was a derivative of this grand meaning, only they dreamed, along with Leibniz, that human reason, or the scientific side of it at least, could actually be formalized wholesale. In Carnap's late version of logicism, following the foundational crises in both physics and mathematics, this universal shell was already shattered into multiple "linguistic frameworks", but still with the analytic/synthetic distinction left in place. The best attempt to realize the logicism program was Russell and Whitehead's book Principia Mathematica. However, after Gödel's results on incompleteness the program came to be viewed as a dead end, and was largely abandoned. Later, Quine argued convincingly that the analytic/synthetic distinction itself, even in a revised form adopted by logical positivists, can not be maintained at all. According to Quine, all knowledge, including the laws of logic, is synthetic, and ultimately empirical, this dealt a further blow to logicism. Although it is no longer believed that "all of mathematics" reduces to logic, the modern mathematical logic is much closer to Frege's conception of logic than to Kant's or Locke's.