Moreover, the “categorical imperatives” in ethics, including “do not kill”, invariably lead to “wrong” conclusions resulting in growing lists of exceptions or sophistic distinctions like the Thomist doctrine of double effect. The latter attempts to distinguish between forseeable harmful side effects of bringing about a good end, and harmful means of bringing about the same good end. The distinction turns on whether one merely foresees killing 1 person in the process of saving 5, or intends to kill the said 1 to save the said 5. Many see this as a distinction without a difference, along with its sister distinction between acts and omissions. Mackie in Ethics characterizes both as artificial, and explains how moral dilemmas undermine the idea of absolute commands in general: 

The Kantian criterion of ethical is whether one would wish such behavior to become generally practiced (there are delicate differences between "wish" and "will", which I leave out). 

Kant himself talks not as much of intuition being the medium of representing particulars ("undifferentiated manifold of sensation" is more of that for the sensory cognition) as of individual intuitions as particulars there represented. The intuition/concept duality is explicitly analogized in the Amphiboly of Concepts of Reflection to Aristotle's matter/form. So it is as hard to put a finger on what intuitions by themselves are as on what Aristotle's prime matter/pure potentiality might be, divested of all form. In CPR A68/B93 we read that "whereas all intuitions, as sensible, rest on affections, concepts rest on functions", which suggests that intuitions might be akin to what is now called "qualia", but without the subjective/psychological connotation. However, as Pippin remarks in Kant on Empirical Concepts, the role of intuitions remains murky. He does try to offer a reconstruction: 

But on this score we have a response from a modern neo-Kantian, Michael Friedman, and his theory of relativized a priori (anticipated already by logical positivists, like Reichenbach), see What are the more complex/interesting examples of synthetic a priori statements? and Are there necessary truths in physical theories, more or less strictly speaking? 

This sounds very Wittgensteinian, but Kant's concepts are also very private. In all three Critiques the action takes place entirely in the private mind of a private individual confronting her private manifold of sensation. It is interesting that the conventional relativization of Kant makes it worse. If the a priori are concepts and are acquired (on a longer time scale), then how are they acquired (and communicated)? Kant did not offer a working account of new concept formation, Pippin analyzes his attempts in Kant on Empirical Concepts, perhaps this was one reason why he made his a priori so absolute. 

There is an unbroken chain of tradition from Kant to all major currents in the philosophy of science. As for demarcation, Kant's standard was far stricter than even Popper's. For example, he called chemistry "systematic art or experimental doctrine but not a proper science", and infamously opined that empirical psychology will never become a science because introspection data is too garbled and ephemeral. Only that which could structure experience according to synthetic a priori principles in a mathematical form (i.e. mathematical physics) deserved the name of (natural) science. He somewhat softened his stance in late years, willing to find a place for chemistry as a kind-of-science in light of Lavoisier's work however. I still suspect that not even modern biology, let alone soft sciences, would pass Kant's muster. 

Indeed, the parallelism between the two tables in CPR is rather transparent. The "principle" Kant claims distinguishes him from Aristotle, who "merely picked them up as they occurred to him", and provides the warrant of completeness to the categories, is in using the table of forms to derive the table of categories. But the former is ostensibly derived from syllogistic predication, not unlike Aristotle's, concepts being essentially identified with predicates. Peirce, after he learned of de Morgan's logic of relations and himself discovered detachable quantifiers, had to scrap his original list of categories, and start from scratch, see Murphey's Development of Peirce's Philosophy. 

6) Therefore, I perceive persisting objects in space outside me by reference to which I can determine the temporal order of my experiences. (1–5) 

The terminology of hypothetical and categorical imperatives is rather specific to Kant. Roughly, hypothetical imperatives give commands conditioned on one’s purposes (if you wish to succeed in life study hard, etc.), while categorical imperatives are unconditional, absolute. The problem with authentic examples is that according to Kant “There is therefore only a single categorical imperative, and it is this: act only according to that maxim through which you can at the same time will that it become a universal law”. But Kant clearly does not distinguish between ethics and meta-ethics (principles for selecting ethical principles), a distinction to which modern philosophy became sensitivized by developments in logic and semantics in the early 20th century, and his “single categorical imperative” is a meta-ethical principle. Using the term loosely, all irreducible absolute commands of ethics proper are “categorical imperatives”. For example, so are the ten commandments of Judaism and Christianity, and their analogs in other religions. Kant’s implication is that all such absolute commands reduce to his universalizable maxims, and only they do. His reasoning to that effect is long-winded, our Philip Klöcking does his best to explain it here.