Now, if you've already got that covered, before you go changing everything on your bike and possibly the bike itself, you need to work on positioning and technique. Here's three key things to work on to improve your climbing: Do a search for mountain bike cornering and a search for road bike cornering. Notice how centered the road riders are compared to the mountain bikers. One of the big reasons for the "lean the bike" advice is to engage the more aggressive side knobs on a mountain bike tire. On a road bike this is not necessary. With a mountain bike you spend a lot of time skirting the line of traction. You lose it and regain it often. Many of the techniques for cornering on a mountain bike are to keep you on the traction side of that line and to recover without crashing when you cross it. Many of these techniques aren't applicable on a road bike, where in most cases you either have traction or you've just crashed. No. The advice on weighting of the pedals and the bars stays the same. Drop the outside pedal and weight it primarily, weight the inside handlebar. Note that the primary reason that you're weighting the inside bar is to initiate countersteer. The ability to carry some form of front luggage is very useful. This could be a front rack or handlebar bag. I can squeeze a pannier onto the rack under my rear seat, but it's behind the back axle and makes the handling even worse. Conversely a front bag actually helps with the weight distribution, as does a well-balanced pair of front panniers. You might then be able to wrap it round your top tube, because there would be a lot less to fit in there - and it would makes shouldering the bike more pleasant. You can also lash a sleeping mat vertically to the backpack reducing drag. I suspect that the MTB touring you've seen isn't as heavily loaded as the road/trail touring you've ridden. Reading your "on a child carrier" as meaning a seat mounted to the bike, you have a few options: Examples are for illustration only. Sorry they're only links but image licensing is a pain. Panniers also add quite a bit of width where you don't want it on narrow trails. Typical bikepacking bags are narrower and often higher. Front seats. I've only mentioned these in case you don't know about them and to get them out of the way. One issue is heel clearance. You can normally sort this out but not with large panniers especially with big feet. You could consider a self-inflating mat (e.g. thermarest) though when I looked at them they were expensive and heavier than my alternative: A foam mat only needs to reach from you shoulders to your hips if it's not too cold.