There are many other divergences, I'll mention one of particular interest to me. In the Second Analogy Kant gives a notorious transcendental argument for the a priori status of strict causality as condition of the possibility of our forming temporal succession of events (since they come with no time labels attached). Husserl's analysis of perception shows instead that the "now", like "sense data", is an ex post facto abstraction. In perception we instead encounter the "specious present" (the idea likely coming from James, along with the "stream of consciousness"), a short but dynamic duration with markers that explicitly link it to neighboring durations in the time succession, like coming and going notes in the apprehension of a melody (this was also confirmed by empirical psychology). Thus Husserl again grants us an immediately holistic grasp, however obscure and fleeting, this time of becoming. This removes another issue that caused Kant much grief (in his theory of free will), the necessity of unbreakable causal chains. 

Putnam certainly deserves credit for the colorful realization, but philosophically brain in a vat/isolated brain issues are traced back (including by SEP) to Cartesian evil demon , which predates not only Putnam, the Matrix and other modern implementations of non-stop hallucinations, but even 1812 and Frankenstein. Even before Descartes Avicenna's Floating Man thought experiment imagined an "isolated mind" scenario, although not for the purpose of pervasive deception of demon-fooled or envatted brains, but rather for another Cartesian purpose, disembodied minds, with a man 

This is less explicitly embraced by other non-reductivists, see e.g. 1950-2000 historical survey in Burge's Foundations of Mind (Ch.20). 

This argument is a variation on what Kitcher calls the "rational psychologist's fallacy" in Kant's Transcendental Psychology. It is a particular case of the argument from ignorance fallacy, and was addressed already by Kant in Critique of Pure Reason. In the OP version of the argument the fallacious reasoning is rolled into using premise 3. Sensations, perceptions and thoughts are effects implemented by something, and one can not move from description of effects to conclusions about the nature of something that implements them, unless one actually knows how they can be implemented. So "not extended, have no shape nor definite locations" are no more relevant than the same statements about say heat or beauty. 

Hacker's Human Nature places the theory of volition in the conceptual context of modern philosophy and science. He summarizes Wittgenstein's response to the meta-argument (Wittgenstein was influenced by Schopenhauer on the will issue) as follows (pp. 148-152): 

The microtubules play a role similar to that of the pineal gland in the Cartesian mind-body dualism: the place where the ghost attaches to the machine. The idea that they seem to be one place in the brain where the quantum gravity might manifest was proposed by Hameroff and enthusiastically promoted by Penrose, the resulting fusion is called the Orch-OR model. This model makes a number of (in principle) testable predictions. 

If we reject the Gödelian argument, but still accept that classical physics is incapable of generating "consciousness", then quantum (gravity) effects can be taken to be the source of it by an inference to the best explanation (available). This does not, however, restore the Gödelian conclusion. Even if Penrose's "orchestrated objective reduction" in the microtubules has something to do with "consciousness" it is hard to see why those should necessarily give one means to outperform the Turing machine. It seems possible that conscious mind does not function computationally, but still can not outperform the Turing machine on computational tasks. Indeed, if the philosophical zombies are possible, as many proponents of irreducible intentionality and qualia believe, and they are bound by the Church-Turing thesis, then so will be any empirical performance by their conscious counterparts. So to keep both conclusions Penrose either needs to deny that even zombies are bound by the Church-Turing thesis, which would defeat the purpose since his whole point is that the Turing machine gets beaten through the intervention of "consciousness", or to join Dennett in denying the possibility of philosophical zombies.