To get an overview of the actual argument deployed in TD and also get a better grasp on how TD fits into Kant's broader project, you may read a very good summary from a philosophy course at UC Davis. A unified sensory experience can only possibly be accounted for if the categories apply to that sensory experience. [Insert complex/puzzling justification of claim (1) here…] Since we do perceive that kind of unified experience, the categories do in fact apply to our sensory experience. With Hume against Hume In order to understand Kant's philosophical move, TD must be set against Hume's empiricist psychological theory. Hume denied that apriori concepts could correctly apply to objects featured in experience, because only concepts (Hume: ideas) deriving from sensory experiences (Hume: impressions) can actually apply to the objects in our experience. Apriori concepts lack such a connection and therefore, according to Hume, fail to apply to the objects of experience - they lack objective validity. Practical sciences are less contentious, at least as regards their range. These deal with conduct and action, both individual and societal. Practical science thus contrasts with theoretical science, which seeks knowledge for its own sake, and, less obviously, with the productive sciences, which deal with the creation of products external to sciences themselves. Both politics and ethics fall under this branch. (Warning, this is a very idiosyncratic answer, and my favorite topic...) So Unity wins, it can be a category. Synthesis cannot. (An example of where they conflict: By the continuous standard you can estimate seventeen women from the neolithic era reproduced for every man, from a more 'punctuated' point of view, it is more likely three, with mass eradications of whole nations of men at regular intervals that left the corresponding women with heirs. This is the downside of patrilineality...) I would suggest that what we perceive as quantum indeterminacy is, in fact, time flowing backward often, but by a very small amount, in an way constrained locally by the wave 'shapes' of the particles involved. If this happened too much, we would perceive way-too-much of the universe as random, so we must inhabit a 'timeline' where time progresses forward in general, away from some point of very low entropy. But the pressure that makes it do so could be imperfect, and allow for temporal eddies to arise constantly. (This model is basically Boltzmann's theory of the universe as a deep entropy well, favoring the second law of thermodynamics as a trend rather than a rule.) The transition from Newtonian to Relativistic notions of space in Astronomy is such a paradigm shift. Newtonian physics did not accommodate our measures of light's speed. So various things had to be shifted to accommodate this. This happened pretty cleanly, but other such transitions were not as quick. The retained narratives become what you are modeling as intuition, as only retained material can incorporate parts of itself into the contending narratives currently in play. But it needs enough specificity to be generalized. You are not obligated to help people. There are situations in which you do not need help, would not appreciate it, and it might make you dependent or less efficient. You are not obligated not to hurt people. There are situations when hurting people is necessary -- Kant would not refuse to perform surgery. Whatever rules should guide you in these situations are going to rely more on what kind of help or harm is in question. it is important to stress that this is exactly not Kant's point. The opposite is the case: TD itself is the verification! – The "proof" that his categories apply to the objects of experience is exactly what Kant tries to achieve through TD. Kant was acquainted with so-called natural history his time, i.e. the work of Linnaeus and Buffon. Kant introduced an important distinction between "description of nature" (Naturbeschreibung) and "history of nature" (Naturgeschichte). Only the second can aspire to be science proper. As Kant writes, Finally, then, the productive sciences are mainly crafts aimed at the production of artefacts, or of human productions more broadly construed. The productive sciences include, among others, ship-building, agriculture, and medicine, but also the arts of music, theatre, and dance. Another form of productive science is rhetoric, which treats the principles of speech-making appropriate to various forensic and persuasive settings, including centrally political assemblies. This paper contains a more detailed discussion: The argument in TD runs as follows: Kant's Die Metaphysik der Sitten (The Metaphysics of Morals, 1797), on the other side, is concerned with applied or empirical practical reason, which includes virtues and vices, foundations of law and politics. Your understanding of transcendental deduction (TD) is much broader than how Kant actually employs the term in his Critique of Pure Reason (CPR). TD is a much smaller step in Kant's outline of his transcendental philosophy. Against this position, Kant employes TD to prove that certain apriori concepts do correctly apply to objects featured in our experience, i.e. that such apriori concepts have objective validity after all. In doing so, Kant doesn't counter Hume's point, he actually concedes that apriori concepts cannot be derived from sensory experiences. He does, however, object to Hume's conclusion that a priori concepts therefore cannot apply to the objects of experience at all. To block this conclusion, Kant needs to show that there's another, non-empirical way in which apriori concepts can correctly apply to experience and achieve objective validity. This alternative way is through a transcendental argument, see the outline above. So this is just a disagreement as to what flavor of 'general' is most objective, and either side relies upon a strong injection of the 'Copernican' ideal, but in different forms. I would suggest that what we perceive as quantum indeterminacy is, in fact, time flowing backward often, but by a very small amount, in an way constrained locally by the wave 'shapes' of the particles involved. If this happened too much, we would perceive way-too-much of the universe as random, so we must inhabit a 'timeline' where time progresses forward in general, away from some point of very low entropy. But the pressure that makes it do so could be imperfect, and allow for temporal eddies to arise constantly. (This model is basically Boltzmann's theory of the universe as a deep entropy well, favoring the second law of thermodynamics as a trend rather than a rule.) The proposed maxim is naturally universal, once you state it completely, specifying the role of the person who is to do the action. If you do it the other way, you are simply doing a different dance. In fact simple definitions and logical tautologies are always immediately universal. So they basically lack ethical content.