Physics deals with that which is in motion and is material. Mathematics deals with that which is material and is not in motion [∵ mathematical objects do not move or change, but they are abstracted from physical objects, which do move or change] Metascience deals with that which is not in motion nor is material. (cf. §II of his De Trinitate) For a good comparison between Aristotle and Archimedes, see pp. 11-15 of: "Chaotic" differential equations are very simple principles compared to the more complex consequences of them. But what does this really mean? For example, the equations modeling the motion of a double-pendulum, , are relatively simple compared to the "chaotic" consequences of these equations: Are mythological stories scientific explanations? The question of the division of the sciences has a long history. the ancient atomists Descartes (with his res extensa, "extended substance") Newton (with his geometric substance, which he endowed with divine attributes) For a discussion on the plenum and the vacuum according to the ancient atomists, and how they were ulta-realists about the reality of absolute space, see P. Duhem's Système du monde, vol. 1, pp. 33-5 or D. Nys's La notion d'espace, ch. 1. This is what I was taught the scientific method was in high school. If that is the version you are after, skip ahead to the second part, which explicitly targets that reading. Or you can just relabel everything FribbleMoose, and find out whether FribbleMoose or PathosDingbat or any other random word choice you please is applicable to your scenario. However, if it "happens to be" a straight line, that sure as heck makes the rest of our jobs easier! Related to this, the scientific method strives to be objective. It always tries to remove the observer from the picture. This is very valuable, because it ensures that your discoveries are applicable to others. However, it also proves to be tricky in many situations. Social studies in particular have great difficulties with the scientific method because it is so very difficult to make good tests that keep the observer out of the loop. As an example, TCM claims that acupuncture works. Those who have tried it, claim it works with uncanny success. However, science has had fits trying to find any effect of acupuncture beyond the infamous cop-out "the placebo effect." The issue is that it is almost impossible to develop an effective control to measure against because the acupuncture practitioner knows if they are doing it right or not. Whether you believe acupuncture works or not depends heavily on whether you accept results which lack a solid control to ensure objectivity. To cut to the chase, Hume is canonical reference here, and you are quite correct that we only perceive effects, and not causes, and that there is no rigorous way for us to identify what we mean by a cause except circularly through reference to the effects. I fear I may not have made my point clearly enough, so let me try again. Perception Inference Analogy Authority Now, with this in mind, let us take a case where you have a number of scientific studies with conflicting results, and you wish to form an opinion as to which is most reliable. Which of the aforementioned warrants could be used to lend credence to one or another study? Inference and Analogy could be useful for following individual claims, but at the same time, inferences and analogies are going to necessarily be based upon a process of reasoning from things you already believe to be true, which puts you in danger (as you point out) of confirmation bias.