Peter Cole comments in What I Learned in the Poverty Wars: 

Vote or refrain from voting for or against a particular person. 

It will not be too strong to say, that there will be a constant probability of seeing the station filled by characters pre-eminent for ability and virtue. 

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell recently invoked this law Washington Examiner: 

Divining motivations is tricky. Without explicit statements of the individuals, or testimony from those close to them that know them well, we are guessing. And even then, statements or testimony may not be the truth or the entire truth. 

We also have the Tenth Amendment that reads: 

The 276 footnote link is broken, but I have reproduced it here. 

What was the greatest number of faithless electors that the US experienced in voting for President in any historical election for the modern era (FDR--to present)? And how many faithless electors would Hillary Clinton need to win given she wins New Hampshire and Donald Trumps has already won Michigan? 

This is reflected in his later fears about the types of people who could potentially become president. He worries that corrupted individuals could potentially be elected president, particularly those who are either more directly associated with a foreign state, or individuals who do not have the capacity to run the country. The former is covered by Article II, Section 1, v of the United States Constitution, while the latter is covered by Hamilton in Federalist 68, noting that the person who will become president will have to be a person who contains the faculties necessary to become president, stating that, 

There is a strict separation of powers, horizontally and vertically. The government is run by officers governing for a term and only during good behavior. Offices are selected by our election, and not by the appointment of the government itself. The government recognizes that power resides originally in the People (immediately from God). 

The linked article goes to great lengths to demonstrate the vitriol the first Republican president faced in office. It's worth a read in its entirety. It's also worth noting that seven states seceded from the Union after his election but before his swearing in. 

Pretty simple question actually. I'm just wondering which President was the most overturned statistically at the Supreme Court since FDR? 

Increase the accountability of Federal education programs to the President, the Congress, and the public. 

Sudan (al Qaeda haven) and Iran and Syria These countries are states that sponsor terrorism as defined by the US State department. Being so designated points to difficulties in partnering with them on proper vetting. Also they can be home to al Qaeda and other terrorist groups, like Sudan is. 

The little used procedure (it's only been successfully used once Wiki) McConnell is referring to is the Congressional Review Act, introduced back during the Clinton era as part of the Contract With America. It was put forward as a tool to protect small businesses from onerous government regulations which they would generally lack the resources to fight. It is employed by getting a joint resolution from both the House and the Senate which defines a particular rule enacted by an executive branch agency and essentially invalidates it. It's subject to veto, and to veto-overrides. 

There is a strict separation of powers, horizontally and vertically. The government is run by officers governing for a term and only during good behavior. Offices are selected by our election, and not by the appointment of the government itself. The government recognizes that power resides originally in the People (immediately from God). There is a deliberativeness in action and that it is, by the checks and balances, not subject to the whimsical fancy of a few. 6. The government acknowledges the final right of the People to alter or abolish it whenever it usurps the rights for which it was instituted by the People to administer God’s Law. 

For example, Iran blew up the AMIA building in Argentina killing some 85 people in just one event. That would have spiked your results. 

Iraq-Fighting ISIS Fox News reports about actual terrorists coming from Iraq last year. 

CBS News found other examples of the failed Iraqi vetting process. 

Obviously some of the laws and cases will predate the administration that may need to defend them. 

Constitutions of 15 States acknowledged the right of the People to alter or abolish the existing government when it becomes destructive to the ends for which it was instituted. See Pennsylvania Const. of 1873, Art. I, § 2; Maryland Const. of 1867, Dec. of Rights, Art. I; Virginia Const. of 1902, Art. I, § 3; Alabama Const. of 1865, Art. I, § 2; Arkansas Const. of 1874, Art. II, § 1; Idaho Const. of 1889, Art. I, § 2; Kansas Const. of 1858, Art. I, § 2; Kentucky Const. of 1890, Bill of Rights, § 4; Ohio Const. of 1851, Art. I, § 2; Oregon Const. of 1857, Art. I, § 1; Tennessee Const. of 1870, Art. I, § 1; Texas Const. of 1876, Art. I, § 2; Vermont Const. of 1793, c. 1, Art. 7; West Virginia Const. of 1872, Art. 3, § 3; Wyoming Const. of 1889, Art. I, § 1. Some 24 other States have, or have had, slightly varying forms of the same provision. See New Hampshire Const., Pt. I, Art. 10; Massachusetts Const., Part the First, Article VII; Connecticut Const., Article First, § 2; New Jersey Const., Art. I, 2; Delaware Const., Preamble; North Carolina Const., Art. I, § 3; South Carolina Const., Art. 1, § 1; Rhode Island Const., Art. I, § 1; California Const., Art. I, § 2; Colorado Const., Art. II, § 2; Florida Const., Dec. of Rights, § 2; Indiana Const., Art. I, § 1; Iowa Const., Art. I, § 2; Maine Const., Art. I, § 2; Michigan Const. of 1835, Art. I, § 2; Minnesota Const., Art. I, § 1; Mississippi Const., Art. 3, § 6; Missouri Const., Art. I, § 3; Montana Const., Art. III, § 2; Nevada Const., Art. I, § 2; North Dakota Const., Art. I, § 2; Oklahoma Const., Art. II, § 1; South Dakota Const., Art. VI, § 26; Utah Const., Art. I, § 2.12