is the Polish hussar armor of late 17 century, very long time after the introduction of firearms. 

For example, Mongols, in their many sieges forced the local population not only to work but also to fight for them, take part in the siege. Others could be captured and enslaved. But in general their policy was to kill those inside the castle who resisted when the castle was taken, rather than villagers outside. Villagers can be robbed, taxed or otherwise exploited, why to kill them? 

This is Victor of Vita, 429 a.d., describing Vandals invasion of Africa. Christian writer, of course. 

I do not have access to NKVD files, whatever they say, but the story is well documented in the literature, including the Russian literature (memoirs of Russian soldiers). One especially good source is memoirs of Lev Kopelev, a Russian author, who tried to protest and was imprisoned for his protests (see Wikipedia). There are many other memoirs of Russian soldiers. 

This Wikipedia artile gives a survey of the subject and some English references: 

Of course some local exceptions happen. There was no war on Canadian territory since 1812 (but Canada participated in overseas wars). Switzerland or Iceland probably did not participate in any wars for centuries. 

People kill each other in many other ways (crime, death penalty, etc.) but I suppose you are asking about wars. In primitive societies where there is no legal system as we understand it, the difference between wars and crime can be fuzzy. 

The victims of rape were not only Germans but also foreigners of all nations, people displaced by war for various reasons, including camp inmates. Same happened not only on the enemy territory but also on the territory of the allies, like Yugoslavia. On Yugoslavia, the best source is the memoirs of Milovan Djilas (Memoir of a Revolutionary, 1973, see Wikipedia) who was a top communist Yugoslav politician at that time. 

EDIT. On the discussion in comments about "when was the world globalized". It is well known that the major source of food for ancient Rome was Egypt. And sometimes this was reason for major wars. 

But it was too expensive to provide soldiers with it. So they limited themselves with helmets. 

I suppose you are asking about people who lived in the immediate vicinity and who were subjects of the castle owners. Normally they would be admitted and hide in the castle, with their movable belongings. (After all, these people were providing income for the castle owner). The villages around the castle were normally burned by the besieger, or by the castle owner (to prevent the besieger from using them). Those who did not hide in the castle would either escape and hide somewhere, or stay. Those who stay were not necessarily killed, instead they could be forced to work for the besieger, or just taxed.