The case where the person regrets their wording and deletes the comment before anyone sees them is a less likely than other people flagging and moderators deleting. It might even be possible to believe that getting the person chastised isn't needed since they have removed the comment themselves. (You assume that having "got away with it" they will go on to do worse in the future. Consider the possibility that they regret it, recognize their mistake, and clean up their own mess.) Nevertheless, you can still flag and ask someone to make a note of the original offense, which may be useful in future if this user displays a pattern of bad behaviour. If I see the comments, even though they are not directed at me, I will flag them, because I don't want that material on the site. This is one reason they might be gone by the time you follow the notification. 

If you see the comments, whether directly on the post or indirectly in a cached notification, then you are hurt by that and want to be sure the writer of the comments is held to account for them. Flag the post and say there were offensive comments there, and you're flagging just in case the offender is the one who deleted them. An important note for me is that the primary purpose of flagging objectionable material is to have that material removed from the site, not to have the posters of the material disciplined. Some users repeatedly step over the lines, and in that case having a record of previous offenses has some value. But the primary value is to remove the material. If I can see it still, that may support the secondary purpose of disciplining repeat offenders, but at the cost of the primary purpose -- I'm still seeing the mess, and that's not right. (I find it astonishing that you used the word "fortunately" to describe seeing an insulting and disgusting comment, deleted already, because of cached notifications. To my mind, that is anything but fortunate.) 

I would like to see a review queue for flagged comments. 10K users could (perhaps with a majority 2 out of 3 or 3 out of 5) agree that a comment is obsolete, chatty, or offtopic: flags that don't require moderator action beyond removing the comment. (Rude or offensive flags might prompt a moderator to contact a user, so those flags should be left for moderator attention, and "other" could be anything so it too should be left for moderators.) 

I understand that comment deletion cannot be undone. But that is true whether a moderator does it or a group of 10Ks does. And comments are designed to be ephemeral. If there really is a problem, let's get it tackled. 

If you come across an obsolete comment, flag it as such. I'll often flag a whole collection that look like this: 

The one use case for low-rep users to comment is that they might want to ask for clarification on a question before answering it. I think even that scenario is suspect. IMO, you can't really "ask for clarification" correctly as a complete newcomer to the site. Is this question a duplicate? Is this question mis-tagged? Is this a FGITW tag like C# where half the world's population will see it in the next 30 seconds, or is it more a Windows-Error-Reporting kinda thing where you have roughly two weeks, maybe three, before you might be gazumped? While you're typing a comment like "what version of Visual Studio are you using?" have three other people copied-and-pasted their standard "For Visual Studio 2010, do X, and for Visual Studio 2008, do Y" answer? You won't know till you've been here a while. Your only hope is to look for questions that can be answered as they stand. All of us did, somehow. 

You seem to use and interpret SE very differently from most of its users. Certainly from me. Some points (the bolded text below is a literal answer to your title question): In contrast, comments like "actually I don't think that's possible" or "here's a related question that isn't a duplicate but might help you" (on a question) or "this answer is obsolete and does not work with the latest version" (on an answer) should NEVER be deleted and should not become answers either. 

The queue should show the question and all its comments, highlighting the flagged ones, to make it easy to "agree to delete" many comments at a time, yet also easy to copy and paste the comments if you wanted to edit them into the question. Something like you see all the comments at once (whether flagged or not, perhaps the flagged ones have a button to vote-to-delete) and then you go down the list skipping the ones you want to keep and clicking delete on the ones that should go, and then click I'm done. 

If you feel somebody is wrong on the Internet post your own answer, add one comment to the answer you think is wrong pointing out what's wrong, downvote it and then move on. Do not have a conversation in the comments and do not try to fix everyone you meet. You'll be happier and so will the people you're trying to fix. 

I suspect this queue would spend most of its time empty, like all the queues except Close Votes. Badges for flagging a thousand comments (and loss of flagging privileges if the reviewers disagree with you) should ensure it continues to get new items added for review.