Targeting an indefinite upward trend on velocity is a "project smell" that the velocity metric is being misused or misunderstood. Expecting such a trend is often a symptom of management's desire to press a "go faster" button without respecting the sustainable-capacity limits of a project or team. Getting Consensus Sometimes getting consensus is hard. That's why planning poker uses time-boxing, so that consensus-building doesn't take infinite time. Remember, you can also call on the Product Owner to clarify stories, decompose stories, or swap out stories for something else on the Product Backlog. Some level of consensus should always be possible. Hard Requirements for Agile Contracts In my opinion, the only truly fixed requirements of an agile contract are that the contract must: 

Some options for compromise include: An accepted axiom of agile planning is that story points are a measure of relative size (not time). The estimates are often wrong in the specific, but in the statistical aggregate they approach a "good enough" number for planning purposes and scheduling control. 

Estimate your initial project backlog in story points. Sum all the story points; that's your numerator. Use the mean of your historical or guesstimated velocity as your denominator. Divide your story points by your velocity to get the number of sprints you expect will be needed. Multiply the number of sprints by 40 hours per week per team member to get your labor cost. Add capital costs, equipment costs, maintenance costs, training costs, or other items that might be charged against the project. Report the final total as a range with formal or informal confidence intervals. This method gives a reasonable picture of the planned budget while still computing the Project Backlog in story points. This method doesn't rely on any awkward or misleading points ↔ hours conversions. Agile projects are still constrained by the iron triangle. You cannot contractually constrain a project in all dimensions (e.g. time, scope, and cost) simultaneously and still expect success. Because agility is about embracing change, I personally recommend leaving scope as the unfixed dimension. 

Yes, the Product Owner needs to be present at all scoping and planning sessions. 

Some External References Some places you might start researching the current body of thought on this issue include: Basic Example Without Statistics Assume you have 20 user stories in your backlog, and a Scrum Team of 6 people including the Scrum Master and Product Owner. Each story is estimated at 5 story points, and your historical average velocity is 10 story points per sprint. 

TL;DR For agile projects, a basic formula for estimating budget is: In Scrum, you should be producing a shippable increment at the end of each Sprint. As a result, contracts based on a per-sprint or shippable increment basis are a great substitute for fixed-price contracts. 

Options for Compromise With the Product Owner Sometimes the problem is the story being estimated. A key point here is that all stories must be estimated to see if they fit within the current sprint, but the stories you estimate don't have to be verbatim copies of the current Product Backlog items. 

Should the story be two points, or thirteen? That's up to the team. Maybe the whole story is really 13 points overall, or the team discusses it and realizes that the story really ought to be 21 points once they factor in the need for an emergency medical team to be kept on standby. Then again, perhaps the team decides to reduce uncertainty by switching in a five-point Vorpal Sword story as a prerequisite, which reduces the Jabberwock story to only eight points in the next sprint. TL; DR Story points represent consensus within the team. The goal of estimating story points is not to provide the largest or smallest estimate, but to accurately reflect the effort required by the entire team to meet the "definition of done." 

The Product Owner must be involved. No changes in planned scope can be made without the involvement of the Product Owner. Changes to the Sprint Goal may only be made with the full agreement of the Product Owner. The Sprint Goal represents a planned increment of value, so the Development Team can't change the Sprint Goal unilaterally. A change in the Sprint Goal should trigger an Early Termination by the Product Owner and a return to Sprint Planning. If the central goal of a Sprint is invalidated for some reason, it needs to be scrapped and re-planned by the entire Scrum Team (including the Product Owner) after a brief Sprint Retrospective to identify what went wrong. In short, the Development Team may not cut scope or change goals without the active participation of the Product Owner. Doing so undermines the core responsibilities of the Product Owner role, and removes essential project controls from the framework.