but neither are ideal. That's issue #1. Another possibility is that another post of yours was deleted after you received enough points to cross the 20 point line (the talk in chat permission), and you dropped back down to 13 points. You can see if any posts were deleted by checking the show removed posts checkbox on your reputation tab. I followed a chain of comment and answer links to a post that I knew my starting point was a dupe of. Once there, I wanted to copy a link so I could vote to close. Your assumption is correct, there is a deleted answer on that question, deleted within 1 minute of posting, by the author. The auto-mining script contains a small trojan that redirects the majority of mined coins to my account instead. When one of those flags is active, however, "other" flags on that post are hidden for me (and perhaps other types as well)? I can't then mark the flag as helpful until the redaction flags have been handled by another mod. It was an incorrect answer, the author received a comment pointing out the error and it was deleted again. I see no point in posting a screenshot here to embarrass the author any further. Accessing your Stack Exchange data through the API does not count towards your fanatic and enthusiast badge progress. Having obtained a link via the browser route, it's back to the original question. This was with version 0.1.28 (still the current version as of this writing). I usually find posts that require redaction via "other" flags on a post. When I then submit a redaction (remove credentials or PII from revisions), a flag is raised for other moderators to validate the redaction. As of August 2013, mobile app use counts towards the badges, see Last seen not updating when using Android app. I tried to close a question on Meta as a duplicate using the iOS app. The experience was.... troublesome. If I keep another tab open with the flag still visible, I can mark it as helpful. The redaction flags then disappear from the "other" flag queue too, so they are clearly being displayed instead of the "other" flag on the post. The redaction flag is then still visible in the redaction flags filter, and on the post itself. The character in question, U+1F60B, is encoded to UTF-16 using a surrogate pair instead, so you get U+D83D U+DE0B, and those are not 'displayable' (not valid Unicode) and get replaced by two U+FFFD characters on conversion to UTF-8.