From perfectdartsforum post "Average Dart Weight of the Top 32 PDC Players" average was found to be 22.09 grams. (might have changed so use dartsdatabase.co.uk) Other source: http://dartbrokers.com Mark Melancon and Jared Hughes trying out helmet-type technology for pitchers: From DARTS REGULATION AUTHORITY RULE BOOK: How open pattern affect on-court performance:Source Baseball’s medical director, Dr. Gary Green — a physician and professor of sports medicine at UCLA. And for the chances of such incident happening Dan Diamond author from Forbes article states: Spin: Fewer strings create larger “squares,” grip the ball more, and result in more spin While the technology employed is Hawk-Eye based provided by Hawk-Eye Innovations Limited, to know how it works watch this video. Rackets with more vertical and horizontal strings – e.g. 18 x 20 – are described as having a “dense or closed” pattern, while rackets with less vertical and horizontal strings – e.g. 16 x 18, 16 x 19 – are considered to have an “open” pattern. All these string patterns are most common. As per your question, 16 x 18 and 16 x 19 can be considered as open pattern one and has a difference of one string only. More information: fraunhofer.de, football-technology.fifa At last there will not be significant difference between these two rackets performance wise considering both have same tension. It will ultimately depend on choice of a player, which one he feels comfortable with. But I couldn't find something suggesting 16 x 19 being popular than 16 x 18 pattern racket. Fro dartworld.com post "Helpful Information" String Tension: Lower string tension will result in more power for all string patterns And Braves’ pitcher Alex Torres has worn a padded cap produced by isoBLOX in stints with the Padres and Mets. Feel and Comfort: Open patterns absorb shock better and are more comfortable So, weight limit for darts is 50 grams. Summarizing, open pattern generates more spin than the closed pattern but even for the same pattern spin produce will differ because of tension of strings. Considering both 16 x 18 and 16 x 19 have same tension there will be little variation on produce spin. Even if the two rackets are of same pattern in our case open pattern, tension also plays part in producing spin. Following two figures obtained from the website shows the spin ratio for open pattern with high and low string tension.(For pattern 16 x 18) An article from Tennis Warehouse University has done a research on Spin and String Pattern few important parts summary related with this question are: Brandon McCarthy once tweeted about this topic: Mark Melancon statement afterwards to Pittsburgh Tribune-Review: The watch is the part of Goal Line Technology system, Other Sources: nypost, bleacherreport, espn, mlb, sportsgrid Again, if we look at last few injuries these two equipment also wouldn't have protected much. Even a batting helmet might not prevent those injuries. Source Soft tip darts are measured by weighing the entire dart including the barrel, flight and shaft. The weights being used to play soft tip darts are most commonly 16, 18 and 20 grams and are much lighter than their steel tip counterparts. Originally, soft tip darts needed to be light in weight because the electronic matrix in the vending machine was delicate and couldn’t withstand the impact of a heavy dart. The technology has been greatly improved over the years and the dart weights have increased steadily from the original 12 grams to the current top weight of 20 grams. To start off, Keith Olbermann article mention, pitchers did once wear helmets. In the 1950s, the Pittsburgh Pirates insisted that all their players wear helmets while on the field, though that mandate was soon abandoned when the helmets proved too cumbersome. Under IFAB LAW 1 - THE FIELD OF PLAY, Even if you, say, attached a chin strap to the helmet to better fasten it, like a hockey helmet, or add padding and ear flaps to secure it on the head, Green thinks the extra weight could cause more problems. “If you put a several-pound object on a pitcher’s head, it could interfere with his biomechanics,” Green says. The pitching motion is already prone to injury; if a helmet mucks with it, injuries could increase. “It would be very hard to put helmets on pitchers, given today’s technology” says Green. Which is pretty slim. And it's not that they haven't tried wearing one, You can find about dart information of a player using dartsdatabase.co.uk. At last from article of Time Keeping Score: