(P) All language activities involve the use of words, whether those words are expressed externally (spoken/written) or internally (your internal monologue). (P) Music composition does not involve the the use of words. (Emphasis on music because we are not talking about lyrics and songwriting) (C) Thus, music composition is not a language activity. Magee uses the phrase "without words" to describe a feature of the mental process of composing music; Chomsky follows up with a more concrete picture that there are different kinds/types of mental machinery, and musical composition does not involve the "language machinery" used to process and generate words. The idea, which as far as I can tell is accurate, is that when composers are composing they aren't (for the most part) having an inner dialog, they internally hear the sounds that they want, and then write it down. 

The preceding argument is based just on the local context of the interview; if you take Chomsky's view of language as a whole, you can construct a more general argument. Chomsky's key finding was a set of patterns/rules that (seem to) apply universally to human language. (AFAIK) No one has proposed that these exact same rules manifest in the structure in music, or even that there are close analogs between rules of the "universal grammar" and the patterns/structure of music when examined cross-culturally. Thus, in terms of Chomsky's view of language, music is not a language because it lacks these features. 

In your Bigfoot example, we know that we have observed pretty much the entire surface of the planet--to the extent that we have conducted nearly an exhaustive search for Bigfoot and not found it. Therefore, Bigfoot is very unlikely to exist. Saying that you've seen Bigfoot, therefore, makes about as much sense as saying that bananas are blue and pink, unless you not only state the claim but provide amazingly good evidence of it. 

Anyway, I think it's CogSci's turn to work on this problem for a bit--it's really quite a new area, and we've yet to find out whether it fundamentally upends our intuitive understanding that informed philosophical approaches (as has been the case for the nature of perception), or whether it's a morass of messy facts and data that can be cut through with principled reasoning (i.e. philosophy). Right now my bet's on the former. 

If an idea is an abstraction of a type of thought, then it exists in the sense that a chair exists: particular chairs exist, and one can identify a regularity shared by chairs. But that regularity itself isn't extant; it just tells you how to identify things that are extant. (Thoughts about such a regularity may be extant, just like thoughts about "two" are extant despite there not being a "Two" that exists in the same sense that an apple exists.) One may also wish to identify stored capability to rapidly recall thoughts as "ideas". That seems reasonable, in which case those sorts of ideas act the same way as thoughts: if you have them you have them, and if not you don't. 

Cogito ergo sum works, logically, in a generalized form that philosophical zombies can manage. 

There is empirical support for the existence of qualia: my own mental states usually include features like "perceiving red" etc. I suspect that you find the same to hold for your mental states. In addition people in general report about their mental states in a way that is consistent with all of them having qualia. Thus at the common-sense day to day (i.e. pre-theoretic) level, qualia exist. The main question is whether these apparent qualia are in some way fundamental, or otherwise irreducable to other mental or physical characteristics. (The idea that objects have an intrinsic tendency to slow down in Aristotles' physics seems like a rough analog. everybody sees that this is the case in their day to day lives, but it is not an irreducable feature of a more accurate theory) 

The alignment of a scientific worldview and atheism often come back to the ideas embodied in Russel's teapot or Sagan's Dragon 

Asserting that "I have conscousness but no one else does" has a degree of implausibility similar to that of geocentrism: why, out of all of the (more or less) externally similar human beings does this one (me) have consciousness (i.e. a special place in the universe)? 

The preceding argument is based just on the local context of the interview; if you take Chomsky's view of language as a whole, you can construct a more general argument. Chomsky's key finding was a set of patterns/rules that (seem to) apply universally to human language. (AFAIK) No one has proposed that these exact same rules manifest in the structure in music, or even that there are close analogs between rules of the "universal grammar" and the patterns/structure of music when examined cross-culturally. Thus, in terms of Chomsky's view of language, music is not a language because it lacks these features. 

(P) All language activities involve the use of words, whether those words are expressed externally (spoken/written) or internally (your internal monologue). (P) Music composition does not involve the the use of words. (Emphasis on music because we are not talking about lyrics and songwriting) (C) Thus, music composition is not a language activity. Magee uses the phrase "without words" to describe a feature of the mental process of composing music; Chomsky follows up with a more concrete picture that there are different kinds/types of mental machinery, and musical composition does not involve the "language machinery" used to process and generate words. The idea, which as far as I can tell is accurate, is that when composers are composing they aren't (for the most part) having an inner dialog, they internally hear the sounds that they want, and then write it down.