There are any number of replies and counter-replies to each of these. The first four are less commonly referred to in modern times because they are essentially idealist, and the modern perspective has made a sharp shift towards materialism. For that reason, the last argument has become the most prominent. The most currently prominent counter-argument is Dawkins' contention that the theory of evolution renders a purposeful designer for life unnecessary. A counter-counter-argument might be that this just pushes the evidence of design back one level (i.e. that the existence of biological evolution is evidence that the universe was designed to be fecund). 

Your own perspective seems closer to one hinted at by contemporary philosopher Nick Bostrom in his "simulation" theory, that postulates we all exist inside a computer simulated world. In a deliberately simulated world, some parts, which will be interacted with, might be "real" (at least by the standards of the simulation) meaning they are actually simulated. Others may just appear to exist, to make the simulation appear larger than it is. Similarly some people in such a world might be fully simulated, others might be "avatars", directly controlled by the simulators, and others might be "zombies" --background figures with no actual consciousness or agency. 

In the simulated world, the reason for this ontological parsimony is clear: It is a savings on resources to fake up the parts of the simulation that receive the most scrutiny more convincingly than others. If it would take, as seems reasonable, a universe's worth of resources to actually simulate an entire universe, then it might be a necessity for a simulation to appear more complex than it actually is, at least if it is being simulated in a universe like the one being simulated. If, on the other hand, the world is in the mind of God, who presumably has infinite resources, then why would God cheat? As Descartes concluded in his Meditations, we must assume a good and honest God who is not deceiving us, because without such an assumption, we can never actually know anything. 

Long explanation (by Carnap himself) The whole point is clearly stated by Carnap in his paper on the "Elimination of metaphysics through logical analysis of language" (1932), esp. §7 "Metaphysics as expression of an attitude towards life": 

The way your source puts it, is very misleading. Logical empiricists had nothing against "metaphysical poetry". This seems to be a recurring misunderstanding. Indeed, according to logical empiricists, poetry is one of the best suited media to express "mystical longings". 

The first theorem proves that all consistent axiomatic formulations of number theory which include Peano arithmetic (or stronger) include undecidable propositions. 

[In this connection the term "world view" ("Weltanschauung") is often used; we p refer to avoid it because of its ambiguity, which blurs the difference between attitude and theory, a difference which is of decisive importance for our analysis.] The second theorem proves that no consistent axiomatic system which includes Peano arithmetic (or stronger) can prove its own consistency. That's not the case. You are somehow mixing together the first and the second incompleteness theorem and drawing a misleading conclusion. Briefly put: 4) ¬ (Force(Thought) & Contrary-to-Inertia(Thought)) ∨ ¬ (Body(x) & Possess(x,Thought)). The verb translated with "belief" is nomizein (νομίζει), nomizo, directly derived from nomos : law, custom. 

In the relevant passages of Apology (see 24b-c and 26b), Plato does not use πίστις in speaking about Socrates' "belief in (city) gods". 

We instantiate 1) with Thought for y having: 

See Book Delta [W.D.Ross's translation of Aristotle’s Metaphysics (1924), from The Complete Works of Aristotle: The Revised Oxford Translation, edited by Jonathan Barnes (1984)] 

Comment: see the discussion [page 5] about "the force of attraction — with which bodies are endowed, in the opinion of English philosophers [the Newtonians] — can easily be disproven." Gravitation is not, according to Euler, an intrinsic property of matter but must be explained in some way: either mechanically (see the Cartesian vortex theory) or by intervention of some external "active power", like in Leibniz. 

You can see: Barry Smith (editor), John Searle, Cambridge UP (2003), page 18: See also: Stephen Gaukroger, The Metaphysics of Impenetrability: Euler's Conception of force (1982). 

[page 6] However, even though the force of inertia completely excludes all other forces, for the matter at hand I will not assume anything except that two forces diametrically opposed to each other are not able to exist in the same entity. Therefore, since each body is endowed with the force of conservation of state, a contrary force — namely, the force of continual change of state —, cannot be admitted to exist in any body. 

διάνοια (the second form : reasoning), 

Trivially, newtonian mechanics assume the existence of the planet, of an attractive force called gravitation, and so on. The same for relativity or biology. 

Here perspective in seeing and knowing means : "to take into account" the point of view of the subject seeing and knowing, that means : emotions, values, prejudices,... 

If we assume the existence of points in the absolute space, they have no intrinsic properties that can differentiate them from one another: we cannot "measure" them against the Absolute Space because they are the absolute space (we cannot measure our height comparing us with ourself...). I do not think that Searle will agree on labelling with "Social constructivism" his theory about Social relaity. Conclusion : Therefore, no body can possess the faculty of thought, 

Thus, the agent is an individual: "the sculptor causes the statue, in another sense Polyclitus causes it, because the sculptor happens to be Polyclitus" and, more specifically, a human being (we assume that no other animals are able to produce sculptures). 

You can start with Continuity and Infinitesimals with bibliography, both for the mathematical and the philosophical sides of the problem. Assuming this very "rough" introductory discourse, my point of view is that it is natural for a mathematician to share a "common sense" belief in some sort of realism regarding the mathematical language.