Origen believed (Contra Celsum 8) that while Christians should not personally serve as soldiers, they should still pray for Roman victory (in wars which were just). In this view, it's not that there's something inherently morally wrong about being a soldier - but only that it is problematic for a Christian to serve in a non-Christian army, for a non-Christian empire. 

So a definite yes to Aramaic and Hebrew, with Aramaic being his first language, and a maybe-to-yes for Greek. Of course, this excludes any languages that he might have been able to use by miraculous means. 

There are several occasions when Jesus talks with Romans, including Pilate. These conversations would have taken place in Greek, the customary language of the eastern Empire, rather than Latin; Aramaic is possible instead if the Romans would stoop to it. 

It is a common observation that the contemplative life was most suited to those given to contemplation - for example, being capable of thinking about one thing for a long time. Further, those with attachments to business affairs, or who sought marriage, were advised to embrace the active life. Gregory the Great associates the contemplative life with those who are dissatisfied with common life, having "troubled souls" (in amaritudine animae) as they are "crucified to the world" (Galatians 6:14) and suspicious of earthly rewards. 2 

I don't want to give the impression the medieval monasteries were populated entirely by docile introverts. On the contrary, many monks were not cloistered (even in theory), and maintained colorful social relations. 

1. Isidore of Seville. Sententiae book 3, chapter 15, De contemplatione et actione. From Migne Patrologia Latina vol. 83: "Activa vita innocentia est operum bonorum, contempliva speculatio supernorum; illa communis multorum est, ista vero paucorum." 2. Gregory the Great. Moralia in Iob book 5, chapters 1-5. 3. Augustine. Contra Faustum book 22, chapter 56. "in qua est omnis fructus laboriosae atque inter incerta tentationum periclitantis actionis: quam plerique bono ingenio praediti studioque flagrantes, quamvis idonei regendis populis esse possint, tamen vitant propter turbulentas occupationes, et in doctrinae otium toto pectore, tamquam speciosae Rachel feruntur amplexum." 

This characterization, very common in the medieval period, associates the contemplative life (and therefore monastic seclusion) with people who are attracted to quietness, concentration, and intellectual study; but not attracted to the to and fro of making their way in the world at large. So monastic institutions could indeed function as a haven for "misfits", assuming they were misfits who were acceptable to the institution. (One does not generally just turn up and say, "Hey everybody, I want to be a monk", job done. Of course this is enormously variable by time, place and social status, but as a rule, one has to have an extended trial period before being accepted as a full member of the community. Unruly people might also be expelled.) Indeed, this applies not just to monasticism but to becoming a member of the clergy, at least in the case of male misfits.