I'd suggest reading some well-known present tense works before deciding to use the present tense. For example: He looks out of the window and says, “It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society. Jiddu Krishnamurti.” She thinks for a while and then replies, “someone who can’t adapt himself to society.” Present tense flattens the story as well. Your present tense narrator is very close emotionally to the characters, especially if the narrator is present tense and first person singular. The first person singular, present tense narrator is mostly focusing on what is happening to him or her, and not the other characters. Your readers will have tunnel vision on your single main character. Even a present tense third person limited or omniscient narrator won't be believable opining on and on about how characters are feeling or even dwelling too long on actions that show how your characters are feeling. Present tense also keeps the story firmly rooted in the present, minimizing your ability to freely use the past and future. After all, how do you convey past information without changing tenses in this case? Future? How does time move? Do you use awkward phrasing like "later she does..?" This can be mitigated by having another narrator interwoven in your story using past tense, of course. “What does that mean?” she asks. “Yes, I spend almost 24 hours in this place.” When something is happening in the present tense readers aren't going to expect a lot of narration. If your character is monologuing in the present tense while going through a car chase readers aren't going to believe it. Who has time to monologue while they are driving the wrong way down a one way at 30 miles per hour over the speed limit? On the other hand readers can believe a bit of a monologue if they know the narrator is not currently driving in the car chase, but rather remembering it. Here you do not follow a question mark directly with a period. It stands on its own. The standard initial market for a short story is a literary magazine. Famous examples include The New Yorker for literary fiction and poetry. For science fiction and fantasy genres, notable options include Fantasy & Science Fiction, Asimov's, and others. As a general rule more prestigious magazines are able to be more choosy on what they end up publishing. Beyond some of these few links, there are tons of places to find magazines of all sorts to submit to: “OK," she says, "just a little.” He fills the glass halfway They drink in silence. The seconds fill like minutes. Luna breaks it. “Do you always stay so late Dr. Aide?.” Unfortunately the present tense comes with lots of downsides. It is not typical in English language novels. Charles Dicken's Bleak House in the mid-19th century written half in present tense is probably the first example of the present-tense in novels, which have a history going back to the 17th century. Your readers will notice your use of present tense, and that may make it difficult for them to read your book unless it's done quite well. Any time you step out of fiction norms it's best to do it artfully because readers will notice. Long version Present tense lends a sense of immediacy to the work and also may make it feel like you are reading a screenplay or drama as opposed to a typical past tense novel. That's the good part. If you want urgency and a sense of being close to the action, present tense can help. Present tense is naturally suspenseful because it gives readers a sense that nobody, not even the narrator, knows what is coming. “Not really,” he says, then pauses. “Actually I’ve been thinking of quitting.” From a grammar perspective (although those questions are best asked on English.SE), a sentance in quotations that ends in a period and is before "he says" or "she says" or the like is usually ended with a comma, not a period. “What if a society is sick already by itself? Then we need another meaning. I think it is any behaviour that threatens humanity and the ecosystem in direct and indirect ways.” he replies. From these magazines it might be possible that your short story could go on to end up in something like Pushcart. There's also the annual Best American Short Stories. You can look into short story contests (even narrowing the search to science fiction short stories only). Finally, don't overpunctuate within the dialogue. Consider leaving out ellipses, for example. Instead break it up with your character attributions ("he says") or through showing me the pauses by the action. The punctuation can become visual clutter. “I see,” he replies, “Please take a seat.” There are lots of options. Just don't get discouraged by potential rejection letters along the way and keep polishing, editing, revising, and submitting. I'm curious why everything is in the present instead of the past tense. I am much more used to reading "he said" and "she said." That doesn't mean that there's anything wrong with present tense in fiction, but you should look into the effect it has. She sits in front of him feeling a bit awkward. He waves his bottle of vodka. “Do you wanna some?” I've made some minor changes, but not necessarily incorporated all of my suggestions, below. You are using adverbs and to tell us how the characters are acting and feeling. Instead consider showing us their body language. Help me hear them speak. Let me see for myself that Luna is nervous and Dr. Aide is worn out, jaded, or whatever it is that he is. “My...my name is Luna, I a new nurse here. I will assist you from tomorrow,” she says.