Caecilius check it back again, which is again pretty standard. He just has showdown value and is looking to check it back on the river. NastyMinder has an easy call. He has great equity, but he doesn't want to play a massive pot, because of ICM. However, you want raise here sometimes for value, so I think it is important to work in some bluffs too. But Tc7c has simply too much equity to bluff. I'd prefer a hand like 7h4h, since they can fold to a 4-bet. Now on the turn you can shove 33 and JT for value, that is it really. These hand are in my opinion even very unlikely, since they would generally raise the flop on such a wet board. My point is, if you raise on this turn, you don't have much value, so you should be very selective with your bluffs. 

NastyMinder now has an interesting decision. Should he call or shove? In my opinion he just has to shove here. Think about all the good hands NastyMinder wants to shove: 64s, 43s, 86s, 75s, 88, 66, 33, 44 that is a total of 22 combinations. You can slowplay some of these hands, but generally this will not be a good play. How often is 88maca88 going to bluff this board on the river? How often is he going to value bet this board with on overpair. Not that often. You don't want to see a club roll off. With the majority of your good hands you want to be shoving. Now obviously you need to pick some bluffs as well. You need to pick the hands that have the most equity when called, but have the least amount of showdown value. Other than 9c7c I can't think of a better hand than NastyMinder is holding. I think he just has to shove here to play a balanced strategy and I really don't understand why he did not. Solving for the advantage variable, you would need at least a 1.25x advantage with 600bb over 300bb to make the call profitable. When the person that will be the small blind busts out, the button stays where it was, and the 2 people to the button's left each pay big blinds. On the next hand, those 2 players each pay a small blind, and the person to their left pays a big blind. This results in a standard small and big blind, plus the button paying a small blind. On the next hand, normal blinds resume. When the person who would become the button busts out, the button skips them to the person who was the big blind the last hand. That person becomes last to act for the hand, but posts a small blind anyways. The person to their left posts a big blind, as does the person to that person's left. So you have the big blind position paying a big blind, the small blind position paying a big blind, and the button position paying a small blind. The following hand, the button moves as usual. The new button position pays a small blind, the person to their left pays a small blind, and the person to that person's left pays a big blind. After that, normal blinds resume. 

The decision is based on the extra equity you gain in the tournament if you win. In the first instance, you have an 80% chance at a 600bb stack, and a 20% chance at not cashing. Your ROI with a 600bb stack would need to go up based on that stack to make the call worthwhile. The breakeven point is 

In the second scenario, .8 becomes .6, and your advantage must be at least 1.66x with the bigger stack.