No matter how many algorithmic trades trading companies make against each other, if you as an individual investor intend to sell AAPL at 600, you will sell it at 600 (give or take - as an individual investor, the spread won't affect your profits much, and a limit trade will protect you against major volatility). 

So, the went with option #2 because that's the only option remotely palatable to them politically. 

Forbes: "What's really behind Europe's decline? It's the Birth Rates" 

In case of trading and financial industry this is even worse effects wise, since they contribute very significantly to the economy of where they are (witness NYC finances - where do you think they would be if all the traders and bankers rolled up shop and moved to The City of London?) 

This means that the government needs to either openly admit that their entire socioeconomic system is about to go bust - which they obviously aren't going to ever opt to do. OR, resort to any way possible to raise the population that is of working age to fix the situation somewhat. There are only two ways to do the latter: 

Oh, and there are other people who will be harmed - people whose income/wealth (you know, those evil investors like retirees) depends on how efficiently asset managers (who also use algorithmic trading) manage their retirement funds/ETFs. You don't REALLY think that they will just eat up the tax instead of passing it onto the investors in the form of lower returns, right? 

When you make it hard to make money by trading in locale X, you will usually find that people who were making money - and paying taxes and raising GDP - in locale X - will strongly consider moving to a different locale Y, which is now more competitive with the old location as far as offering them to be domiciled there. In addition, people who moan that somehow algorithmic trading causes problems for individual investors seem to have very little understanding of capital markets. 

"IMMIGRATION AND EUROPE’S DEMOGRAPHIC PROBLEMS: ANALYSIS AND POLICY ONSIDERATIONS" paper by GIOVANNI PERI, Ifo Institute for Economic Research 

They are claiming to be trying to solve a problem which DOES NOT EXIST. "make the market more unstable" is a nice soundbite which plays well on TV, but how does that affect individual investors? You already see this in hedge fund flight from NYC to CT; or with US corporatons registering in Delaware, or with assorted financial firms going to Caymans. If you want to read into more detail on retirement issues and demographics: Clearly, THAT train has long left the station For more rigorous research, see So, the only "problem" being solved here is perception that evil greedy trading companies are making "unjust" profits (the fact that said profits are more likely than not are made at the expense of competing evil greedy trading companies and not individual investors seems to be lost on the idiots proposing this).