Ancient Egyptians have produced glass lenses that were once readily identified as reading aid lenses, but this theory is now largely discredited because the surviving objects are lenses – but not considered suitable as reading aids since they are too thick and of inferior material to be useable. (Source: Alfred Wiedemann: "Das alte Ägypten" In: W. Foy (Ed.): Kulturgeschichtliche Bibliothek (= I. Reihe: Ethnologische Bibliothek). Band 2. C. Winters, Heidelberg 1920, S. 412.) 

However, recent studies put this apparent progressivism displayed also in the Wikipedia to shame (please excuse the length of his quote, it's just too perfect to be paraphrased): 

Cursory netsearch brings up very common blips of history relating to the past evolution of reading aids or eyeglasses. There are some early Greek objects that have magnifying properties, although it is said they were apparently used just to decorate other objects. 

One of the leading factors to account for the widespread dismissal of the sheer possibility of ancient visual instruments seems to be the lack of durability for the physical objects in question. In more favourable conditions such objects such objects did survive: 

Conclusion Historians certainly do not agree that the Romans invented glass. Historians and archaeologists are currently rediscovering and arguing about very ancient optics and their applications in glass or other suitable material. Even very early telescopes do not seem completely outlandish anymore. While the earliest proof for their use as correctives in vision – and especially for reading – may be debatable, the use as burning lenses and magnification devices is certainly millennia old and only lost in early medieval time. Examples of these devices are found both in the form of artefacts and literary evidence. 

The last occupation caused him to want to restore the use of the so-called Silk Road, which extended through central Asia, the Middle East, and the Mediterranean. Genghis Khan sent a delegation to negotiate trade terms over this road with the Khwarezemid (greater Persian) Empire, but they interpreted his overtures as a demand for tribute, and executed his envoys, starting a war. Genghis Khan sacked several of their cities, Samarkand, Bokhara, and Urgench, before conquering this empire. 

Ordinary people lost out as a result. In Spain, during the 16th century for instance (the hardest hit area), their wages doubled in nominal terms (e.g. in gold coins), but prices went up four times, so their standard of living was cut in half over a century. 

One theory of fire is "fire at will" (or what a computer programmer might call "free format.") That works best in a "broken" battle on broken ground. The classic example from the American Revolution is "Lexington and Concord." 

The age of the old testament The age of John the Baptist The age of Christ The age of the Christian Empires The age of Tyranny Where the time since the vikings (850 AD) is the current age, being a time of secular kings who have "degenerated" away from Christianity in the view of Erasmus. 

Though the above is the ancient historical consensus, there are divergent explanations. For example, the geographer and antiquarian Simon Staravolski wrote the following (1734): 

Nevertheless, there are some works, the most extensive being those of the poet Cynewulf. His longest poem, which is actually an adventure story, is Elene, which describes the great battle between the Goths/Huns and the Romans/Franks. The hero of this poem is Constantine, the king of the Romans. Of course, nowadays, we consider Constantine of Britain to be a false emperor, and know that he died before the Huns reached the lands of the Franks. Nevertheless, to Cynewulf and his audience Constantine was the great Emperor of Rome and its people resident in England and Gaul who fought the barbarian Huns and saved England. Here is a translated extract from the poem: