Monotheistic 'Manicheanism' from time to time invades those cultures and turns all such relativistic Magic into Satanism and Witchcraft, or into 'superstition' (while protecting itself, somehow, from being similarly identified, though it is belief in something standing above reality, which is the etymology of the word). But that is a very local interpretation, and it does not even apply to large swaths of the major monotheistic religions outside strict orthodoxies. I totally buy the idea that our own internal processes work by generate-and-test cycles, from Chomsky to fMRI research, this seems predictive. (Dennett has laid this data out very well a couple times in "Kinds of Minds" and in "Consciousness, Explained".) So, as I see it, science of this form is natural to us. And it is a validated approach -- evolution approves -- it is hugely successful. Its larger-scale, more conscious, application works even better for our whole society. It seems to me that whenever we approach the boundary of what should be considered physical, it retreats, without those insistent on physicalism ever having to admit any new limitation on what the new boundaries are. 

But saying, "This is what science really is" and following up with "Science works" (with open quantification) implies this version of science will work in general, everywhere, for all problems, or at least a significant majority. The other position is Popper's, focused on individual theories. It considers a theory scientific if it is applicable, falsifiable and parsimonious. Theories that are not 'applicable', i.e. that predict falsely at their inception, are not good candidates for truth. But a theory must go beyond that, and honestly risk 'falsification'. It must predict solutions to problems that are currently debatable. Otherwise it becomes a simple repository of memory, a craft and not a science. If those predictions do not pan out, other contending theories should be used to complement or replace the theory in question. At the same time, to prevent the result from becoming an intractable pastiche of theories that really have nothing in common, each theory should be judged according to its 'parsimony', the degree to which it does or does not truly require additional vocabulary and different ways of thinking. Theories that can let other accepted theories do most of their heavy lifting are preferable, in that they are more likely to merge into a single overarching theory and make science itself simpler to use. But if those underlying theories fail, then the whole content of the reliant theory subsumes the complexity of the working part of the failed underlying theory. (So, for instance, when chemistry was created, 'humour theory' consequently became much less parsimonious, and highly questionable. Other alternatives that were no more effective, but only equally effective with less complexity, largely won over the practice of medicine.) 

We tend to label a priori truths in science as Mathematics, instead of being part of any given Science, even when the mathematics is evolved directly for a given scientific purpose, like calculus for Newtonian dynamics and the second generation of statistics for biological testing. 

Point out the variation in doctrine among the orthodox adherents in the larger group -- question whether the jury is really still out on this conflict 

So, evidently, the proposition has exceptions, and there are other ways of providing scientific value, even in Popper's own estimation. 

Point out that the technology upon which people are dependent relies upon science that has been staunchly declared hostile to religion -- question why later adherents of those religions happily rely upon it There are excellent reasons that some sciences, like psychology and anthropology, will have a very hard row to hoe, if they choose to be exclusively Popperian sciences, verifying results against null hypotheses with clear numerical definitions of falsification. Even with the deep elaboration of statistics they have made, the notion of experimentation and falsification are too strong to apply most of the time. Psychologists themselves refer to this notion as 'physics envy'. But they are well on their way to being sciences in the Kuhnian sense -- their squabbling about basic principles is becoming an underlying understanding with various different emphases. To me this is the right way to view Popper: as the criterion for when science is being 'normal' in Kuhn's sense along with a dedication to keeping it Kuhnian 'normal' a norm, though not a rule. 

So in some sense, complete coverage without compromise is the goal, and that includes compromise with the arbitrariness of terms and the fitting of concepts into narrow molds that has historically been required by science of itself. (This is especially true now that science itself has found those molds do not accommodate it.) 

There seem to be standards of evaluation that do remain constant. 

Ultimately these three, and a few others, are all equally valid ways of framing the observations we run across at quantum scope and the theories that predict them property, and of making philosophical sense of them. I do believe that it stretches the notion of materialism past its breaking point, but not realism, or even 'physicalism' to the degree that we make no presumptions upon what is and what is not physical without experimental evidence. The spirit of realistic reductivist monism remains, and we are not forced into accepting idealism by the fact that we treat mathematics as ideal. 

This nesting of smaller and smaller subdomains like a kind of self-similar fractal scaling, extends down to the day-to-day operations of real scientists. They might successively, on an hour-by-hour basis ignore discrepancies, bridge or isolate from them, or work out details in hopes of resolving them. 

The very contentious boundary you bring up first, where mathematics meets advanced physics like relativity and quantum mechanics can be seen as a place where we depend deeply upon mathematics, as emergent from psychology and logic, to tell us what can be reasonably understood and communicated, while stripping away a lot of layers of emergent concepts and focussing on absolute simplicity in every other sense.