First, the principles of Biblical interpretation include the fact that Scripture cannot contradict itself. Paul is on record all throughout the New Testament as stating that salvation is by faith through grace, apart from any works or worthiness of man. It would make no sense for him to be saying so here, so we need to dig deeper. John is clearly speaking out against the practice of committing the sexual act of idolatry and then eating meat sacrificed to idols in that act of worship. The wicked are also ‘rewarded’, but this article concerns itself solely with the ‘good’ rewards’. whatsoever ye do, work heartily, as unto the Lord, and not unto men; knowing that from the Lord ye shall receive the recompense of the inheritance: ye serve the Lord Christ. (Col 3:23-25). The fact that there is not a definitive answer to this question, and that it could apply to any time in history is perfectly within Biblical teaching, since Jesus Himself said that no man would know when the coming of these times are. I might as well throw in my usual disclaimer that I'm not debating whether the YEC view is true, this is just explaining the YEC view. Such debates in comments are off-topic and not constructive per site guidelines, and not relevant to the question/answe at hand. Even though I personally believe in the YEC view, I'm not defending it here, just explaining it. "He who plants and he who waters are one, and each one will receive his own reward according to his own labor" (1 Corinthians 3:8). These, and a whole slew of other commentaries are available at http://bible.cc/philippians/2-7.htm At least that's how "Mainstream Christians" see it. http://www.wor.org/Books/p/Paraking.htm http://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=1+Corinthians+5&version=NIV The following two verses are one example each of good and bad. Calvin put the same thought this way: In short, per the Barnes' notes, He did not lay aside any of His power or Godly characteristics, He merely did not exercise them. In layman's terms, fornication is often used as an allegory for idolatry. In the same way people are unfaithful to spouses by fornicating in the usual sense of the word, idolatry is "cheating on" God. Of course, there are likely to be several different meanings attributed to this, but the most common is the one that you posted - that He took on the humble nature of a servant. But made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men: In traditional Christian theology, Apostasy, yes. Total Apostasy, no. A Protestant perspective on what to watch for, as far as these ravenous wolves are concerned can be found here, along with an orthodox (small "o") view on Apostasy. Ruth was at very least very, very forward with Boaz. When she "uncovers his feet," there is at least the possibility of reading the euphemistic idea of feet as saying that Ruth seduced Boaz by sleeping with him. Wine = exhortation to work with a fervent spirit The Bible can be literal but still express itself in the language of feeling. As a port-town frequented by sailors (and Cretens!) Corinth had a lot of sexual sin going on. The town had all sorts of temple prostitutes. In sinning with said prostitutes, a person is using his own body in such a way as to bring disgrace to Christ: By appearing with "the Law" (Moses) and "the Prophets" (Elijah), Jesus is shown to be fufilling all of Scripture. And finally, at least one member of the Corinthian church was engaging in gross immorality, even by the standards of such an immoral town. As 1 Corinthians 5:1 states: Trinitarian? Hypostatic Union? Jesus is Way Cool, Dude? As such one could parse the verse as "in all things .. by prayer (petition with thanksgiving) present your requests to God" as an equally accurate rendering. This seems like an instrumental construction, meaning that petitions and thanksgiving would be how the prayer is done. In verse 49, as you have quoted it, this fellow is casting out demons in Jesus' name. As such, Jesus is still the one and only Way. The above interpretation, however, is a requote from Gordon Fee and Douglas Stuart's classic and authoritative book How to Read the Bible for all its Worth, as an example of how modern interpretation is NOT to be done. They are right, of course, because allegory really isn't testable in the end. Bound his wounds = means binding therestraint of sin As such, all petitions presented to God are delivered as prayer, but there are forms of prayer (glorification, confession, thanksgiving) that are not petitions. A certain man went down from Jerusalem to Jericho = Adam Jericho = the moon, and thereby signifies Adam’s mortality Ps 137 is a lament for Jerusalem after the Babylonians have invaded and destroyed it. Verses 7-9 make it explicit: Put another way, it is much like Paul's admonition in Phillippians, where he says he doesn't care whether Christ is preached out of selfish ambitions or good ones, as long as Christ is preached Archeological evidence only goes back as far as a steele mentioning the "House of David," so for modern academics, the historicity of say, Moses, Abraham, and Adam and Eve are all at least suspect. Opinion varies as to whether, say, a baby boy who should have been murdered was actually set adrift in a boat made of bull rushes. A literalist would say, yes, this literally happened, and a liberal would say that it is a mere birth narrative to set the tone for who Moses would be. Likewise, a liberal would say that clearly a few Hebrew slaves probably escaped across a "Reed Sea" (a swamp) whereas a literalist would, with no evidence to the contrary, state that in fact 525,000 Israelite men plus their wives and children pass through the Red Sea, with the waves held back on either side and Charleton Heston in front holding a stick. The same analysis holds for an actual Adam and Eve, whether or not a woman named Tamar really did seduce her father-in-law, and a whole host of other stories.