God forbids anyone to alter the contents of the Book of Revelation. Here "this scroll" literally means the scroll that John was writing, which we call it the Book of Revelation of Apostle John. 

Did the Bible fall from the sky? NO 

Here, Jesus said that the Kingdom of God can start from a single person, which can yield many other believers. Peter was the first man to preach the Gospel on the Day of Pentecost and 3000 people were baptized that day. And the apostles went on to preach everywhere and the number of Christians kept on growing and growing. 

God has the Biggest plan for eternity. 

2. At the Second coming of Jesus Christ Jesus will come again with all His glory and power to establish His kingdom physically on earth forever. This present world is in the hands of Satan but when Jesus comes, Satan will be defeated and the eternal physical Kingdom of God will be established on earth forever and ever. Amen. 

When God created the world, Adam and Eve, Christ was already crucified in the mind of God. God created everything according to His will. There was no accident. He knew what He was doing and what purpose it would serve. He knew that Adam and Eve might fall into the trap of Satan, fall under the power of sin and the Lamb of God had to be sacrificed for their sins. However, it was God's plan to create human and while creating them, God already conceived in His mind that the Son of God will be crucified. 

Though the work is entirely from the Bible, it is entirely not the Bible. If any group was using it for their ministries, quoting from it would cause great confusion, as it appears like the Bible at first, but is missing most of it. Instead, what seems more likely, is that deists or even humanist/secular groups may use it, but as an adjunct to their own central doctrine, whatever that may be. 

The governor answered and said to them, “Which of the two do you want me to release to you?” 

In light of the Jefferson Bible being more of a curiosity in history, rather than a religious work for the benefit of a religious group, it is unlikely that any self identified Christian group uses it in their ministries. 

The answer to your trivia question is actually complicated and highly contextual. I would bet that the answer according to the game is "blasphemy". 

The Wikipedia article is well sourced and covers a good deal about the purpose of Jefferson's work. Once familiar with that, it becomes apparent of the difficulties and unlikelihood that any self identified Christian group uses it in their ministries. 

Then the governor said, “Why, what evil has He done?” 

In these cases, these people expect that their king and when he lived, ruled, and died, are well known. For the most part they are, so historians often use other sources to create a relative timeline and they often usually are able to relate it to our own calendar in a roundabout way. Then they just use simple math to determine the dates for everything. For example, this work might be dated by knowing that another work mentions King Uzziah in relation to another king or event that we have already dated. That helps us date this work. Also, sometime ancient works mention celestial signs, such as eclipses. We can calculate when those would have occurred with a great deal of accuracy. 

1. At the First coming of Jesus Christ When Jesus came to earth as a humble man to suffer and die for us, He's goal was to bring down the Kingdom of God, which was also His role as the promised Messiah. But at His first coming, the Kingdom of God was not to be established physically on earth, which was the expectation of the Jews. Jesus came to establish the Kingdom of God in the hearts of men. Jesus was preparing the people for the coming kingdom, which was to be established soon after He finished His work on the cross. John the Baptist was proclaiming that the Kingdom of God was near. 

How many authors Qur'an has? One. Muhammad alone. No one was there to support the ideas of Muhammad. He alone handled the whole situation. 

Jesus started explaining to the people what the Kingdom of God is. He used metaphors like the sower, mustard seed, hidden treasure, weeds, yeast and fishing net (see Matthew 13). But until it was established from the day of Pentecost, which was the beginning of the Church era, it was not fully understood. Therefore, this Church era is the first establishment of Kingdom of God and it's dominion is in the hearts of mankind. 

2. At the Second coming of Jesus Christ Jesus will come again with all His glory and power to establish His kingdom physically on earth forever. This present world is in the hands of Satan but when Jesus comes, Satan will be defeated and the eternal physical Kingdom of God will be established on earth forever and ever. Amen. 

God forbids anyone to alter the contents of the Book of Revelation. Here "this scroll" literally means the scroll that John was writing, which we call it the Book of Revelation of Apostle John. 

Did the Bible fall from the sky? NO