I try to think of the challenging time until then as an investment... effort now pays off later. It's probably not wise to draw too strong parallels between children and investments (long-term break even?) but it helps to realize that small children grow up and I should enjoy their childhood as much as I can! My immediate impression is that it's a power struggle. He wants your attention. He wants you to play with him. He sees your reading material as the thing that is keeping you from interacting with him. I can't contribute any specific tips, but it sounds like your daughter's (non-)eating habits are already very ingrained. Especially since she's already at the low end of the weight chart, I would not rule out some sort of eating disorder. You could replace the activity mat with an activity walker. Even though he doesn't walk yet, the upright orientation is new to him and encourages sitting up so he can reach the upper parts. Or lay it flat on the floor to begin with. What works best for us is to get him back to napping. We try to react quickly so that he doesn't wake fully (if he does, the chance is gone). We also try to be very gentle and soft-spoken so that he's not urged into any kind of response - which would also further wake him. Amazon: search for baby walker If we succeed in this, he's much happier for the rest of the day, and the bedtime is also much easier because "overtired" children don't want to sleep. If you have ruled out allergies (as caterpillar suggested) then I would suggest consulting with a second paediatrician, specifically for references to child dieticians. Once he grows older, he will learn to respect your time needs too. But 4 is too early for that. Accept it. I don't have much time for myself at home while the kids are awake either. I accept this as a phase in their lives - and in my life. Forget about computer time, books, magazines - until after bedtime. That's time for yourself. Try to get her back to napping. From your post it doesn't seem likely this will work, but it's always worth a try (be patient!) and it might become easier to achieve over time. Don't ever give in to her bullying. She does this because she knows from experience that it works! She is showing you that she has more endurance than you have, and she is using it to consistently win over you. You must look at yourselves to change this: it's incredibly hard but you must teach your child that she's the child and you're the parents so you get to decide. She can earn the things she asks for as a privilege following good behavior, but she can never demand it - never ever! Every time you give in, you give her power over you. Every time you stand firm, you help her understand her role in the family. If she doesn't want to sleep, allow her to play quietly by herself in her room. This gives her an exit strategy if she doesn't want to sleep, while obeying you; it's a win-win. You may choose to join her if you like, but emphasize that that is your decision, not hers. I can recognize my son in some of this. He just turned three and needs a decent noon nap to be happy. Sometimes (like today!) he wakes much too soon and is grumpy, just like your child.