If he donk-bet less, say $30-$40, I'd call one street and reevaluate on the turn. In this scenario, once I've hit my set I'm getting it in. Any non-Queen turn I would give up if he continued betting and if he didn't I'd check behind. Same on the river. It's worth pointing out that you should consider reraising against this type of opponent. Villian's range is quite wide and his donk-betting, and it's sizing, are huge indicators of a weak range. The population tendency here is for him to have a weak pair or weak draw. Bad players tend to size their bets according to hand strength. You have a lot of equity from your two overs, gutshot, and backdoor flush draw, which, when combined with the significant amount of fold equity a healthy raise would generate against this opponent in this spot, make reraising a profitable move. Then, once you have said range, it's no longer about how long since you've last played a hand. You know which hands you're playing and you're playing them every time you get them. At least, that is, until you gain reads on the opponents at the table. At that point, you should adjust your readless strategy accordingly to maximally exploit their playing styles. You shouldn't be buying in with a stack that you can't lose. If you have $1000 to your name, you shouldn't be playing 5-10. Though it's still possible to win up to this amount. Consider you have $10,000 in your bankroll, and decide to take a very aggressive shot at 5-10 with 1 buy-in. If you lose it, you will move back to 2-5. But then the shot goes very well, and you run your $1000 up to $8000 or so. Most of the time, you should stand up. But let's also pretend it's a very soft table; someone is buying in for $1000 and losing it every hand with no sign of stopping. There may be a situation here that warrants folding AA against a different player; the value in the game so great that you don't want to leave, but you also don't want to take a 20% shot of losing roughly half of your net worth. If no one remains, then he wins the pot before he is able to fold. If he is not there to claim his winnings, then he should be blinded out (if a tournament), or sat out (in a cash game). In the case of a cash game, his money should be set aside and saved, as it is still rightfully his money, including the pot should he have won it. If he is deceased, then I believe his heir or estate has more a claim to the money than the other players at the poker table. Player 3's raise stands, and he does not fold until action returns to him. If this is your first time playing in a home game, there are a few ways this could be a mistake. The first is cheating; there is a small, generally negligent chance that the dealer and player you are in against are working together. He could have KK, and the dealer could base-deal a third King. Even without knowing that you won't get an ace as well and still win, this makes the odds of you winning very slim. The second is if you will get paid or robbed before you leave the game. Consider a situation where you've been winning all night in a deep game and now sit with 2000BBs. Some home games let players buy in for the largest stack on the table, and if this player is playing on credit, the home game could give you a long run-around for getting your money. The player who loses to you could also have friends in the area planning on taking this money back. What actions could I use to make it harder for my opponents to figure out what I'm calling, raising or folding with? Ah, now we're getting into the territory of balance and game theory optimal play. This has been quite a hot topic for some years now. To answer your question entirely, if I for some reason decided to lead the flop here I would still bet $30 as you did, but for a completely different reason: for value. $30 bet into a $74 pot on the flop and then jam the remaining effective $85 on the turn when the pot is $134. If I was going to try to push him off {QQ-99} I would just jam the flop (but I can think of literally no situation I would ever do that). So, the process of elimination only truly leaves you two options: call or fold. If you are fairly confident he's not a nit, see a flop. Your hand is relatively weak when compared to your opponents range but it is too strong to entirely give up on though. When you are in this kind of position, you should think of your hand as a bluffcatcher. If he donk-bet less, say $30-$40, I'd call one street and reevaluate on the turn. In this scenario, once I've hit my set I'm getting it in. Any non-Queen turn I would give up if he continued betting and if he didn't I'd check behind. Same on the river.