Poker in general has moved towards smaller raise size pre flop - e.g. 2.5 BB raise and more limping. Daniel Negreanu UTG+1 A♣J♠ raise to $400 Basically you need to raise with any top 20 hands. And you need to bluff raise the rest a fraction of the time. If you are not bluffing 1/5 of the non-value hands in heads up then you are playing tight - against some opponents that may be the way to play. Against a player the will fold then you might be profitably bluffing 1/2 the non-value hands. Will not accept my own answer. Avoid all-in unless you are pretty sure you have your opponent dominated. Add in speculative hands like suited connectors as when they hit you will typically have your opponent dominated. Go for pot control. Some opponents are not going to let you play for pot control. But you cannot auto fold or they will abuse you. Even if you are 2:1 not really looking to get all your chips in. If they put you all in then you should call if you think you are 2:1. Avoid bigger stacks unless you are on premium cards. Play connectors if you can get in cheap as you can get paid off. They either don't see it or don't care. Also can typically get paid off with flush so I play any suited ace. The chance of hitting goes down by a full 1/4 compared to no gap But 1 gapper is only giving up yyyxx which is one most vulnerable to an over straight On the river from a GTO perspective Doug should be bluffing 1/4 of the time he bets. Not 1/4 period - for every 3 value bets one bluff. For the most part just ABC poker. Cannot play these cards in a discernible way or you will get blown off pots. If you like to come in for 5 bb with a strong hands to steal blinds then cannot afford to play these speculative hands. So you need to come in for like 2.5 bb with QQ+ to balance it out. If your QQ+ gets re-raised pre you can fire away. If 78s gets re-raised then you can get out of the way. To run all the combinations is just a lot of runs. Over 4 players with today's computing power it is not even realistic. You have more fold equity as a chip they lose worth more than a chip they win. Especially against smaller stack. Micro stakes on line for practice? There are lots of books. River Villain bets 1/2 the pot. Hero is getting 3:1. Villain could think KJ, K4, or K5 is good. Villain could have hit a flush. But why raise the turn on a flush draw? A busted straight draw could bluff here. I call here. I get playing 86s in position. I think GTO broke on flop. Doug is going to need to fire three times and get a fold 49% of the time for GTO to work. There is no backup plan. All he has is a back door straight draw and you are not sure spades are good. You got the worse possible river. A bet of 2.5X the pot is nuts or a stone cold bluff. Would they play flush draw that way - the answer is yes. Just release. At this point you are only out 4 BB. It would need to be 5/12 chance that is bluff to even break even calling. Only a maniacs bluff that much. I still play them if I can get in for the right price with position as when you hit you typically know where you stand. I just call - you could be calling with a big range so it should not be giving away you hand. I don't typically open with them unless it is the BB for a steal with some equity. Yes you can get beat by higher straight or flush but that is poker. Don't look to get all your chips in the pot with this type of hand unless you have the nut end. You are looking to get value from 1 pair, 2 pair, and trips. Your opponents are likely to bet 2 pair, trips, and a bigger straight the same so you kind of need to stand the heat. If you have players that will bet the pot on the flop with 2 pair then you are not getting the odds to play. But unless they are playing