Determinatives cannot combine with articles (*a this book). Determinatives can be used with a single count NP (one book). Determinatives can be used in a partitive construction (one of them). Note that a word doesn’t need to pass all of those three tests to be considered a determinative – e.g. “one” doesn’t pass the first test (the one problem that remains). 

“Federal law also required that taxpayer [read the taxpayer] make contributions ….” 

He will permit me to do so. etc. 

NB: A reply to Mitch's last question e.g., Dixon 1982: Value-Dimension-Physical Property-Speed-Human Propensity-Age-Colour In all of your examples the constituent [doing my homework], a non-finite clause, has the same function, that of an adjunct (Huddleston and Pullum 2002). It modifies the matrix clause but not the subject in the matrix clause because adjuncts usually modify either a verbal phrase or another clause or the whole sentence. The connection between the clauses in your examples is not "what kind of I" or "what kind of good/trouble", so it can't be a noun-adjective postmodifier. The connection between the clauses is temporal. As you can see from the examples above, the verb “say” in this sense is used transitively, i.e. it takes a direct object. All dictionaries of Modern English mark this dated use as legalese or used humorously. 

On the other hand, in languages with poor morphology where word classes might not have distinctive markers we find another phenomenon, category indeterminacy (or multifunctionality). For example, in Sranan Tongo (Dutch Guyana), Voorhoeve 1979 reports that the word hebi can mean "heavy; to be heavy; weight." However, Don, Trommelen, and Zonneveld 2000 argue that this phenomenon is different from conversion. In the case of conversion, there is always one "original" stem (class A in the example above), to which you can trace the transposed stem: Of course! The usual term is a (sentence) fragment, some started using the term "nonsententials". What language(s) are you interested in? What syntactic theory? 

Next we merge the subject, 'you', which satisfies the external theta-role of 'invite': (6) [No one] attended the meeting yesterday [but John] Going through the derivation might help. Since your question is framed in terms of the generative framework, i'll give my answer also from a generative PoV - specifically, from the PoV of the Minimalist Program, where movement is feature-driven. I presuppose i certain amount of familiarity with minimalism in my answer, so apologies in advance. This grammar works crucially by defining the copying rule S[x] -> T[x]T[x]. This rewrite rule takes the stack of symbols on S, and duplicates the stack on two new non-terminals, which exist only to hold the duplicated stacks (they are ultimately deleted via T[] -> E). Once the stacks have been duplicated, the non-terminals in the stacks are 'popped off' one by one to generate strings of terminals. Because the stacks have previously been duplicated, the strings resulting from popping off non-terminals from the stacks of T are guaranteed to be identical. Subtypes of deixis include person (e.g. personal pronouns), spatial (e.g. NPs denoting places with reference to the point where the speaker is standing) and temporal (e.g. tense, time with reference to the present) deixis, and all three need to be changed when transforming from direct to indirect speech and vice versa: 4) Sometimes, the phenomenon appears randomly in a way I can't explain, e.g. 禮以行之 (propriety with perform it), meaning perform it with propriety (or with propriety perform it in regular Chinese syntax). 

Edit: Givón also mentioned that verbs spread their modal scope over object NPs (p. 304). Since 'a teacher' is not an object, the test doesn't really look at it. 

and the test therefore does not apply to it. 

To illustrate the mechanism, take 'here' in the third example. 'Here' refers to a place which is near; when we remove ourselves from the speech act, that place is no longer near, so we use 'there' - point to a faraway place - instead. 

As you can see, identifying the head isn't always straightforward, and that's why linguists disagree on whether NP dominates DP or DP dominates NP, or whether complement clauses are CPs or Ss, or whether sentences are IPs or TPs or Ss or something else. Zwicky (1985) lists five different 'head-like notions': Cleft: *It is [the founder of] that he is the Church of England.