g) any other hand - what range of hands will he raise from the button and continuation bet (any two cards?) Is he likely to keep bluffing with nothing? 

Ask yourself what Btn is likely to have for his pre-flop raise and continuation bet, and if you just call what are the chances he will bet again on the turn. Check raising here just screams that you have hit your hand (set or two pair) so you're unlikely to get further action. If you want to check raise, much better to at least give him another chance to bet on the turn. 

f) two over cards (e.g. A K) - how much further action do you expect even if he hits his hand on the turn / river? 

g) runner runner flush draw. How will you react if the turn matches one of the existing suits and he bets again. 

What are the chances that he's :- a) already way ahead and you're drawing to one card (10 10 or 8 8) 

e) got an over pair, again unlikely to outdraw you, but hard to spot when he does. What's your reaction going to be if an over card comes on the turn and he bets again? 

c) well behind and unlikely to outdraw you, but likely to bet again if he hits his draw (e.g. A 10) - this is your ideal scenario and most likely to produce a big pot. 

All this is obviously just a small part of the decision process. There are a lot more factors to consider. There are situations where it's a good idea to play pocket fours and other situations where folding Jacks makes a lot of sense... It depends on the action, how your opponent(s) play, is it tournament or cash, how deep everyone is and much more. Let's strip it down to its core: Pocket pairs are good because if you go against an opponent that doesn't have a pocket pair, he needs to hit the flop/turn/river somehow in order to have showdown value. You don't have to connect to the flop to do this, because you already have a pair. Well, obviously like everything in poker, the answer is: "it depends". Small pocket pairs lose their value as their rank goes down. Let's take for example pocket sixes. Cards bigger than sixes are 7 and up, this means (14 - 7 + 1) x 4 = 32. There is a huge chance that one of those 32 cards will show up on the board. Now if we consider pocket threes, then there are 44 cards bigger than a 3. 

When it comes to pocket nines or above, things change significantly. 

I usually never play 22-55 unless I'm deep enough (at least 40 BB). When it comes to 66-88, the value increases a bit so you can play the hand a little more often. In my opinion a good way to play these hands is to make a standard preflop raise and hope to hit a set on the flop. If you can see a free turn or river, go with it. But if at any time you start to encouter resistance (a.k.a. your opponent(s) bet or raise), GIVE IT UP. The odds of hitting a set are so low, that calling any bet would not make sense. 

I would say that on this particular flop, you're unlikely to be losing (unless you're already a mile behind), so much better to give Btn another chance to hang himself rather than scaring him off. g) any other hand - what range of hands will he raise from the button and continuation bet (any two cards?) Is he likely to keep bluffing with nothing? 

What are the chances that he's :- c) well behind and unlikely to outdraw you, but likely to bet again if he hits his draw (e.g. A 10) - this is your ideal scenario and most likely to produce a big pot. 

b) behind but with some chance of outdrawing you (J 9 or 9 7 - is he aggressive enough to raise pre-flop from the button with this?) Even if he does make his straight on the turn, you still have 10 outs on the river to make a full house. e) got an over pair, again unlikely to outdraw you, but hard to spot when he does. What's your reaction going to be if an over card comes on the turn and he bets again? Ask yourself what Btn is likely to have for his pre-flop raise and continuation bet, and if you just call what are the chances he will bet again on the turn. Check raising here just screams that you have hit your hand (set or two pair) so you're unlikely to get further action. If you want to check raise, much better to at least give him another chance to bet on the turn. 

f) two over cards (e.g. A K) - how much further action do you expect even if he hits his hand on the turn / river?