The academy's drawing exam was administered under supervision on October 1 and 2, 1907, in two separate groups, lasting three hours each in the morning and the afternoon. Eight "composition tasks" had to be carried out from one group of themes each, such as "(1) Expulsion from Paradise (2) Hunting (3) Spring (4) Construction Workers (5) Death (6) Rain." This time Hitler's works did not meet the requirements. The "Classification List of the General Painting School 1905-1911" [sic!] contains the entry: "Adolf Hitler, b. in Braunau on the Inn, Upper Austria on 20 April 1889, German, Catholic senior official of the Dual Monarchy (father), few heads," and the result: "Drawing exam unsatisfactory." Of 113 candidates who showed up, only 28 were accepted into the painting school, which appropriately equals today's admission percentage [...] 

UPDATE: Paul Rohrbach's book Aus Südwest-Afrikas schweren Tagen (1909) is a collection of diary entries from 1903 to 1905. During that time the author was a senior official in then German South-West Africa. He mentions the Rhenish Missionary Society several times in passing but not in a way that would suggest his own affiliation. There also frequent references to the "Siedlungsgesellschaft". The report reveals a perspective observer and able administrator, even with a sense of humor (translation courtesy of Google): Furthermore, the city's position in the middle of the Rumeli (west) and Anadolu (east) territories allowed for more efficient central control of the young Republic. Also, having the capital as far away from the Republic's enemies (Greece, mainly) as possible was certainly a bonus. 

Lastly, keeping the capital in Ankara certainly had symbolic value. Kemal had dissolved a six hundred old empire and was attempting to revamp the entirety of Turkish culture. Moving back to the old capital wouldn't have helped that cause, while keeping the new capital sent a strong signal that this was a new era for Turkey. While Mein Kampf isn't really what I'd consider a historical source, Hitler's hatred of the Jews is evident in almost every page and I think the above quotes prove that at least he didn't consider chemical weapons a "Jewish" method of warfare. Apparently, Poosball was an indoor game similar to basketball. It was also known as center ball and captain ball. 

The game is also mentioned in: 

British Intelligence has recently (June 2011) released a series of reports that suggest Nazi Germany was planning to use chemical warfare in their planned invasion of the UK. The files are available online, here's a screenshot for posterity: 

Hitler opinions on mustard gas seem to be quite the opposite from what you describe, given this quote from Mein Kampf 1: 1 The quotes are from Project Gutenberg Australia's version. 2 Full text of the Geneva Protocol. The fact that the Scout movement also catered for girls widened its appeal, since many of the youth movements up to that point had been for boys only. As noted above, the Girl Guides were formed by Baden-Powell and his sister, Agnes, just months after the Boy Scouts Association. (Agnes Baden-Powell would lead the Girl Guides until 1918 when Olave Baden-Powell took over as Chief Guide.) 

If a more accurate assessment was required, a Fire Assay may have been carried out on a sample from one or more of the ingots. This technique is destructive, but has been available since the sixteenth century (a version is mentioned in Agricola's De Re Metallica). I would very much doubt that a Fire Assay could have been carried out at the port though (unless specialist facilities were available there expressly for that purpose). When Baden Powell re-wrote his manual and published it as Scouting for Boys he fundamentally changed its ethos. He left out many of the military aspects and applied the techniques to other, non-military, heroes of the day like explorers and backwoodsmen. He also added the Scout Method which was an innovative, informal educational system intended to develop good character. My experience was that the state of the infrastructure was comparable to that in the UK at that time (in some ways it was better, given the strikes that impacted services in the UK in the mid 1970s). Metalled roads were kept in good repair, and even dirt-roads were maintained to a standard that allowed a normal family saloon to use them without risk (with the possible exception of the rainy season in some parts of the country!). I returned to the UK permanently in 1979, so I have only anecdotal evidence of what happened since, but friends do say that things have got a lot worse, so it's possible that your vlogger is right. 

My father worked in Lesotho from 1975 until the mid 1980s. I attended a boarding school in Bloemfontein in the Orange Free State from 1975 - 1977 (after which I transferred back to a boarding school in the UK. I returned to Lesotho for the holidays, and between 1975 and 1979 I visited all of the provinces of South Africa. So here are my observations, for what they are worth. I do know that Yugoslavia was one of the countries that provided financial and materiel assistance to the MPLA before the civil war actually broke out in 1975. They may even have provided military training before 1975 (although I thought that training was provided by the USSR). On page 519 of Into the Storm: American Covert Involvement in the Angolan Civil War, Shannon Butler observes: