Fair enough, but wouldn't a moderator flag have sufficed? The additional text seems superfluous. I daresay it could be confusing to a new user, who might actually be compelled to search or browse for the missing page. Comments are still perceived to be too noisy, so ways are found to begin stripping @user from comments where they are not needed. Possible actions can include suspension of moderators. Yes, I do mean that. In particular, if a moderator figures out who reported them, and attempts to interact with that user in any way having to do with their report, it should be an immediate 30 day suspension. A question and answer system free of noise. Because the primary purpose of comments is to divert noise from questions and answers (the comments themselves are of secondary importance), sometimes decisions are made about how to manage them that don't seem to make sense from the user community's perspective. I would like to help my fellow Stackizens, using material from my blog or other website. But external links are sometimes viewed as excessive promotion. From the FAQ: I have tried posting answers that reference my blog, and I have followed the above rules, but my answers still get flagged as spam. How can I craft an answer that references my blog, website or other resource, but is still acceptable to the community? When writing a comment, be sure to explain why a user should do something. Saying "make your question more specific", for example, does not explain why someone should do that. If a quick explanation was added to that comment, people would understand why you said what you said, and they will understand more about stack exchange and be less likely to do that again. There is an expectation that users of Stack Overflow treat the site like a professional resource. For the most part, that means using proper spelling, grammar and punctuation. It's an important enough issue to be baked into the system in several ways: So many new users do this that it causes moderation fatigue. The community has to explain this over and over to new users, and they get tired of doing it. What tone should I strike in comments? Comments should always be civil and informative. Take the time and effort to make them so, or refrain from commenting and let the closing system and the FAQ do the work for you. Do you have a link, citation, or reference for the claim you are making in this post? So if you find that your comments are being interpreted as rude or hostile more often than not, simply refrain from commenting. We escalate it to a semi-private process. The mod gets an annotation on his account summarizing the problem. This surfaces the information to the other mods on the site. A discussion occurs between all site mods and SE corporate. So while we do value civility and professionalism, we also expect a nominal amount of it from new users, and the responsibility of getting a good reception rests mostly with them. The kind of answers that I summarily delete all the time are the ones that say "This may help you [link to product website or blog]", or "Our product will help you do this," without so much as providing a code sample or convincing reason why. Hmm, isn't that programming related? Am I talking about pointy-haired bosses, or about version control? Sharing your research helps everyone. Tell us what you found and why it didn’t meet your needs. There are a few things I don't understand about your most recent blog post. The problem, as I see it, is not so much that comments are being managed in these ways, but that comments are second class citizens. Management puts up with them, because their true purpose is to divert noise away from questions and answers. Alternatively Choose the custom, off-topic close reason, and type something like this into the description: Web Developer jobs have been posted on your site for many months, apparently without being filled. Are you hiring web developers on an ongoing basis, or are you looking for a purple squirrel/the perfect employee? What are you looking for; what do you want? New users could go a long way towards getting a better reception if they actually spent a few minutes figuring out how Stack Overflow works, and what the cultural norms are, before writing their first post. The chilly reception that new users get when they break these norms happens because: Regardless, votes are yours to do with what you wish, so long as you don't use them for abusive practices like serial or sock voting. In general, a good rule of thumb to follow is this: use your vote to express your opinion of an answer's usefulness. How is correcting spelling errors not making the internet better? Do you really want to have this discussion the next time someone throws a txtspk question at you? There are either too many possible answers, or good answers would be too long for this format. Please add details to narrow the answer set or to isolate an issue that can be answered in a few paragraphs. The number of answers this question has attracted seem to confirm this suspicion. Further, the answers do not appear to coalesce into some fundamental principle of croissant purchase selection. How is this ever going to be useful to future programmers, other than as a mental masturbation exercise? Time Traveling Bobby is right; close the questions that are asking for recommendations, since that will limit the footprint for those folks looking to post their recommendations. For our part (the mods), we have had numerous conversations about this with Ira, and he's always made efforts to comply with our guidelines. The only remaining objection seems to be the quantity of posts that reference the products he is affiliated with. I would say three things about that: So I think it's probably a good idea to specifically codify those things that apparently fall within the legal realm (i.e. harassment and discrimination), but attempting to explain to folks what "be nice" means, well... Saying "be nice" really ought to be enough, as those folks who don't seem to understand what that means will either figure it out and change their behavior, or find somewhere else to go.