Source: Chapter VII - The Pearl Harbor Attack 

Source: Chapter VII - The Pearl Harbor Attack 

American Empire (does not qualify) While it can be argued that The American Empire starts as soon as colonial settlers arrive and start annexing native lands, it wasn't really as an aggregate of nations. The US didn't rule over an aggregate of nations, they annexed their lands, wiped out their people, and replaced them with their own. Japanese Empire Japan's modern expansion began with the annexation of Korea in 1910 and continued in China and the South Pacific until finally stopped about 1942. By 1945 she was completely stripped of her empire and occupied by a foreign army. 

This removes things like target arrows and light draw bows which are more accurate but less effective. 

1919 to 1982 is a bit of a stretch. And the way it sort of dribbled along for 60 years... I don't think the British Empire qualifies. Add a bayonet that's up to half a meter long, and you can see how this rapidly gets unwieldy. Bayonets were designed to give musketeers a sort of pike to prevent massed cavalry charges (more on that below). This worked well against a massed charge into your fixed defenses, the enemy basically runs into a wall of blades, but they're terrible on the attack, especially into the tight spaces of a modern defensive position. There is the Allies and Lend-Lease Museum in Moscow. [I can't say much more because I can't read the Russian, please edit with details] 

I found a site with extensive information about the cannon. It includes beautiful scale drawings. While they do not include the height and width explicitly, they do have the total length of the cannon (2.5m) which can be used to extrapolate the scale of the images in pixels / cm. Pixels are used because they will not change with your screen or zoom. That said, walking around casually in the US I don't see any WWII equipment either. Lend-Lease equipment would be 70 years old and no longer in use. The majority would have either been destroyed on the battlefield (for example, the Soviets lost 77% of their tanks), or scrapped. Survivors will be in museums, old factories, rusting in a field somewhere, or sunk under water. If you want to see WWII military equipment, do what I do and go to a military museum. Source: Chapter XII - Forging the Defenses of the Canal I think you're looking for a book about the Allied side of the Battle Of The Atlantic, but if you're interested in WWII submarines I highly recommend One Of Our Submarines by Edward Young. What about crossbows? They share many of the same advantages of early muskets over archers. They're easier to train than archers, cheap to produce, aren't unique per weapon, and don't demand as much strength. Compared to early firearms they were accurate, quick to reload, and had equal or better range. Sabotage Pearl Harbor was primarily concerned with sabotage, yet still put the brand new radar on alert. 

The book makes you very much appreciate how complicated and delicate WWII submarines were. His experiences will resonate with what other submarine captains experienced everywhere in the war. Yes, a 20 year old in 1944 could be alive to see the empire fall 50 years later in 1992. 1931 saw the Statute of Westminster which made certain Dominions (Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Irish Free State, New Foundland, and South Africa) independent nations within a Commonwealth. Despite the British sovereign being in technical control, it's arguable whether they still count as imperial subjects. They could pass their own laws and nullify British ones.