Obviously, the nuance you're considering is valid. Our ability to outplay this opponent and whether that is more valuable in the long run than just taking a more volatile approach and trying to get stacks in now is worth considering. That said... Specifically, opening a small pocket pair from any position should be considered with regard to just a few important things: Generally, mid to large PP's 99-AA are likely profitable from anywhere due to their underlying strength. They have all the advantages of small PP's, plus the addition of better showdown value. The equity advantage of starting hands is exponential. Chens formula give more weight to Aces than to Kings, etc. but that will mean nothing on, for example, a four flush board with no card of that suit in your hand! As a starting point, your odds of hitting a set on the flop with a pocket pair is Essentially, What you are today you are now becoming! So if a person knew this, they could increase their (negative)EV when bluffing by betting more, but there would be no EV change by betting more with value hands. It's a little bit arbitrary of a system but you could try something similar and I think it results in enough calls for the bot to start gathering information and adjusting. Similarly, if the bet is 500 into a 100 pot, a bluff has a return of (1/5)(-500) + (4/5)(100) = -20, and a value bet has a return of (1/5)(600) + (4/5)(100) = 200, which again has no benefit over betting just the pot size. How often should a bot call a human in this situation given different bet sizes is what I now understand the question to be, and with no previous information or statistics to go on. The goal then is to stay the least exploitable as possible while calling enough to start gathering stats to use in further hands. For over-sized bets, take the example of a bet of 200 into a 100 pot. When the human player is bluffing, the bot calls 50% of the time (loss of 200 for the human) and the bot folds 50% of the time (gain of 100 for the human) which comes out to an EV of -50 to be bluffing. When the human player is betting for value with a stronger hand, the bot will call 50% of the time (gain of 300 total for the human) and the bot will fold 50% of the time (gain of 100 already in the pot for human) which leads to an EV of +200 for the value-bettor. But if the person had instead bet exactly the pot of 100, the bot would have called 100% of the time and there would be an EV of +200, so the person gained nothing by betting more. For a pot size bet, the assumption is that the human player is bluffing (or betting for value with a worse hand) 33% of the time and betting with a stronger hand 67% of the time. With nothing else to go on, this can't be too far off and the smaller the bet is the better the pot odds are for the bot to call. There is one possibility for improvement if your opponent is playing aggressively preflop: If that's the case, you should just call here, with the intention of check/raising all-in. That's only a good option if he is very likely to raise when you limp. Ignoring the fact that he called with 75o (as that does prove your point), what makes you conclude that this opponent is a weaker player? Often in Heads-up tournament play, the best strategy is to play A LOT of hands and play them very aggressively. It sounds like this is what he was doing. If he's aggressive enough to make it hard to whittle him down, you need to figure out where else you can get an edge. You're probably going to have to win a big pot somewhere along the way, to make up for the chips you lose in the smaller pots. If your opponent is willing to overplay his hands preflop by calling with weak holdings, then an all-in play with the fairly short stack you hold sounds pretty attractive. You just need to find a hand that is likely to be a favorite against his calling range. I think you have one here. Against the type of player I described, I believe you can safely shove 77+, A5s+, A8o+, and any two broadway cards. Simply put, if you let the type of game interfere with what you believe/know to be an effective strategy, then that's a weakness. Depending on your motives for playing poker, it's only detrimental to your skill set if you're letting obviously bad play, when engaged in play-money poker, become a habitualised part of your game when playing for real money. Also, the equity distribution of starting hands is NOT linear. The "Chen Formula" tries to equate for this weakness, but is less flexible than is best as hand strengths are relative, not absolute. For example, Many players think AA is just as much better than KK, as KK is better than QQ. It isn't. This graph illustrates that point... A8s is approximately within the top 13% of hands depending on how you use hand rankings but it's very close whichever way you look at it. In this instance, your opponent would have to restrict his calling range to approximately 7% of all hands to be a ~55% favourite, give or take a small adjustment because of the blinds already in play.