Typically not during the turn. I've seen it done it the wet sometimes, but taking your foot out/off of the pedal during a turn will affect up your balance, especially on a road bike. Getting your foot out of pedal at the last minute is really hard, especially with road pedals. 

There's a lot more movement of your body on and over the bike on a trail than on the road. The more technical the trail, the more this is true. The "lean the bike, not the body" advice is a good rule of thumb, but it is not a one size fits all solution for mountain biking. There are so many different types of turns in mountain biking- fast, slow, bermed, off-camber, uphill, downhill, steep, flat, loose, rocky hardpacked, etc, and nearly infinite combinations of each. Many categories of turns deserve their own questions for cornering technique. 

You'll also notice on the mountain bike cornering images that in big berms the riders are typically more centered over the bike, sharing the posture of the cornering roadies. That's because when traction isn't an issue being centered over the bike is the most balanced and stable way through a turn, and that's why you see road riders using that posture most of the time. 

On a road bike, typically only for slow speed maneuvers. There are probably exceptions but I can't think of them at the moment. 

In a turn, whether you're leaning the bike, or your body, or both, that "local gravity" line is what's keeping you from highsiding or lowsiding. The center of gravity and that center line just moves depending on what you're leaning and how low you're getting. 

If you've got everything weighted properly and you're lucky, the back will cut before the front does, at which point you've got a fraction of a second to stand the bike back up, or you crash. If the front goes first, you crash. A lot of knowing the limits of road bike tire traction comes from experience, and crashing. 

Update 2: A fun video: How To Get Rid Of Wheelsuckers 

Using a vehicles wake. If you are a stronger sprinter jumping into a vehicles draft for a period of time allowing you to surge ahead Lie: While your friend is drafting casually say: "You know I am just not feeling it today... do you want to call it quits?" Then while they are thinking follow this with a decisive strike. Change the goal posts: Near the end if your friend is still drafting suddenly sprint for a arbitrary close finish line. Claim victory! As an extension, in the post finish confusion, attack again to actually win. The Importance of Execution The tactics and strategy outlined above will rely heavily on execution, which can be difficult for beginners. Many new riders will only partially commit to a tactic, holding back for fear that it might not work out. The "secret" is that once you decide on a tactic you really have to commit everything to it (i.e., willingness lose and look like a fool). Otherwise it is only a half strength attack which is easier for the other rider to survive. The more experienced rider will be practiced in the determination needed to knuckle down and survive an attack (even though they may be less fit overall). This mental strength and experience can make them a formidable opponent if you do not fully commit to a strategy or tactic. 

It is also easier to change on the front ring of a triple, on a compact you'll often need to change down a gear or two on the back when you move on to the bigger front ring, which means the chain is being yanked both ways and strained that bit more. But on the triple, you're not as far away, so you'll often not need to change the back at the same time as shifting the front. 

You also get a lot more options; so you'll get the similar effective ratios in several ways, because the ranges on the big ring overlap more with the middle, and the middle with the little one. Also, the gears are closer together - so you're more likely to find something that works well at the right time. 

You should keep tyres topped up, natural leakage occurs and at the higher pressures you might expect 10-20 psi drift within a week. 

The only caveat is in poor weather, where a reduction in pressure increases the contact area and introduces give, which should make for enhanced traction. 

It can take time and practice for beginners to develop the "killer" instinct needed for success, so don't get discouraged if a chosen strategy doesn't work first time out. Sometimes you just have to keep throwing mud at the wall to get some to stick. 

Bearing seals will slow down free spinning. In actual use the added resistance from the seals is minimal and the seals ensure the bearings remained greased and in good working order despite the weather conditions (e.g., from dry and dusty, to wet and gritty). SPD-SL are weighted so that the single sided pedal platform faces you (i.e., the rear of the pedal settles in the downward position), making engagement after a stop much easier. Without the weighting the pedal would likely present either side (cleat platform or backside) when you start pedalling making consistent and easy cleat engagement a no go. Anything that is not evenly weighted will not spin as freely as something that is balanced (e.g., unbalanced loads in a washing machine). In use the uneven weighting isn't an issue as the pedals orientation remains static in use. In short, the test you derived for old style pedals worked well for them, but hold less meaning for newer Shimano SPD-SL road pedals.