for him to get support in learning social skills and making friends. If it's true that he's not allowed to play with the other children (which frankly sounds unlikely) then obviously that restriction needs to end. 

Here's some excerpts from an article on the subject: 

Parenting In Blended Families, Michael G. Conner, Psy.D 

You won't necessarily get all the things you ask for, but it's helpful to go into the meeting with an attitude of "my son's educational experience really needs improving and here are some things that I think might help, what do you think?" rather than "you teachers are nasty sadists who hate me and my son, I hate you right back and I want to tell you what terrible people and awful teachers you are" - that latter attitude is how your post above reads. 

The article below seems quite relevant to me, and might be helpful, I recommend you read all of it: 

That the school's only reason for wanting your son to be on the Special Education program is to get the additional funding that comes with that, i.e. that the school administration's sole concern is its budget, and that they're not interested in your son's wellbeing or his educational needs. 

your son to be provided with a less noisy/distracting/bothersome environment for doing his work, at least some of the time. 

Sure, there are some bad teachers out there, but they're really in a minority. Most teachers are not "faulty, cruel" people. 

your son to be transferred to a different class with a different teacher (if there is another class at the same grade level). 

But remember, all families are different and have different needs. One stepchild we saw in therapy actually complained about her stepfather never providing any discipline for her. She felt he favored her half-brother over her because he would discipline his own son, but avoided giving her consequences or setting limits with her. Although this is a rare case, it brings up the importance of finding what works best for you, your spouse and your stepchildren. Communication between you and your mate is essential for a successful family, in any situation. 

I suggest making another written list of what you want or of what you think good solutions might be, before the meeting. Some of the things you could choose to ask for: 

2) For the appointment, if you have a partner then try to find someone else to do childcare so that you can take your partner into school for the appointment with you. If you don't have a partner then I'd suggest bringing your mum or a close friend with you. It can really help to feel that you've got someone you trust there next to you for moral support. It can also help you to discuss the problem with them before and after the meeting and get their perspective on what the principal says. 

It seems like you and his mum might - consciously or subconsciously - share that feeling, as you say that it's almost always his mum that disciplines him. 

Sometimes we end up trading information: I tell them what I had for lunch and they immediately pipe up wanting to tell me what they had for lunch; I tell them about the best/worst thing that happened in my day and they immediately want me to know the best/worst thing that happened in their day. So I'm not actually asking any questions at all - this can work quite well. 

Agreeing on how you will discipline your kids—and coming up with a plan together—is a good way to go about getting on the same page. Many families have a system where the biological parent will discipline his or her own child, with the stepparent’s support. This works as long as the two of you agree on a fair method of discipline for all kids. 

This shows that you listened to them last time they told you about stuff, and it shows more specific (and therefore more believable) interest than a blanket "how was your day?", which can seem perfunctory, and so gets a perfunctory answer.