The Twelfth Amendment specifies: Finally, the 25th Amendment modifies this by adding: The cleanest possibility here is that by refusing to take the oath, the President-elect renders himself "unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office". The VP will notify Congress, and become Acting President. He will stay Acting President for the entire 4-year term, and then be eligible for a single extra term as President. “And so an unauthorized server in the basement is not mishandling?” Mr. Hurd said. “No Justice Department, whether under Democrats or Republicans, would prosecute that case,” he said. (ref) Based on the summary of the College for All Act he introduced in the Senate, that would be prevented the same way that any misuse of federal funds is: The law itself prohibits it. First of all, are there any states which elect some or all of their Representatives in an "at large" manner? If not, has it been tried in the past and changed? Or, alternatively, is there a federal law requiring this method? If a Senator missed a vote (deliberately or not), and all other Senators are present and voting, it would deny the VP the opportunity to break a tie. However, there's no point to deliberately doing this. Most of the 'unConstitutional' determinations about Trumps statements are based on an obtuse expansion of his statements beyond what he said. In referencing actions taken by FDR to limit the immigration of Germans, Italians, and Japanese, he opened himself up to a connection to the Japanese internment. Past that, there are current Treaties and other associated agreements between these US and other nations regarding immigration policies. It would take an act of Congress, adjusting legislation, to modify who is allowed into these United States. Housing: If you live in federally subsidized housing, any marijuana use or possession charges may mean that you lose your federal housing benefits. If you have questions, please contact the Colorado Division of Housing. The "real" value that people claim should enjoy more credence than 4.9% is the U-6 number, of 9.7%. The U-3 value, 4.9%, only accounts for "Total unemployed, as a percent of the civilian labor force (official unemployment rate)." Per the above, U-6 accounts for "Total unemployed, plus all persons marginally attached to the labor force, plus total employed part time for economic reasons, as a percent of the civilian labor force plus all persons marginally attached to the labor force." U-6 is considered more inclusive, accounting for the unemployed, underemployed, and those discouraged from looking for a job. First of all, are there any states which elect some or all of their Representatives in an "at large" manner? If not, has it been tried in the past and changed? Or, alternatively, is there a federal law requiring this method? The Cruz amendment went beyond that to extend it to pretty much any type of schooling - tutoring, home schooling, etc. This basically would mean that parents who home school their children could put tax-exempt money into the plan, and then pay themselves back for any school-related expenses. This then can lead to a lot of normal things being claimed as tax expenses: for example, is providing room and board to a homeschooled child a deductible expense in the same way that paying someone else to house your kid would be? However, there's a compromise position I haven't heard anyone espousing, and I'm wondering whether it would be legal under current SCOTUS precedent. It is worth noting that none of these provisions have ever been used or tested in court. It's possible that if an event happened such that they were needed, a Cabinet member who was presumed dead (and thus passed over) may try to argue that "presumed dead" is not a disability or failure to qualify in the sense of (d)(2), and that they should replace the current Acting President. At that point, they would have standing to sue the current officeholder, and the courts could decide which one will hold the office, whether it's a political question that courts can't address, or whether the whole act is unconstiutional. Washington What is the federal government going to do? On August 29, 2013 Attorney General Eric Holder called both Governors Jay Inslee and John Hickenlooper (Colorado) to outline the federal government’s guidance on legalized marijuana. That guidance was also outlined in a memo which focuses on eight points of federal emphasis such as youth access and public safety which the LCB’s rules address. The regulatory system for marijuana, and the rules written by the Board appears to meet those eight points. The memo does not change federal law. Governor Inslee’s office is maintaining an open dialogue with the federal government and the WSLCB is moving forward to carry out the expectations of the agency under the new law. Part of it is most certainly about pandering to his base. 67% of Republicans believe too little is spent on defense. Though, there is room for universal appeal, where this could be an effort to unify the country, because 41% of individuals surveyed have a great deal of confidence in the military, while an additional 32% have quite a lot.