He knows we don't tolerate that pestering, and if he came to us we would make him play with something else, so instead he approaches a sympathetic adult, puts on a sad expression, and starts whining about his sister not "sharing." Those adults then treat him like he's the victim, give him lots of attention, and spend a lot of effort finding him a toy he will like better. If we comment on his attitude, they take his side. 

I'm not talking about grandparents or other relatives here. With those people we have had plenty of time to lay out our expectations. I'm talking about people like receptionists, nurses, retail workers, waiters, etc. with whom we don't have time to have a lengthy discussion on parenting. 

She doesn't necessarily have a disorder either. Kids develop at different rates, and she probably just got a little behind at some point, which in today's standards-driven, test-based curriculum is sometimes very hard to come back from. 

Consider that our situation might be worse than other parents. My 10 year-old has cerebral palsy, but we still expect her to behave to her potential, which others are not usually aware of. However, it is not in her nature to intentionally take advantage of her situation. 

You all know adults who undermine your authority when you're out and about with your children. They coddle your kids when they misbehave, and your kids know it and take advantage of the situation to see how much they can get away with, especially when your focus is elsewhere. 

Nor do I think it's a matter of refusal to do it. She probably just doesn't know how. 

So ask the same kinds of questions you were asking at the end, except ask them after every chapter. Add questions about changes, like, "Do you still think Sarah is mean? Why not? What made her change?" She will soon be able to do this naturally on her own. Good teachers used to do with books they read aloud in class. I don't know if they have time for it anymore. Parents can do this for books they read aloud to their kids in the summer. 

Different people read for different reasons, and have different levels of talent at the formal analysis aspects of it. I think your sister enjoys it as an escapist activity, and there's nothing necessarily wrong with that. 

My seven year-old is quite small for his age, and since he is homeschooled, is often out when other kids are in school. I think this leads people to unconsciously set their expectations lower, as if he were preschool age, which he can kind of pass for. He's really the one who milks it for all it's worth, usually at the expense of his sisters. 

First of all, why do adults do this? Second, what are some ideas to either stop it quickly or teach kids not to take advantage of it? 

The best thing you can do is avoid holding the questions until the very end. Good readers are constantly, although usually subconsciously, reevaluating questions about plot, theme, and character development. Readers who are struggling with comprehension need to be taught this consciously.