We teach my son numbers, colors, shapes, sizes, and any number of adjectives (and adverbs!) in addition to nouns (objects, animals, etc.) So, I joked to my wife the other day that she was getting macaroni art for mother's day. For short hospital visits or doctor's appointments, a tablet game or book can be sufficient to hold my sons interest while things are getting done. Draw regularly, and make it play, not work Drawing is an exercise, and can easily begin to feel like work. Your child is exercising their body, as they development fine and gross motor control, and they're exercising cognitive processes as they're trying to express themselves in a physical, visual format. It's important to note that these are generalized developmental milestones, and not hard and fast timelines. How can I keep my son occupied in a medical room, and prevent him from playing with or getting into medical equipment and supplies? A clear example is one from my own youth: I would often rush to complete a drawing or coloring page, and in my excited impatience fail to take the time necessary to stay in the lines. Here, my specific problem was more behavioral, and a reminder to take my time and to be calm would help to address the problem. For full disclosure, the reason that I want to know right now is because my next son is due to arrive in about 6 weeks. The earliest most of friends/family could arrive would be 3-4 hours after we let them know the action has started. The last delivery was planned to be induced, so everyone knew well ahead of time when to be there. This time, it's likely going to be on nature's schedule. Different kinds of emotional abuse (belitting vs. neglect, for example) have different consequences. But honestly, I don't think this is a hugely important point, because trying to evaluate which sort of trauma you'd prefer for your child is a cruel question. None of them are good. Their experience wasn't traumatizing because of the alcoholism directly, but instead because of his incredibly bad parenting style. I have a good friend whose mother was an alcoholic, and her experience was different: her parent was rather distant and inattentive when drunk instead of being aggressive and frightening. My grandfather was an alcoholic. This resulted in a lot of emotional trauma for my mother and her siblings, which they're still struggling with decades later (some successfully, some less so). He wasn't a "happy" drunk, and was angry, demeaning, and emotionally abusive towards his family very regularly. I and my siblings and cousins had to grow up with confused/depressed/angry parents -- this one emotionally abusive alcoholic had a significant impact on the emotional well-being of not just his kids, but also his grandkids. Here are examples of the things we can say to my son, where he has full comprehension and can perform the related tasks: For full disclosure, the reason that I want to know right now is because my next son is due to arrive in about 6 weeks. The earliest most of friends/family could arrive would be 3-4 hours after we let them know the action has started. The last delivery was planned to be induced, so everyone knew well ahead of time when to be there. This time, it's likely going to be on nature's schedule. He also gets scared around strangers, or family he hasn't seen in a while. My son is also 2 years old, and is occasionally frightened by unexpected things. We teach my son numbers, colors, shapes, sizes, and any number of adjectives (and adverbs!) in addition to nouns (objects, animals, etc.) Draw regularly, and make it play, not work Drawing is an exercise, and can easily begin to feel like work. Your child is exercising their body, as they development fine and gross motor control, and they're exercising cognitive processes as they're trying to express themselves in a physical, visual format. Each stage of development lays the foundation for the next stage1. So even if your child can't draw a recognizable animal, they're still learning to draw. I would never trade the ability I have to communicate meaningfully with my son just to remove a few moments of teaching time from our lives each day. We don't see these learning opportunities as a bother, and actually enjoy them. I'd also suggest looking over Impact of Substance Abuse on Families (Chapter 2 of Substance Abuse Treatment and Family Therapy). My grandfather was an alcoholic. This resulted in a lot of emotional trauma for my mother and her siblings, which they're still struggling with decades later (some successfully, some less so). He wasn't a "happy" drunk, and was angry, demeaning, and emotionally abusive towards his family very regularly. I and my siblings and cousins had to grow up with confused/depressed/angry parents -- this one emotionally abusive alcoholic had a significant impact on the emotional well-being of not just his kids, but also his grandkids. In particular, a quote from the NIH article Children of Alcoholics: Are They Different? conveys better what I had hoped to express -- there can be significant impacts from having an alcoholic parent, but largely because of emotional abuse: Edited to add: I'm also realizing (from other comments and from considering my toddler's behavior) that part of it is imitating parenting. For example, if you tell him, "Let's go into this room," do you look to see that he's following? He's decided that's an expected part of the process, and therefore watches you! Earlier this afternoon I was filling a sippy cup for my son, and he said "Oh, good job, mommy," (the same inflection I use towards him!) and patted me on the shoulder when I handed him the cup.