As an addendum - when they make you sign in the voter book, you can see and remember any other people's names as they open up pages to find yours, never mind names on your own page. No need even for basic social engineering. Second reason is purely practical. The pros and cons of polygamy from Psychology Today. They often have progressive bent in my limited experience (as in, publish articles how conservatism is a mental disorder, in full seriousness) so probably also have a different axe to grind. Can be mitigated by voting as someone you know hasn't voted yet (or coming to vote very early, as per Al Capone's famous admonition). New Zealand has no codified constitution The ultimate political reason why all states don't mandate it is because a majority of the citizens of those states don't want those inspections (or rather, don't put enough pressure so that a majority of their state legislature wants to vote for them). CA Educational Code (http://law.onecle.com/california/education/index.html) lists several sections clearly dealing with PhysEd, most in 512xx range: That can be independent (you are able and willing to repel any forces another country sends to take the control from you) or international (there exists a sufficient amount of other countries that not simply recognize your sovereignty, but are willing to back up that recognition in a meaningful way, either peacefully - e.g. through UN resolutions - but ultimately, through the use of force. [2] - there are obvious national security concerns here since some of the conversations happening are of classified nature. But they are a minority, and such recordings can be treated like any OTHER classified government information Same volunteers deciding your signature is "wrong" Please note that there is a (smaller) group of people who are very nuanced about this: they wish to combine legalizing the consumption of drugs itself, BUT at the same time, strongly increase penalties for any other crimes or even misdemeanours that may endanger other people, such as DUI ( my own personal proposal would be to exchange legalizing drugs for declaring DUI to be fully legally treated as attempted murder and any victims resulting from DUI as premeditated actual/attempted murder). In Colorado, a Secretary of State Scott Gessler found that there is no Constitutional right to a secret ballot, when ID barcodes on ballots were challenged in 2012. Come to vote and pretend to be someone who is already registered to vote (as per above, a very easy feat via social engineering). Obviously, there are many many different approaches to solve (or try to solve) the problem, but our notional voter was inspired by NSA revelations and British CCTV program to become a fan of total surveillance methodology. As such, they want to propose an audacious plan of wiring all of Capitol and White House to 100%[1] continuously record full audio and video, capturing all conversations happening there, especially the ones that expose the sausage-making and corruption.