Christ is our high priest who we are to approach, not St. Somebody, Mary, or any earthly priest: I am assuming that when he says ‘the last instant of pronouncing the words’ he means two instantaneous events. The bread turns into his body after saying ‘this is my Body’ and another event when the wine turns into his blood, after saying ‘this is the chalice of my Blood’. Reading the official documents are somewhat complicated because Greek philosophical terms about substances, their relative quantities and the accidents or things we experience from our sense when observing those substances are couched in the terms used to explain the intended doctrine. Basically in laymen terms, our senses perceive ‘accidents’ but only the mind knows the ‘substance’. What this essentially implies is that Catholics while still seeing the accidents of regular bread and wine that the substance of Christ is miraculously maintaining, this transformed substance. For example the transformed material is to literally understood as the physical body of Christ: Entrance into a state of salvation While evangelicals generally believe a person is born again, or made alive, by faith in Christ, Catholics understand a person to enter into a similar state of salvation by Baptism into the Roman Catholic church Something to be careful about is that these terms are just used to express different distinctions of one person. In the Trinity it refers to the distinction of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit in One person. In the Incarnation the Divine and Human nature are distinguished in the Christ after the incarnation. However, we must remember that although the Divine nature is a sense a hypostasis of Christ, it is not in anyway really ‘standing under’ anything. It is only used in this way to say these natures stand under the Christ as a person logically. However, clearly it is the divine nature and not the human that is the root of Christ’s person, or ‘standing over’ it as it were before the incarnation. The second person of the Trinity is the root into which the human nature was grafted, not the other way around. Therefore the person of Christ is in itself kind of a hypostasis of God for he is still the Eternal Son, even though his divinity could be said to be a ‘hypostasis’ on account of his person taking upon humanity through the Incarnation. In this way both the Trinity and the Incantation use hypostasis or subsistence in a non-contradictory way. The correct bible that a Catholic is supposed to use is the Latin Vulgate Bible. That is the official bible of the Catholic Church. That is the one which is used in papal masses. Since there are alternate explanations and meanings for Mathew 16:18 Illicit but valid: Mass performed by an excommunicated priest Or priestly ordination of men without papal approval. It was she (Mary), the second Eve, who, free from all sin, original or personal, and always more intimately united with her Son. - Pope Pius XII in Mystici Corporis, 110 Catholic Church does not say it is necessary to receive Communion in one species alone. It says it is sufficient to receive Communion in one species alone. Other than the process becoming faster than before, I do not think there are any other impacts. After-all canonizations are infallible proclamations by the Pope. Invalid: Mass performed without proper form, matter or intention. Or an attempt at priestly ordination of women. Please note that all invalid sacraments are Illicit. Why does the Catholic church have so many Masses throughout the week? Mary is the Queen of Universe because Christ is the King of Universe. Popes might validly succeed each other if and only if they have proper apostolic succession (i.e they are validly consecrated bishops). This is why Stephen II is not considered a pope. Because Mary was not sinless on her own. Everything that is perfect in Mary comes from God. Mary would not be sinless if Christ did not die on the cross. In other words, God acts outside time, so at the moment of her conception, God used the grace of redemption merited on the cross to protect Mary from original sin by a single act of grace. Do not slaughter a cow or a sheep and its young on the same day. (Leviticus 22:28, NIV) Why is Eucharist observed in Catholic parishes every Sunday? Do they observe on other days too? Are Catholics obligated to attend the mass every Sunday? Do not cook a young goat in its mother's milk. (Deuteronomy 14:21, NIV) What are the uses of Holy Water? The angel of the Lord asked him, “Why have you beaten your donkey these three times? I have come here to oppose you because your path is a reckless one before me. (Numbers 22:32, NIV) The Catechism of the Catholic Church has useful information on how we should treat the animals. I noticed that Catholics dip their fingers in Holy Water kept mostly at the entrance to the Church and apply it on their forehead. The sale of relics is strictly forbidden by the Church. The Code of Canon Law states: Do not muzzle an ox while it is treading out the grain. (Deuteronomy 25:4, NIV) [2417] God entrusted animals to the stewardship of those whom he created in his own image. Hence it is legitimate to use animals for food and clothing. They may be domesticated to help man in his work and leisure. Medical and scientific experimentation on animals is a morally acceptable practice if it remains within reasonable limits and contributes to caring for or saving human lives. We can also find some verses from the Bible which seem to indicate that we should show kindness to animals. Apostolic See decides what is to be done with the relics. How are first class relics prepared? They are preserved in special containers, after carefully cleaning them, perfuming them and repairing them if required. Is there any specific liquid/water for it? [2418] It is contrary to human dignity to cause animals to suffer or die needlessly. It is likewise unworthy to spend money on them that should as a priority go to the relief of human misery. One can love animals; one should not direct to them the affection due only to persons.