Here is another delightful video with a variation of the same scenario: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdxucpPq6Lc But he remains unsatisfied with the explanations he explores in that chapter. For him the paradox manifests in the fact that we are cognitively aware of conscious experience - for example, talking about qualia seems to be one of its causal effects: We can further think of this happening every morning when we wake up from dreamless sleep; maybe what happens is that the brain enters a state required for consciousness, but consciousness appears at its leisure, one microsecond later, one minute later, once in an aeon maybe a year later, and only then that person proceeds to wake up. This is false, since dreams may involve false memories, and these false memories can provide you with a sufficient sense of continuity within the dream world. therefore, and in response to your question about hardware vs. software level of abstractions, I think it doesn't really matter what is going on at these levels, as long as we understand that in principle, there is a level in there that satisfied the criterion for an algorithm. for example, a high level language, may be too abstract to count as a specification of an algorithm in the above sense, and the hardware level may also fail to satisfy our requirement since it relies on occult quantum mechanical phenomena, but the level of machine language, somewhere in between, is probably good enough. Shameless plug: I raise some objections to his arguments in http://philpapers.org/archive/AIDYAO.pdf - comments would be appreciated. 1) Every argument has problems, so pointing out its problems does not explain why it is overlooked. Finally, consciousness and thinking are distinct concepts. Consciousness is something you can have or be while thinking is something you can do. A philosopher may be thinking of being conscious. A meditator may be conscious of thinking. 2) Is it really overlooked? I don't know. If people in this community do not come up with references I would appreciate if you could contact the author of said book with this question and let us know the answer here. (what is the name of the book?)