In Auckland 2016 draw you can see that the "last" tennis player direct acceptance (no qualification needed) in Mariana Duque-Marino (ranking 78th), there are 4 slot for qualification players and 2 Wild Cards. It is interesting to notice that for Nadal this 2017 Roland Garros represents his personal career record for percentage of game won on game losts (116 GW vs only 35 GL => 76.8%) When: suggested by ITF in 2001, experimental in 2002, it becames a rule from the year 2003 source This rule applies to every tournaments, Grand Slam and minor ones. Here the updated wikipedia pages with the list In history never happened that a Grand Slam tournament was totally abandoned by weather. You can check the list of men and women winners. Anyway you can use this hint to understand the meaning of the points: Different from what are you asking is the break ask by the tennis player because of a little injury (eg blisters) or to go to the toilet It can happened that a very long match is interrupped by the umpire because of the hours (see Isner-Mahut match details) Leave the court for a break is not expected during tennis matches even if the previous set was very long. What is the record of saved match points in a ATP/WTA tennis match? Here the video of the draw of Australian Open 2016 In the main draw there are also free slot assigned by tournaments directors (Wild Cards) and for qualifing. Tennis players that do not enter directly in the main draw for rankings can play the qualification. The qualification draws are managed in the same way. Tournaments schedule are planned to manage weather problems, sometimes it happened that a player has played two singles match the same day. I often listen to the tennis matches that a left-handed has an advantage to play tennis. Top players position (32 for Grand Slam Tournaments) are determined by official rankings then other players who enter directly in the main draw are drawn. What would be the reasons of this "skill"? ATP/WTA tournaments last one week, only Grand Slam ones last two weeks. I mean that player who saved match points finally wins the game But it happened that ATP/WTA tournaments delay a lot and the final was played on monday (i.e Wimbledon 1919, 1922, 2001) So is it possible that the 33rd players (if all the first 32 take part to the Grand Slam) is raffled to play the first round versus draw numer 1. Point 2 is the Nodal Point (Node in your image) and produces the least amount of vibration when struck. Frame vibration is what players feel after ball contact in certain more flexible rackets. What: if you are talking about "Super Tie-break" the appendix V of ITF rules of tennis you can see info about Match tie-breaks (10 points): this is a tie-break to 10 points, a shorter solutions played instead of third (final) set