As Mark Shea, a catholic apologist writes: When I talk about heaven, I'm always quick to point out that the "golden harp on a cloud" picture that we have of heaven isn't biblical, and frankly it would be kinda boring. Instead, I point out that eternal life with God is anything but static- we re still growing in heaven! This was precisely the view of John Chrysostom (the Golden Mouth), who in full 4th century fair writes: One can see in the above quote that it is the Pope who is being villified and seen as contrary to Christ - and the Papist would be anyone who support him. The name of Noah's wife is exceedingly unlikely to inform any of these things. A theological justification for the point then is this - Eve was deceived, and therefore all women can no longer be trusted. It is, in fact, Scriptural, using a very plain sense reading of the text. In Catholic understanding, there is a divine law and a natural law. Based on my reading, it seems like Divine Law = Revelation (as a Protestant would call it) and Natural Law = what you could deduce about right and wrong simply by using Reason to extrapolate the consequences of the act. That said, there are varying interpretations and contra-indications to such a plain instruction. (2 John being addressed to "the elect lady and her church" comes to mind.) But, if the standard interpretation is the sensus plenior here, then the Bishop of Rome would simply being saying that the church has no authority to create a new teaching out of a very old Scripture. After all, the order of things was established far before him, and woe betide the one who tries to change it. In Pope Clement XI's Prayer for all things necessary for salvation, for example, supplicants pray: (in Not by Scripture Alone, edited by Robert A. Sungenis, Santa Barbara, CA: Queenship Pub. Co., 1997, chapter 4: "What is the Relationship Between Scripture and Tradition?," 169-210; quote from 181-182) This sort of polemic rightly earns John Bunyan the adjective "anti-Papist," and truly the term originates as an anti- thing, rather than the thing itself. Being anti-Papist means you are against the Pope, and anyone who gives him succor is your enemy. (I feel dirty even typing this, Peter, and I do apologize that this is what my church was going through at the time)