— Sunan Ibn Majah, Book 37, Hadith 4393 The short answer is it depends, but generally speaking not authentic. There is a hadith with very similar wording in Sunan Ibn Majah, the Book of Zuhd, out of which a quote is provided below: The hadith means that because of the easy-going, generous, lenient attributes of the believers, people will want to befriend them and they will reciprocally befriend people. Those who are weak in their belief will likewise be weak in manners: rough, hard to deal with, and so on. Other hadiths that have similar meanings are below. It was narrated that Ibn Ma'qil said: I entered with my father upon 'Abdullah, and I heard him say: The Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) said: "Regret is repentance." The Prophet (ﷺ) said: Yes, by whom my soul is in His hand, at that time, the princes will do hajj for fun and picnic, and the mid-class for trade, and the poor for begging, and the readers for showing off and reputation. First, saying "we were told through" means that Ibn 'Abdel-Hakam heard it from some source or sources (not named, but usually means his teachers) that Abi-'Abda narrated it. There is a severance in the chain of narration, as we do not know who told Ibn 'Abdel-Hakam this story. Ibn 'Umar reported that the Prophet, may Allah bless him and grant him peace, said, "The believer who mixes with people and endures their injury is better than the person who does not mix with people nor endure their injury." The version of the hadith that has said phrase was documented in Riyad as-Salihin » The Book of Miscellany » Hadith 78 through Abu Bakr Al-Isma'ili, and in this version, the polytheist did not accept Islam, and there is no mention that the Prophet put the sword to the polytheist's neck, neither does the link in the question: What are the interpretations of the hadith? Several scholars, when interpreting this hadith, say it is describing the signs of the onset of hypocrisy of actions. In Al-Baqarah 2:14, Allah describes the hypocrites (as a group of people, not individually) as doing exactly that: displaying a public image that does not befit their actions when they are among themselves (whom Allah describes as devils). For example (not a conclusive list): The conditions are those relating to the credibility level of the people in the narration chain. — NOTE: My own translation, so treat with care: Finally, only disbelievers despair of Allah's mercy. As Muslims, we believe that Allah forgives all sins, regardless of how huge the amount of sins one would have long as shirk is not committed.