For your fork bridge mounted dyno light the mounts are often cheap steel and if you're lucky there will be a fold or two to strengthen it in places. Those usually end up not working very well. Make the first one any old how, because there's a bit of a learning curve in what works for you. 

That's specific to the type of light and how it's mounted. The only general advice is "make sure it has a proper mount and is installed correctly". Of course, for may lights the answer is "it did not come with a proper mount". Not attaching it will be bad, the thing it's there to lock will loosen or tighten as you pedal. What it does depends on whether it's a left hand or right hand thread. You can do this two ways: find a replacement lockring and BB cup and just swap those. The parts should be nearly free... if you can find them. It's not worth paying someone to do this, so you'll need to rely on the friend who has the parts also having the tools. 

Assuming it's not a standard/British bottom bracket, your choices are a non-threaded "universal" BB that just sits in the frame held by screwing the two parts together, and a threaded one that actually screws into the frame. The former will probably be easier to find, but be aware that it will almost certainly damage the threads in your bike over time, so once you put one in you can't go back. 

The other way is to buy a modern cartridge/sealed bottom bracket and fit that. You really need to know which threads are on both sides of the BB to know what BB to buy, so first you need to pull the cranks and extract the existing BB. Personally, I would buy a sealed BB to replace that open one, so I wouldn't be too fussy about how exactly I removed the bottom bracket. But keep the axle, you need to measure that to determine who long it is because that's the key measurement when buying a replacement. Be much more careful about pulling the cranks, you need to keep those. My Rohloff has now done over 80,000 km and it's still making that slightly rough sound characteristic of the early Rohloffs. So much for "it'll wear in and get quieter". Maybe in another 100,000km? I bought a newer Rohloff for my partner's bike a couple of years ago and that one is quieter and shifts more easily. The hassle with dyno lights is that you have to be moving to see the beam. I find that getting it roughly right in the workshop than nudging it while I'm riding works best. Having a nylock nut on the vertical adjustment bolt means I can set it to be "just tight enough" and it won't shift while I play with it later. Then I move the light a little while I'm riding - just reach down and push/pull the light a little until it's pointed the right way. If you don't have a locking nut you'll have to stop the bike at that point and tighten the nut fully to lock the light in place. 

Actually aligning the beam is a matter of deciding how close to you you want the beam to hit the road and aiming it accordingly. Too close and you have a small, very bright spot right in front of you that actally makes it harder to see than not having the light at all. Too far and you're putting most of your light into other people's eyes. With a circular beam you're going to have light going up, there's no way around it. As a secondary thing, I carve my name into tools with an engraver. Those are fairly widely available these days, or most key cutting places will have one. My decent/valuable tools I keep with me at all times, or just don't take to places where I'm worried about losing them. 

Fortunately the parts required are relatively cheap and readily available. Unfortunately you need special tools to do that change. 

If the light slips around on the mounting bolt that's usually easy to fix. Get a locking nut and if necessary a longer bolt so you can fit it. The nut you want is deeper than a normal nut and has a plastic insert to make it less likely to come undone. They're cheap, so most bike shops will buy a box of 100-200 for 5c-20c each (more for stainless steel ones) and charge you 20c-50c for one. Your call as to whether $10 for a box is worth it. If you are right on the end of the bolt don't fart round with removing washers, just buy a longer bolt. Most cities have an industrial fastener shop, find it or use an online one (but $5 shipping on $1 of bolts... ow).