123456789012345678
1 stackoverflow.com
2 our VC asked us to
3 build a business 
4 but we spent all 
5 their money on
6 this brick instead 

SE, Inc. would mostly be acting as a mediator in this case. 

(obviously all these questions would also be tagged with the right keywords) 

(for question and answer votes together, see these graphs.) 

I definitely do not see any need for a special tool for this. If we start building "courtrooms", that's.. scary. I've recently been part of a public jury trial, and the further we can stay away from that level of process, the better off we will be, unless it is a method of absolute last world-ending resort. 

The data certainly doesn't agree. 

too localized This question would only be relevant to a small geographic area, a specific moment in time, or an extraordinarily narrow situation that is not generally applicable to the worldwide audience of the internet. 

As I'm sure you all know, downvotes "cost" 1 reputation. That is, every time you downvote: 

The whole reason we have multiple moderators is to establish a system of checks and balances. Mods do support each other but they can also disagree. 

Having community downvote these OT and NARQ questions at the time of close would accomplish a few things: 

Kicking things off with my dumb suggestion. 

lots of general profiling with .NET profiling tools to identify places where we had gotten sloppy and were doing something inefficient. 

Do not bully users into community wiki. You can offer a carrot in the form of a comment that says "wow, I'd love to vote this up if it was community wiki" but downvoting and other nagging is not appropriate. (addendum: the community wiki flag checkbox is not shown for new users because they can't possibly understand it, you may potentially be nagging new users about a setting they don't even have.) 

What do I mean by "problematic Stack Overflow participants"? Here are the criteria: 

subjective and argumentative It's impossible to objectively answer this question; questions of this type are too open ended and usually lead to confrontation and argument. 

If your submission or suggestion is highly voted and meets the criteria outlined, it's likely to be deployed as the "official" 404 image for one of the trilogy sites … 

That is, downvoting a question -- and only a question -- would now be 

Job listings (e.g. the traditional classified ad model) http://careers.stackoverflow.com/employer/about-listings 

When the post area is moused over, the area expands to: 

Is a good one. The starts-with-tag-colon convention is a bit artificial and should be tweaked. Here's what I'd rather see: 

all our database calls were not quite going through the same central hub (almost, not quite) causing too many database connections in some circumstances. This has been correctly centralized now. 

Right now, you need to use your Facebook account to sign up. We might add other ways to join later on. 

The other two I selected myself. 

But outsourcing your forums or support to Stack Overflow alone is abusive and definitely frowned upon. 

Almost 4× as much reputation has been generated by answers, so I take issue with your statement 

I believe this makes the most sense because: 

a) putting their own effort into the questions they ask of the Stack Overflow community b) learning from the Stack Overflow community c) giving anything back to the Stack Overflow community 

250 Total users with reputation > 4000 who have asked more than 100 questions 

Moderators are of the community; they are not employed by SE, Inc and thus cannot not be influenced one way or another about any perceived or imagined "we're doing what the company paid us to do" bias. 

Edit by Jon: Jeff sent me the source data, so here are the upvote/downvote ratio graphs I asked for. The high peaks are artifacts due to low traffic volumes/insufficient data (there were zero question downvotes on SF on a few days). 

1494 Total users with reputation > 4000 who have asked more than 50 questions 

we deployed a page that shows us our worst query offenders in CPU time, total duration, reads, writes, etc. and optimized the stuff at the top of the lists 

stackoverflow (12.7m) Bill, Marc 

While I applaud the excellent work of all our community moderators, the question has come up: 

This is done to make sure downvotes are cast only when you feel strongly that something is incorrect / wrong / dangerous / of low quality. 

28 For all users with > 4000 reputation: 

I am not sure the rigid format 

You exhibit patience and fairness at all times in your questions, answers, and comments.