As these picture explain there is not much difference between enforcing a follow-on and not enforcing one. And enforcement rate has been clearly dropped, and success on not enforcing has improved. 

a, b and c are parameters whose values are listed below. * is the mathematical sign meaning "multiplied by ", and ** is the mathematical sign meaning "raised to the power of". Throws P=a*(D - b)**c [where D is Distance in metres; e.g. 16.69 for Shot] 

Percentage time added in second half: From blog of espncricinfo by author KARTIKEYA DATE. 

With the help of data for above mentioned activities, we can compare performance of wicket keepers. What I did was to look for overthrow causing 7 runs in an ashes 06/07 Adelaide test Australia 2nd inning by Michael Clarke Link to Youtube Video and search the same match in cricinfo for wagon wheel. Parameters (constants for each event): The white line in wagon wheel is overthrow 7 runs because Clarke has scored only 10 runs against Flintoff. Among which 1sx1 and 2sx1 and no 4s or 6s. 

Percentage time added in first half: After a long search finally found it. Statsbomb Article clearly explain the extra time minute percentage in European 5 top leagues. 

This is two wagon wheel from ESPN Cricinfo showing overthrow. 

Toulouse France team with average age of 23.91 was the youngest team on pitch for domestic league 2016-17. Some article claimed Germany had the most number of team with the lowest average age. But I'm interested in knowing, From IAAF Scoring Tables of Athletics for Indoor and Outdoor may be significant to question: 

where P is the performance (in seconds or metres), B is the base performance below which no points are scored and A and C are parameters calculated for each event. These parameters are not published but it is straightforward to determine them using mathematical software. The answer to this question is Kaz Matsui in 2004 for the New York Mets with 125 hits. The next best are Tommy Harper of the Seattle Pilots with 126 in 1969, Deon Sanders of the Reds in 1997 with 127. And finally rounding out the top 5 are Lou Whitaker and Luis Polonia For the 89 Tigers and 90 Angels respectively with 128 each. My analysis determines that it's fairly common for a team to have a leader with fewer than one hit per game. It's happened over 250 times since the 162 game schedule was adopted in 1962 (with 4 strike shortened seasons thrown out). Which is an average of about five teams per year. 

I've confirmed this to be the case, there are several players from other leagues (Union Association and American Association) that have fewer hits, but it seems their teams played many many fewer games than were scheduled (my baseball history is not strong enough to know why without more research). Bill O'Rourke of the 1878 Boston Red Stockings with 71 hits over the 60 games that comprised that league year. My research also indicates that the all time low water mark is: As mhodges has commented, what analytics has brought to baseball is a better understanding of how to rate those utility players - previously, it was perfectly feasible for a player with a high batting average and who stole a few bases, but struck out a lot and played poor defense to stick around on a roster, but we now know that it's probably better to have someone who has a high walk rate and doesn't stink up the joint defensively. To a large extent, a utility player is still a utility player and is still valuable. In analytic terms, even if a player is only replacement level1 at the positions he plays, then it still carries value to the team in terms of roster flexibility. Team B can now add a second player to its roster - maybe a power hitter who can be used as a pinch hitter, maybe an extra reliever, whatever their greatest need is. This makes them a better team than team A, who can't have that extra player on their roster - or at least, are taking a bigger risk in order to do so. The next best are Tommy Harper of the Seattle Pilots with 126 in 1969, Deon Sanders of the Reds in 1997 with 127. And finally rounding out the top 5 are Lou Whitaker and Luis Polonia For the 89 Tigers and 90 Angels respectively with 128 each. 

Bill O'Rourke of the 1878 Boston Red Stockings with 71 hits over the 60 games that comprised that league year. I've confirmed this to be the case, there are several players from other leagues (Union Association and American Association) that have fewer hits, but it seems their teams played many many fewer games than were scheduled (my baseball history is not strong enough to know why without more research). 

The answer to this question is Kaz Matsui in 2004 for the New York Mets with 125 hits. 

My research also indicates that the all time low water mark is: My analysis determines that it's fairly common for a team to have a leader with fewer than one hit per game. It's happened over 250 times since the 162 game schedule was adopted in 1962 (with 4 strike shortened seasons thrown out). Which is an average of about five teams per year.