(2) An individual acting as President under this subsection shall continue so to do until the expiration of the then current Presidential term, but not after a qualified and prior-entitled individual is able to act, except that the removal of the disability of an individual higher on the list contained in paragraph (1) of this subsection or the ability to qualify on the part of an individual higher on such list shall not terminate his service. It is worth noting that none of these provisions have ever been used or tested in court. It's possible that if an event happened such that they were needed, a Cabinet member who was presumed dead (and thus passed over) may try to argue that "presumed dead" is not a disability or failure to qualify in the sense of (d)(2), and that they should replace the current Acting President. At that point, they would have standing to sue the current officeholder, and the courts could decide which one will hold the office, whether it's a political question that courts can't address, or whether the whole act is unconstiutional. TL;DR There is no concrete answer to this question. Most likely, the VP would at least become Acting President for the duration of the term. If enough politicians really don't like that result, it would likely create a constitutional crisis, which would set new precedent, which might later be encoded into law. Finally, the 25th Amendment modifies this by adding: Whenever the Vice President [and others], transmit to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the President is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office, the Vice President shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the office as Acting President. Article One, Section 6, Clause 2 of the Constitution, aka the Emoluments Clause or Ineligibility Clause says: This may straddle the line between politics and history at this point, but if we didn't have the 22nd Amendment, which limits Presidents to two terms, could Bill Clinton have won a third term? "I think (those challenging the ballot's validity) can satisfy the standard, but once they do, the question is, what do we do now?" Anderson says. "There is no remedy that wouldn't offend the constitutional values of the rest of the electorate." If a new vote were ordered, he says, Palm Beach would be in the unusual position of effectively deciding, on its own, the nation's next president. However, assuming that the candidate refuses to do that, there's at least one logical flow which seems likely to be the path taken. And just as with Harrison and the succession of "His Accidency", John Tyler to the Presidency, new precedent would be set regardless of what happened. Anything beyond that could spark a constitutional crisis. These tend to be resolved by whoever is most dedicated to their interpretation or who can apply the most force. It's possible it would end up before the Supreme Court, but unless someone's proposed solution was wildly outside the implied default of the VP acting as or becoming President, that's unlikely 1. 1 One other thing worth noting is that any solution which ends up with a new or acting President from a different political party than the President-elect will run afoul of the spirit of the 12th Amendment which was specifically created to ensure that the President and the VP (his successor) came from the same party, instead of being antagonistic (as per the original Constitution). While there may not be any direct answers there, if it came before the Supreme Court, they would probably base at least part of their decision on the intent of the 12th.