For example, at the time of writing the support games as per the FAQ are as follows; Users of 64-bit Windows will have Steam located here by default: This should work with any custom location of Steam, for any games that have trouble finding Steam when they launch. Make yourself appear offline by default It is possible to prevent the Steam client from logging into Friends in the Steam settings by clicking on the Steam menu in the main client window, followed by settings and then unchecking 'Automatically sign into Friends when I start Steam' on the 'Friends' tab; Is this possible? How can I customise the 'Exit' menu in Steam Big Picture mode? * Provided your account is in good standing and not restricted from the Steam Marketplace I just tried to start a game I haven't played in some time, and Steam has informed me that I need to wait for an unspecified period of time while it converts the game data into a 'new, more efficient format': Trading with other players on the Steam market Any games you receive additional copies of will appear in your Steam Inventory. You can access your Steam Inventory by clicking on the View menu followed by Inventory, or clicking on the 'envelope' on the Steam titlebar; Other titles will not necessarily require Steam or similar, nor provide a way to add these purchases to these services. You do not need the Steam client installed to purchase a game but you do need a Steam account, then you can either purchase the game via the Steam website or download the client. You will need the Steam client to install and play the game, though. After following through the above steps, I was able to watch videos on YouTube. I wasn't able to test Pandora Radio as it is not available in my region but so long as it is Flash based the above should allow it to work. To enable WebM/h264 compatibility in the Steam Overlay you must use the beta version of Steam as per this thread. Steam will always check for updates on startup and download and install them automatically to ensure that you're running the latest version. Additionally, Steam will occasionally verify all of its files, to ensure that everything is as it should be. This is the window that you're getting. Setting offline mode will prevent you from chatting with any of your friends, and them from chatting with you also. Your friends list will change to show a 'sign in' button and detail that you are currently 'offline';