I also tried on this very site, and it doesn't work. 

In the second screenshot I removed the t from "user-top"; I would expect to see the "page not found" error, which is not what happens. 

Firefox always show the scroll bars, independently from the OS X General settings. Its output is the same I obtain with Google Chrome when OS X is told to always show the scroll bars. When the entry is about a suggestion, the tooltip should be "the suggested edit has been approved," when it has been approved, or "the suggested edit has been rejected"; in this way, when looking the list of all the activities, it would be possible to understand when the entry is about a review done by the user, or a suggested edit. As far as I understand, it's by design. When you log in on facebook.stackoverflow.com using your Facebook login, the picture you use in your Facebook account is transferred to your account on facebook.stackoverflow.com; as facebook.stackoverflow.com is just a mini-site of Stack Overflow, the same image is used on Stack Overflow. The image is not transferred to other Stack Exchange sites, because the other sites just use the Gravatar image associated with the email associated with your Stack Exchange accounts. It's by design, as you are notified the text is changed; the user could have corrected the link given in that post, for example, or changed something else that you need to read. Screenshot of Unix public beta start mouseover http://mrozekma.com/so-a51-unix-beta-public-hover.png However, the Ask Question button doesn't act the same way; when you're on the Ask a Question page the button isn't clickable: I find that behavior useful if I'm on a tab and want to open another tab at the same location; I just middle-click the button. Screenshot of the site list http://so.mrozekma.com/chat-create-room-sites.png Screenshot of the above http://mrozekma.com/so-chat-reverse.png Screenshot of the bug http://so.mrozekma.com/chat-title-bug.png Screenshot of the top navigation with the mouse on Ask Question http://mrozekma.com/so-topnav3.png Screenshot of the top navigation with the mouse on Questions http://mrozekma.com/so-topnav1.png Screenshot of the top navigation with the mouse on Tags http://mrozekma.com/so-topnav2.png I mangled a convert to comment earlier and needed to undelete the post so I could redo it. When the post was converted a second time, I noticed it suddenly had a single undelete vote (it said "undelete (1)" on the link, and showed up in the 10k list). When I undeleted and converted it again it had two votes, and so on: 

How is this any different than posting a bunch of unicode spaces in the post body? Or other general abuse of the system? 

edit: I added the zero-width non-joiner to our length check routine. You'll have to move on to other more obscure unicodez. The only minor downside is that Precognitive could incentivize following a lot of proposals you don't actually care about in hopes of getting the badge by chance. But this is really no different than the "fill out my profile with a bunch of garbage" approach to getting the Autobiographer badge. So the risk is very small, it's just a bronze badge, and the upside is IMO large. The short answer is "don't do that", and the longer answer is "if you keep doing that, there will be consequences." (now, there are exceptions around stuff that IIS7 has cached, like RSS feeds, which we haven't quite figured out. But in typical use of the site, 95% of your requests should be compressed. Verify in the sniffer if you like.. we have!) 

Since Area 51 is itself about creating new sites that don't exist yet, the thought process is supposed to be: The Precognitive badge appears in the badge list on every site to announce the presence of Area 51, and its primary function. visit Area 51 (and we provide a handy link in the badge description itself) -- win look at upcoming site proposals -- win follow likely proposals, which requires reading them and deciding if they have a chance -- win. In conclusion: win. 

In addition to Popular Demand's "funny because it is true" comment .. 

http://www.merryswankster.com/images/SpinalTap_Eleven-thumb.jpg I agree, but in the meantime I am increasing the suggested edit queue size from 40 to 160. 

Resolving things in the queue is usually very rapid -- far more rapid than clearing mod flags, which can be excruciatingly slow to research, load the page, and vet. I see no reason to cap the suggested edit queue so low at this time. we don't host images here in posts (all external image hosts) 

Yes! Thus, based on seeing this badge and reading about it, a user is incentivized to: 

the site itself has almost no images 

Here's what we have in the substitution table The over 100% is intentional -- just indicates that you've gone the "extra mile" beyond the minimum required.