The first papal conclave after the Council of Lyons was in January 1276. Whether because of the new rules, or otherwise, Pope Innocent V was unanimously elected on the first ballot. He died after only five moths. The next conclave lasted 10 days. The restrictions were rigorously enforced by Charles of Anjou, King of Sicily, in his capacity as Senator of Rome. He confined the cardinals so strictly, and cut their rations so drastically, that many cardinals were prostrated by the heat of the Roman Summer. After 11 days they elected Adrian (or Hadrian) V. Ref 

The last very long papal election was 1314 to 1316. It began in Carpentras, but amid scenes of violent disorder the cardinals dispersed: some to Avignon, some to Valence, and some to Orange. There was no quorum anywhere. Eventually the Count of Poitiers, who became Philip V of France, persuaded them to assemble in Lyons promising not to lock them up. After three more months they were locked up, however, and their diet restricted. After lasting forty days of this they finally agreed on Pope John XXII. Ref 

The nailing of the theses continues to be a popular theme, as on this UK banner. 

More importantly, her nunnery was in the territory ruled by Duke George, who was unsympathetic to the Reformation, and had already executed one Heinrich Kener for aiding a nun to escape. She was not closely confined, or guarded like a prisoner, but if she had simply left she would have been in dangerous territory for an escaped nun. Luther, some fifty miles away in Wittenberg, was in the territory of Frederick the Wise, and so the escaped nuns were safe there. 

Pope Clement IV died in November 1268. There were at the time 20 cardinals but one was away on crusade and never came back. The other 19 met in the Palace in Viterbo but could not agree who should be the next pope. 

The next election, 1287 to 1288 was the deadliest ever. Six cardinals, out of sixteen died including four in four weeks in late summer. The survivors fled Rome, except for one. When they returned in February they elected the one who had remained, who became Nicholas IV. His death in 1292 led to a two year election process from which many cardinals, not being conclaved, were frequently absent. After more than two years an octogenarian hermit claimed he had a message from God that the cardinals would be punished for any further delay. They soon voted him in as Celestine V. He was regarded by many as totally incompetent, but he did reintroduce the rules on conclaves, appoint twelve new cardinals, and resign, The conclave following his resignation, in which Celestine's appointees were a majority, elected Boniface VIII on the second day, which was Christmas Eve, 1294. 

All these corroborate that the Vicar of Thrussington, when referring to Wolfius, meant the Curae Philologicae et Criticae in Novum Testamentum by JC Wolf or Wolfius. 

Protestant Doctrinal Standards On Councils Generally 

Perhaps the most striking thing about this, for the purposes of this Question, is how very little there is to say about the Fifth Council, in comparison with the first four. 

Footnote 187 cites Wolfius as quoting Greek authors as using the word in connection with, amongst other things the joining together of a dismembered limb. This Wolfius in his commentary on this verse quotes Antonius (i.e. Marcus Aurelias) Book 8 chapter 34. That chapter refers to dismembered limbs. He also quotes the tenth book of Plato's Legabus. 

The Lutheran Quarterly has published several essays marking the 500th anniversary, one of which is Sources For and Against the Posting of the 95 Theses, by Volker Leppin and Timothy Wengert". 

If Church tradition, or other explicit sources, are silent, the underlying thought behind the question can surprisingly be answered mathematically. Paul, like everyone, had 2 parents, 4 grandparents, 8 great grandparents etc. A thousand years before his time he would have had around a billion ancestors, far more than the population of the whole world. This means that if Jonathan's line had not died out completely, then he would have been an ancestor, many times over, of every Jew then living. 

The seventeenth canon of the first Council of Toledo,(see Edward Landon) near Madrid, in the year 400, forbade any married man, whose wife was faithful, from also having a concubine, on pain of excommunication. However if a man was unmarried, then he could have a concubine. The thrust is restrictive, rather than permissive, it bans having a wife and a concubine, but this does not (of course) apply to single men. 

Luther drew a distinction between the chief subject of a Council, that is the purpose for which the Emperor had called it, and the other matters it might take it upon itself to consider. He was quite scathing about most of the decrees of the even the first Ecumenical Council, that of Nicea. 

However, Melanchthon did not arrive in Wittenberg until August 1518 and so could not have been an eye witness or involved directly at the time. Nevertheless he was close to Luther, and collaborated very much with him, and so he might be expected to know.