Edited to incorporate new information: 

Did you see any harm being done to the infant? There was no smoking in its presence. The baby was safely tucked into its bjorn carrier (already a positive parent sign), not being passed among the crowd, or mouthing everything in sight. She was having some drinks which she may have sorely missed while pregnant (maybe she wasn't nursing, or if she was, had surplus frozen so that she could feed the baby untainted milk for a day or two.) She was out having fun, and didn't leave the infant in anyone else's care, for which reason no one here knows. 

I would suggest that you start by doing some solid research. Find out everything you can (it's pretty easy) about developmental milestones, such as speech and walking. If you're going to mention their diets, research that as well. It's completely possible that the parents just don't know much about how babies are supposed to progress, and aren't concerned enough about it to compare their kids to others. It's also possible that you'll learn they aren't that far off the charts. 

1 Infants' Listening Preferences: Baby Talk or Happy Talk? 2 Sadness in mothers’ ‘baby-talk’ predicts affective disorder in adolescent offspring 3 (Baby)Talk to Me: The Social Context of Infant-Directed Speech and Its Effects on Early Language Acquisition, Roberta Michnick Golinkoff, Dilara Deniz Can, Melanie Soderstrom, and Kathy Hirsh-Pasek, School of Education, University of Delaware; Institute for Learning and Brain Sciences, University of Washington; Department of Psychology, University of Manitoba; and Department of Psychology, Temple University, PDF 

From the American Academy of Pediatrics position paper: I started reading to my babies when they could focus on playthings, reach for them, etc. this happened around 3 months in my first baby. (That's 12 weeks. Some people say start at six weeks.) I don't know who will pay for screening after a home birth in South Africa, but in the US, ~$50 covers the cost of the test. 

Our 5 month old generally gets her head down somewhere in the early evening. We lie the sleeping lump on the bed face up, and she snoozes. Then she rolls over onto her tummy and wakes up. She's at the stage where she's perfectly happy to be on her tummy while awake, if a bit frustrated when trying to crawl (currently she sort of drags herself where she wants to go). However, in the middle of the night, there's normally an exhausted cry for attention, which escalates until we pick her up and either hold her or feed her. At which point she falls asleep again and the cycle continues. This is especially common in newborns, as their limbs are basically useless until they're mobile, while pretty much 99% of their daily activities are growing and digesting. At the same time, their brain is doing an awful lot of growing and "re-wiring" in preparation for useful tasks, such as getting your attention and being cute on demand. However, if expressed breast milk is an option, it's healthier than any formula and can be frozen for up to six months. Now, here's the guidance we were given: Children need to learn to eat and it is slow and difficult work. At 6 months or so the food they get by spoon or hand may or may not serve any nutritional purpose, but is part of that learning process for them (and for the adults trying to get it into them.) To reduce sleep deprivation, sleep when the baby sleeps and do not prioritize tidying or cleaning over sleeping. Work out what things you can do in the company of an awake baby and do those things then so that you can sleep. Many babies love to be in a sling while you shop, vacuum, or read something, or to be in a baby seat or swing while you cook or tidy. They are less happy to be in a sling while you type on a keyboard or talk on the phone, though. 

To manage to function well on less sleep than you really need or most certainly less uninterrupted sleep, make sure your room is perfect for sleeping - if you need to, change your mattress, change the kind of blankets or pillows you have, get blackout curtains, a white-noise thingy if there is noise from outside, and so on. Don't use alcohol or caffeine for a while. If you have trouble falling asleep in the little time you have and then you stress anxiously "I can't get asleep and now it's going to be even worse!" then learn relaxation exercises or meditation. The key for us was to stick firm on two points: 

Many families choose one parent whose sleep will get back to normal much sooner (eg Daddy is going back to work so his sleep can't be messed with) and one who handles nighttime parenting and possibly gets a nap in the daytime. Even if both parents have returned to work sometimes they make this deal, with the up-at-night parent napping in the evening when the other parent is also home, or the up-at-night parent holding a job that doesn't require a lot of mental acuity or physical dexterity. If this is what you plan to do, make sure both parents agree this is the plan.