Germany had no aircraft carriers, and their only real long-range bomber in WWII, the Heinkel HE 177, appears to have only been used in the Eastern and Western fronts in Europe. I don't believe Germany ever held any territory that would have been within the HE-177's 5,000 KM operational range from India. (The Eastern Ukraine is a wee bit further than that from New Dehli). Because FDR belonged to a school of thought that felt that the primary goal of US foreign policy should be to promote and defend US ideals abroad. Like the USA, the Third French Republic did not give its government the same lattitude to declare war that the British enjoy. Under their constitution of the time, the President of France had to declare a war, but both houses of its parliment had to approve of it. Even in an emergency, all these extra approvals take time. Under the British system, it is entirely up to "the Government", which means the leadership of the majority party. In the Japanese case, the decision was simply made by Churchill's war cabinet, and Churchill's only formality was informing the King and his ambassadors of the decision. Mead views every US foreign policy decision as a struggle for some kind of consensus between these four communities. Presumably both the extra armoring and the added turret mobility shows that in combat situations they ended up needing to be able to hold their own against enemy ground forces. So tell the guy with the weird new theory he just discovered about the Holocaust to submit it to some scholarly journals and get the whole thing hashed out in the historical community. If he can convince them, then you'll hear about it there. Note that (according to Churchill anyway) Britain also declared war on Japan several hours before the USA did. You'll have trouble finding anyone arguing that this showed that the USA was a "junior partner". This list could go on and on, because, thanks to its recent vintage, the high literacy rate where it occurred, and the German penchant for bookkeeping, there is almost no event in human history of a similar vintage (or older) and impact that is better attested than the Holocaust. Madras* was bombarded by a German warship during World War I. That's the only instance I could find in either war of an Indian city coming under that kind of fire from German regular armed forces. Germany isn't alone in having committed a genocide. Sadly, this is normal human behavior. However, the Shoah is probably is the best documented case, having occurred smack dab in the middle of the most literate society on earth. So what you are asking isn't really a Germany question, but a human behavior question (with Germany as the best of sadly too many good examples). The balance of the book explores what exactly those circumstances are. He developed a model that tries to describe such situations. Its pretty detailed, but I think the important takeaway for the novice is a situation where a group of people are viewed by others as separate, lesser, threatening beings. It "helps" a lot if people are raised from an early age to believe this, but active media propaganda helps a lot too. If I don't view an "Elbonian" as an equal person (or really even a human at all), then suddenly killing them as a solution to a perceived problem with them isn't entirely off the table. If I can convince myself the Elbonians are somehow attacking me, then it would logically follow that attacking them back is not only reasonable, but in fact the proper thing to do.