Leppin and Wengert conclude that: 

The first two articles of the Epitome of Concord in the Lutheran doctrinal standard say (abridged): 

Luther did not renounce his monastic vows until shortly before his wedding in 1525, and he continued to live in what had been the monastery, along with students from the university for the rest of his life. 

It never did come to bread and water despite lasting over two months This election was also known as the porous conclave with numerous visitors coming and going including ambassadors and what today we might call paparazzi, so the cardinals might not have eaten it all themselves. Towards the end windows were blocked to reduce light and ventilation, and cardinals were ordered to bed at 10.30. which may have hastened the decision.Ref 

There are at least 24 references to Wolfius in Owen's footnotes to Calvin's Commentary on Romans. These relate to the translation of the Greek. In some there are specific references to Greek or Jewish literature. Here are some: 

ALMIGHTY God, the father of oure Lord Jesus Christ, which desireth not the death of a synner, but rather that he maye turne from his wickedness and live: and hath geven power and commaundment to hys ministers, to declare and pronounce to his people, beinge penitent, the absolution and remission of their synnnes: he pardoneth and absolveth all them which truely repent, and unfeynedly believe his holy Gospel. Wherefore we beseche him to graunt us true repentaunce and his holy Spirite, that those thinges may please him, which we do at this present, and that the rest of our life hereafter may be pure and holy: so that at the last we may come to hys eternall joye, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Salvation is the work of God, and it is mediated by grace. Only those (and all those) who persevere in possessing sanctifying grace are saved, because sanctifying grace is actually the foretaste or beginning of the perfect union with God that the saints enjoy in Heaven. (See Catechism of the Catholic Church [CCC], 1996.) Even the beginning of man’s life of grace is the work of God. Man can do nothing—not even begin the journey toward God—without the help of God. (See CCC 2001. Generally, we call the concrete actions that God employs to bring a person into friendship with Him actual graces, to distinguish them from sanctifying grace, which is habitual and stable, as explained in CCC 2000.) Nevertheless, the action of God on a person can only be done with the person’s consent, unless the person is insufficiently mature or incapacitated, like young children and the mentally handicapped. (See CCC 2002.) When a person receives sanctifying grace, by that very fact he is also justified—that is, rendered truly righteous and pleasing before God—and sanctified—that is,made holy. (See CCC 1996 and 1999.) Grace is also healing: it repairs the damage caused by his previous sins, especially the resulting separation from God. (See CCC 1990.) In reality, none of these sacraments poses a significant risk to the priest who administers them, no more than it does for the doctors and nurses who take care of the patients. 

Note that only the Annointing of the Sick actually involves bodily contact—it entails an annointing of the hands and forehead—and it could be done with appropriate protection, such as gloves, if that were necessary. (See the Code of Canon Law 1000§2. Confession involves no bodily contact at all, and the Eucharist could be given to the patient with gloves, using an instrument, or in a receptacle that could be purified and sterlized afterwards. Any gloves or other clothing that come in contact with the sacred oil or the Eucharist would have to be disposed of reverently, most likely by burning.) Regarding interracial marriage as an argument for homosexual marriage: it is true that many states in the Jim Crow era prohibited interracial marriage (what the Catholic Church would call civil marriage, which is simply the legal contract established by spouses, not the Sacrament of Matrimony). Doubtless many Christian denominations followed suit (however, not the Catholic Church as a body). 

On the other hand, suppose that the government orders everyone to file his tax return on April 15. Whether everyone actually does so is up to the individual. Sure, there are bad consequences for not complying, but at the end of the day the IRS cannot force everyone to turn in his tax return on time. In other words, actually turning in your tax return is contingent: it is entirely possible (indeed likely) that someone will not comply. Perhaps an example from pastoral practice can help understand what is meant by the "law of gradualness." 

I will offer here some reflections from St. Thomas Aquinas that help to see how this works. (It is important not to confuse Aquinas’ own position with that of so-called “Thomistic school,” which in reality was founded by a Dominican named Domingo Bañez, some 350 years after St. Thomas.) 

The base was almost certainly olive oil, since that was the most readily available vegetable oil in the Mediterranean area (at least in the ancient world). 

Katarina, on the other hand, belonged to a Cistercian nunnery which meant she had much less freedom. Cistercians affirmed a strict application of the Rule of St Benedict, and focussed on self-sufficiency, physical work, devotion, prayer and austerity. However, Cistercian houses varied. Katarina's convent, at Nimbschen, near Grimma, had several estates and Katerina would have worked in the grain fields and gained experience of farming and brewing beer. Luther wrote On the Councils and the Church in 1539. In it he summed up the doctrines of the first four as follows. 

It seem that, although lifelong commitment to a concubine was acceptable, it was not required. A single man could keep a concubine and, if he chose to turn her out and marry a wife, then this was an honourable thing for him to do. Still, one woman at a time was the limit. Nevertheless it is clear there was uncertainty and variety of practice during the first few centuries.