Someone from Lancaster could reach Philadelphia in about two days, and from Philly it would be easy to get anywhere along the Eastern seaboard. But the isoclimes really bunch around the Appalachians, and that isn't going to get much easier until engineers figure out how to get railroads to climb over the steep gradients of these mountains. The difficulty of such a feat is one reason why NYC overtook Philly as the country's largest city. Long Answer: Because the U.S. Census does not record religious affiliation, all figures regarding Southern Jewish ownership of slaves are necessarily imprecise estimates. The late colonial and early national United States were a fairly well-integrated society. If you thought you'd murdered someone and went on the lam like Simon Kenton, you would need to keep moving West along with the always-receding frontier. Yet while long interstate trips were occasional events in most Americans' lives, the farmers' data show that your "typical" daily routine was still fairly limited geographically by the difficulty of travel. While the above map tells us about capabilities, this question is about "typical" travels. A good source for such a question comes from Winifred Rothenberg's studies of the movements of Massachusetts farmers, published in 1981 in the Journal of Economic History. * Keep in mind that bias enters these numbers twice: magazine readership is not representative of the population, nor are those who respond to magazine polls representative of magazine readership. But in this case, they actually might have been fairly accurate (see the second bullet point). Some colonies, including Virginia, claimed all land to their west. Other states, including Pennsylvania, had defined western boundaries: Many of the most important objects were not in the President's House, but in nearby administrative buildings. These took precedence over the White House's furnishings, and were hurriedly carried away from Washington as the British neared. For example, the State Department contained not only important official records and treaties, but the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, Washington's correspondence, and his historic resignation letter. (source) The young woman quoted likely misunderstood the real reason the windows were kept shut: to keep the mills humid. This was explained to me on a recent visit to Lowell, but I found a few published sources that match what the tour guides told me. Here's one: So artisans lived in a surprisingly small social world and a surprisingly large geographic world. During the 1960s, non-violent protest was more effective than violent protest at bringing about desegregation in southern cities--especially where black protest groups had some economic leverage over the local community. Which politician or organization was the first to formally use the name "Democratic Party" for the party of Andrew Jackson? When and where did this happen? Five Endings for the War at Sea: The Treaty of Ghent specified five specific dates after which prizes taken at sea would be invalidated. Ships further from the North American Coast could keep prizes up to 120 days after ratification. For details for the five ending dates for the various naval theaters, see "Article the Second": The state caucuses that nominated Adams called themselves "National Republicans" or "Administration Republicans" to indicate that the national administration represented continuity with the Republican Party. For example, in Rhode Island the rival caucuses called themselves "Friends of the National Administration" and "Friends of Jackson." In most northern states, pro-Jackson caucuses called themselves some variant of "Jacksonian Party" or "Jacksonian Republicans." In southern states where there was no significant Adams wing of the Republican Party, Jacksonians just called themselves "Republicans." State laws prohibiting flag desecration date back to 1897, but the federal government passed its first flag desecration law in 1968 (36-37). Interestingly, Mittlebeeler suggests that the first anti-desecration laws were due to "popular outcries against the use of the flag for advertising" (888) and its common use as clothing for black face minstrels, prize fighters, and circus clowns. Profanation and cheapening were the original threats to the flag, not physical destruction. On the other side of the socio-economic ledger, Americans with Korean, Vietnamese, Chinese and “other U.S. Asian” origins have higher shares in poverty than does the U.S. general public, while those with Indian, Japanese and Filipino origins have lower shares. Citation for Gallup Poll: USGALLUP.DC2036.R01; sample size around 1,500. I can't provide a direct link because I found it at the Roper Center's Public Opinion Archives, which is a password-protected database. Of course, this estimate is high, because of population growth from 1861-1865. But it usable as an upper bound: Somewhat less than 48.6% of white males, aged 20-39, enlisted in the Union Army. There are isolated instances of flag desecration in America's colonial and revolutionary past, but the perpetrators were not especially influential. On the one side, we have Hamilton denouncing Cromwell in the Federalist Papers No. 21: You'll note that the map isn't great. (Look how squat western PA is, because Lake Erie looks too far to the south.) Poor mapping gave states with unlimited western territories room to maneuver in making claims on western territory. Land to the west of PA's western border thus had the potential to be claimed by Virginia. Indian fighting and the Revolutionary War prevented the settling of the boundary dispute. All of this geographical ambiguity meant that settlers in this disputed area were confronted with dual local governments, one loyal to Pennsylvania and the other to Virginia: It's a phenomenal paper: incredible data, great methods. This graph from Ransom and Sutch indicates that the market value of America's slaves was growing at an ever increasing clip. This makes clear why the Southern elite was willing to expend so much blood and treasure to defend their peculiar institution: the market considered their stock of human property to be as valuable as ever.