These things are clear and for sure: 

But, however, at extreme measures, almost every haram (forbidden) thing can be mubah (allowed). For example: 

Harams and halals made by rasulullah: 

I'm telling it again (don't claim that I simple said that suicide bombing is OK): Suicide bombing is not allowed in Islam. But every forbidden thing maybe allowed under extreme cases. 

I wrote this long message after seeing that somebody who claims that eating frogs were haram, because rasulullah ordered not to kill frogs, and since we couldn't eat them alive, eating frogs automatically becomes haram... If you really understood what I tried to explain in my message, after reading a claim like this you should ask this at first: "Why did he forbid killing frogs? What was the true motivation behind this order of his? Were the people massacring the frogs because of the noise they make and he just wanted to stop them?" 

There is no clear answer to this question. The answer is not a simple "yes" or "no". 

In this ayat, Allah orders His rasul Muhammad (pbuh) to say that there was nothing haram other then the ones listed in this ayat. Not only says so, and also orders him to say that he wasn't able to find anything else other than the ones mentioned. Yes, Rasul Muhammad wasn't able to find anything else other than the ones listing in this ayat. 

Confused? You should be. 7:157 seems to be contradicting with 6:145. 7:157 says that the rasul has authority to make clean things halal, and unclean things haram. While 6:145 states that there is no haram to be found other than the listed things. 

This verse from the quran is a message from allah that is saying not to forbid yourself from doing things that were not said to be prohibited. Allah has explained to us what is prohibited, we should not commit what is prohibited, nor should we stray away from what isnt. 

The Prophet (p.b.u.h) said, "The best charity is that which is practiced by a wealthy person. And start giving first to your dependents." 

Narrated by Ishaq bin 'Abdullah bin Al Talha 

In islam we follow the rule that everything is halal (permissable) unless it has been stated otherwise. 

The prophet not only allowed charity to be given to family members, but said that double the reward is issued once for helping a family member and one for zakat: 

5:85 Strongest among men in enmity to the Believers wilt thou find the Jews and Pagans; and nearest among them in love to the Believers wilt thou find those who say, "We are Christians": Because amongst these are men devoted to learning and men who have renounced the world, and they are not arrogant. 

Vegetarian foods relating to other religions, such as hot cross buns, easter eggs, communion wafers, may be considered haram to eat; see e.g. AskImam. 

Various animal-based cooking oils. 

I wrote about alcohol-containing condiments in this answer. 

Some brands of soy sauce contain sufficient alcohol to render it haram. 

And it seems reasonable to believe that Muslims are expected to obey the law even if they are 100% guaranteed to get away with disobeying the law. 

It's a complicated issue. Outdoor sex in the middle of a forest is clearly at the other end of the spectrum from sex on a crowded beach. But both can be interpreted as sex in public places. 

But if the person dies while on his Shirk, Allah does not forgive him if it is a major Shirk. But if it is a minor Shirk, then Allah might forgive him or He might punish him for it. -- IslamWeb fatwa 85083, 2002 

If the person falls into this sin of shirk, then he is a kafir and he has to come back into Islaam for a second time, and he has to make tawbah (seek repentance). But he should realise that Islaam wipes what came before it. -- Shaykh `Abdus Salaam al-Burjis, FatwaIslam.com article AQD01004 

This includes all sins, even shirk. Whoever repents, Allaah will accept his repentance. Islam Q&A fatwa 34171, 2004 

The Qur'an verse relating to polygyny is: 

Question: Does telling people you have an academic credential amount to arrogance? 

A food/drink being vegetarian eliminates the extra preclusions when consuming meat and animal products (Qur'an 2:173, 5:3, 6:121, 6:145). A food/drink being vegetarian makes is much easier for it to be halal, although there's some exceptions: 

Behaviour that is likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress to other users contrary to the Public Order Act 1986