You do not have historical data about your team In case you don't know the velocity and has no historical data, you can try to talk to your customer and figure out which are the most crucial features. Sit down with your team and estimate the project in the old fashioned way. What the expert thinks about planning, story points and planning poker It has been in the air among Scrum and XP practitioners for a while, but now, there are blogs, which state that story point based estimation and planning won't really help teams moving forward. For example, Joshua Kerievsky talks about this in his recent blog post. According to his experience, story points and velocity measurements won't move teams forward and they take the focus away from the important things. He has to suggestions though: In order to avoid the false results one good technique is to ask the participants to think about the situation alone for a couple of minutes, put it on a note and give it to the facilitator. She shall aggregate the result and share with a group, which can continue the discussion using the aggregated data. In the mean time, you can try to show the benefits of continuous delivery to your customer. Frequent talking and continuous delivery is the key to Agile, I recommend to start with them + the initial estimate. If you customer understands them and the benefits - frequent deliveries are very helpful when one schedules upstream projects -, it is going to be a win-win. Finally, you'll reach the point when the planning will be very quick, because the team will break down the work into equal pieces and take the number of items they can deliver. The first thing which is needs to be taken care of is the length of the planning meeting. It cannot be longer than 2 hours and the team shall use the result of the discussion for the upcoming sprint even it is half baked. Experience reports shows that if a team cannot discuss a content of a sprint in two hours regardless of the length of the sprint, they won't be able to do it in 3, 4 or 5 hours. You can evaluate the result of the planning during the retrospective meeting, and improve the next one. Alternative one, you can check your historical data and see how long did it take to deliver a similar app, check the risks you see and provide an estimation using this. Running the meeting When you are running the planning meeting, be aware of the Wisdom of the Crowd phenomenon: My view on this Since the teams are continuously improving and the business needs are also changing constantly, I don't see any advantage in using story points for planning or estimation. Due to this constant change, the value behind a story point from Sprint N-1 is not equal to a story point from Sprint N which makes planning extremely hard and inaccurate. Unfortunately, there is no such thing as accurate estimation, so the only thing you can do is continuously improve your estimation process and try to figure out a most likely delivery date or amount of work items to deliver. It is easier said than done, but it is not impossible. You have historical data about your team The only tool you have in Scrum to help this situation is your velocity. I believe you know your velocity - how many story points you do in a sprint -, check the product backlog and do planning on each user story. Using these two, you'll have an estimation on a possible delivery date.