The Bible clearly teaches that the end times will have prophets. Two will be killed in Jerusalem and the whole world will watch (Rev. 11) and there is even a warning about false prophets, which would not be necessary if there were simply no prophets. 

and I can promise you, God is very active still. He is doing amazing things. 

I prefer to look at the verse itself, in this matter. When I read this verse in Revelation it is easy to see that this is a warning to mankind: Don't add stuff! It's not your right, and you don't have the authority! 

But it does NOT say that God cannot (or even will not) continue revealing his word and his mind and his plans to mankind. Remember Amos 3:7... 

So, while the warning in Revelation might be viewed a warning about adding to the Holy Bible as a whole, it does not extend to God Himself. He chooses to whom to speak, what to tell them, and what to do with that information. If He tells them to tell others, well that is the definition of a prophet, and that is His prerogative. 

Mason's answer is excellent, but I'm one of those mormons who tends to give it to people straight. 

1 Jeffery R Holland, He That Hath Seen Me Hath Seen The Father, Ensign, 2003 

This idea of "soaking" is not the first unusual thing I've heard come out of BYU. A few years back there were supposedly a series of excommunications because some BYU kids were allegedly eloping to Vegas, getting legally married in one of those drive-thru chapels, having a quick honeymoon weekend, then getting the marriage annulled before going back to class on Monday. Their theory was, they were married when they were having sex, so it wasn't adultery. They tried to pull a fast one on the church with a technicality. 

“We read that it was in the seventeenth day of the second month when the great deep was broken up, and the rain was forty days. The Ark landed at Ararat on the seventeenth day of the seventh month, therefore there were five full months of travel when the Lord drove the Ark to its final destiny. Without any question a considerable distance separated the point where the Ark commenced the journey and where it landed. There can be no question to contradict the fact that during the flood great changes were made on the face of the earth. The land surface was in the process of division into continents. The rivers mentioned in Genesis were rivers that existed in the garden of Eden long before the land was divided into continents and islands. [Genesis 2:11.]” (Answers to Gospel Questions, 2:94.) 

The Father sent His Son to help us to know, love, and obey our Father in Heaven. God the Father, Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost are indeed separate and distinct beings, but they are perfectly united in purpose; to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man. 

Could someone please give the Mormon definition of exactly what an angel is? 

Entire books have been written detailing how the world fell into apostasy and what was lost, like James E. Talmage's book, "The Great Apostasy". There's also a Wikipedia article that does a descent job of detailing some of the other major principles which were corrupted. 

Food storage The LDS Church used to recommend two years. Now, they recommend three months plus "extended" food storage, when feasible. 

Earth -- purified, and in the presence of God. 

For individuals, the Church emphasizes: 

Consider any reason a Christian would worship God: 

And his name shall be called after me; and it shall be after the name of his father... 

Oliver Cowdrey assisted Joseph as a scribe, and described the translation thusly: 

It would be odd to say that the tribe of Judah was "cursed" for not possessing the priesthood that the tribe or Levi did. Or that the other Levites were "cursed" for not officiating in the temple as the sons of Aaron did. These responsibilities were limited to certain group of people, based on heritage. God has been expanding these blessings ever since (e.g. the Gospel going from Jews to Gentiles). 

That's next to impossible, as there aren't any detailed (canon) claims of day-to-day activity, quality of life, etc. that could help us out here. 

In the same sermon, Joseph Smith also said: 

Email: donationsinkind@ldschurch.org 

Doctrine and Covenants 88:17-19 

In one way or another, there is "a way for them that they may accomplish the thing". The task was physically possible; otherwise God would not have commanded it. If they fail, it is because they choose to fail. 

(2) The King James Version did something similar. It was partly out of a similar tradition of reverence, and partly because they could't really write Jhvh, and they didn't want to guess at a transliteration. So in the KJV, you will find יהוה rendered as LORD or GOD. 

which, considering no one knows where Kolob is, is about as specific :)