These were comprised of one main type- the Ko-hyoteki Class Submarine. It was subdivided into three types: A, C, and D. Five type A participated in the attack on Pearl Harbor, but only two made it into the harbor and none survived it. Three type A attacked Sydney Harbor in 1942, but one was sunk before it could do damage. The other two survived but sank before they could return to their transport submarines. They damaged only one ship however. Two type A's also took part in the Battle of Madagascar. One was lost at sea and the other seriously damaged one battle ship and sank an oil tanker. Type D's were mas produced-- even more than the type A's and type C's. 115 type D's were completed by the end of the war and almost five hundred more were under construction. The Ko-hyoteki also played a defensive role in the Aleutians and alsewhere in the Pacific. 

Whistling Bombs - Straight Dope 

Bibers took part in many missions, but few ever survived them. For example, in the first Biber operation, 14 took part. Only two even made it to the operational area. In 1944, the Bibers deployed against traffic going to Antwerp. In the first attack, 18 were sent out and one returned. They sank only one ship-- the Alan A. Dale. This was one of the the only ships ever sunk by a Biber. Further operations in the area lost over thirty more Bibers. 

They also objected over other minor points. In the end, the Soviet Union refused to sign along with Czechoslovakia and Poland. 

that the draft treaty, in violation of the Yalta agreement, did not recognize the Soviet Union's sovereignty over South Sakhalin and the Kuril Islands 

In some ways, the Japanese casualty rate was not that much higher than that of the Americans. If you take casualties as "killed and wounded," the Japanese to American casualty rate was less than 2 to 1, and sometimes as low as 1 to 1. What is true is that the Japanese ratio of killed was much higher. The reason was that essentially all Japanese casualties were "killed" while most American casualties were wounded. 

Switzerland isn't much of a "prize." It has about 16,000 square miles, and about 4.5 million people in 1940 making it twice the size of New Jersey, with about as many people. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Switzerland On both counts, it is one of the smaller countries in Europe, and less worth having. 

The Americans produced "good" tanks that excelled in the latter two categories. That's because they were the world's best producers of automobiles. To take off on U.S. civil war cavalry doctrine, American generals regarded tanks as a form of transportation. 

Okinawa is a case in point. Wikipedia lists American casualties (to the nearest thousand) as 20,000 dead, 55,000 wounded, 26,000 psychiatric, that is 75,000 physical casualties, 101,000 in all. Japanese casualties were estimated at 77,000-110,000 dead, 7,000 known be captured, approximating the American toll.