Essentially, there are too many ways in which we style tab numeric indicators and this got the wrong style. It's fixed and it will be out in the However this does not apply to chat, yet. (**) unfortunately, we cannot guarantee not to have invoked Cthulhu, the ancient, in the process. Eeeeeeeeeeeeek:-) Fixing it... The issue is fixed in meta, as verified by hitting the old routes manually. We're pushing live now, hold on to your socks! We are now deploying to meta. It should not make a difference to anyone because the "thingy" is obsoleted by the new top bar. Fix is deployed, thanks for your patience. I could not repro after the fix. As far as I can tell this has been fixed with the new version of the separator code. New fix for layout issues is on dev and will be out in the next push. This addresses the comments below. (*) no kittens were harmed in the making of this patch. This is fixed in dev and will be out in the next release in a few minutes. It seems that the process used to generate the title attributes for the image links on the Stack Exchange store encodes an already-encoded string, leading to situations like this: The Careers favicon exhibits the same problem, with the additional downside of seemingly being loaded without me even having to click on the site switcher button and thus breaking the secure connection right away. Attempting to delete questions on the mobile site on iOS causes two notification messages asking me to confirm the deletion, which it shouldn't do. You can see this happening by following the method calls; the mobile view first calls If a user is awarded the same badge more than once in quick succession, the profile's activity tab will show each badge if the "badges" filter is selected... ...but the "all" filter will roll them up into a single entry... Also, if the desired behaviour is to roll the badge entries up into a single item in these cases, shouldn't the interface indicate that roll-up happened? When you go to add experience on your Careers profile the field for Organization is actually called "Location," leading Chrome's autocomplete to believe that I used to work for a physical place. For example: Shouldn't the roll-up behaviour for the "all" filter of the activity tab be consistent across badges? Given that the badge details page works the same way for both of these badges, I can't explain away the difference in presentation. Fairly minor bug, but the username autocomplete doesn't rebuild its list of users immediately after hidden comments are loaded from the server, allowing for situations like the following where late-comers to the comment thread are excluded: Which is definitely a bug (on any SE site). It is a bit misleading to a new user. Activity gone (it was there) seems to be fixed Then click "Post Answer." It should reload writing an additional answer form and saying "Body is missing". If it behaves this way, everything okay; you get the full-featured answer form. 5 low quality posts in total. Not within your tag. It does even say it to you: Apparently, the localized sites, such as pt.SO and ja.SO are exluded from the Hot Network Questions list. But recently launched ru.SO doesn't have its questions exluded from it: As you can see, Meta.SE wasn't in the list of possible targets: I wouldn't consider it to be the bug; the top bar is cached on non-SE 2.0 sites, which are the chat system and Area 51. The rep or achievements and inbox messages you've already read come away in a few minutes, for me in two, and doesn't really annoy me. (maybe you've mistaken it with the secret hats 007 and Odinson you've got) There is something interesting on http://winterbash2014.stackexchange.com/enter, CHECK IT NOW! ;) at least it is not broken anymore! :) This's happening probably due to the script conflict - both reversal and roomba scripts run 3:00 AM UTC as it was stated somewhere, but I've seen several times that Community removes a question at 3:01 (despite the site being very low-traffic; on the high traffic sites I think it can take 10+ mins for the script to check all the questions), i.e. sometimes a bit later, guess there's some order and roomba runs after the reversal script (not even exactly at 3 o'clock). On Android (Galaxy S5) I just longpress-n-drag the corner you pointed (the functionality is similar with any textareas defined as resizeble). That's because if the graph would say 143, it would have to show where those 3 reps have gone, but it doesn't because the downvotes are private and can be seen only by moderators and the owner of that profile.