Ensure power is disconnected before servicing Ensure that the power is disconnected before servicing the machine 

Do not clean the machine using water or materials that can generate an explosive atmosphere Do not clean the machine using chemicals that can generate an explosive atmosphere or using water that can create an electric shock 

I don't have any problems with these labels. 

We are working on a technical documentation project which includes the rewriting, modernization, restructuring, enrichment of the content. I'm doing the content rewriting and translation parts of the job and my voice preference has always been on "passive" but sometimes the urge to switch to the active voice becomes hard to resist. I'm finding it hard to explain to the project leaders, too, because they do interfere from time to time to the content and they always tend to switch to active voice. 

I'm citing a few examples of text written by those outsiders and my suggested corrections to make my case more clear: 

These two procedures have to be performed simultaneously. The valve used to turn the input vane and the vane's indicator arm aren't placed in close vicinity (the technician can observe the arm's movement from where they turn the manual valve), so at first we thought of explaining them in two separate steps. We also have accompanying videos for them which use the same text as subtitle. 

I'm aware that most of your answers can still be valid for them, too. I'll try to be more open minded when dealing with them in the future but I'll wait for your reactions to the detailed edit to my question before accepting one of your answers 

Are there some rules of thumb or even legal directives about the language of machine safety labels? 

But the textual part still remains to be a problem. If I merge the steps then I would need to combine them with conjunction words or maybe re-structure the following sentences with word groups like "at the same time", "whilst", "during" etc. 

We manufacture big machines which have too much surface area and therefore our labels have too much space for details, too. We have 4 kinds of labels: 

To solve the visual part of this problem recently I've come to the conclusion to split the video scene in two and show these steps side-by-side whilst displaying the combined text as one big ugly subtitle text underneath of it. I would say that the sentences need to be the appropriate length to what you are saying, which is liable to be, on average, shorter than novel writing. One of the reasons for using long sentences is to convey a mood, to put a lot of ideas together in one, to build and build the picture you are drawing. In scientific writing there is no need for this, so this sort of long-winded sentence should be avoided. Your computing experience is probably the best guide you have. You know from this that a) some part of the translation will be easier than expected; b) some parts will be very tricky. So, ignore the easier parts, estimate how many will be tricky. This you should be able to ascertain from the length and complexity of the material - if you can gauge this. Or can you make a reasonable estimate as to how much is liable to be complex. 

However, it is also important to make your sentences make sense. If you need to put a lot of information together. Then put it in one sentence. Don't chop them just for style. So I would say, treat it as a software task, like translating user requirements into code applications, and you should get yourself a reasonable idea of whether the estimate is close or not. 

Assume you will have to go back to the original translators for these pieces, and that they will take you a long time. In the meantime, you will be able to get on with the rest. So you total time is liable to be defined by these difficult pieces - as per software development.