Narrated by Ahmad (Hadith 5964 in his Musnad) We see the turning of thy face (for guidance) to the heavens; now shall We turn thee to a Qiblah that shall please thee. Turn then thy face in the direction of the Sacred Mosque; wherever ye are turn your faces in that direction. The people of the book know well that that is the truth from their Lord nor is Allah unmindful of what they do. (144) Between a man and disbelief and paganism is the abandonment of Salat (prayer) I have always thought that one makes Salat without shoes on, but there is the following Hadith which says: No, it is not mandatory to to raise it but Mustahab. When the Iqamah for prayer is said, there is no prayer except the prescribed prayer No. The Quran is to be read in Salat, and anything translated is not the Quran, rather more like a Tafseer to help those who don't understand, understand. The Quran is in Arabic, anything other then that is not the Quran, so the Arabic should be read and nothing else. And if you understand what it says by reading the translated/Tafseer of the Quran, then Alhamdulillah, you can read it in Salat with understanding. May Allah forgive me of my mistakes, and guide us all. Allah says in surat Al Bakarah Ayah 143: It is also narrated that the Prophet saw a Man praying while the Iqama was being called, so the Prophet asked: So my question is, according to authentic sources, should one pray with ones shoes on or off? he (peace and blessings be upon him) also said: For more information you may listing to this discussion of two scholars. The Prophet (peace and blessings be upon Him) did this so that there will be no unnecessary hardship. As for missing one, I am not aware of any punishment, and again there has to be a good excuse, if it was missed on purpose but you still make it up or make the other salat you are not abandoning the salat altogether, and when you abandon it altogether that is when you become a kafir, and Allah knows best. As for the evidence to support the punishment mentioned in your question, I do not know any authentic Hadith that supports it, but such a hadith may or may not exist. If you are told this then I suggest you ask for the proof, and it's authenticity. Thus have We made of you an Ummah justly balanced That ye might be witnesses over the nations and the Messenger a witness over yourselves; and We appointed the Qiblah to which thou wast used, only to test those who followed the Messenger from those who would turn on their heels (from the faith). Indeed it was (a change) momentous except to those guided by Allah. And never would Allah make your faith of no effect. For Allah is to all people most surely full of kindness, Most Merciful. (143) Sources: Islamic Online university The one who misses 'Asr prayer, it is as if he has been robbed of his family and his wealth Praying Sunnah or other voluntary prayers while traveling You do not have to make sunnah or any other voluntary prayer/tatawoo', Source. But if you want you can pray tatwoo'/voluntary prayer and witr while your riding. For the Prophet (peace and blessings upon HIm) used to make these prayers on the beast He was riding, but He never made any Fard salawat on it Source. That which differentiates us from the disbelievers and hypocrites is our performance of Salat. He who abandons it, becomes a disbeliever You are allowed to move if necessary. It is mentioned in an authentic Hadith that: You may (it is permissible to) pray Dhur and Asr together even if you are not on travel. You can also pray Maghrib and Isha' together if you wish even if you are not traveling. There is no difference between the way Men and women Pray, and what some of the Madhahib say in regards to the difference, there is no authentic/or there is no evidence supporting it. And the Hadith you mentioned in your question refers to all, both men and women. The Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him) said: Sources: binbaz.com (In Arabic). Praying sunnah when/while the Jama'ah has started It is totally haram to pray anything sunna or tatwaoo' when the iqama has been called. when the Iqama has been called for any of the five Fard prayers, and one is praying sunnah or any other salat one must stop and go join the Jama'ah. The Prophet (peace and blessings be upon Him said): If you missed a Salat, for a reason, like you slept through it, or you forgot it, or something. Then you can make it up. but, if someone leaves salat altogether, out of laziness or not wanting to make it, then he/she is a kafir. Here is some information in regards to the recitation of the Quran (in general) in a language other then Arabic. Facing the Ka'bah is a symbol of unity, and the Ka'bah and what is around it is blessed. If you want you can make the sunnah after the fardh, but that will be missing the point, the Prophet may peace and blessings be upon Him made certain sunnahs at certain times, ether before or after the salaat, so it would be pointless to make a sunnah prayer that was supposed to be at the first of the salaat, you can just make the sunnahs and nafils after the salaat and maybe add on to that (meaning to add extra salat to that, Tatawu' prayer which is the same as nafil prayers, so just make extra nafil prayer if you want.)