This usage of the term 'apostate' does not imply any opposition to Christ. 

As explained here, the Tree of Life is one of the most pervasive and enduring legends in the history of religion, but is not always associated with immortality. The tree is often associated with the earth goddess. The early Israelite goddess Asherah was often portrayed in iconography by a tree, and could have originally been synonymous with the earth goddess. 

In Genesis 3:22-24, we read that the Tree of Life bestows immortality, so when Adam becomes aware of his mortality, God is forced to send him out of the Garden lest he eat the fruit of this tree and become immortal. The more ancient Epic of Gilgamesh refers to the Tree of Life (the plant of eternal youth stolen by a serpent) and also tells us that the hero becomes resigned to mortality. 

I think the witness testimonies would be dismissed as unreliable in a court of law, but of course a different standard can and should be applied to religious experiences. There may have been as many as twelve, including Joseph Smith Jr., who saw the plates, but it is rather likely that no one from the 'Three Witnesses' or the 'Eight Witnesses' really did. For his part, Joseph Smith never disputed the testimony of the 'Eight Witnesses' who said that he personally showed them the plates, which means that either he knew their testimony was true, or he was complicit in a deception. 

The LDS Teachings, Chapter 12, states: 

The term 'reformed Egyptian' comes from Mormon 9:32: 

This usage of the term 'apostate' is unusual. In normal usage, you can be an apostate without being the other. 

Yes, according to the Latter Day Saints, the Book of Mormon was originally written in 'reformed Egyptian characters' on gold plates by prophets living in the Americas from the fourth century BCE until the fifth century CE. However, Wikipedia says 

The Greek ἀντίχριστος, meaning 'antichrist', is used in 1 John and 2 John to refer specifically to an opponent of Christ. On the other hand, an apostate is someone who has voluntarily left his or her former religion. The apostate need not be in opposition to the former religion and, depending on circumstances, could even be on good terms with those who remain behind. The secularisation of many Western countries, particularly in Europe, means that a large proportion of the populations could be regarded as apostates. 

On the other hand, the Latter Day Saints Doctrine and Covenants, Section 86, refers to: 

While the main LDS church continues to teach that the Book of Mormon is an authentic translation, a breakaway group known as the Community of Christ stated at a 2007 World Conference, "While the Church affirms the Book of Mormon as scripture, and makes it available for study and use in various languages, we do not attempt to mandate the degree of belief or use." (my emphasis) 

I note that if the testimony of any one of the 'Three Witnesses' is doubtful, then the testimony of all three must similarly be doubted. 

It may be that at least some of those who testified to have seen the gold plates really did do so, but each witness must be examined individually, after which there may have been fewer than eleven genuine witnesses, in addition to Joseph Smith himself. To have seen the plates and the engravings on them, and to have helped in their translation, would indelibly imprint onto one's mind the truth on which the Church of Latter Day Saints is based, making it inconceivable that such a witness would desert the Church, no matter what disputes were entered into, yet it appears that some did.