This can explain a lot of apparently odd decisions on the part of US tank designers. They liked the 75mm gun because it fired an excellent high explosive round, very effective against infantry, whereas the 76mm gun with better anti-tank performance had a less effective HE round. They considered maneuverability and mechanical reliability more important than heavy armor and anti-tank performance, because the US army was a very aggressive and wanted to make sweeping attacks and avoid slogging matches. 

Today, nearly every army uses an intermediate cartridge. 5.56mm NATO, 7.62 Soviet, and 5.45x39mm now being ubiquitous. 

It could be a reference to a similar debate over the status of slaves proposed as Article XI to the Articles of Confederation. Only this time the issue was determining wealth for the purposes of taxation. There was an idea put forward that states should contribute to a common national treasury according to their ability to pay, and that this ability to pay would be determined by their population. 

The invasion of Poland and France showed the M2 was under-gunned, under-armored, poorly laid out, and too tall, but the British army, having littered France with much of their heavy equipment, needed tanks RIGHT NOW, so the US went about designing an expedient tank. It was known that the 37mm gun was inadequate. Everyone else was incrementally upgunning, the US wanted to leapfrog everyone with a 75mm gun (a huge gun in 1940, the Soviets had the same idea earlier with the T-34), but designing a new turret takes a long time. The M3 Lee/Grant used the same chassis, drive train and 37mm turret as the M2 Medium taking advantage of a known good design and existing production lines. It deleted most of the machine guns, added some armor, and, most obviously, stuck the 75mm out the side of the tank. 

The American show, "the Music Man," was first staged in 1957. (The movie was made in 1962.) In the show, the protagonist characterized the local pool or billiard hall as a place for gambling, swearing, drinking, etc. which did, in fact, reflect the perception of the late 1950s. a time characterized by "McCarthysism". The Wikipedia article said that by the 1990s, about 40 years later, the stigma had disappeared. 

McClellan's role in this exercise would be to tie up Lee, his best troops, and his best generals in Virginia, so that the North could defeat the rest of the South "piecemeal." 

I know that a number of others argued for alternate plans, but were those plans soundly based on information known in the fall of 1944, or were they "after the fact" critiques or second guesses of MacArthur? 

There were actually TWO endings to the War of 1812. 

The sale of war bonds "sterilized" the otherwise humongous U.S. debt. That is, while debt was historically large (by any standards except today's), we "owed it to ourselves" and not to foreigners. Which is to say that the money was available to be "recycled" into the U.S. economy after the war. 

Pay to the Bank of New Orleans, [signed] David Chambliss 

(5) The New York bank will perform the exchange, taking the pounds and producing in return a sight draft in dollars. This sight draft is then sent to the New Orleans broker. He now has a credit in dollars drawn on a New York bank. He can use that money in New York, or have it forwarded to his bank in New Orleans. 

The laws pertaining to polling were all local laws, not constitutional matters and originally it was held that making laws concerning the right to vote were a state power. 

There is a similar system local to Naples called the carbonari, but this was never developed to the extent of the mafia. The Carbonari had the same origin as the Mafia, resistance to foreign invaders. 

(3) The broker will now ship the cotton to Liverpool. 

Tuberclecide was one of many patent medicines sold at the time for tuberculosis which included products such as "Tuberculozyne," "Lung Germine," "Oxidaze" and many others. The practice of selling such remedies ended in the United States with the passage of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act of 1938 which was incited by the Elixir Sulfanilamide poisoning and greatly increased the FDA's powers. Ironically, sulfanilamide was not a nostrum at all, but was a legitimate medicine. So, it was outrage over a poisoning by a real medicine that led to fake medicines being banned by federal law.