First, think of the difference of case use between the zamburak. The first was used by not industrialized nations, who were fighting enemies who could not field big numbers of "true" cannons. Against those undefended troops, the zamburak users could stay outside the range of the enemy weapons and harass them with their weapons. If they had to charge against an enemy with a good artillery support they would have been decimated before getting into firing range. Rocket artillery, like the famous Katyusha were more in line with the original concept of launching a not very precise attack against a mass of troops and then retreat (or at least change position) quickly.(Image from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Katyusha_rocket_launcher) Please note that even those were not comparable in effective range to regular artillery. Yes, it existed, but (as recoil was indeed an issue) it had to wait for some technologies to be developed. 

For the apparition of an artillery piece that was both effective and light enough (and with not so much recoil), you would have to wait to: 

Any help would be greatly appreciated. The countries Spain and Luxembourg are currently ruled by kings from the House of Bourbon, so I thought I'd try to trace their (patrilineal) ancestry as far back as possible. Well, the Bourbons are descended from the Capetian dynasty, which in turn is descended from a noble family known as the Robertians. The Robertians came to rule France in the ninth century, but before that they were counts of Worms, going back to their namesake Robert of Hesbaye. His ancestors were dukes of Neustria and counts of Haspengau (an older name for Hasbaye), going back to Charibert of Haspengau. But here I'm hitting somewhat of a dead end. The site that Wikipedia relies upon for all this information doesn't list any ancestors of Charibert. But this site claims that his father was Tassilon I, one of the first rulers of Bavaria. Can anyone verify this claim? (Note that this would be impossible if we go by what Wikipedia says about when Charibert lived, but Wikipedia's own source contradicts that information.) Burghers, or "the bourgeoisie," acted collectively to establish town and city charters, market rights, and guilds. The advantage in a feudal economy to allowing this to occur, was that guilds provided access to goods and services that were not otherwise available in the feudal household or through direct extraction from peasants. The benefit of guilds to the nascent bourgeoisie was standardised income setting and clear markets (avoiding gouging that would be a detriment to all members of the market). Additionally, as bourgeois households were directly reliant upon their production and trade, beggaring your neighbour would beggar those who married your daughter (or in some cases, your daughter herself). Mastery of arts wasn't a key component, as many journeymen and apprentices had the capacity to conduct the work. Mastery is about the capacity to establish a household in a free city. There was no original master craftsman. In the feudal fashion, groups with a shared capacity for violence (ie, in the case of guilds, urbanity) banded together to enforce their views on the rest of society (largely by claiming that they had ancient freedoms), and then subsequently claimed that things had always been that way, at least as far back as anyone could remember. All of the venerability was invention. As proletarians did not exist, there was no difference between "trade" and "labour" guilds. The idea of a single individual originator isn't valid when dealing with economic history.