Or to put it another way: currently, you have one problem (hiding your CV from your current employer). When you have the option of using regular expressions, you'll have two problems :) Personally, I like the fact that people can tell me I'm wrong (and in what way). It means I can learn. It also means that when I'm wrong, other readers know I'm wrong. It's good all round, basically. Losing 1 reputation isn't really a significant penalty - just enough of an irritant to prevent indiscriminate downvoting. Seriously, posting an answer with a single upvote "buys" you 10 downvotes. In the time it took you to write this post, I suspect you could have answered a question or two and garnered multiple upvotes. This is particularly relevant when one comment is being used to reply to more than one other comment, for example: Downvotes with no explanation are certainly annoying, as they give you no indication of how to improve the answer (assuming it's an honest attempt to answer the question to start with - if it's an answer which just tells the OP to get lost, then it's pretty obvious why that will be downvoted). But downvotes with a comment are useful, IMO... not just to you, but also to anyone else reading the answer later. Downvotes are an incentive to get it right. If you've posted a "rather stupid answer" then that deserves the downvotes. Either edit your answer or delete it - otherwise your answer is going to be there in its "stupid" form, misleading people forever. If you have trouble with receiving criticism, that's not beside the point at all - in fact, that's a good reason to keep downvotes. Over time, hopefully Stack Overflow will help you to deal with criticism better (just like it helps us to communicate better) - and it does this in a harmless environment, compared with having to learn via getting annoyed with your manager, for example. Having technical knowledge doesn't really mean that someone knows what's best for SO or has SO's best interests at heart - but we use it as a surrogate metric. It works pretty well most of the time, but it does make issues like this trickier to reason about. How much do you really care about losing 1 rep? Personally I reserve downvoting for answers which are incorrect or significantly misleading - and in those cases it seems crazy for a single upvote to counter 5 downvotes. Surely we should have a more serious form of discouragement for potentially harmful answers. (Or alternatively, you could think of it as encouragement to delete an answer which you posted in good faith but turned out to be inaccurate.) As you say, this is due to the discrepancy between the amount of rep lost for downvotes and gained for upvotes. I've never really understood this discrepancy - I would personally rather have downvotes make a difference of -10, possibly with a cost to the downvoter of -5 instead of -1. This may discourage more "frivolous" downvotes which don't achieve anything. EDIT: So, you've said it's not the reputation that's important. It sounds like you want somewhere you can express an opinion and no-one can tell you you're wrong. Well, if that's what you want, get a blog and disable comments. That's not what Stack Overflow is for. @Bar: No, "pass by reference" and "pass reference by value" aren't the same thing. EDIT: Thinking about this more, I suspect that one of the problems is that rep is seen in multiple ways: