* I once handled a blister beetle in my garden, before knowing what it was. It was worse than getting stung by a yellow-jacket wasp. From that time on, I never forgot to wear gardening gloves around them. 

There are many lists of feeling words on the internet. Aim high; in general, I think they are too limited. When she is interacting with you, assign feeling words to characters in stories you're reading, situations where she is feeling happy/sad/frustrated/ignored/important (valued)/loved, etc.You can have her point to faces showing surprise, delight, happiness, anger, etc. if you want to check her understanding. Ask what a particular character in a fairy tale might feel. Use opportunities to make sure she has the vocabulary down. 

Take heart, though. It is never too late to improve empathy in children, as the Canadian school program Roots of Empathy shows. They have turned older children around and changed lives. 

While I don’t know exactly what age your son is, I wouldn't worry too much about it. I would work on it at home, because it will help him if he can read by the middle of first grade. (I didn't even try to teach my kids to read until kindergarten. I did use a phonics and phonemes program. They're all avid readers now.) 

Normally, you can't make someone cough. You can encourage a child to imitate you, but inducing the act of coughing is actually very difficult. Since in many conditions (e.g. the long periods of inactivity following strokes) coughing is quite important to pulmonary health, inducing involuntary coughing has been studied. There are mechanical devices that can simulate cough, there is "pulmonary hygiene" for such situations, and there are even studies using nebulized irritants to induce involuntary coughing. 

Not all coughs are productive coughs, including the cough that comes from a sore throat. If she has a dry cough, she can cough 'til the cows come home; it won't help anything, and it will hurt her throat. People instinctively protect themselves by suppressing coughs like this. 

Personally, I would work on it. From the studies I looked at, empathy, even at 4 years, is a positive predictor of problems at 6 and 8 years, and those, in turn... etc. 

Below are some resources, some are guidelines, some are things you can do, some are heavier reading. These are for children in the US. If you live elsewhere, your country will have similar sites. 

You're correct that your son "should" have more empathy at this age, certainly not in all situations, but these are basic and easily comprehensible by a 3.5 year old, especially maternal distress. 

You need to find a balance between doing things with her that you feel obligated but unfulfilled doing (perhaps like playing with stuffed animals or playing Candyland) and doing things that you both like doing (there are some terrifically good children's books out there), outdoor stuff, sedate stuff (kid's movies), etc. Maybe you can do something else while you're attending to her that is shared and fun for you: photography, or art. But it all matters to her. Make it count, be present, impart values to her while doing stuff together. 

Having said all this, it's possible that your attempts to make her cough will backfire on you, making her resist all the more. Most healthy young people don't come down with pneumonia after a cold, and there is little that can be done to prevent viral pneumonia (e.g. during peak respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) season). I would recommend talking to her doctor about your fears. One episode of pneumonia in a child is not generally worrisome. Recurrent pneumonia in a child, however, is reason for a work-up for underlying illness. 

That doesn't mean you have to be at her beck and call. It doesn't mean that there shouldn't be activities that she can do quietly. However, it does mean that her needs come first (and here I think I'm sensing some resentment on your part for painting your child in a childish and immature light - she often turns on the waterworks and goes crying to mommy - yes, that is what childish and immature 4 year olds do. They act like 4 year olds.)