In short, there is not truly a clear answer either way - and should be a matter of personal conviction, convincement, and agreement between a husband and his wife. 

What is the biblical basis for requiring a minister to be paid for their work? 

From Paul's own writing to Timothy, specifically verse 12: 

You cannot spank yourself, but corporal punishment and discipline is not forbidden in the Bible in general. 

I did a word study on "chaste" and "chasten" several months ago, because I had heard of such topics discussed in the great portions of Christendom than I had previously been acquainted (I give some references to those websites both via a Google link, and directly in the footnotes to that article). 

Put another way, what is the biblical basis for supporting the notion of a solely-vocational pastor? 

and Psalm 51, especially verse 5 

Note - I am NOT looking for a biblical basis that paying a minister anything is OK: there are myriad passages that could be turned to for that. This is exclusively about a mandate for such recompense. 

God's reason for destroying the world with water in Genesis via the flood was that "the imaginations of the heart of men are only evil continually". 

It is a parent's job to know their children and to know what forms of discipline (both corrective and formative) will be most effective with their child - and that may vary from child to child, or age to age with the same child. 

are generally the first references for the doctrine. 

If there are "none righteous", and we are "brought forth in iniquity", then we have already failed to keep God's holy standard, and are, therefore, depraved from birth. If we are depraved from birth, and we cannot do righteously, then it is throughout the totality of our being. 

So no, there is no "age requirement", but one must at least fulfill the prerequisites listed in Titus 1 & 1 Timothy 3. 

Surely as representatives of Christ in the home, the husband/father is responsible for discipline in his family (Eph 5:23,28-30 & 6:4 as a quick start) - just as Christ is in His church. 

Excluding specific commands regarding what was worthy of death to the nation of Israel under God's special covenant, it would seem that the Bible takes a neutral-to-positive view of the death penalty: the Noahic covenant was made with only 8 people on the planet - the forebears of all of modern humanity. As with Adamic covenants, since the it was made to the federal representative(s) of humanity, it still applies today - especially in light of the end of the covenant (Genesis 9:12ff): 

Does this mean that husbands should be allowed to exercise corporal discipline over their wives? The Bible does not say directly. We are to love our wives as ourselves - and we are to discipline ourselves. 

We are to discipline ourselves (1 Cor 9:27), and we see in 2 Tim 3:16-17 that discipline and correction rightly arise from scripture. 

Regarding corporal punishment/discipline between parents and their children, all throughout Proverbs, and many other places, discusses (and even encourages) corporal discipline when appropriate. It is by no means the only form of discipline available in a parent's repertoire, but it is, biblically, available. 

Paul does not deny the government the right to execute him if he has done something worthy of death in Acts 25:11a: 

There are a host of references to capital punishment in the Bible - the first of which is in Genesis shortly after the Flood in Genesis 9:6: