In other words, if you had to pick one or the other: P.S. I mentioned the type of lubricant and degreaser I'm using to show that it's not corrosive and carcinogenic like the usual stuff; so in my case, I am only concerned with not getting oil and black smears all over my hands. I'm asking because the usual latex stuff won't likely last long, especially if ripped on something sharp. * In my case, I only need the Torx T25 to adjust disc brake pads — little force required. Alternatively, will regular household gloves work? Or what about garden ones? Does having each hex wrench separate offer any notable advantages? What about torque (e.g. for pedals)? For day-to-day purposes on a modern bike (where most screws are easily accessible), will the ball-ends be useful? Are there any special re-usable gloves for this kind of bike work? Apart from Torx T25 screws for the disc brakes*, my bike has hex screws mostly everywhere — so a small multi-tool would do the trick: Are separate hex (Allen) keys better than a multi-tool for adjusting and maintaining a bike at home? Some of the separated sets also have ball-ends for the 4/5/6mm keys: Then try some of these techniques: Rear dropout spacing. This will decide how easy it is to use your old wheels. I also noticed that the pads themselves do not sit parallel in the caliper. With the adjusters backed all the way out, I can get one side or the other to sit against the frame of the caliper, but the other is slightly angled. It seems like the spring is not pushing out evenly. I'm thinking of getting a torque wrench (or something similar) for working on bikes. The ones I have for cars are pretty ungainly and I think I'd be at the low end of the range where they aren't too accurate most of the time. If you decide to build, there are likely to be some unexpected "gotchas" along the way. So it is worth doing some reading and searching to see if others have run into similar problems. Sheldon Brown has a good piece on Upgrading Older Road Bicycles that may help you start thinking about the possible problems. Overtime the morass of bicycle standards has sorted itself out (a bit) so some of the problems that he mentions may not be issues. If you're looking at a frame you may find that the builder/seller publishes the key specs so that you can buy the correct parts. The specs will help you identify where the problems may lie. Some of the ones that come immediately to mind are: I accept that this can affect the paint, but I don't want to cause structural damage (e.g. bend or break) the frame. Should I be concerned? tires brakes bolts all other parts, including frame Overview As needed or as inspired, rinse off bike with water, clean with soapy water and degreaser, wipe down, rinse off. In practice, I do this every month or two or... of commuting. And yes, there are advantages to cleaning your bike; a clean bike will last longer, perform better, and serve as proof of the love of a proud owner. I have a rhode gear trailer with a 100 lb capacity, similar to the burley and other brands, that attaches to the left chainstay (see image of hitch below). I currently have it attached to my heavy-duty commuter, and I am not concerned with any adverse effects that it might have. However, I am having so much fun with it that I would also like to attach it to my road bike, which has a steel frame built for racing.