There are other cognate terms as well, mores and ethos refer to the practices of a particular culture or people. 

For Aristotle, none of this abrogates (eliminates) blame. The fact that you're upbringing did not enable you to be ethical doesn't for Aristotle exempt you from the requirement to be ethical. 

Aristotle's picture is different. Sometimes we distinguish this by being careful about using "ethical" instead of "moral" (regrettably, these two terms are used in many different and confusing ways). But in Aristotle's case, the idea is this: the good action is the one that reflects correctly human nature and is the wisest action that mirrors this (building on the function argument in NE BK I.7). In other words, the standard is not whether you personally can do the action but rather what a human being trained and reasoning appropriately would do in those circumstances. If it is the case that you cannot do, then you will act badly (which for Aristotle means you will be blameworthy). In other words, his account lacks "ought implies can" and with this lacks any sense in which the inadequacy of one's circumstances or prior training legitimating or justifying a wrong action. 

Affirming 2 seems to be the default position. The challenge then would be to deny the prima facie reading of 2 and not wind up with a dangerous view. One method is to replace "lives" with "persons" and suggest that zygotes, embryos, and fetuses are not persons. But then how old does a born child have to be to be a person? Another method is to view human life as a relative good in competition with other goods -- e.g. the environment, personal autonomy, etc. The relative good approach also has some interesting pitfalls. What if a woman is part of dying tribe of people and wants to terminate her pregnancy? Could we then say that the value of diverse human genetics requires her to bring it to term or maybe more so become a baby factory? 

In this case, it's wise to pick assumptions that make your argument harder in which case you can add: 

This paragraph strikes me as being anti-theory or situationalist in its outlook. This view is sometimes attributed to GEM Anscombe for the view in modern moral philosophy and also her book Intention (I have not read the latter at this point). I also am familiar with it from Robert Roberts. 

Before we give in despair, we should realize however that most contemporary "Utilitarians" do not follow Mill in making the goal the maximization of pleasure. First off, there's the problem with defining pleasure. Second, there's other concerns that they want to incorporate that pursue many to either want to (a) minimize suffering or (b) maximize justice or (c) maximize freedom or (d) something more complicated. These contemporary utilitarians are often called "consequentialists."