- Niles' Register, July 11 1835 

They didn't end up in any one particular place. In more recent decades, discovered skulls are generally returned to Japan, or disposed of in various ways (lack of identification). 

Therefore, in practice, people could keep on drinking by: 

This border in particular seems straight because a huge 3,500 km section of the Canadian-US border was somewhat arbitrarily fixed at the 49th parallel. Most of the border west of the Lake of the Woods was first proposed in 1807, and decided in the Anglo-American Convention of 1818, with the Oregon section finalised in the Oregon Treaty. 

More importantly, while Thomson was designing the Great Seal, he had access to Symbolorum et emblematum, an influential 1597 book of emblems by Bavarian Joachim Camerarius. That book happened to contain a depiction of an eagle with an olive branch and thunderbolts. The eagle grasping a thunderbolt has a lengthy history stretching back to Classical Antiquity, when it was an allusion to Zeus (or Jupiter, to Rome). This is believed to have been the inspiration for Thomson's design. 

Consuming stockpiles purchased pre-Prohibition Drinking as a guest at someone else's place Making wine at home (often with ready-to-ferment "juice bricks") Purchasing drinks on a "medical prescription" à la modern medicinal marijuana Buying alcohol from organised crimes, who grew rich smuggling them in from Canada The Prohibition also did not apply to drinks with less than 0.5% alcohol. Many breweries produced such malt beverages in order to survive the 1920s. Though, it is up to you whether to call that beer... 

Skinner, Kiron; Annelise Anderson, and Martin Anderson. Reagan: A Life in Letters. Simon and Schuster, 2004. 

When the nascent United States was drafting and adopting its supreme laws, some references to religions were made. For example, in the Bill of Rights: 

Compared to the Russian ambassador to Britain, the President of the United States at the time received a paltry $25,000. While Adams was advocating raises for diplomats like himself, there's little doubt that European governments supported their representatives well. For example, Britain's ambassadors enjoyed expense accounts to the sizes of: 

- Article I, Section 10, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution