Finally, if I were marooned on an desert isle and could only have one writing book it would be the one that teaches all of this: Make Your Words Work, by Gary Provost - Amazon link. But, he loves stamps. Now the faltering of the self-concept. He has to alter his self-concept. Sell the stamps, get the girl. But the stamps are the essence of who Herman is and his entire meaning in life. Of course, you know how this is going to play out? Herman is going to sell the stamps, spend his money on wild living with the painted lady and then lose her too. Then, where will his self-concept be? Completely trashed. No stamps. No beautiful girl. That's The Power of Self-Concept Playing Out In A Story Screen plays have specific things happen in specific places -- they are time-bound after all. Learning those special requirements can help you target your story toward your outcome. The first problem however, of getting technical help, is the problem of defining what great writing actually is. At this point, your friend walks away. What? He can't just stop the story. Clarity If readers cannot tell what you're saying and are forced to re-read your sentences they will not suffer your writing long. Make it clear. Screen Plays Are Special Animals They're worth millions. Ophelia would marry me. You'll also find a fantastic section named: Example of how it might work in a story: The Best Screen Play Book of All. Viki King's book, How To Write A Screen Play in 21 Days - amazon link is fantastic and even provides a bit of insight related to your issue -- see image-quote below. Many writers love language and have read great books and the emotional problem they have is that if they write and it turns out poorly then they have an idea in their mind that they will only have proven to themselves that they are not the actually great writers they dream of being. All day long they dream of sitting and writing but are crippled by this fear of failure. They start and stop continually without ever achieving anything significant in fear of proving to themselves that they are not great writers. This is too bad and is summarized beautifully in a great quote: Push Character Up Against His/Her Self-Concept