It seems to be fairly common for boys of that age to start getting disruptive. (Not that girls can't be disruptive too, but it's less common for girls to directly act out that way - http://faculty.chicagobooth.edu/marianne.bertrand/research/papers/the%20trouble%20with%20boys.pdf ) It's good that you are addressing the problem early. Having the report card is a great start. Now, what do you do about it when you get the card? Simply getting a piece of paper isn't going to mean anything to him. 

Interestingly, my son and my daughter have developed extremely different spending patterns according to their personalities. Money burns a hole in my son's pocket. If he has any money at all he spends it on the first impulse item he sees and wants. This has carried over into his early teen years, unfortunately. I think it is a product of his early life in an extremely poor rural Chinese orphanage (he was 4-1/2 when we adopted him). We decided to compromise, by "rewarding" him with a substantial gift that we would have been inclined to give him anyway. That happened to be a smart phone, and it has worked out very well for the most part. Because it is a gift that he uses all the time, not wanting to have it taken away, even for a short time, is a big motivator. 

There were several benefits from doing rewards this way. First is that since there was no intrinsic value to them, I could decide what they were worth. My children would ask me "how many gold pennies would this cost?" If it was something I wanted them to "buy" (healthy food that they liked at the supermarket, the right to choose where we went to dinner on our night out, chapter books, etc) I set the price fairly low, and if it was something I didn't want them to have (candy, comic books, etc) the price was high. That way they always knew they could get something if they absolutely wanted it but I stacked the deck in the favor of the healthy choices. Talk to his teachers, maybe they will be able to make changes that will make him feel safer. If it were me I'd start with the principal and ask him what measures were in place to deal with bullying in school. If he has a good answer, make sure your son knows what help is available to him. If there is nothing in place to help him, raise h**l. You are, and must be, your son's greatest advocate. There is no excuse for a school which doesn't address this issue. None. 

If you can throw in an example of when you were wrong, and when your partner was wrong, and how you finally realized you were wrong, that's helpful. 

I can relate; I cannot tune out noise either (never have been able to), and it does add to my stress level. People noise is especially distressing to me, though particularly when I'm trying to get something done that requires (for me) relative quiet. At individual therapy, learn how to engage and disengage with the kind of behavior your son exhibits to manipulate you. You need to not take his behavior personally, even if it feels very personal. Being rational while hurting is difficult, so learn to engage/disengage with his behavior rationally. Practice in your mind, practice with your therapist. (The consequences for bad behavior need to be worked out in advance, best with the therapist, and laid out in a calm discussion with your son.) 

If the answer is to any degree no, then I do think you're making a big mistake in not accepting your daughter's homosexuality. If you've been outspoken about disapproving of gays in the past, is it any wonder that she didn't come out to you, and that part of her coming out is associated with a rejection of you? Her flaunting it on FB might be really empowering for her. 

Aside from the self discipline and physical and martial training, one benefit kids can get from martial training is that it reduces the trauma of physical violence. Children who grow up tussling with their siblings have healthier attitudes about and reactions to physical conflicts. There's a good article about that here: http://www.todaysparent.com/family/parenting/roughhousing-aggressive-or-constructive-behaviour/ 

There were several benefits from doing rewards this way. First is that since there was no intrinsic value to them, I could decide what they were worth. My children would ask me "how many gold pennies would this cost?" If it was something I wanted them to "buy" (healthy food that they liked at the supermarket, the right to choose where we went to dinner on our night out, chapter books, etc) I set the price fairly low, and if it was something I didn't want them to have (candy, comic books, etc) the price was high. That way they always knew they could get something if they absolutely wanted it but I stacked the deck in the favor of the healthy choices. It seems to be fairly common for boys of that age to start getting disruptive. (Not that girls can't be disruptive too, but it's less common for girls to directly act out that way - http://faculty.chicagobooth.edu/marianne.bertrand/research/papers/the%20trouble%20with%20boys.pdf ) It's good that you are addressing the problem early. Having the report card is a great start. Now, what do you do about it when you get the card? Simply getting a piece of paper isn't going to mean anything to him. One thing that really helped was that I started taking him to Boy Scouts. They are a very inclusive organization and make an effort to get everyone involved. He gets more outdoor / exercise, makes friends and Scouting has done really good things for his character, especially his sense of responsibility. We decided to compromise, by "rewarding" him with a substantial gift that we would have been inclined to give him anyway. That happened to be a smart phone, and it has worked out very well for the most part. Because it is a gift that he uses all the time, not wanting to have it taken away, even for a short time, is a big motivator. 

Another thing that we started doing was playing Pokemon Go. This is something that we can do together as a family, and we all get exercise. We go out somewhere and walk around catching Pokemon and working up an appetite, then we go out to a restaurant (kids get to vote). Fun for the family, and because it is an electronic game he's more enthusiastic about it.