Hit a flush on the river is scarier as people play Ax suited so still don't look to get all your chips in the pot. But you cannot fold to a big get or you will be exploited. At the federal level they made processing the money transaction illegal. Most states don't allow gambling and you could have the same argument of jobs and tax revenue. Gambling is not widely accepted as a positive contribution to society (in the USA). Random There are 990 two card hands after you take out your two cards and the board. Just count up the number of hands that beat you and divide by 990. This would be for a random hand but at the river they are not on a random hand. I get it was just a home game but protect you cards is your responsibility. You deserve to forfeit the hand - even in a home game. A simple chart like this is really good starting hands guide of when to play, raise, and re-raise. From there you can size you raise / re-raise but getting fancier than that is for very good players that have good reads. Flop You bet the pot so villain was not getting direct odds to call a draw. TT is usually going to hold up here. A Q would call here that you are ahead of. Many people have an impression that because the chip leader at a table has the majority of the chips, they should be "bullying" the table. This isn't the best way to look at the situation. What a large stack gives you is more utility. The utility to outplay your opponents by having the full arsenal of poker moves at your disposal. If you were short stacked, you wouldn't have very many options. You'd likely have to either be going all-in or folding. So, yes, you should try to play more hands than you would be playing if you were short stacked so as to see more flops, thereby maximizing your skill advantage. You value greatly when an opponent doesn't realize you've polarized your range to include only strong value and air since you've obviously greatly increased your expectation with said air hands (your bluffs). As such, it's entirely counter-productive to try and convince opponents you have a polarized hand range. There are generally three types of ranges: Consider checking. This way Villian will likely continuation bet his entire range, {KK+, AK} as well as the hands you're beating, {AQ, AJs, QQ-99}. And if he doesn't, you can be reasonably confident that he doesn't have {KK+, AK} and then you can bet the turn/river for value against {QQ-99}. With a capped range, you have no strong hands. You only have bluffcatchers/air. Your range is extremely weak. But, remember, we're playing a reg. We don't want to implement a strategy that is so obviously exploitable against a thinking opponent. And, on top of that, we are trying to maximize our expectation with each hand in our range. As such, we shouldn't be 3-bet shoving a hand like JTs as it will obviously have a better expectation by flatting his open than it will by 3-bet shoving it. Therefore, we polarize our 3-bet shoving range. 9 High card High card. After that kicker rules. Odds: 0.995 : 1 Announced: X high with an intonation of I hope it holds up At that point you are getting pot odds of 8 : 2.5 You odds of winning the hand is only 86 : 13 You were getting 1/2 the odds you needed and you were going to face more bets K-10 suited is not just outside the tight range in early position. That is a very loose call. That is only a calling hand in late position. That hand only wins 25% against 5 random hands. Since UTG had to think about it he probably had blockers to JJ, TT or AK. Suit Suit is spade, club, heart, or diamond. They are equal. What does it take to price someone out of a flush draw on the turn? 4 on the board and 2 in the opponents hand. 52 - 4 - 2 = 46 cards out 9 cards left to make a flush So the odd to make the flush is 9 : 37 = 1 : 4.11 What is interesting here is you know there are no flush in your hand so the actual odds are 9 : 35 = 1 : 3.89 What bet gives your opponent exactly 0 reason to call -bet + 9/37(bet + pot) = 0 9/37 pot = (1 - 9 /37) bet 9/37 pot = 28/37 bet bet / pot = 9 / 28 = 32% You have to bet right at 1/3 of the pot for call to be a wash Your opponent should call anything up to 1/3 pot bet by you Your bet is in the pot (4/3) / (1/3) = 4 : 1 You value greatly when an opponent doesn't realize you've polarized your range to include only strong value and air since you've obviously greatly increased your expectation with said air hands (your bluffs). As such, it's entirely counter-productive to try and convince opponents you have a polarized hand range. OP EDIT: If you were the villain with QQ on the flop, how much would hero have to bet to get you to fold? ~$50+ when facing a tight-aggressive player that raised UTG, smooth called a small reraise, and then donk-bet 2/3rds pot on a super dry K52 rainbow flop. Tight-aggressive players just aren't doing this with worse than Kx. If he had {QQ-99}, he'd likely just check-call one or two streets. He also might be donk-betting with Ax hands that missed but it's such a small portion of his range you can usually ignore it, especially when you consider that most people won't continuation bet 2/3rds pot with air. They'll c-bet around half pot or slightly less. You shouldn't be choosing a starting hand because it's been X amount of time since the last time you played a hand. The primary goal in poker is to win chips. You achieve this goal by: If he donk-bet less, say $30-$40, I'd call one street and reevaluate on the turn. In this scenario, once I've hit my set I'm getting it in. Any non-Queen turn I would give up if he continued betting and if he didn't I'd check behind. Same on the river.