@John Craven is correct that the great depression was a complex, global phenomenon, and Roosevelt's policies are only one factor. I'll agree with Mr. Craven that it would be absurd to credit Roosevelt with sole agency in either direction. 

I think that it will be impossible to provide the kind of data you want, but we can approximate an answer. 

In short the man had the ability to deliver votes, the ability to deliver votes from a key constituency, and some experience to bring to the ticket. He wasn't an entirely irrational choice given what was known at the time. 

West of the Appalachians (where the colonies had been forbidden to settle, and where the "national government" had a very tenuous presence) were particularly poor in specie. People turned to barter. West of the Appalachians, the dominant industry was farming, but the country didn't yet have the transportation infrastructure necessary to send farm goods to market. The one good that could be transported over long distances was distilled spirits and whiskey. 

In the US, these days, the national inspection and labeling rules are such that few to none worry much about a package of meat in the store being some other product besides what is stated, and wholesome. 

The soldiers and officers of all Confederate Armies were exempted from treason trials by the terms of Lee's surrender to Grant. They were allowed to go home unmolested as long as they ceased to make war on the US. All other CSA forces soon surrendered on the same terms and also were exempt from treason trials. 

Government officials were not exempt, and could have been tried for treason or other crimes. The official in charge of Andersonville Prison camp was executed for his actions there, as War Crimes. Jefferson Davis was imprisoned for about 2 years, but was let go on bail even before Johnson's pardon. Davis wanted a trial, but the US government decided it wasn't worth the fuss. 

EDIT: Another factor that would drive customers to demand whole animal food or unprocessed food would be fear of adulteration or substitution. A can of tinned meat might be horse instead of beef, but the entire cow standing there is pretty much a cow. 

Since most Americans no longer raise their own animals, or have to preserve meat for long periods because fresh meat is readily available, they no longer need to buy meat in such large quantities that an entire animal is required, so it is cut up for convenience. 

Even so, you can certainly purchase whole dressed game hens, chickens, and near major holidays 25 pound turkeys, so the driving force is not really a repugnance for animal shaped food. 

The new country was also a Republic - a type of government that was effectively untested (my Dutch ancestors force me to qualify the statement), and there was widespread doubt that the government could be effective - the rest of the world employed some form of Monarchy to maintain order and property rights, and the notion of giving a bunch of debtors the right to vote themselves money from the public purse was perceived as quite insane. 

Arms control is one of the areas in which Dan Quayle has developed significant expertise. He took a particularly close interest in the negotiations leading to the treaty banning intermediate range missiles. R. Perle in NY Times Perle spent much of his career on arms control, and his opinion should not be taken lightly. 

In short the man had the ability to deliver votes, the ability to deliver votes from a key constituency, and some experience to bring to the ticket. He wasn't an entirely irrational choice given what was known at the time. 

The British did consider self reliance. Ultimately you can do more with the resources of two countries than you can with the resources of one. Furthermore UK policy was set in the context of a conflict between the NATO alliance (where the UK was a major player) against the Warsaw Pact alliance.