This combined with good scouting of the front, and suiciding an OL in if needed, should at least give you a read of aggression incoming, tech, or expansions. Edit: There is now an in game clock feature. It can be enabled by going to options, gameplay, and then enabling the in-game clock. The below is old information and no longer relevant. In general, if your protoss will lack detection and you know (or highly suspect) their protoss is teching, try to get an evo chamber up and a spore in your mineral line. This will keep you safe vs dt's and hold off at least the initial air play, hopefully giving your protoss enough time for his anti-air units to get there, or for his dt's to deal the killing blow to them. A queen using the spawn larva ability as often as possible creates 4 larva after 40 seconds (so an average of 1 larva/10 seconds). A hatchery produces 1 larva every 15 seconds, and only if there are less than 3 larva at the hatchery. Thus a queen effectively used actually produces more larva than an extra hatchery, and for less than half the cost! Don't forget that extra hatch also costs the 50 you spent on the drone, and is one less drone mining. There is currently no way to view the time elapsed in game. The lack of this has led to numerous threads requesting the feature on blizzard's forums. There appear to be no plans currently to add it, but I would not rule out the possibility of it being added eventually given all the requests blizzard is receiving. PZ vs PT/PP First off, let me say that the builds you are doing are not very good unless the enemy has a zerg on their team. If there is no Z on the enemy team, your Z should be opening hatch first barring any proxy nonsense against a PP or PT team. If you are uncomfortable with hatch first and want to play it safe, you can do the speedling expand instead. Especially early game or vs any things like a banshee rush or void ray rush, the queen's attack capabilities are not to be underestimated. Don't forget, until lair tech queens are your only mobile anti-air unit you have. Additionally, queens have the transfuse and creep tumor ability.