For example, a Hebrew speaker may hear a stream speech and perceive it as [pka] while an English speaker might hear the same stream of speech and perceive it as [pə'ka], since Hebrew phonotactics allow syllable onset kt-clusters while English phonotactics don't. Now, of course the F0 of a vowel does not usually stay exactly the same through the course of the vowel; if we wanted a more precise measurement we could measure the time between every two pulses and then divide 1 by that time to get the fundamental frequency for that part of the vowel. If we then plotted the results on a line graph we'd get a nice fundamental frequency contour. There are reasons specific to syllable structure and markedness that @Aerlinthe has done a great job of delineating (that answer got an upvote from me!), but I think it's also important to point out that we could replace the phrase "syllable complexity" in this question with almost any other grammatical feature: Why do languages have different vowel inventories from each other? Why do languages have different numbers of genders from each other? Why do languages have different word orders from each other? That being said, it is indeed quite possible that, articulatorily, the sound most often being transcribed as a velar fricative is being lenited to an approximant, in the sense that there is not enough of a constriction in the vocal tract to produce audible turbulent noise. This is quite common cross-linguistically; for example, the pronunciation of the Icelandic word saga is usually transcribed as [saɣa], but in reality it is often produced as [saɰa]; that is, the back of the tongue and velum approach each other for the velar consonant but they never get close enough to result in audible fricative noise. Check out the UPenn Forced Aligner: If all three of these independent articulatory actions happen simultaneously, the [n] transitions into an [s] without any intermediate output. However, if (2) and (3) happen slightly before (1), there is a short period of time when voicing has ceased and air is not escaping through the nose or the mouth, with the oral closure being that of the [n], i.e. alveolar. What is the resulting speech segment? The voiceless alveolar stop, [t]! Once (1) kicks in the air gets released and the [t] "gives way" to the fricative [s]. Vocal F0 range is mainly determined by the length and thickness of the vocal folds. Inasmuch as neck circumference correlates with the size of the vocal folds inside the neck, you could find a loose, indirect correlation between neck circumference and F0 range. For example, adults generally have thicker necks than children, and they generally have lower F0 ranges. Following @robert's suggestion, here is an alternative that bypasses the editor window (the manual way to access the "Extract part" command is to highlight the sound in the object window and choose Convert > Extract part...): Duration - As you can see, it's quite clear where the chunks of unobstructed periodic voicing as opposed to aperiodic noise are (though sometimes the exact placement of a boundary between the two can be tricky), and it's quite simple to measure their duration. In this case, the first and third vowels are comparable in length, while the middle vowel is much shorter. This makes sense, since the first vowel is stressed and the last vowel is unstressed but word-, phrase-, and utterance-final. The middle vowel is unstressed and word-medial. Phonetics is also relevant, of course, since interpreting a stream of speech and mapping it to its phonological representation involves knowledge/awareness of the phonetics of the language at hand. In English, for example, the location of a syllable boundary in relation to an [st] cluster is cued in part by how long the [t] closure is and how long the period of aspiration before the vowel is. In [as.ta] the [t] will have a longer closure and a longer period of aspiration than the [t] in [a.sta]. One last note: even within a single language, some words may be difficult to syllabify and different linguists may infer different syllabifications, since different phonological tests may yield conflicting results. In some dialects of English, for example, syllable counts for words like hire and flour are notoriously difficult to pin down. It's not always trivial to decide whether to call a vowel a monophthong, a diphthong, or a triphthong. In the end, the answer usually depends on who's asking, who's answering, and why the question is being asked. It's almost never useful just to ask this question in a vacuum (like asking if some person is white or if a tomato is a vegetable or if time exists). I think, more often than not, it's a matter of convention rather than of phonetic distinctions. For example, I know one phonologist who sticks to [ɝ] and [ɚ] for transcriptions of American English, and by convention she uses [ɝ] in stressed positions (as in 'sir') and [ɚ] in unstressed positions (as in 'ulcer'). It's true that the formants of the vowel in 'ulcer' are going to tend to be a bit less extreme (i.e., a bit more centralized) than those of the vowel in 'sir', especially at faster speech rates. But they aren't always, and yet she lets phonology, not phonetics, dictate which symbol she uses. This follows the convention of transcribing the vowel in the unstressed syllable of 'submit' as [ə] and that in the stressed vowel of 'substance' as [ʌ], even if instances of those respective words can be found in which the formant values of the vowel are identical in the two cases. This phenomenon is indeed quite common, and it makes sense if you think about it in articulatory terms.