In the end, I'd call his theory testable but not falsifiable. He makes the argument that he provides testable hypotheses that we will find more mathematical structures, but there's nothing in the theory which permits Popperian falsification. This puts it in a category alongside many Asian concepts such as Traditional Chinese Medicine, which permit testing but not falisification. Thus, his theory must find its use the same way TCM does. It gets picked up by people who feel their lives are improved by picking it up, but it is rejected by science because it does not conform to the strict rules science uses today. So, as a fellow engineer, I think this is where the overthink is happening. The focus of the underbelly of mathematics is coming up with definitions to build all of the rest of mathematics on. It is easier to convey these concepts to non-mathematicians if they have real life implications, so real life terminology leaks in. It also gives mathematicians a great myriad of intuition checks. If something doesn't pass the intuition check, it's worth double checking to see if the meaning of a word has shifted along the way. Just kidding, as a fellow engineer, I have an inkling where you are digging at. Welcome to the fascinating underbelly of mathematics, which is constantly churning and mixing with the philosophy of mathematics. It behaves a bit differently than the upper tiers. Instead of trying to make powerful earth shattering statements about our reality, like proving there are countably infinite primes, they're trying to define the most subtle and intuitive assumptions you can make to get there. Your concept that it is an appeal to intuition is valid, because that's what it is. What makes Euclid's straight line interesting is that it is highly effective at making predictions about how our world works. Euclid claims the sum of the angles of a triangle add up to 180 degrees. In 2300 years, nobody has been able to make a triangle with a different sum of angles (without "cheating"), so we're pretty sure that Euclid's definition of straight lines is useful enough to warrant teaching children. You're an engineer. You're familiar with computing. If you are working as part of a shoestring-budget startup, and you hear someone say "we need more computing power," it has a meaning. It typically means breaking the piggy bank to scrounge together a few GHz worth of processors to do the work. However, if you're working on a BlueGene/Q, and you hear someone say "we need more computing power," it has a different meaning. If you tried to solve their problem by walking in with a few Windows 10 boxen, they'd look at you funny (but the startup might have drooled, and wondered where you got them). In natural languages, the meaning of words often shifts with contexts. For most contexts, Euclid's definition is good enough. For general relativity questions, the term straight-line has another meaning. In fact, it becomes so different in nature that people tend to call the GR version "geodesics!" This is mathematics! We can define anything we bloody well want! A FribbleMoose may be a neat definition to work with. However, it is him electing to call it a "straight line" that suggests that this mathematical definition may have real life implications. This implication is not material to the definition. If it turned out that all of society agreed that Euclid's wording was a poor one, it would at least still have at least as much meaning as a FribbleMoose had, although people may complain about his deceitful naming scheme. Proving the negative is impossible in many paradigms, especially in science. In particular, any philosophy which derives from Empiricism runs into trouble proving a negative because one would have to experience everything in the universe to prove that something is not there. Consider that it was "impossible" to violate Bell's inequalities until Quantum Physics experimentally proved that you could.* If one wishes to prove the negative, it often calls for ontological truths which go beyond empiricism, such as those religions often contain. Just off hand, "there is no way to the father except through me" from Christianity comes to mind, but there's examples in every religion.