At Matthew 6: 9 , before teaching the Lord's Prayer Jesus says: “This, then, is how you should pray..." . He did not say : " This is WHAT you should pray ..." . Theoretically at least, `Our Father..' was NOT intended to be the ultimate prayer , but was taught as a model prayer. Th Holy Eucharist goes much beyond, by offering the Body and Blood of the Saviour as spiritual food and drink that redeems the faithful. 

Isaiah 42:3 has this prophecy: 

John the Evangelist occasionally refers to himself as 'the disciple whom Jesus loved' (Jn 12:23; 19:26; 21:7; 21:20). (Interestingly, no other evangelist makes such a reference.) Is it possible that Jesus had a special consideration for John because of that status? What is the Catholic view of it? 

By the way, the text of Eucharistic Celebration in various Catholic rites like Latin and Syrian includes the Lord's Prayer, the latter one having the Prayer both at the beginning and before the end of the Mass. That, I feel, should answer the question. 

(22) The Father begot me His son and the same Son. Whatever God does, this is one; because of this He Himself begot me His Son without any distinction. 

The second mark of the Church, its sanctity, means the Church cannot teach error or lead one into error. 

The sense is that prayer should not be loquacious, meaningless verbage, which the prayers of the Rosary, being so pregnant with meaning, are not. 

(2) Likewise it can be granted that the world existed from eternity. 

W. Turner writes in the old Catholic Encyclopedia "Ockham" entry: 

(14) A good man ought so to conform his will to the divine will that he himself wishes whatever God wishes; because God wishes me to have sinned in some way, I would not wish that I had not committed sins, and this is true repentance. 

If that document indeed says Jews can be saved without the Catholic Faith, it is contrary to dogmatic teaching expressed, e.g., in the Council of Florence's decree Cantate Domino (Denz. 714), ratified by Pope Eugene IV: 

(26) All creatures are one pure nothing; I do not say that they are something ordinary or anything, but that they are one pure nothing. 

Reply to Objection 1: As discussed above, karma is not granted to one person by God, but grace is. 

If I were translating it into English de novo, I might come up with something like 

[If someone has been baptized by another Christian denomination, they're presumed to have been baptized validly, and thus will not be re-baptized at all—even conditionally—unless there is serious reason to believe that the Catholic Church doesn't recognize that baptism as valid.] 

2 to celebrate the sacraments or sacramentals and to receive the sacraments; 

(Matthew 28:19, New International Version) 

Unfortunately, Buck does not state where he gets this number. In his discussion of "Persecution of Christians by those of the same name", in which he focuses exclusively on post-Reformation persecutions of Protestants by Catholics, he mentions the Inquisition, the Dutch Revolt (not by that name), the French Wars of Religion (likewise not by that name), the English Reformation, the 1641 Irish Rebellion, and unspecified slaughters by Catholics in Scotland and Spain (although it specifies that the Spanish killings it mentions are of Jews, Muslims, and "barbarians", not of Christians). 

Thus, there is solid Scriptural evidence that the early Christians directly invoked, and were instructed (directly or indirectly) to directly invoke, the name of the Lord, rather than speaking the names of the Trinity; the only occurrence of the phrase "the name of the Father" refers to the "Great Commission" passage in Matthew: