Let's take "American English as currently spoken in the Pacific Northwest" ("Y") to be the younger language, and "English spoken in the British Isles in 1600" ("X") to be the older language. It would be reasonable to say that X is an ancestor of Y, in the same way that one can say that Knudt Knudtsen is an ancestor of me. We would not say that I am a newer variety of Knudt Knudtsen, because Knudt Knudtsen is a discrete entity who clearly died. X is not a discrete entity which clearly died at some point in the past. What an academic linguist would conclude is that there isn't a difference between the possibilities that you describe -- they refer to the same fact. Languages don't actually have ages, and they aren't discrete things like people are. So we'll have to first interpret what you mean by "older language" versus "younger language". It's even harder to understand what the difference would be between X being an ancestor of Y versus X being an older variety of Y. If you want similarities that have to do with "the nature of humans", you need to look at maximally unrelated languages, like Chinese, English, Lushootseed, Malay. If you only look at IE languages, the implication is that you're looking for similarities that are due to historical unity. Assuming that the goal is to exemplify common-original similarities using grammar, that is a very tough bill to fill, using IE languages, because the modern languages are not very similar in grammar. You could maybe gain some traction looking at verb inflection in Slavic, Romance, Icelandic and Modern Greek. "Such sounds may be subdivided into vowel, semi-vowel, and mute. A vowel is that which without any addition has an audible sound; a semivowel needs the addition of another letter to give it audible sound, for instance S and R; a mute is that which with addition has no sound of its own but becomes audible when combined with some of the letters which have a sound. Examples of mutes are G and D." There is at least one other vote, the Oxford English Dictionary. It gives two entries for modern English "lake". One, which they list in its earliest form as lac, has the sense "A large body of water entirely surrounded by land", attested c1275 (▸?a1200) in Laȝamon Brut (Calig.) (1963) l. 642 "Ouer þen lac [c1300 Otho lake] of Siluius & ouer þen lac [c1300 Otho lake] of Philisteus", and a1225 St. Marher. 14 "Ich leade ham..iþe ladliche lake of the suti sunne". This is the ordinary use of "lake". They say of the contemporary word If you want 4 languages with lots of similarity, you could pick e.g. Slavic. Or you could pick Romance. Or Germanic. This is because each of these groups of languages derives from a more recent common language (in the case of Romance, somewhere in the past 1500 years). However, if you want your languages to come from distinct branches of Indo-European, then the task is vastly harder, unless you rely on ancient languages. English is not very similar at all to Hindi in terms of grammar, but Old English is more similar to Sanskrit – structural differences have accumulated over the millenia. If you discard outsider names and stick with self-names like Suomi (Finnish), Deutsch (German), ελληνικά (Greek), or Italian(o), then there might be a legitimate question of cultural identity. Perhaps we could say that "English" first existed when those Germanic tribes called themselves "English" rather than "Saxon" or "Jute" (or historical equivalents -- "English" is a modern word). Note that Irish (Gaeilge) and Scots Gaelic (Gàidhlig) are different languages, but the names of the languages reflect a continuous use of the indigenous name for the language. A historical change in the name of a language probably reflects a major cultural change more than anything else, although actual change in language can be a part of cultural change.