You know how you can tell Chinese from Spanish, even if you speak neither? Children up to at least 7 years of age are incredibly good at telling languages apart - even languages they don't speak. Children can learn a lot just by listening. Each language has a different melody, different intonations, different sounds. 

I had much the same problem growing up; I would lie for literally hours and stare at the wall, or the ceiling, waiting for sleep to come. Most of the time I wasn't very much aware that I had my eyes open but often enough I realized that they were. I got myself one of those black cloth eye-masks you get from the airlines, and that helped. I believe it was because the mask made me actually close my eyes which was the subconscious factor keeping me from sleeping. 

We don't have a "naughty step", "naughty corner" or whatever location is often mentioned in such time-out methods. He wouldn't stay there anyway, but staying in his room works fine. 

If that's not enough, put the child in time-out for a while: One minute per year of age is a basic rule of thumb; adjust as needed. 

Do you have experience with similar situations? What can be the cause? What helped? 

Update 2: Another 6 months have passed, and he's still not enjoying the experience. He understands that it has to be done, and he sees us do it too. Sometimes he'll happily let us brush his teeth, other times it's a struggle. 

(Edited to emphasize my context relative to other answers.) 

As others are saying as well, this will most often not lead to perfect obedience (which would be scary!). My toddler is no angel either and we often repeat ourselves, but we do try to use the above technique as often as we can, and we try to praise him when he does things right away. 

Update/clarification: My son is still too young to brush his own teeth -- he just chews on the toothbrush. So we do it for him, and I'd like to know if there's any argument against going electrical there. I'm not disputing that an electric toothbrush probably makes things more fun for kids when they brush their own teeth, but we're not that far yet. 

Remember to praise the child when things go smoothly. Punishment may work, but praise works better if you are very specific about what you're praising. Emphasize the benefits of obeying, again strengthening the cause-effect understanding. 

Small update: "Scholar" is not my goal. "Cozy" and "reading" are my goals. 

Ideally, we would want no more fluid intake in the evening to prevent future bed-wetting, so replacing with water could at best be a temporary solution. I have a feeling that an evening drink increases the risk of bed-wetting, though it would probably be naive to expect it can be fully avoided. 

Update based on first answers: 

Mom is at her wits' end, and needs a workable solution. Help! 

We do allow normal healthy foods that taste sweet, like fruits and teas, but no fruit juices and no deliberately sweetened foods. 

I'm sorry but I don't think that just buying foreign books on Amazon is going to help a lot. It's just as difficult for a kid to simply pick up book in a foreign language and make sense of it as it is for an adult. As the parent, how are you going to support that learning when you yourself don't speak that language? 

"B" will soon outgrow his newborn crib in our bedroom, so we need to get a crib that has room to grow and has taller sides so he can't climb out (once he starts to move on his own). Such a new crib will have to be larger and therefore can't fit in our somewhat cramped bedroom. We need to move the crib out of our bedroom. 

Obviously we can't keep our son sugarless forever, and don't aim to anyway. So my question is this: Until what age does it make sense to avoid sugar? Why? 

My 2yo son slept in a sleeping bag (see image below) until around 1½ years old, then he didn't like that anymore so we switched to using a blanket. He moves around so much while sleeping that the blanket usually isn't covering him at all. This hasn't been a problem so far during summer, but now the cold season is coming and we think he'll get too cold at night. He's already rather cold in the mornings -- with cold hands and cold feet -- so the current mode of operation won't do. 

My toddler doesn't like to get his teeth brushed. How do I get him to be more cooperative? 

My experience tells me you should both speak your native tongue at home, and you can throw in some English along the way just for variety. 

The next step is actually executing that consequence. Don't go to the park. Explain or discuss what happened and why. This will help teach the connection between cause and effect (disobeying --> punishment). You can still spontaneously decide to go to the park an hour later, but make sure that the consequence is made clear before "giving in".