(ii) mathematics gives us knowledge, and this is the "essence" of science. like Model theory and Proof theory. Here we have defined the "second-order" concept (a predicate 0x(ξ) of a first-order predicate ϕ(x)). But we have not defined what is the number 0. Subtraction is used always this way: the greater "minus" the less. In this way, no negative quantities will be produced. We have definitions regarding numbers in Book VII [see Euclid's Elements] : Numbers (arithmós) are used for counting some number of things taken as uniform when counted; they are counted as “objects.” That word which is pronounced last in counting off or numbering, gives the “counting-number”, the arithmos [see Plato, Theaetetus, 198c ]. the position of intuitionism has recovered by abandoning Kant's apriority of space but adhering the more resolutely to the apriority of time. This neo-intuitionism considers the falling apart of moments of life into qualitatively dierent parts, to be reunited only while remaining separated by time as the fundamental phenomenon of the human intellect, passing by abstracting from its emotional content into the fundamental phenomenon of mathematical thinking, the intuition of the bare twooneness. There is no "deep" reason : mainly tradition, and a "reasonable" trade-off between savings (minimality) and readibility (to express p ∧ q as ¬(p ⇒ ¬q) is not so "natural". For a detailed discussion, see: You are right; the limited expressive capabilities of first-order alnguage impose the use of axiom schema, like Separation and Replacement in ZF (Zermelo-Fraenkel system) and Induction in (fist-order) Peano arithmetic. Thus, it seems that logic and arithmetic - contrary to the founding fathers of logicism: Frege and Russell - are distinct. I do not believe that we may have an "aristotelan" definition of science by its "essence" (like : human = rational animal) ; this simply does not work for complex human historical practices like science. an evolving tradition form Euclid until today The the set {¬,∨,∧,⇒,⇔} is usually used because it includes the "most natural" ones. Thus, the method of deduction is a method of mathematics par excellence. With that definition, how can we answer the question : Simply use SEP; see the entries on Intuitionism in the Philosophy of Mathematics and Constructive Mathematics. In phil of math we "usually" speak of platonism, while in phil of other branches of science we prefer the term realism, which seems more "palatable" and less "ontological committed". aiming at the application of mathematical tools and methods to the study of logic. In the seventeenth century, Blaise Pascal bemoaned human helplessness. Yet today a tremendously powerful weapon of our own creation — namely, mathematics — has given us knowledge and mastery of major areas of our physical world. In his address in 1900 at the International Congress of Mathematicians, David Hilbert, the foremost mathematician of our era, said: Wherever you need to quantify a predicate (an "attribute"), in first-order logic you must use a schema, with the limitation that while (with standard semantics) attributes in a countable domain are uncountable (i.e. if the domain of individuals has "aleph_0" elements, the possible attributes are as many as all the possible subsets, i.e. have the cardinality of the power-set of the domain), the possible "instantiations" of a schema are countable (we have only countable many formulas in the language). Definition 3 : A number is a part of a number, the less of the greater, when it measures the greater; Basically, what the "common sense" of the scientific community share is some sort of belief about the existence of an external reality which is the reference for scientific language and theories. Disclaim. First of all, I strongly agree with the OP that Gödel's Incompleteness Theorems apply to systems that (in addition to otehr conditions) have a set of axioms that is finite or at least decidable; Robinson arithmetic, for example, is finitely axiomatized and it is enough for G's Theorem. In ancient Greek mathematics there are two different types of "basic" entities: numbers and magnitudes; there are no negative or rational numbers, but only magnitudes measurable with multiples of a suitable unit one. In the "logically perfect" language considered by Frege, every singular term ("name") must have a denotation (Beduetung) and every function must be defined for every possible argument (every concept must be "sharply defined"). All Ch.2 is devoted to this topic; see page 58 : But there ara no Axioms; see Mueller, page 59 : "A language that I don't understand is no language." (Wittgenstein, MS 109) [...] Every proof that is written must be approved and accepted by other mathematicians, sometimes by several generations of mathematicians. In the meantime, both the result and the proof itself are liable to be refined and improved.