If the tradition of Greek philosophy starts from Thales, its ethics surely starts from Diogenes of Sinope, the Cynic. His primary ethical motivation, which came to him in a dream, was "Deface the currency." Even if we get this kind of information by reading others in some subtle way, they are unconsciously communicating it clearly enough that we can experience it as if we were living it out ourselves when we are suggestible enough. And even when we are fully aware, groups do easily manipulate us into acting on motivations that are not natively our own, without openly communicating them to us. There are too many answers here, ethics provides a wide range of potential motivations for appropriate action across time. But it really originates in a lot of places in the exact opposite of the trend you note. 

At the same time, humans share a lot of underlying experiences of which they are fully unaware. So, for instance, we often find mythological tropes in dreams or hallucinations. We may understand the imagery others experienced generations ago in pure distress, under some kind of drug, or vice versus. So it is never a waste of time to try. Although you cannot communicate your experience by the ordinary process of triangulation between impressions, you may evoke something adjacent to it in someone, in which case it still serves a purpose. Finally, this argument tends to exist to eliminate other arguments, and that, to me, is an indicator of its ultimately destructive nature. If you decide something is or is not physical, you seem to have answered a question about what it actually is, an how it works. But you have not actually begun to try to do so. Once it is physical or non-physical, depending upon who you are, you can relegate it to some science or to some religious position, and stop considering it philosophically until that science or that palliative framing gets to some unresolvable question. But that is just laziness. There is no reason only quantum mechanics seems philosophical to us, and not field theory, or thermodynamics. We just don't like the fact that those other sciences have huge historical weight, and a lot of facts in them. 

This got really long. The TL;DR summary is 'there is no such thing as a little bit of postmodernism'. If qualia are anything like values, then experience is as socially constructed like consequentialist ethics, and you go down that rabbit hole. 

I think you can universalize "Speak what truth most deeply respects your listener" as an ideal goal over "Speak the factual truth in all cases". 

In a sense, civilized people no longer know what they are. In the metaphor of 'defacing the currency', we should discover how to be authentic, by removing or ignoring the artificial value added to an act by social convention and public approval, or by out own habits and selfishness. 

You can relabel the sense of purpose one gets out of following one's will as just a deeper form of happiness. But it is an abstract one that most folks cannot identify with. Stretching the definition of the term that much makes the Platonic argument even less convincing. So joy generally accompanies the will to power, but that will would be there even without the accompanying joy. And if your true will stops leading toward joy, it can still drive you to great purpose. The joy is a clue, and a good guide in general, but it is not the real motivation. In the same sense, one's own mythology is not a set of stories, nor does it lie. It tells a truth via false statements. Our grasp on what can and cannot be compared, and why, is somewhat weak. We have a bias toward the idea that any partial order easily yields a total order. This makes us imagine the Prisoner's Dilemma should have the wrong answer, and to balk at the Game of Intransitive Dice and the related oddness in the way probabilities behave.