Excerpt taken from Social Ethics: Morality and Social Policy, 7th Edition, by Thomas A. Mappes and Jane S. Zembaty. As an addendum I want to add though that I've never heard of such a position before (that ancient philosophers generally did not practice what they preach). If it is true then I imagine some of the basic social psych reasons which I offered above could be in play. It would be hard to otherwise imagine some sort of positive cultural feature that could account for such a practice (i.e. "they preferred to live lives of irony"). That, or I missed a LOT when taking Ancient Philosophy... "Human existence is inherently good." Let's take the first one — good for whom? Good for other animals? I think not. Good for the planet? I think not. Good for humanity? Well that's just a circular argument ("human existence is inherently good for humans to exist"). As we well know, human existence is not inherently good for a lot of things and we do all sorts of harm to each other, to other species, and to this Earth. You might find it difficult to find evidence or convincing reasoning to support your assertion here. Regarding your proposed argument It is certainly not a common secular pro-life argument (it's almost identical to the most common non-secular pro-life argument), and the problem lies in that both your premises are not unequivocally true (most secularists would not immediately accept them). 1 Extra care was taken here not to say "human" social groups, as morality surely exists in non-human animal species to varying degrees (Brosnan, 2010; Haan, 1982), and it is conceivable that even an alien race would abide by a moral code. Further investigations into the moral constitution of the Bible show that the practice of slavery is supported in both the New (Matthew 10:24/24:45-46, Ephesians 6:5, 1 Timothy 6:1-4) and Old Testaments. The Bible even tells us we are free to sell our daughters into slavery, and the things we can’t do to our slaves is beat them so much that they go blind or lose their teeth (Exodus 21:26-27). I think you are mixing up the theoretical reasoning used to determine whether an action moral, and the outcomes should XYZ actions actually occur. In other words, Kant's principle determines moral correctness through theoretical situations; the resulting action taken is outside the scope of his principle. For example, the classic example Kant uses in Groundwork is of a person who seeks to borrow money without intending to pay it back, whereupon he contends that a maxim of this action could not possibly be held as a universal law of nature because then no one would ever lend money anymore. This scenario he raises and his reasoning behind it remains valid whether or not there are actually other people alive to borrow money from. You may be the last person alive in the world, or just currently hiking alone in the desert, or even just mowing the lawn by yourself with no one around to lend you money — but just because you cannot currently find a person to borrow money from or find a potato to eat doesn't mean Kant's principle is flawed. It asserts action only in situations where applicable; that is, if you are in a situation where you can borrow money, or if you are in a situation where you can eat a potato, then you ought (or ought not) to, etc. If the last potato is eaten, you will no longer be in the situation the maxim describes and thus the principle no longer applies to you.