Leaving it to just one man would be a King-making offense, not safe enough to leave to one man, or even just to the Senate would have left us open for tyranny: 

All of this only applies to new weapons Interestingly, the very link I used for stare decisis will point to Casey v. Planned Parenthood which is probably the closest the court will ever come to overturning Roe v. Wade 

In that election, Grant decisively beat Horace Greeley, editor of the NY Times. Unfortunately, Greeley went mad and died just a few days later. Greeley actually carried six states, but only received 3 electoral votes because - as stated - he was "sort of dead and crazy". His running mate, Benjamin Brown received 18 votes - even though he was the Vice Presidential nominee. (Note: Another 42 of Greeley's pledged electors ended up supporting Thomas Hendricks) Given these two points, is it fair to say that any proposal to eliminate the charitable contributions deduction would, by putting taxes on religious institutions, be considered unconstiutional? 

If a 5-4 decision were turned into a 4-4 one, the court can choose to hold it over and rehear the case when a successor is named. Roe v. Wade, for example, was originally heard in 1971, and then re-argued in 1972, at Blackmun's request. after two new justices were sworn in. As Wikipedia states: Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for disorderly Behaviour, and, with the Concurrence of two thirds, expel a Member. And what of the various members of Congress? The relevant pieces of the document are: [1] For those unaware, the Federalist Papers were a series of essays written by prominent "Founding Fathers" written to help secure passage of the Constitution. They were written within weeks of the first draft of the Constitution have been sent to the States, and before it was ratified. They were published with the explicit reason of securing passage and explaining this new "Constitution" to America. The Supreme Court of the United States often looks to these papers when an Article is in question. Because of their timeframe, however, nothing in the Bill of Rights or any of the other subsequent amendments is handled in them. 

Imagine, for example, that you are a low income worker with kids. You are eligible for the Earned Income Tax Credit - probably the most successful "welfare" program in the United States. 

Additionally, until William Jennings Bryan, who ran against William McKinley in 1896, most campaigns were "front porch campaigns", meaning they were rather low key affairs in which it was considered unseemly for the candidate to do anything other than give the occasional speech. Bryan, a young vibrant Populist at the time, rather shocked the establishment by delivering over 600 speeches and making in-person appearances. While he lost (and would go on to lose 4 more times), he nonetheless showed the power of personally crafting the messages which the new media that would soon follow (telegraph, radio, etc...) would exploit. 

William Henry Harrison, in 1840 is often considered to be the first President to campaign. His slogan "Tippecanoe and Tyler too" was considered widely successful. His "Log Cabin campaign" was a repudiation of the prior practice of steadily working one's way up within a faction. As such, technically the answer to your question then would be (and I'm doing this from memory!): Missing or bad data can lead to a false sense of security As a second example, Paul Ryan, in 2012, ran two campaigns. In the first, he ran for vice-president, in the second, as a Congressman from Wisconsin. He won the latter, but not the former. 

By mentioning the faithless elector issue, you've actually answered your own question. Electors are intentionally not required to vote for the candidate they were originally pledged to. (Ok, technically, there are laws against it in 29 states, but the fines are minimal). This allows electors to use their judgement if flipping the ticket is warranted. 

About the only time this was an issue was in 1996, when the Senate Majority Leader, Bob Dole, decided he needed to tell people that he really, really wanted to be President. So, he resigned his Senate seat early in order to campaign. In the end, he lost the vote for the Presidency, and because he had resigned his seat, just had to go home. tl;dr> First mover's advantage. Heavier-than-air flight was, inarguably, pioneered by the United States of America. While inventors from several nations tried, the truth is that the Wright Flyer was the first commercially successful entrant into the field, and the most major advances of the early industry were, indisputably, American. That coupled with the fact that the first international destinations were to countries still using the Imperial system (to wit much of Europe) meant that a custom of using customary units was strongly entrenched before the metric system came into major prominence. 

And this brings us to the crux of the matter. Simply put, the founders didn't trust the House as much as the Senate. 

The Senate actually conducts the trial, and must vote guilty by at least a two thirds margin. 

In McCulough v. Maryland, Chief Justice John Marshall promulgated the doctrine the power to tax is the power to destroy. Put simply, the Senate, being drawn from the legislatures of all the states, and not subject to something as vulgar (in the sense of common as opposed to profane) as the House, was better able to balance the sophistication of statecraft with the need for multiple voices. 

According to the rules of the House (Rule 4, Section 1), only the following people are actually allowed to enter the hall: