Article by Politico: http://www.politico.com/story/2016/09/evan-mcmullin-running-mate-227803 

It's worth noting, someone who is a US citizen at birth but was not born in the US is likely eligible to serve as President. Related question: How is it that Ted Cruz can run for the U.S. presidency seeing as he was born in Calgary? 

This answer is based on the assumption that the President can pardon himself. It's not exactly clear if the President can do so as the Constitution neither allows or disallows it explicitly. 

For the Obama administration, the status of 5 out of the 12 vetoes is disputed as Obama considered them to be pocket vetoes. However, as he returned the parchments to Congress, the Senate considers them as regular vetoes. 

I've explained above how the situation will take place. But, in reality, surprise attacks won't happen. There's intelligence and both the President and President-elect receives classified briefings. If this actually happens, it will trigger a constitutional crisis. This Slate article speculates that the only likely actions would be resignation or impeachment. 

No, they still have to win the primary and be nominated. The incumbent President still have to win the primary and be nominated, though they usually do not have any serious challengers. For example, Barack Obama was nominated unanimously by all 5,556 delegates at the 2012 Democratic National Convention. Should they be challenged, it is called a "primary challenge" and it is very rare as incumbent Presidents are usually seen as the leader of their party. 

So, though it's a custom, what defines "interfering" is quite broad and though most Presidents may not explicitly comment their successors' policies but they may indirectly mention them. It should also be noted that during Senate consideration of the 1976 measure, Senators Byrd and Hruska emphasized several times that “there is no limitation on the constitutional power of the President to remove the FBI Director from office within the 10-year term. The Director would be subject to dismissal by the President as are all purely executive officers.” 

However, Attorney General Jeff Sessions has previously recused himself from any involvement in the Russia investigation, so the Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein will be able to dismiss the special counsel. 

As this article by The Hill states: However, some have expressed doubt. The general powers of a special counsel are outlined under 28 CFR Part 600. 

Currently, he's using taxpayer's money. According to this article by CNN, he will use federal funds initially. 

The President can issue a presidential pardon for all offenses committed during a certain period. According to an article by the Politico, it quoted an official from Utah saying that changing it now isn't allowed: Basically, a 4 month transition period proved too lengthy and were harmful at times when the lame-duck period is too long. It's reported that The New York Times already had gotten the emails and Trump Jr. published the emails to preempt their publication. As the NYT mentions in an article: 

Democratic President Jimmy Carter, who served one term in office, has a history of biting criticism of those who followed him in the White House. In 2007, Carter delivered a blistering critique of the Bush administration, telling the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette "as far as the adverse impact on the nation around the world, this administration has been the worst in history." 

Yes, anyone pardoned for a specific crime can still be charged for other crimes that he was not pardoned for. However, if Congress adjourns and the President did not sign the bill, the bill will not become law, it is known as a "pocket veto". 

It makes sense. If it is up to the president to decide what can’t be disclosed, it should be up to him to decide what can be. 

The White House spokesperson also read a short statement from Trump that emphasised on Trump Jr.'s "transparency". 

And the Supreme Court decided in Nixon v. United States that the federal judiciary cannot review impeachment proceedings, and thereby cannot remove a President from office. 

Congress cannot stop the President from designating another country as a "Major Non-NATO Ally" since the President can designate it through a Presidential Determination. Congress has to be notified as it is mandated under the US Code. Since Congress cannot block the designation, it's likely meant to notify Congress officially. This was the case in 2012, when President Obama designated Afghanistan as a "Major Non-NATO Ally". 

This is stated under the Presentment Clause of the US Constitution. No, only the Attorney-General can fire the special counsel. 28 CFR Part 600 outlines the general powers of a special counsel. Section 600.7 mentions how can the special counsel be removed from office. 

This question came up when Ted Cruz ran for President in 2016 as he was born in Canada. The 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain is also born outside of the US, in Panama. An example is Gerald Ford pardoning Richard Nixon after Nixon resigned. The pardon absolved the former president of "all offenses against the United States which he … has committed or may have committed or taken part in" between the date of his inauguration in 1969 and his resignation in August 1974. 

Source: https://constitutioncenter.org/blog/how-independent-is-the-fbi-director-and-can-he-be-removed-from-office There have only been 5 incumbent Presidents who were denied the nomination by their own parties. They are Franklin Pierce, Millard Fillmore, John Tyler, Andrew Johnson and Chester A. Arthur who all did not run for reelection. It's worth noting that only Pierce was elected, the rest were ascended to the presidency after their predecessor either died in office or was assassinated. 

So, Mr Obama will give orders at 11:45am, if it requires him to do so. The orders don't just expire when Mr Trump becomes President; the orders will still be in force. Snowden can actually be pardoned, Obama may have meant that he "won't" pardon Snowden rather than "can't" pardon. So, the pardon means that he won't be charged for all offences he may have committed. 

The text of Ford’s Pardon Proclamation is as follows: