The reason why it tends to be so much worse in games like BF3 and MW3 comes down to the amount of time it takes to score a kill. In a "non-realistic" FPS such as TF2 or Halo, the amount of time it takes to kill another player can be generally measured in seconds. The heavy's minigun spins up, and fires on another heavy, and a couple of seconds later (assuming he has no medic) the enemy heavy will be dead. A difference of 50 milliseconds or so generally makes very little difference. In the meantime, try to reduce the amount of traffic on your network while you play. This can help smooth out latency variances that can cause issues. If you have the choice of servers, pick ones that are as low "ping" as possible, but remember that latency isn't everything. I never found the recommended exercises did much for the pain. These are the things I found worked best: If the difference between your latency and your enemy's latency is 100 milliseconds, this could cause serious differences in your experiences. Even if you were 80 milliseconds faster to start firing on him, it might not matter. The latency compensation measures might be working in your favor or against you. 80 milliseconds is an extraordinarily small amount of time in the scope of human reaction time. Some games have issues with AutoHotKey, so you might also need to do something more advanced, this is covered in their FAQ. With a dedicated server architecture (like many PC games have, but few console games have), it's generally possible for you to select a server and know ahead of time what your average ping/latency are before you start playing. This generally means that you and everyone else on the server are experiencing similar latency. When I have pain, I like to pick up a small weight (ie, 5 lbs) and lay on my back. I rotate my wrist in different ways, similar to the exercises that people have mentioned. I also find that using a 'stress ball' (like this one) can help to work the joint and get it moving properly. When you want your accent grave key back, just right click on the green H icon in your tray and choose Exit. According to sources I could find online, Crysis 2 uses SecuROM for disc checking, and uses TAGES Solidshield to enforce a 5 activation limit per serial number. It does not appear to use an always-on DRM scheme like Steam and Origin do. Which would change the accent grave key into the 1 key, thereby making it so that if you miss the 1, you still get the same effect. Install autohotkey, put that line in a blank notepad document, save it with the ".ahk" extension and double click. I've been in physical therapy before, and the therapist told me a few things that I find helpful to remember. One is that you should try to exercise every day. When you forget or get complacent, the pain will return. Even 2 weeks without a proper exercise regimen can cause issues to return. The second thing I learned was: if the exercises seem inconvenient or are a pain in the butt, remember that your choices are either pain on your schedule or pain on pain's schedule. The Steam edition removes the SecuRom, (as there is no disc) but keeps the TAGES DRM. However, in a "realistic" shooter, the time to score a kill can be measured in milliseconds. Take the G36C in BF3, for example. It can fire at 750 RPM, and does 25 damage per shot at short range. If your health is at 100, that means it kills in 4 shots. This takes a total of 320 milliseconds. In Modern Warfare 3, there are some guns that kill in less than 150 milliseconds. I can't find anyone else with this specific problem, but the general "modern warfare 3 black screen" issues people are encountering seem to be fixed by: Every multiplayer FPS game has lag compensation and client prediction, although whether you'd consider it to be "heavy" in Battlefield 3 is somewhat subjective. People complain about it, especially in the more "realistic" shooters, but we really generally have no idea how it was implemented or how good or bad it is in a given game. It seems like it's possible to "reclaim" some of the activations (ie, if you format and reinstall) if you're willing to get into contact with the publisher's customer support.