For you, It might be more like, (In Danish) "I Choose not to respond to German. Could you try again in Danish Please?" As you point out, this is different for different kids, but the fact that you are asking regularly improves the chances that the result you are wishing for will be sooner rather than later, because you are helping to set him up with the expectation that you will ask. Developmentally, most kids can do this by the time they are five and it happens sometime during the third or fourth year (usually about the same time when they develop theory of mind). I hope you'll find this helpful. What else would your child be doing if she did not start kindergarten? Would the child have easy and safe access to playmates and play spaces? Are there easily available (and affordable) good preschool programs for your child? Some schools are unable to continue preschool programs for children that are officially "school-aged". The two most important keys are the consistency part and not getting emotional over it. If she eats the offending food - that is her choice; if she wants to wait and eat it as a left-over for breakfast, that is also her choice - she is the one that suffers the consequence (not me by being upset and worried over it). Having said that, there are some preventative measure you can take so things start off well instead of with screaming. If you or your wife, aren't already, I suggest: For most things, natural consequences like this are much more likely to help better. You might have asked her to help set the table for dinner at some point. As an example of how this style might look if she were to refuse helping is to handle it as follows: If she isn't willing to help get dinner ready, start by asking her why? After you've shown her you are willing to listen, state your needs. Maybe she is saying no because she is going potty, or maybe she'd like a couple more minutes so she can finish the picture she is coloring - no big deal, but she needs to set the table before (set time limit). If she still isn't willing to help, then eventually, she shouldn't get any of the stuff you cooked. I might start with a response like reading "The Little Red Hen" first and escalate from there. No one wants to continue to serve someone that doesn't do her fair share too - including Moms and Dads. Eventually, after you are sure she understands this connection, you can give her a piece of bread and let her figure out how to make a sandwich or toast, but you've put effort into preparing a meal and she needs to share in the preparation some way, if she won't set the table, she doesn't get to participate in the eating. To begin, it may help to offer him choices when you can. I understand choices are not always possible (nor, really should they be) but the more of them you can offer, the better. These are not choices like wash your hands or you can't . . . because that isn't a real choice, it is a threat. You might choose two ways he can wash his hands that are both equally comfortable for you. "Would you like to wash your hands at the kitchen sink or in the bathroom?" by doing this, you are telling him what needs to be done, but also offering up a choice and allowing him some say in how he goes about doing the hand washing. This offers him a sense of control and/or dignity he may subconsciously need and is not getting. The more you can offer such choices in general, the more this need will be met and the less you will find yourself in a power struggle.