Suppose I define Qualia as that thing which will always be left out by any implementation/simulation of consciousness by a Turing machine. 1) First, lets assume you are not a brain in a jar, but part of life evolving on earth. Note that the particular algorithms to compute these functions are practically irrelevant. It seems to me that if nature is absurd, then using reductio ad absurdum in metaphysics or philosophy of mind may be wrong and misleading - but nevertheless, philosophers continue to use it - maybe as someone who is stumbling through the dark and refuses to throw away a flashlight that ran out of batteries. "A stupid question" deserves "a funny answer" - the physicist will argue that he knows more about the true nature of reality, and the philosopher will argue that your question is all wrong. EDIT - to clarify, I do not question whether philosophical zombies can reach conclusions in general. I do not mind granting that even AI can be said to reach conclusions. I am asking if it can reach this particular conclusion. Many people believe that computers today can be said to exhibit a form of intelligence. A subset of these people believe that computer intelligence will continue to develop to the point that we may one day conventionally speak of computers as thinking, and yet a subset of these people believe that nevertheless computers may never be conscious in the sense that people are, or as Dennett* put it "conscious in the fullest sense". In fact this idea is testable; if I am correct then there should be a detectable correlation between one's position on materialism and particular genes. 3) If it is indeed overlooked, then one possible explanation may be found in Peter Unger's recent bashing of philosophy: If I say: I read it off from an inner clock — that is a picture, and all that corresponds to it is that I estimated the time. And the purpose of the picture is to assimilate this case to the other one. I am reluctant to acknowledge two different cases here. Do you know of philosophers who address this problem? Or consider an example from philosophy of mind - Chalmers who is a property dualist employs a reductio ad absurdum in his famous fading and dancing qualia arguments to conclude that a robot may have conscious experience identical to his own (Wittgenstein would have rejected the whole thing on account of the absence of criteria of identity, but let us ignore that subtlety) - he admits that from his point of view as a steadfast dualist, his conclusion is highly counter intuitive - but robots with a dualist kind of qualia are not just counter intuitive - they seem to be absurd since their qualia are hopelessly epiphenomenal - their qualia can have no effect on the calculation mechanism, and they therefore have no way to "know" their qualia - that is, Chalmers arguably uses reductio ad absurdum to reject one absurdity for another. The way we use language may change, but not because of new strict definitions, rather because of new conventions. Philosophers often use reductio ad absurdum in metaphysics and philosophy of mind to make a point, to justify their position, or a thought experiment, or to reject a position or theory they do not like, but what is the point in all that if nature itself is absurd? The surprising thing to me is that most of my friends insist that no such Qualia exists, and they are all intelligent, and often software developers, who I expect, are supposed to know something about the nature of computation, even if only intuitively. One way to interpret this is that philosophers have some weird unresolvable argument going on between materialists and non-materialists, where each camp believes the other's position is plain silly, absurd, or even dishonest. My point above is that Dave's examples are not evidence that people are sometimes p-zombies, as I explain in the comments below.