This is a force from the axle in a different direction that resulted in a bend failure of the top tube. The top tube must be designed to take some very strong bending forces. I would not use the unit for compression. I suggest: 

You might look for all day, randonneuring, endurance, or even cyclocross bikes. 

Aluminum will oxidize but it forms a protective coating. An aluminum frame will not "oxidize out". Steel 1090 alloy is 80 times a strong as iron. 

Bicycles are made of hardened alloys: A common use of serial number is to prove ownership. If you don't have the serial number linked to your identity then that is your problem. My shop registers the serial number. If they don't put it on the receipt then force them to write it on the receipt. On a used bike write it down and take a picture with your residence in the background. My local police will let you register a bike and they will check serial number of any bikes recovered against that list. Stolen property reports are sent to pawn shops. 

Proof the property property was stolen. If the police raid a garage or warehouse because they suspect goods they have hard evidence that bike is stolen property. To me it is worth seeing how bad that frame is. At the crank it looks pretty good. Pull the rear wheel and check the dropout - if bad give up. Pull the seat and fork and see if it is rusted from the inside. If you have rust from the inside then give up. If inside looks OK then hit the worst rust with 600 sand paper. If you can sand to bare metal by hand in a few minutes then you only have surface rust. Yes you may have more than just surface rust here but it would only take an hour to find out. If you could restore THAT bike that would be cool. 

If the shop refused to work on the bike that is a pretty strong statement. Definitely agree with go for steel. If you are discounting steel because it will rust then you are not caring for the bike properly. A properly maintained and stored steel bike should not rust. And for sure it should not rust out in your life time. You stated bikes from you fathers era lasted 40-50 years - pretty sure they were steel bikes. 

I would not give up on that bike. As for racks once or twice a year is not the same as never. If it need to take a rack you need to look for a bike that does. You find your bike at a pawn shop. If you have proof of ownership of THAT bike they will return it to you. In my state they have to hold property for 2 weeks before selling. 

Some iron alloys such as stainless steel prevent rust. I don't know why you don't seem to see stainless in bicycles. 

Consider this below. Force 1 and 3 are the axles and they carry your weight. Bending the ends of the top tube mimic force 2. Is that force 2 equal to your weight - no. But it is a force the top tube is designed to handle. Based on a comment to your own answer you trying a restore. When (if) it comes paint time consider a car paint shop where they have a real paint booth and professional paint. They will tell you if you got all the rust. If you leave any rust it will eventually bubble through the paint. It is hard to paint like pro (with a booth). Be flexible on the color and live with a color that is going on a car. A custom color is expensive as they have to buy the paint and mix it.