† You can significantly reduce wind resistance by riding a bike with full fairings but, for your stated purposes, this would be a bit ridiculous. Considering that e.g. a Raleigh Super Course doesn't have eyelets for a rear rack, would it then be possible to install a rack via this latter "clamp" method? Would it be able to hold a proper amount of weight, e.g. 20kg? Likewise, how would one put fenders on such a bike (if this is indeed possible)? I've been toying with the idea of joining competitive amateur (road) cycling for a while, but am unsure as to if the sport is right for me: I'm in very good shape and enjoy "basic" road cycling as well as weekend trips, but I have not joined any sort of cycling clubs because I don't feel like a Cyclist™. In particular, I'm looking for all-weather road tires with serious puncture resistance, i.e. a more-or-less-direct competitor to Schwalbe's Marathon line. 

Pros Cons Roadie Rack from Topeak 

How easy are "brifters" (e.g. Shimano Total Integration or Campagnolo ErgoPower) to maintain and adjust as a hobby cyclist at home?-- Although quite a lot of road bikes have them (including even light touring-oriented/adventure bikes such as the Salsa Vaya or Genesis Croix de Fer 10), I have often heard even from competitive cyclists that they are extremely fussy and hard to keep working optimally. How true is this?-- I keep hearing that, for example, long-distance tourers and others focused on dependability avoid them due to their apparent fickleness and complexity. However, are brifters really that unreliable, or are these people just in the "tail" of the distribution of cyclists, those who cannot afford failure in even the rarest of cases? 

Edit: and if they aren't, what series are they? Deores? Altimas? OEMs? The brakes themselves don't seem to say Ultegra on them anywhere but I haven't seen a box for them. Anyone know why they are listed as Ultegra? 

You could keep the cranks you have. You'd need to have your local bike shop bore and tap them for helicoil as but then they'd be (almost) good as new - depending of course on how much the actual chain rings are worn. 

I'd expect this to be roughly a 40-75 eurodollar job, so it might be cheaper than a new set. 

There's a self-setting, moldable plastic called Sugru that many folks use to mold their own grips. It's very heat insulating and is good to very hot and cold temperatures. Since you can mold it your fingers before it sets, you can control the thickness and form. 

Note the weight savings are minimal. You'd save more weight by not having a cheeseburger for lunch. Life was easier with friction shifters. Considering that e.g. a Raleigh Super Course doesn't have eyelets for a rear rack, would it then be possible to install a rack via this latter "clamp" method? Would it be able to hold a proper amount of weight, e.g. 20kg? Likewise, how would one put fenders on such a bike (if this is indeed possible)? 

In my particular case, I live in a corner of the world where the type of bikes carried by almost all dealers (large and small) are in no way what I want: I want something akin to a classic "randonneuring" bike, but there is only one shop which "carries" anything close to that-- the shop has a single Kona Honky Tonk, and their solution would be to e.g. add fenders, racks, etc. Perhaps this is in fact a good solution, but I would like to have more than one available to me. 

Pros Cons Roadie Rack from Topeak 

Manufacturers/models Obviously, I can do research on the Internet to find appropriate manufacturers/models (e.g. Kona, Surly, Salsa), but I would need to actually get one of these bikes, and they don't always deliver (I am outside the US, and it's even harder to find local brands which make similar bikes because everyone wants a bike suitable either for Grandma or for Lance Armstrong despite still riding in their Lycra more slowly than I can walk in ski boots). 

Technological competitiveness As stated above, I have no intention of making a career of cycling, and I see little reason to spend e.g. $10,000 on a hobby. Some people enjoy spending that much on something they will ride at 10kph on Sundays, but I have neither the capacity nor the willingness to do so. However, at local (amateur) competitive rides, I have pretty much only seen ridiculously expensive carbon-fiber/aluminium bikes and lots of flashy Lycra. There is nothing stopping me from riding e.g. a 40-year-old bike at such a race, but it's also no fun to be struggling at the back of the pack when others are whisking along effortlessly. In the end, fitness trumps technology, but, basically, I'd have to be ridiculously fit to keep up in a pack of 5kg bikes with brifters on my 15kg down-tube 10-speed. How "good" should my setup be in order to enjoy such an event and easily stay with the pack? A note about reach (from the comments): With my 700c wheels, I'm near the limit of 73mm required reach in the front and 70mm at the rear. With 27" you should be in the middle as the 700c is 8mm smaller than 27". You can measure your current reach quite easily with a ruler. I tossed my mafacs so can't help sorry. Edit: and if they aren't, what series are they? Deores? Altimas? OEMs? 

furthest away from oncoming traffic so least liable to get mud and water thrown on it from oncoming traffic passing Fortunately, the Deore and Ultegra front shift points are largely compatible even though one is from the mountain bike line (your Deore shifter), and the other from the road bike line (Ultegra f. derailleur and crankset). Because you're using an indexed front derailleur with a different series shifter, you may need to tweak the indexing a bit but you should be able to get them to work. Many people use MTB triple cranks on their road bikes because of the wider range available, although you're doing the opposite here.