As others have mentioned, the blanket is probably of little concern in terms of suffocation at this stage in her development because she can move around freely (as opposed to an infant that cannot). Counter-intuitive, but. . . I gather from the statement: 

The Baby Book By Dr. Sears has an entire chapter addressing this very subject. He is pro-cosleeping and introduces a number of ways to "wean" from the process depending on your particular needs. His suggestion that he favors was way too old for my tastes, but since he offered mid-range suggestions as well, my husband and I found a comfortable middle ground and how to apply it pretty easily. 

Ideas for a "consequence" for waking the others if that aspect of it continues to be a problem even after all of the above steps: 

Two hours crying without giving up and going back to sleep - based on the reading I've done and little experience I've had with it myself - signifies something is going on beyond just wanting your attention. I'd say for the sake your sanity AND the health of all three of you, it might be worth a try to change her milk if you are using anything other than breast milk at this time. If it doesn't solve the problem or at least improve the problem after three days passing, you know it isn't a digestive problem with her milk and can go back to what you are already using having ruled this possibility out. Many sleep training books actually suggest using white noise for babies and toddlers (which I realize, your daughter is not, but I know of adults that also use such devices) that are learning to self-soothe to help prevent waking, but white noise is quite different from the talking, sound effects and musical combinations one might hear while the TV is on. Perhaps adding a fan for its noise, a musical device that can play recordings of waves, or rain or whatever into her room, or a white noise device could help a little as a way of transitioning from needing to hear the TV to just to needing a little background noise that is soothing to her. First of all, check if your baby still has a Moro reflex based on this test - the Moro disappears between 4 and 6 months, though for some babies it is never severe enough to interfere with sleep. Since your child does roll, swaddling is no longer safe, though. Stomach sleep, which he can do now that he can roll himself, also counteracts the Moro reflex. For a baby who could not yet roll I might try a harder to break swaddle product, such as the Swaddle Strap. Wake-To-Sleep Some parents have luck with another method from Secrets of the Baby Whisperer known as wake-to-sleep. You enter your child's room at 25 minutes, or 5 minutes before the usual wake-up time. You gently stroke your child's cheek or do the minimum to get your child to lightly stir. The book claims that this restarts your child's sleep cycle. Over time it may teach your child to make the sleep cycle transition on his or her own, especially if your child learns to fall asleep independently. Why Short Naps Happen Inability to Handle Partial Wakings Your child is waking up after reaching the light sleep portion of a sleep cycle. If your 4 month old learns to fall asleep independently through some form of sleep training - the level of crying sleep training needs to involve can be up to your family - then it may solve this problem. The drive to sleep is much less during the day so it is more difficult for infants who do not fall asleep on their own to make it through a sleep cycle transition. These infants have a partial waking and realize the conditions under which they fell asleep (nursing to sleep, bottle to sleep, pacifier, being held, whatever it is) are not present and then they fully wake up. Richard Ferber's Solve Your Child's Sleep Problems has an excellent description of this issue. So one thing that will help consistently fix a short nap without parental intervention is fostering independent sleep at the start of the nap. 

We did not use a bassinet, but a baby hammock (there are several brands out there, if you choose to go that way be sure to find one suitable for sleep and not just naps), and we also had the changing table in our room the first few months. Newborns usually eat every 3rd hour, so you don't want to run around the house that often, regardless of breast or bottle feeding. You need to get back to sleep easily. However, I see no reason why you cannot have any type of suitable bed for a baby in your room. A bassinet, co-sleeper, hammock or crib all would work. The baby will look tiny in the crib at first, but I don't think there is anything wrong with using it, and I don't think a bassinet will be 'cozier' for the baby (the way a hammock is). 

From my personal experience, you do not want to be far away from your baby at night. 

In the US, the American Academy of Pediatrics have a number of recommendations for reducing SIDS. For their site healtychildren.org, the page on newborn sleep and SIDS has number of recommendations, including: (Note that in other countries co-sleeping is practiced and not dis-recommended, as is the use of covers for your baby. In Denmark, where I lived before having a baby, it is common to sleep with the baby the first few months, and it is common to use baby comforters.) 

With my first baby, it was very hard for me to sleep, I had to listen to him breathing to feel calm.