When I replaced my rear tire this week, I expected an almost intangible improvement in weight, rolling resistance, and grip. However, I have noticed a significantly less "bouncy" ride. The new tire is different from the old tire in several ways, so I'm curious as to what about the tires is most responsible for the change in ride quality. 

Specifically, my old tire was a 28mm Specialized Armadillo, and the new tire is a 25mm Michelin Pro4 Endurance. For both tires, I pump to about 100 or 105 psi and refill when they drop to about 85 psi (I'm only 150 pounds). A few differences that might plausibly affect the ride quality are: 

Tire width (and tire pressure) are controversial because it is extremely difficult to find meaningful data and because there are so many variables involved. Variables include both rider preferences, such as speed, comfort, price, and durability, as well as physical factors, such as tire width, weight, types of rubber, casings, road surfaces, etc. 

Rolling resistance is a contentious issue. Lennard Zinn wrote two columns about rolling resistance: Seriously, wider tires have lower rolling resistance than their narrower brethren and Again, bigger tires roll faster, citing data and comments from Schwalbe, Wheel Energy, and Zipp. Critics such as Lloyd Chambers (in Are Wider Road Bike Tires Faster) have noted that such comparisons assume that tires assume equal tire pressure for tires of different widths, ignore aerodynamics and handling, and assume unrealistically low loads (50 kg). It seems that wider tires probably have lower rolling resistance, but this position does not seem to have been thoroughly proven yet. I still think it's better to ride than to wait for the perfect solution, but getting contacts and a decent pair of cycling glasses was surprisingly easy. I switched to contacts primarily because of cycling, and I'm glad I made the change. 

Cycling glasses would make the biggest difference when you are riding above 20 mph. If you normally ride slower than this, or if you don't have the budget, then you can wait until later to get cycling glasses or goggles.