The crime reported in the newspapers as "f. and a." was "Fornication and Adultery", as in this case from 1922: The situation was to change dramatically following the Homestead strike! Thus, for Andrew Carnegie's workers in this part of the steel industry, the working week seems to have been six eight-hour shifts, or 48 hours, working from Monday to Saturday from 1885 to 1892. In 1775, the Second Continental Congress issued the Olive Branch Petition as an attempt to reach a compromise. I think Jefferson's argument in this section of the Declaration of Independence is actually a reference to the king's rejection of that petition. It is unlikely to be possible to offer an "average" for the number of hours worked per week by Andrew Carnegie's steel workers (or anyone else's steel workers, for that matter). The primary difficulty here is the range of processes encompassed by the term "steel workers". 

For those who are interested, the two sections of the U.S. code mentioned above are: It is, perhaps, sometimes hard to remember just how progressive Baden-Powell was being when he made the decision to include girls in the Scout movement in 1910. For context, it is worth remembering that the girls' equivalent of the Boy's Brigade, the Girls’ Association, wasn't formed until 2008! 

The cigars in question were wrapped in Special Order 191 from Confederate Army General Robert E. Lee. The discovery of the order was a military intelligence coup for the Union army. It enabled General McClellan to deploy his forces to counter Lee's plans which, in turn, eventually led to the Battle of Antietam. 

On 23 September, he wrote to Thomas Ewing, Secretary to the Treasury, from Tremont Illinois to advise him that: 

It is not hard to see that many girls, having read Scouting for Boys, would prefer to follow their brothers into scouting, and this is exactly what happened at the first Scout Rally in 1909. 

The "Men of the Rolling Mills" For the men working in the production of sheet steel the situation was rather different, and establishing their working hours is more complex. As Fitch observes: 

Baden-Powell had been besieged in the town of Mafeking during the Second Boer War. He had formed the Mafeking Cadet Corps, which was a group of youths that supported the defending troops by carrying messages and similar tasks. This freed up men for military duties and kept the boys occupied during the prolonged siege. 

This would not have been entirely without precedent. The government had previously shown that it was willing to amend the Constitution to address unanticipated problems. For example, the Twelfth Amendment was passed in 1804 to address problems that had arisen with the original procedure contained in Article II, Section 1, Clause 3 of the Constitution during the Presidential elections of 1796 and 1800. 

The telegram, sent on 27 September, reads simply: EDIT: I've carried out some further searches today, and although I found found a number of other references to Robert Watson-Watt's report in secondary and tertiary sources, I wasn't able to find an online copy of the report itself. It is possible that it is still only available as hard-copy in official archives within the US. Initially, many groups made dual registrations with the Boy's Brigade and the Boy Scouts Association. This capitalised on the existing infrastructure and fuelled the rapid growth of the Scout movement. 

However, as far as I am aware, to date nothing in the declassified records casts any serious doubt on the official story that the attack was a mistake, resulting from poor communication between units of the IDF and the mis-identification of the vessel. and that planning at top levels was poor, declaring that: In 2001, former Navy Chief Petty Officer Marvin Nowicki, who was the chief Hebrew-language analyst aboard a U.S. Navy EC-121 spy plane that was intercepting Israeli aircraft communications during the attack on the USS Liberty, stated in a letter to the Wall Street Journal that though he heard and recorded Israeli pilots’ and captains’ references to the U.S. flag flying on the deck of the Liberty, these remarks were made only after the attack was underway, and not before.