So this characterization of an experiment is a bit off-center. As someone noted above, if it were this absolute, we would not have a science of meteorology, we would just have almanacs. 

At the same time religionists habitually do something important that cannot reasonably be judged by others. So religion often develops an undue arrogance about itself and readily encroaches on domains where it has no business. 

Everyone in all the sciences has always done so, assuming the issues of reducing idealist mathematics to something consistent and realistic will be resolved inside mathematics. Acting as though mathematics is an ideal domain does not mean you believe it is one, only that its issues are outside your purview. For instance using continuous space does not imply real acceptance of the actual infinity of points, only acceptance that it is a good model, not worthy of breaking down farther. 

He invests some time in addressing the notion that science is overly rationalistic, blaming the misinterpretation on the Romantic Movement.) 

I would suggest that our salvation from this dilemma may come from exactly the sciences it deprives of a decent footing. Classical psychology contains places where it is still possible to study humanities from a skeptical and systematizing perspective with testable implications. The leading light in this kind of endeavor was Jung, who clearly saw his work on such literary content as archetypes and alchemical history as science that would eventually reach a clarity where they could be tested medically on his patients. And there are still Jungians. 

Social and psychological experiments are sometimes just as hard to stage, but we can get data from enough people, with enough clarity, to statistically validate a hypothesis. Answering the question "Are men or women more likely to be criminals?" from historical incarceration data and self-report of crime victims, is still an experiment. 

We accepted that there is an absolute limitation on how well we can apply any physical law. And we declared that physics... Previous generations would have declare that mysticism (and quite a few since, have, actually, to the resounding dismissive moans of the literati.) 

People who were advocates for the paradigms that eventually failed to explain heat and other effects without atoms, did exactly what you indicate. They kept doing what they thought was justified, and the overall paradigm shift was not complete until they were hegemonized out, backed into irrelevance by the incoming data, and the way it affected opinion and understanding. 

I have asserted many times here that physicalism as degraded into an undecidable question, and I would like to see how strong my understanding is. 

It also makes the real nature of space its mathematics, which is an aspect of our psychology, something we can expect eventually to perfectly express, even if we will never run out of ways to be surprised by physics. 

I would suggest this is because the mathematics is dredged up out of human intuition through idealizations that are made about observations rather than observations themselves. The ideal forms simply are not true of the observations themselves. But they are the simplified forms that appeal to human psychology, which is "from before" the data. 

Kuhn's way of looking at those periods is to see that what is shaping development is more basic than simply being a single high-risk hypothesis. Darwinism is an entire way of shaping how one looks at biology. For those who found it compelling, Darwinism was not simply a theory, but a new paradigm. Finding data that fit into it, or that tested it became a focus that directed study. And they were not open to easily abandoning it. When it was mature, it displaced the preceding attempts at paradigms and simply took over the discipline as a whole. 

When that is criticised deeply enough they back off to claiming that science is not an attempt to explain, but only to predict, because then success would be all that matters. Yet we use it to explain. We do not simply amass data that we then draw correlations out of, we make models and presume that relatively few verifications of the model make it reliable, just because the model itself has an intrinsic mathematical structure. 

I think the same pattern applies to a great degree outside of science. Philosophy's great divisions, for instance tend to cohere largely around what you are willing to treat as emergent concepts, and what you are going to attend to at a level of greater detail. Ethics is not free of logic or epistemology, but it takes basic understanding and motivation as an emergent phenomenon that relies upon them. Politics depends upon feelings and intuitions that arise out of personal ethics as emergent phenomena. And a similar network of chosen levels of attention can map out the rest of the subdisciplines.