It's difficult to give a proper answer, because during any century of Middle Ages there could be many reasons for closing trading routes for European merchants as outsiders in various parts of Islamic world (which is huge). And it didn't need to have anything in common with religion - it could be the level of civilization (early medieval Europe), an economic matter in the particular case, or just a result of war. 

Unfortunately I have no idea where to get English translation of it, and translation software won't help you, as it's written as Old-Polish language poetry. 

After those words he speaks of how the Church takes more and more money from the poor, while the Priests don't teach them much about the God itself. But let's go further to his summary of the quarrel between a Lord and a Priest: 

I believe that a bit about the overall history of the trade between Christians and Muslims during Middle Ages could help you solve the problem. I'll quote Jihoon Ko and his article "Economic Impact the Islamic World Had on Christian Europe (11th ~14th century)". 

But there were some smart merchants who made a fine business by initiating contacts between both worlds. They were, of course, Jews. 

First of all, Islamic world, in fact, wasn't that closed to Europeans as we think. Jews and Christians could live at Muslim lands if they paid special tax. The same with merchants from Europe. What's more, some Christians could even serve to Muslim rulers at important positions, such as revenue collectors or administrators of various types. 

As it's been already stated, we lack good sources from medieval times that wouldn't come from people of the Church (who surely wouldn't write about such things) or traveling merchants (who didn't have enough local knowledge). 

Of course all of that leads to a very interesting "what would happen", it's a nice idea for a story. 

Just take it into account that the writer was not only a politician, but also Calvinist and his works reflect his understanding of the Catholic Church. 

This way first, European (Christian) international trade wasn't well developed until 11th century, mainly due to the fall of ancient culture. It took European civilization a lot of time to get up after that. 

Both girls were promised to marry princes of German origins (Luxembourgs and Habsburgs) and both of them were unacceptable for Poles. It was much easier to cancel those plans with Jadwiga, who wasn't as important for Hungarians. 

Somehow, in fact it helped to open both markets on each other. 

As it's described later, the main European ports that were trading with Islamic World were Genoa and Venice. And even if there were some difficulties, a business is still a business. 

The Muslim world indeed acted as an important trade partner of Europe in the Late Middle Age. They facilitated the European trade and thus strengthened its economy. Also, they provided the goods that were not available in Europe, and this fact made Europe a favorite place for European merchants. The religious principle could not separate the two. The trades between Europe and the Muslim World sometimes stopped because of political situations, and were greatly reduced when the Turkish soldiers occupied Constantinople and destroyed Byzantine Empire. However, it is evident that the two had long-time economic connections, and such connectivity helped the European economy a lot. 

Politic priorities of Poland and Hungary were different - the main problem of Poland those times were Teutonic Knights at the northern border. Hungarians had simply no interest in that matter. This way if Mary became Polish king, Hungarian nobility would never accept her marriage with Jogaila, prince of Lithuania, just in order to make Poland stronger. 

Also there's a good source for that in "Europe and the Islamic World: A History" by John Tolan, Henry Laurens and Gilles Veinstein, at pages 80-81. Unfortunately in both cases I'm not able to copy-paste it. 

A Priest blames a Lord and the Lord blames a Priest, While for us, simple people, the problems come from both of them. (context: so we really don't care about it) 

This way I'll go with the source from 1543, which is a book by Mikołaj Rej, called "A Brief Discussion among Three Persons: a Lord, a Commune Chief and a Priest". Maybe this will help you somehow. 

In this work, three representatives of different states speak about their rights and problems with other states. As it's really a long thing, I'll translate some parts that would be crucial for your topic - the beginning of Commune Chef speech, when he's asked by a Lord what he thinks of the Priest, who is accused by a Lord of being lazy and greedy: 

I'll quote only two paragraphs more and I'll leave the rest to you, if you're more interested in the trade with Islamic World in overall, not only from the point of it's connection to religious problematic. 

It's nicely described in the book "Daily Life In The Medieval Islamic World" by James E. Lindsay. You can find it's full text in the link, look for pages 120-121. 

History showed that it was a lucky choice - Sigismund of Luxembourg, husband of Mary, had much stronger character and ambitions than William the Courteous. He even planned to conquer Poland when he got more powerful with age, but resigned of those plans because of Teutonic Knights, who didn't want to take such risk and participate in a possible war.