I tried various ways of carrying the bike: 

I imagine the last idea, with resting the bike on the backpack, is the only usable one for long sections (say, 30-60 minutes walking). Am I right? 

Sometimes I want to ascend a steep (say, 50%) slope, where is impossible to ride and awkward to push/pull the bike. 

I have accidentally removed the suspension fork from my bicycle (Trek Remedy 8). I was trying to take off just the handlebar, but was distracted for a moment and unscrewed the wrong bolt. 

Update: I had a half-full 35-litre backpack at the day I had this problem. I am willing to fill my pack with light bulky stuff if needed, but I don't want a bigger pack: 35 L seems enough for maximal journeys I want to do; any bigger and it starts to be annoying. 

It doesn't seem that the fork has any ball bearings. 

Length : Although long Shrader valves are available, if you have deep rims you are more likely to find Presta in long valves. 

Edit: Play with shock set up and tire pressures and see if it helps. "Twitchy" could be too much rebound (not enough rebound dampening) - are you experienced enough to have a feel of how the shock/tire/track interactions are working? 

The industry has gone through axle as they do have advantages. The dispute I have with the marketing is how much difference that advantage is. Through axles have advantages only if every thing else is equal. Like most things bikes, quality of construction is more important than style of gadget, so a QR on a quality hub will outperform a Though axle on a lower quality hub. 

There are things you can do nothing about -geometry, wheel size, things that cost a fortune to change - fork rake, and low cost fixes. Low cost fixes I would look to first are stem length (Increase to reduce responsiveness) and wider handle bars. 

Edit: As for the why question: there are various reasons why people would want to do this - to protect the bike from railings being one, to make it less attractive to thieves is my concern, making it look 'individual' is another reason to do it. 

The bike is an aluminium framed MTB with suspension (rather than a roadie-courier bike that usually gets subjected to such treatment). 

North Shore!!! Yep, there is a name for it and in the UK (and presumably Canada) it is known as 'North Shore'. This is a shorthand for British Columbia riding style on trails exactly as you describe. Even the bike manufacturers have cottoned onto the trend, plus the editors of Wikipedia: 

Now you know the magic YouTube search term, find some good videos to post here for the enjoyment of the stackexchange masses. Good luck with the trail building and, at the risk of sounding like your mother, don't forget your helmet and body armour! 

Can you use puncture repair glue or does it have to be 'gaffer tape'?