All sounds nice, but you're still missing a point that I think should be addressed. Currently, when things get deleted, they just disappear from your history. That's not very helpful, especially concerning reputation. When my reputation randomly drops by 40, it would be nice to be able to see that in my history. Would it be possible to make this change show up in the history? 

Tired of seeing all the Stack Overflow swag everywhere? Want something different? Well, now's your chance! For a limited time only, you could have your very own shot at receiving one swag item - your choice - anything we currently have available! What do I have to do? Write us a story about why you need to have this particular item. How will it make your life better? What are you going to use it for? How jealous will it make all of your friends? Do your best to really convince that we cannot let the opportunity pass by to give you this thing. 

Are there any rules? Of course there are rules! What would life be without rules? Are you finally implementing the Hacker badge? Maybe. The idea of awarding badges for those who report vulnerabilities has come up, but we have not decided quite yet. We plan to start a separate meta post about potential badges later on. Please do not focus on the potential for badges in this discussion, as we would like to gather input on the program itself first. 

We at Stack Overflow are interested in setting up a security bug bounty program to begin rewarding users monetarily who report serious security vulnerabilities to us, and we want to know what the community thinks. This program will be run through HackerOne where we are currently testing features internally. 

I know we're kind of in the later stages of this, but can we update how tag wiki reputation is displayed in the reputation history? Currently, it looks like this: No, not really. The downvotes are justified. If the user feels offended by it and doesn't come back, there's nothing we can do about it. But you can't show up to a site, not read the rules, and not search for anything, and just expect us to welcome you with open arms. 

The high-rep users aren't "using the system to their own liking." Don't go into a site acting like you know everything. The Duke Nuke'm ego attitude doesn't go over well on this network. They're enforcing quality restrictions that have been in place a long time and help keep their site clean and up to standards. If you don't understand that, then you have two options: I think it should show as a negative amount applied with a simple 'deleted" message. It would be nice to list the title of the question, and those with 10k rep would still be able to view it. At least knowing the title, we know what post got deleted. Reputation lost for deleted posts should only affect the daily reputation cap if those posts were from the same day cycle (just a side note). I wouldn't consider it a "good practice." If the answer truly is wrong and shouldn't be listened to, it should be downvoted like any other incorrect answer. Your refraining from doing so just means one less downvote that it should have. I've downvoted competing answers before, and I usually tend to leave a comment as to why.