The Destroyer of Destiny requires that you destroy all 4 Activated Pillars in the Royal Crypt at once. This can obviously only be done when going to face the Skeleton King. General Concept The "trick" is not having them die and choosing to take more efficient paths to this end so as to also collect enough refugees and not run out of time. This involves protecting them from the constantly spawning enemies and the randomly placed meteors. Having sufficient crowd control through abilities and monions/followers is really the only way to keep the enemies at bay. Movement speed bonuses are useful if you need to run back and help out as well as get to the refugees faster, but the refugees don't go faster because of this. As far as the meteors are concerned, you just have to keep your eye out and back off if you don't think the refugees will make it past an oncoming meteor. As far as time, try to get reasonably-sized groups of refugees together in each trip in order to take fewer trips. Act I Origins of the Coven: Available from the time after you complete the quest Sword of the Stranger and before you accept the quest The Broken Blade. Leah and Cain's Travels: Sometime during the quest The Broken Blade. It might be related to Leah's conversation Leah's Childhood so I'll have to do some testing. The Worldstone: Sometime during the quest The Broken Blade I don't have the specific objective on this one. Parts 1-7 are found in the back room of the tavern in New Tristram in Act I: Act II Your Daughter: Available from the time after you complete the quest Betrayer of the Horadrim and before you accept the quest Blood and Sand until you begin Act III. Belial and the Soulstone: Available from the time after you complete the quest Betrayer of the Horadrim and before you accept the quest Blood and Sand until you complete the quest The Black Soulstone. Magic: Available from the time after you complete the quest The Black Soulstone and before you accept the quest The Scouring of Caldeum until you begin Act III. Adria's Quest: Available from the time after you complete the quest The Black Soulstone and before you accept the quest The Scouring of Caldeum until you begin Act III. Ensnaring Belial: Available from the time after you complete the quest The Black Soulstone and before you accept the quest The Scouring of Caldeum until you begin Act III. Act III Based on a rough timeline of the data I collected, there are 23 points during the game that have to be hit to complete all the conversation achievements and, because of dependencies, they need to be hit in order. When talking to someone, you are expected to complete all their available conversations before moving on to talk to someone else, but I only count the conversations that count towards achievements despite there being additional extra conversations available. I will try to group conversations to cut down travel time, making this pretty close to the fewest stops with the least travel, but there is probably some room for optimization once all dependencies are mapped out. Don't worry about avoiding people with asterisks because you will get those conversations later and this way involves less running around. I'll go through and confirm specifics and nuances later to determine if there are inconsistencies to timing and number of conversations based on current objective and dependencies. Act I Act II Act III Act IV Extras These don't count toward the achievement