This also has the benefit of showing to people who would appreciate seeing it. For instance, C, *nix, etc would be appropriate here. The false-positive rate remained the same, less than one percent - including a surprising amount of suggested edits that attempted to 'hijack' another user's question or answer with a completely different question. Yes, people are odd. 

The Objective Write a short, humorous and fictional story about using a Stack Exchange site that mentions: 

There's been talk in comments about hellbanning, or basically putting a user obliviously into their own little bubble. In this case, the user was making a different account with a different OpenID each time. For any kind of ban to work, it would need to be done at the IP level. I really feel restrictions based on IP alone are ugly. What say you, meta? I've released this previously - I'm wondering if it would be a useful regular thing. 

This came out of the cave of wonders (yes, that's an actual Trello board, full of one-winged, thirty-two-fingered faeries (seriously, it looks like Sid's room)) once I came up with some additional implementation criteria, however it's far from being fleshed out sufficiently to be formally proposed. It needs more thinking, badge ideas, caveats, gaming and abuse cases, etc. I like this idea, I don't have enough time to continue developing it, but I'm far enough along that maybe all of you can pick it up. 

... Does answer some questions. You could expand that to explain why something can't be done as explained, or perhaps suggest an alternative, but I tend to leave these answers as they are technically answering the question (correctly or otherwise). Votes can take care of the rest. The reverse of that, Mr. Sunshine that simply asserts something as possible - I just delete. 

Cat yodeling is the act of gently, but firmly cuddling a cat in a manner that makes the cat somewhat uncomfortable in an effort to solicit a desirable series of noises. Unicorn yodeling, also known as moderation, is quite similar to cat yodeling except that the yodeler is a large human community with a very sharp horn and blunt hooves; desirable unicorn yodels are referred to as signal. Note, moderators do not have the ability to ban an IP address, that is a dev only ability. Additionally, IP bans are ugly. My ISP (for instance) routes a huge internal range (/20, sometimes /16) through a single public IP. Hence, a single ban would cut off quite a few people. Almost every interaction I had with you left me wanting to destroy something, barring the semi-frequent "we have a serial spammer" e-mail. You didn't just make a web site that encourages critical thinking, you made the critical thinkers that help make it run more critical. 

Is anyone working on something to render individual questions, or SO as a whole with codeswarm? If so, can you post a link to your work that transforms SO questions into revisions that codeswarm can understand (i.e. svn?) People that were heavily involved in helping to earn the site badges could get individual badges for it, but that's not the main intent of the idea. 

Lets's make some free-hand thank-you cards for the folks that kept things going! Yeah, it's their job and all, but they went above and beyond today. Plus, who doesn't like some cool free hand cards chocked full 'o love to hang on their wall? And it's Friday, so it's not like you have anything better to do. Plus, it's been a while since we've done one of these. Do I want to help this person write better questions, and learn how to help themselves? The time we put in is broadly up to us. Being a moderator on SO means that you're expected to show up occasionally and handle some flags. On average about thirty minutes a day on at least a few days per week is the norm for an active moderator. Everyone basically gives what they can. The work itself isn't like 'work', but the environment is a very warm and supportive 'working' environment. We treat each other as colleagues. 

This was a good demonstration of just how effective the site's immune system is. We've got lots of healthy white blood cells and a dozen antibodies on hand just in case.