The sin of Pride fairly leaps off of the page. A civil marriage is not a sacramental marriage. (That is definitional). However... Put another way, if you don't have a relationship with Christ while living, there is no basis for a favorable judgment. (I suppose that hope is always an option, part of why the Catholics pray for the dead ... but that's getting off topic). In Matthew (7:21 – 23) Jesus teaches that some will come to judgment and be told "Depart from me, I never knew you." If we don't have a relationship with Him before death, this passage points to us being out of luck at judgment. The foundation of that relationship is the gateway sacrament: Baptism. The willful decision to ignore the message sent via doubting Thomas in Scripture -- Scripture is God's word to us -- via the Faith handed down to us from the Apostolic age to now = Pride and Arrogance. God can give his grace to whomever He so chooses. How someone responds to that gift of grace will inform their relationship with God. Significance (truth in advertising) The laws, rites, and processes that go into consecration1 of a place of divine worship ensure that when you arrive, for example, at a place called St Paul's Catholic Church, you are in a place that conforms to the standards for valid divine worship, to include the sacraments. The Church has a duty to get as many people as can be to receive Christ and take that general path toward God's grace. In current teaching the general case is that through Christ is the path to salvation. The Roman Catholic Church allows that there may be salvation subject to the Grace, Mercy (and discretion) of God for those in a relationship of friendship with God who through no fault of their own don't know Christ. But even then, it was Christ who opened the path back to Heaven, so salvation has been through him in the meta sense. 1 Code of Canon Law 1083 to 1094 lists impediments, (I only include some examples): Short answer: no, it's not a fair assessment, particularly in light of what the Church itself professes. Whether or not those in Heaven who leave their bodies behind eat and drink seems to be a different matter than what happens in our glorified bodies. If we are in our glorified bodies, then we can eat and drink. If we are purely in spirit in Heaven, before "the last day," we don't need to. Confession doesn't happen in a vacuum. What is the penitent's intention? If the person (or the couple) goes to confession, and resolves to no longer live in sin it doesn't end there. The couple, with some help from the pastor, can work on convalidating their marriage. During the process of convalidation (getting the marriage recognized as sacramental) the sacrament of penance and reconciliation is typically received as part of the process. From the above, it works out that heresy brings with it an excommunication that is self-inflicted. The usual path to God's grace is via Christ. (The general case for Christian denominations, not just the RCC as explained in CCC 1987-2029 cited abpve). Marriage is a sacrament that involves service to the communion as well as the joy of the married couple. It doesn't exist in a vacuum, it exists within the context of a community (and the divine order).