The New Atheism seems to be promoted by Scientists or Philosophers pursuing a Physicalist agenda. 

Of course, one can posit that there are epochs before the one we are now. For example in Indian Cosmology we are now in the Kala Yug. I suspect it will be (relatively) easy enough to modify the standard Big Bang Cosmology so that there previous epochs to the one we are now in - simply because we have no empirical access to that point in time. 

Again, I don't think this should be controversial. Currently we have GR & QFT. I take it as generally accepted that there is a further theory that will combine both. 

Cantors theories of the infinite may have appeared to encroach on that territory as Dain points out in his answer; and Kronecker with a new converts zeal, may have attacked him on this very point, hence the call of impiety, an attack on his faith and, since he didn't believe in infinities or the reductio, his charge of the socratic corruption of youth away from truth, was him being simply consistent with his position. 

It's worth now pointing out, that given other interpretations like MWI, or Bohmian Mechanics that try to do away with indeterminism in this fashion, are forced to admit it in through situations explored in the OPs question; there, all interpretations are forced to admit indeterminism 

For example: Nagel's Bat and Searle's Chinese room & Frank Jacksons's Knowledge argument are all thought experiments in the analytical tradition. 

entropy is traditionally calculated microscopically and probabilistically; however semi-classical calculations attach entropy to black holes through macroscopic datum, thus ST by providing a microscopic explanation is reattaching the thermodynamics of black holes to traditional notions of thermodynamics - this is progress in a way. Although mathematical systems are often described axiomatically, this is not how these systems are born. Its often their final form, or rather the form that they are expressed in to bring out their most important properties and to make it look as though they are almost inevitable. Though this is as much psychological for a certain kind of mind. 

In conventional physical discourse, typically, the notion of limit or convergence is used; and this just follows by simple reflection; Newtonian physics cannot be falsified in all its aspects, it retains a region of validity, and a newer theory must find that as a limit in that region of validity. Now Derrida says that this constant 'is not a constant and not a centre'. What can this mean? It is this Derridean statement that has caused something of a ripple in science quarters. 

Is there any evidence that any followers of Parmenides asserted this, that is Space is a something? Certainly it seems the obvious thing to assert if we take Parmenides seriously. Secondly, and putting it simply, one could say - at least intuitively - that the wave-function represents the possibilities which hold until a measurement occurs, and then the wave-function 'collapses'. One ought to note that the wave function evolution is deterministic until collapse, and this collapse is non-deterministic; and so a certain value is chosen at random for the measured property. (If one views Kronecker as the father of intuitionism arising in opposition to Cantors formalism; one can view todays multiverse of sets now only dimly seen, as through a mist, the synthesis of these two contradictory positions. A rather nice example of a Hegelian dialectical movement - if it works). 

Von Neumann in the early days of Quantum Theory came up with Quantum Logic. He noticed that that the mathematical apparatus describing a system can be seen as a generalisation of ordinary logic. This of course only a formal similarity but he believes in taking this as a serious hint about how to think about Quantum Theory. Kants copernican revolution placed the observer squarely back into universe. The universe wasn't just an objective reality out there, but also entangled up in our own ways of knowing and perceiving at a fundamental level, that is our understanding of what is space and what is time. And similar sentiments were expressed by Michael Holquist (professor of comparative literature, Yale) & Robert Shulman (professor of molecular biology, Yale) in correspondance with the New York times that was published: Does Husserls phenomenology offer further clues to this subtlety? 

Now if a physical system is modelled intuitionistically, and suppose every physical event is modelled intuitionistically; then dually it must be also modelled paraconsistently. These are substantial drawbacks despite the attractiveness of the idea. Its also been argued that pure states do not assign truth in the usual binary mode (true, false); so truth itself becomes obscure and has to be rethought. Recently there has been a couple of attempts to ground the theory in intuitionistic logic for which the law of the excluded middle and choice doesn't hold. Rovelli, a physicist, who unusually is known to be somewhat philosophical, calls it the String Hypothesis, in his book Quantum Gravity. He puts narrow limits on science because science is the domain of facts. Human beings do not live in the world of facts. Chairs, tables and atoms live in the world of facts. We live in a different world. resolving infinities in perturbative calculations. 

This is generally true, but isn't completely true - we've just been through a period of multiverse enthusiasm where it was believed/theorised by some top-flight physicists that the laws of physics could be very different in different universes; but there is a deeper sense where it still remains true in that some substrate of the theory must remain true across the whole of the multiverse.