It provides for a lot more freedoms than are available through the constitution in other countries. Let's have a look at the first 10 amendments, a.k.a. the Bill of Rights: 

If you don't have the will or the opportunity to start a revolution then the answer is you can't. Wherever you are in the world, you'll be at the whim of local authorities as governmental entities control more or less 100% of all habitable land. Even if you live out in the woods of Alaska as suggested in another answer you would still be under the jurisdiction of an organized militia that doesn't care in the slightest about your beliefs. 

Because the US constitution allows them to set their own rules for the allocation of delegates. Or to be precise, it doesn't explicitely forbid it and therefore the Tenth Amendment comes into play: 

I've recalculated the data for the Electoral College stats as of 2016, taken from Wikipedia. The result is 22%, full explanation below. 

Here, there is a phrase: "Secret service name". For Clinton it is "Evergreen" and for Trump it is "Mogul". 

US considers itself as pro-democracy, even intervene other countries internal affairs with excuse of democracy. On the other hand in middle east dictators are US allies. Maybe one can consider Saudi Arabia's government as The worst dictatorship in the world. Even the name of country is in the name of monarch. The name in Arabic is Al-Mamlakah al-Arabiyah as-Sa'ūdiyah, which means the Arabic country related to al-Sa'ūd ( the name of father of monarch is Abdulaziz Al-Sa'ūd). 

Are there limits (age, crime,...) for participation in US elections (Congress, president,...), for people who vote or for candidates? 

US President Barack Obama has acknowledged that civilians have been killed in drone attacks in Muslim nations. Questions. 

US dont have any of these problems with Saudi Arabia (King): 

The US senate has passed (99 to 0) an extension of the sanctions against Iran. President Obama could veto the bill before it becomes law. The veto can be overridden.