How to give to the reader every element they need to unravel a mystery, while keeping them from resolving it? 

Example (in a story with magic and stuff): 

I’d like to include in a story “mysteries” and deceptions that (ideally) should be obvious in hindsight (By obvious, I mean "elephant in the room" kind of obvious). 

What types of writing exercises are best suited for each environment (home, workplace, public transportation) and each part of the day ? 

While investigating the disappearance of one of her relatives, MC finds the months old corpse of a woman. At first she assumes that the deceased is the person she was looking for. She realises later that it’s the corpse of the real Auntie A, and that the man she met actually stole her indentity, used a spell to make himself look like her and lives in her home, wearing her clothes to increase the spell’s effectiveness. 

I also don’t know if it’s best to do 3 distinct extra-short exercises every day, or to choose one exercise per day, for example writing down whatever nonsense comes to my mind when waking up, then expand it and rewrite-it into something coherent during lunch and re-draft it again in the evening. 

I’d like to try a regimen of short writing exercises for a few weeks, ideally doing at least one every day. 

How to hide something in plain sight? I’m looking (preferably) for methods to keep the reader from seeing what is right in front of them. 

I’m afraid that since the readers will have every element they need to realise the deception, the reveal won’t have any impact. Moreover, my only readers for now are close friends and I already talked with them about this idea, so I won’t know if it works when I’ll show them the first complete draft. 

According to Chuck Palahniuk you should avoid "Thought" verbs as much as you can. These include: knew, thought, realized, believed, etc. 

For instance, If I write a novel which has the following: 

This is a sample of non-cliched sentimentalism: 

If you have a fetish, you shouldn't be ashamed of it. 

If you want to appeal to an universal audience, you should talk about universal problems. You can use footnotes and very detailed descriptions but if the readers don't relate to them (because they don't identify with your culture) then it's probable that they won't find any appeal in your story. 

Does this happen to a lot of beginners? How to overcome this problem? 

I used to suffer from the same disease. This is how I dealt with it: 

And be careful, many writers use this finding-my-voice thing to procrastinate, to have an excuse to not to write. 

(Note: this is the epiphany of the story) 

Icaro's eyes widened, as if he had just seen a ghost. "How did that happen? Did you lose it somewhere?"