Player B has a artificial cap on number of workers and/or food. Finally, note that if you watch a lot of vids and up your Brain score by 4 points to 9, you're a 9 times 5 or 45. If you instead watched some vids and practice some "Speed", you're now 7 times 7, or 49. In other words, try to balance out both strategy and execution. I think the best way to imagine it is to imagine your total effectiveness as combination of the two attributes - you call them Speed and Brain. I think your total effectiveness is best modeled as Speed times Brain. Increasing either one is useful, but increasing only one is not as helpful as increasing both. Player A gets a high yield base to start, Player B gets a base with only 1 gas. UPDATE: OP wants to keep the lower skill player's game experience "normal" so they get meaningful practice. with that in mind: If you're willing to put some time into developing a custom map, here are some ideas: Player A gets full vision of the map. Player A gets an easy to defend base to start, Player B's base is in a pit surrounded by high ground. Player A gets some wacky unit like the Laser Drill from the campaign, whose damage or recharge rate or something else can be adjusted to make the difficulty even out. Before we talk about "how to harass" you first need to know why... Source: Mix of common knowledge, comments out of your link and Liquipedia II. No expansion past natural, if he had one he would have more resources, units, ... Tanks, in an unsieged mode do nice DPS and can be turned into sieged mode against swarms. Don't forget to expand when you move out! So, if you don't want to be overwelmed, you will have to deny your opponent from spreading out. This is where a harass comes into play: You essentially prevent your opponent from performing a part of his plan. By placing your Bunker at the bottom of his ramp, you delay him from performing an Fast Expand and sending Zerglings towards your base / expansion / ... See the last part of Tzenes answer for a more in-depth explanation on them. In a 1:1:1 setting, I found a replay for you that has a mix of game-play summed up in this answer. I would rather spent energy on a scan to see my opponent planning to warp DTs than suddenly having them in my base right after I did a MULE because "I thought he would attack with Zealots and Stalkers". But instead he produced less of those, thrown down Cannons at his wall, warped them in... At the same time I also start more unit focus instead of economy focus, and depending on how early I find the proxy (is it still building or is it done and pumping out units) I'll either try to destroy it before units come out, or try to get a bigger army and then kill it. When proxying you are going to be about 15-30 seconds behind in production to get your probe up there, and if I see it early enough, or I was already doing an aggressive build I will have a slightly bigger army than you (assuming our macro abilities are on about the same level) The Raven more or less replaces the Science Vessel in SC2 as a flying detector + caster. It doesn't have Irradiate but has other useful abilities like Auto-Turret, Point Defense Drone, and Seeker Missle (requires research) I think that covers everything, but I might be missing a thing or two. I think you under estimate the amount of micro for Zerg though Also for SC2 if you set the graphics setting to "Windowed (Fullscreen)" it will let you instant-alt-tab. It says it may cause a drop in performance but I personally haven't noticed it and the ability to alt-tab instantly is worth any small performance drop unless you're on a really low end system. (I browse the web when searching for matches, and just have "Play in background" turned on for the sound so I can hear when one is found).