* It should be noted that the parties weren't always so concerned with ideological congruence between candidates. Every Whig to win an election died in office and was replaced with someone ideological dissimilar: William Henry Harrison and John Tyler; Zachary Taylor and Millard Fillmore. And if you count Lincoln (a former Whig), that's 3 for 3. It's an incredible streak of bad luck. Here's a map showing the state of claims in 1755, with VA in brown and PA in yellow: By contrast, the study finds that cities that experienced racial violence were neither more nor less likely to desegregate (all else equal). Still, this figure of "40%" is based on too small a sample to allow for extrapolation of Jewish slaveholding patterns to other states. It also may be high, because Stern's study shows that rates of Jewish slave ownership are correlated with base rates of slave ownership in their home state--South Carolina, of course, had a higher rate of slave ownership than most other Southern states. There is no good answer to this question as posed, because many Asian-American ethnicities are poorer than the U.S. general public. In fact, Asian Americans' high incomes are largely due to Indian Americans, which is not necessarily the group most Americans think of when they hear the term "Asian American." So multiplying the number of white soldiers by the percentage within the target age, we get 2,489,836*.678 = 1,688,108 white soldiers age 20-39. Due to a lack of data on religion, it's hard to make an exact estimate of the percentage of Southern Jews who owned slaves, but the best estimates show that Jewish Southerners were fairly similar to their Christian neighbors in this regard. Due to the small size of the Jewish population in the South, the best takeaway is still Korn's takeaway: PS: I left border states in the population calculation, but didn't add in West Virginia (because it obviously wasn't in the 1860 Census). Feel free to play with the denominator as you see appropriate, by using the Census data below: So "Cromwell" is a term of abuse equivalent to "Caesar" for both sides. The answer to your question may be different if you asked if early New England colonists saw Cromwell as a role model. But keep in mind that the southern gentry saw themselves as cavaliers--they would have detested Cromwell. And Americans in this period venerated Cincinnatus, who is effectively the anti-Cromwell. No, slavery was not on its way out. Historians like Dunning and Phillip are writing half a century before the cliometric revolution in economic history, which has completely changed how we view this question. Fogel and Engerman's 1974 "Time on the Cross" was quite influential in showing how profitable slavery was for those who practiced it. In particular, plantations were more efficient economic institutions than smaller farms. Goldstein suggests that flag desecration may have been relatively rare because veneration of the flag was much milder than it would be in the 20th century. For example, there's a photograph of Lincoln and McClellan using a flag as a tablecloth. Almost all flag-related laws were passed in the 20th century. The Star Spangled Banner was declared the national anthem by Congress in 1931; Stars and Stripes Forever was only declared the national march in 1987; Flag Day was established in 1949; Flag Week in 1966; and the government endorsed the Pledge of Allegiance and codified flag etiquette for the first time in 1942. Does James Parton have a reputation for embellishing facts in his other works? A good source generally on Puritan culture is David Hackett Fischer's Albion's Seed. Bernard Bailyn's Ideological Origins of the American Revolution has a brief but good discussion of the development of disestablishment sentiment in the years before the Revolution. The earliest I could find was by a John R. Norris in 1957 for a radio earpiece: Caution: I won't accept as evidence a historian casually referring to the founding of the Democratic Party by Martin Van Buren in 1828. Even good historians can be loose with party terminology in this period, and most just mean that in 1828 Van Buren created the national organization that would soon be known as the Democratic Party. The answer may very well be Van Buren, but I’d like to see that claim sourced. I would be thrilled if someone found an account of a convention or caucus where Jackson men debated the merits of possible names for their party.