That is a sound argument. But it was just as sound in 2013 [when Trump decried action in Syria]. Trump’s real motivation seems to be the fact that babies were “choked out” and that he saw it on TV. And it is this apparent fact that should give everyone — supporters and critics alike — the most cause for concern. 

The system essentially provided "free" healthcare to some, with insurance and those who could pay making up the difference. I once lost coverage right after a major, scheduled surgery. I received bills for over $10,000 in total. You know what was shocking? I called the hospital up and they told me they'd take 70% off if I paid one lump sum. Now, in other settings people would call that a fleecing or a scam (that's a steep interest rate for financing, if you consider that all finance charges), but the 70% was clearly for not only the finance charges, but people who didn't pay at all (Emergency rooms all have signs saying they will treat you regardless of your ability to pay). This problem has diminished some, due to the expansion of Medicaid, but it's still there. 

Selling weapons to an aggressive country you might be involved in an armed conflict with doesn't make sense. 

Medicaid — and Medicaid expansion — are specifically set up for the poor, and Nevada has about 600,000 people utilizing it. Of the state’s 2.9 million residents, about 11% remain without any healthcare coverage. So could he actually vote on Election Day? First time voters in New York are required to provide identification on Election Day. From the online registration form (emphasis was in the original): Be a United States citizen The application form simply asks you to check Yes or No and does not require any accompanying documentation. So since Peter Parker is a United States citizen, he can truthfully check this off on his Spider-Man voter registration. 

The Numbers (i.e. the population of the United States) has been calculated at different ways over time (e.g. slaves were counted as 3/5ths of a person until the Fourteenth Amendment). Currently the Constitution states that it is counted by all men and women aged 18 or older, aside from untaxed Native Americans (according to the Native American Rights Fund, all Native Americans today pay federal income taxes, thus they would be counted). In reality, would a costumed vigilante like Spider-Man be able to legally register to vote like he does in this video, without revealing his secret identity? Let's assume he is registering to vote in New York City, since that is where he does his crime fighting. Will he have to prove it's him on Election Day? One issue that Spider-Man might face is same one he faced when trying to cash a check in his first issue: how can he prove he's Spider-Man and not someone else dressed in the same outfit? Given the number of supervillains who have tried to impersonate him over the years, it's not an unrealistic concern. Probably he could get another superhero (Tony Stark?) to sign an affidavit saying that it is him. 

One argument that is frequently made is that the main problem is not revenue, it is the level of spending. More specifically, that no amount of tax revue from the wealthy is enough to cover the current spending levels. When compared to 2000 levels of spending, is this an increase/decrease in federal government spending (in real dollars) per citizen? (pre/post the government shutdown) 

Section 2718.: to include reporting to the Secretary of premiums to losses, and restrict that ratio to 80%-85% or more, as determined by the Secretary. 

So the government shutdown, at least as measured by money spent, is really a 17 percent government shutdown. 

Is that argument in favor of much bigger spending cut sound? Can it be proven with actual numbers? 

Section 2709.: to include them in Section 2715 [Uniform Definitions] & 2718 [Ratio & Refunds] Yes, Ronald Reagan, President at the time said 

Same Sex Marriage just isn't a key issue for most voters. Take California, which you would think would have a high level of support for SSM, but 75% of Californians didn't consider it a key issue and of the 20 percent who would only vote for a candidate that shared their view it was split 50:50 for/against SSM.