David Petraus: Two years probation and a $100,000 fine. 

So at 7 years, she already served far more time than any other whistleblower. It should also be noted that Sterling never pled guilty, or "took responsibility for his crime", yet his sentence was still a tenth of Manning's original sentence, and still half as long as her commuted sentence. 

Have any Congressional Republicans so far said they support impeachment, or said what it would take for them to support impeachment, or what they consider impeachable offenses for this president? Additionally, is there any significant support by Republican voters for impeachment, or is this a purely partisan issue by Democrats right now? 

He believed the sentence was excessive, and justice had already been served. Conveniently, Obama gave a press conference on the day this question was asked, and he answered this very question himself. 

That is not to mention other exclusionary tactics such as lengthy residency and party registration requirements, most infamously New York's onerous six month party registration requirement, which exclude even more people. 

He said that he believes Manning's sentence was excessive and she had already served enough time. 

Still others, such as John Brennan and Leon Panetta, leaked information to the media but were never even charged with a crime. 

However, Trump isn't playing to all Americans. 

As an aside, you may notice that none of the 2 major parties that actually get to win nationwide elections fit at all. 

“Iraq does pose a serious threat to the stability of the Persian Gulf and we should organize an international coalition to eliminate his access to weapons of mass destruction. Iraq’s search for weapons of mass destruction has proven impossible to completely deter and we should assume that it will continue for as long as Saddam is in power.” — Al Gore, 2002 

Mohammad Fazl served as Chief of Staff of the Taliban Army. He was associated with terrorist groups opposing US and Coalition forces. According to documents from the Joint Task Force Guantánamo, Fazl is "wanted by the UN for possible War crimes including the murder of thousands of Shiites" 

But administration is made up of individual people, sometimes with - surprise - different views and agendas. 

Remember that the country is split close to 50-50, and in a lot of close swing states, turnout is key to winning, and that's driven in large part by motivation. 

Dominica's Economic Citizenship Plan generally seemed to attract bad actors (big ones), with no attempts to filter them out. 

Between the two parties, the DNC is clearly 100% for increasing the power of central government - both as a goal and as means to achieving other goals. Whereas GOP is - while far from anarcho-capitalists - significantly less so (they still tend to grow government power, and wish to use it in politics for their ends - which is why they are Republicans and not libertarians - but their drive to do so is significantly less both in practice AND on ideological/philosophical level). 

If different Amish communities abide by different rules, I would prefer an answer that either (a) applies to a majority of communities/members or (b) if too much variation to have a majority, the variation that is most communal/least private but still has a meaningful amount of communities. 

More importantly, while virtually no libertarian I'm aware of supports prohibition of gay marriage (e.g., if they can't get their preferred outcome, they prefer DNC's approach over GOP's), many of them simply view it as an issue to small in importance compared to other ones when choosing between DNC or GOP. 

Thomas Drake: One year probation and community service. 

David Petraus: Two years probation and a $100,000 fine. 

And secondly, I've read the counter-argument that voters are free to register with a party in advance of a primary election (however, sometimes no less than six months in advance!), but doesn't this requirement violate the freedom of association, which should implicitly grant a freedom to not associate? 

That is not to mention other exclusionary tactics such as lengthy residency and party registration requirements, most infamously New York's onerous six month party registration requirement, which exclude even more people. 

To protect rebellious Republicans from their vengeful president Until Speaker Ryan chooses to answer this question himself, we cannot be certain why and we are left to speculate, but the New York Times suggests an answer in their coverage on the matter, 

Still others, such as John Brennan and Leon Panetta, leaked information to the media but were never even charged with a crime. 

In the United States, primary elections are publicly-funded (I had trouble finding a direct citation for this but top Google hits are in general agreement that taxpayers pay most if not all the costs). But not all states allow all registered voters to participate. Some states (Wikipedia counts twelve) hold closed primaries, where only party members may vote in a particular party's primary, thus disenfranchising independent voters, and even voters registered to parties that do not hold their own primary. This answer says it is even a crime for an independent voter to attempt to participate in a closed primary election!