Thus it appears that the doctors of the Church have commonly interpreted knowledge and deliberation as adding fault to the sin. 

As elsewhere noted, the Church considers sins mortal if: 

1374 The mode of Christ’s presence under the Eucharistic species is unique. It raises the Eucharist above all the sacraments as "the perfection of the spiritual life and the end to which all the sacraments tend." In the most blessed sacrament of the Eucharist "the body and blood, together with the soul and divinity, of our Lord Jesus Christ and, therefore, the whole Christ is truly, really, and substantially contained." "This presence is called 'real'—by which is not intended to exclude the other types of presence as if they could not be 'real' too, but because it is presence in the fullest sense: that is to say, it is a substantial presence by which Christ, God and man, makes himself wholly and entirely present." 

Eastern View The Eastern churches have occasionally used the term "transubstantiation"; sometimes (being Greek-speaking in origin) they would use the Greek-derived equivalent "metousiosis". They don't get very specific about how transubstantiation works technically. The Longer Orthodox Catechism (articles 339 - 340) states: 

What she is, automatically (at least, if and only if she's Catholic), is excommunicated. 

To this Cyril of Alexandria adds 

(Humanae Vitae, Encyclical letter of Blessed Pope Paul VI, July 25, 1968, section 14; emphasis added) 

Since the initiative belongs to God in the order of grace, no one can merit the initial grace of forgiveness and justification, at the beginning of conversion. Moved by the Holy Spirit and by charity, we can then merit for ourselves and for others the graces needed for our sanctification, for the increase of grace and charity, and for the attainment of eternal life. 

The first appearance of the number "fifty million" that I can find is in Charles Buck, A Theological Dictionary, Containing Definitions of All Religious Terms, 1836, in the article "Persecution": 

Jesus, furthermore, is the only one to whom humans need turn in order to approach God. This is pounded into the heads of Christians especially in the Letter to the Hebrews: 

Note: Traditionally, it appears, protocol for papal audiences—particularly for private audiences—has been quite strict and has required among other things that a woman wear a black mantilla; you can see this on Mrs. Obama's head in the picture you post. I cannot find an authoritative statement on whether this is still required as protocol; however, even if it is, it applies simply to visits to the Pope, not to Mass-going in general. 

(Familiaris Consortio, section 32) 

That is, because contraception involves one or the other of the couple changing the way the physiology of sex works, the Church sees it as the couple manipulating their sexuality and in a sense withholding something about themselves from the other. This is a fundamental dishonesty which has no place in the vocation of marriage; in addition, it is an act of pride, in that it represents the couple deciding that they, not God, will control whether life will come of their love. 

I can't find what I consider an authoritative description (clearly attributable to Church hierarchy or to official Church teaching) of why red is chosen for those days specifically, although (as you point out) red can indicate the presence of the Holy Spirit through fire (as on Pentecost), or can indicate blood (as in the celebration of Good Friday or of the feasts of martyrs). 

The Catechism specifically states that "the distinction between mortal and venial sin, already evident in Scripture, [citing the quote above] became part of the tradition of the Church." It goes no further in supplying any scriptural support. The Summa Theologica of Aquinas, however, has an extensive discussion of sin (First Part of the Second Part, Questions 73 and 74—titled "Of The Comparison Of One Sin With Another" and "Of The Subject Of Sin") in which Aquinas concludes (among other things) that there are reasons for believing that certain sins are judged less grievously than others, either because of the kind of sin or because of the circumstances. Among the quotations Aquinas gives are 1 Timothy 1:13: 

If this is not specific enough, canon 1324 goes further, specifying in section 1 note 9 and section 3 that 

Note: The preposition "de" is used in the Latin translations of the Apostle's and the Niceno-Constantinopolitan Creeds to describe the conception of Jesus; in both cases, the preposition is used to translate the Greek ἐκ. A standard Greek dictionary, Liddell-Scott-Jones, has a vast number of possible translations or usages for the word—the most relevant ones are probably those having to do with describing place or person of origin (III. (4) and (6) in the LSJ definition list). 

The charity of Christ is the source in us of all our merits before God.