He assumes that God would accept the sort of cold, calculating faith able to make such a wager seriously. Finally, there is this popular collection of essays on the film (including one by Zizek) which may be worth looking at if you haven't already. Occasionalism is the position that God is the true and "efficient" cause of all that occurs. Absolutely nothing happens, except through him, even when we appear to witnessing the demonstration of a law of nature, or indeed experience ourselves to be directly exercising agency over our activity. Just in passing and much too long for a comment: Deleuze's thoughts on this may be aggressive -- but keep in mind that (as he says) the question "what is the use of philosophy?" itself is intended to be caustic or at least ironic. In terms of philosophers to investigate, I might suggest a few potential jumping-off points. We'll go a little further in the reading than we did in the other answer just to underline this point: For background, here are the relevant remarks from Nietzsche and Philosophy (p. 106 of this edition): You may find in recent philosophical letters (e.g., Collapse, in particular vol. 4) a pronounced focus on horror, to the point sometimes where it is even presented as a kind of ontological principle. Many of the works which I might identify as participating in this turn will offer readings of "Weird" literature, like Lovecraft or Mieville. For the perhaps more general problem of demons from a philosophical or psychoanalytic perspective, I might suggest looking at Reza Negarestani's Cyclonopedia for serious discussions of demons and demonology. Nick Land's work may also offer some insight into the problem; I might suggest Fanged Noumena, a collection of his essays. Reza Negarestani may merit some attention with respect to this problem. The work I would point you to would be Cyclonopedia. To my mind he most directly answers to the terms of your question. I'd go with Simon Blackburn's Think: A Compelling Introduction to Philosophy (Cambridge University Press 1999). Nonetheless, we can certainly trace back some distinctive features among different philosophical traditions and schools. I can warmly recommend a wonderful book by Michael Friedman: A Parting of Ways: Carnap, Cassirer, and Heidegger (Open Court Publishing, 2000). Since the dual component view of belief is said to be the standard account of belief and it includes the view that Divided into parts, the first half characterizes metaontology: the discourse on the methodology of ontological inquiry, covering the main concepts, tools, and methods of the discipline, exploring the notions of being and existence, ontological commitment, paraphrase strategies, fictionalist strategies, and other metaontological questions. The second half considers a series of case studies, introducing and familiarizing the reader with concrete examples of the latest research in the field. The basic sub-fields of ontology are covered here via an accessible and captivating exposition: events, properties, universals, abstract objects, possible worlds, material beings, mereology, fictional objects. Full disclosure: I know the author well. Update: I enlarged my question to clarify it in response to the answers given so far. The blurb gives a sense of the content and the intended audience: Has anybody argued against this weaker position? Furthemore it becomes a pain (it seems even absurd) to distinguish between continental philosophy and analytic philosophy when studying a development which took place in continental Europe. You can find a review over at NDPR. Last, but not least: The book is enjoyable to read. It's not really an introduction to the history of philosophy; it uses a problem-oriented approach, yet it covers most historical classics. One thing that seems to be missing from the discourse, or at least the discourse of the Taylor Swifts and Metallica's of the world, is that the royalties model of compensation for musicians is the exception not the norm. The idea of musicians getting filthy rich off of royalties from record sales will likely go down in history as an odd fluke of the 2nd half of the 20th century more, not a paradigm shift in the way musicians should be compensated. One might argue that those are receiving payment for the act of performing itself, not for the artistic content of the performance (i.e. the act of creating the music, which is supposedly more valuable and does warrant recurring payments as opposed to one time payments). The identity argument: If mind and matter were the same, then anything that is true about one is true of the other. Since there are things which are true about the mind, but not true about matter, then they cannot be identical. Given that science has taken away mythology, and yet doesn't provide the answers and roles that mythology did, modern society is left with a psychological void, easily filled with various forms of religious or political extremism. And it isn't possible to return to the earlier mythologies, since they have lost their epistemic value, and there are so many that are in conflict with each other. Based on the horse whip analogy you mentioned, one would think that the musicians were loosing a source of income that they've depended on forever, but that is not the case. The royalties model is a fluke that a select few who were born in the right time and right place took advantage of, and now, because of streaming, things are going to go back to the way they always have been.