If no Javascript is running at the time, the event will be immediately triggered which will run the ajax response handler. If something is running at the time, then the event will get processed when the current javascript thread of execution finishes. There doesn't need to be any polling by the javascript engine. When a piece of Javascript finishes executing, the JS engine just checks the event queue to see if there is anything else that needs to run. If so, it pops the next event off the queue and executes it (calling one or more callback functions that are registered for that event). If nothing is in the event queue, then the JS interpreter has free time (garbage collection or idle) until some external agent puts something else in the event queue and wakes it up again. Remove the first element from this list of scripts that will execute in order as soon as possible. First off, event delegation does not always make your code faster. In some cases, it's is advantageous and in some cases not. You should use event delegation when you actually need event delegation and when you benefit from it. Otherwise, you should bind event handlers directly to the objects where the event happens as this will generally be more efficient. There is no predictable order among multiple async things. If one needed a predictable order, then it would have to be coded in by registering for load notifications from the async scripts and manually sequencing javascript calls when the appropriate things are loaded. Working example: http://jsfiddle.net/jfriend00/4cAz5/ When all that is done, you examine how long one of the images has been displayed and if enough time has passed, display the next image. If not, wait some more time before displaying the next image. Will all browsers (IE6+, FF3+, Safari 3+, Chrome) execute a javascript regex search across line boundaries in the searched string? Example: For example, if you have a function that takes three string arguments: Usually, you can afford to process more than one on each timer which is both more efficient and faster than only doing one per timer. This code gives the UI thread a chance to process any pending UI events between each chunk which will keep the UI active. How do you test for it in ES6 Javascript? In JavaScript (ES5+), I'm trying to achieve the following scenario: FYI, here's an interesting overview article on V8 garbage collection (it does not address this specific question). If the element has a src attribute, and the element has a defer attribute, and the element has been flagged as "parser-inserted", and the element does not have an async attribute The element must be added to the end of the list of scripts that will execute when the document has finished parsing associated with the Document of the parser that created the element. For example, here's the jQuery event handling callback code: I've found phrases like this in the ES6 specification: And, because of the async nature of the disk IO, it occurs to me that the very data structure I'm trying to write to disk may get modified right in the middle of me writing it out to disk. That would potentially be a bad thing. If data is only appended to the data structure while writing out to disk, that won't actually cause a problem with the way I'm writing the data, but there are some circumstances where earlier data can be modified as new data is being recorded and that would really mess with the integrity of what I'm in the middle of writing to disk. I'm looking for a good design pattern for keeping track of a bunch of different asynchronous JavaScript activities (images loading, multiple AJAX calls, sequenced AJAX calls, etc…) that's better than just a lot of custom callbacks and custom state variables. What would you suggest I use? Is there any type of queue system with the ability to have logic beyond just sequencing? Only use delegated event handling when it actually provides a feature you need or increases performance. Don't just always use it because it's easy because when you don't actually need it. It actually performs worse at event dispatch time than direct event binding. Attach delegated event handlers to the nearest parent to the source of the event as possible. If you are using delegated event handling because you have dynamic elements that you want to capture events for, then select the closest parent that is not itself dynamic. Use easy-to-evaluate selectors for delegated event handlers. If you followed how delegated event handling works, you will understand that a delegated event handler has to be compared to lots of objects lots of times so picking as efficient a selector as possible or adding simple classes to your objects so simpler selectors can be used will increase the performance of delegated event handling. Example Problem I have a startup sequence that involves a number of asynchronous processes (loading images, waiting for timers, making some ajax calls, doing some initialization). Some of the asynch processes can be launched to run at the same time (loading of images, AJAX calls) and some have to be sequenced (run AJAX call #1, then AJAX call #2). Right now, I've got everything running off callback functions and a bunch of global state that keeps track of what has or hasn't completed. It works, but it's quite messy and I've had a few bugs because of the complication of making sure you handle all the sequencing possibilities right and error conditions.