The FCC also put out a fact sheet which repeats these points. CNN connects this aid to the North Korea nuclear program: It’s the fear that’s most striking. Wilson was trained, armed, and empowered with the force of law. At almost any point in his confrontation with Brown, he could have called for backup and won control of the situation. But, he says, he was too gripped with terror to do anything but shoot. [...] Who organized the rally? tl;dr: The rally was organized and promoted by Nazis and white supremacists. Some less extreme elements of the far right did not attend because of the negative imagery. An example of this line of thinking is this Slate article by Jamelle Bouie: Such a pardon would reflect outright contempt for the judiciary, which convicted Arpaio for his resistance to its authority. Trump has questioned judges’ motives and decisions, but this would be a further, more radical step in his attack on the independent constitutional authority of Article III judges. Apart from that, you already mentioned the important points: These protections apply to anyone subject to American law. This includes citizens, non-citizen residents, legal and illegal aliens, people living on military basis (whether U.S. citizens or not), and a host of other edge cases (such as foreign contractors who are subject to U.S. commercial law). However, it does not include people in other countries or who are otherwise not subject to U.S. law. State Level Each state may also have their own definition. For example, the state of Kansas has this definition in law (formatting slightly altered from original): Bill Introduction & Committee Process The first step of the process is to have the bill introduced. In my state, it's considered poor taste to deny a bill introduction (although I can't say for sure that norm extends to other states). Department of State However, federal law is inconsistent. For example, when describing the annual reporting requirements of the Department of State the law uses this definition of terrorism: The occidental dissident stated beforehand that the "alt-lite" will not attend because of the level of extremism: In an interview with CNN he said this: Those are all Nazi or white supremacist groups. Many legal scholars argue that the only possible redress is impeachment — itself a politicized, drawn-out process. But there may be another route. If the pardon is challenged in court, we may discover that there are, in fact, limits to the president’s pardon power after all. [...] I'm not sure that it is being brought up that often. The FCC also put out a fact sheet which repeats these points. Rule of law specifically means: It’s the fear that’s most striking. Wilson was trained, armed, and empowered with the force of law. At almost any point in his confrontation with Brown, he could have called for backup and won control of the situation. But, he says, he was too gripped with terror to do anything but shoot. [...] Who Don't These Apply To? These protections don't apply to everyone. For example, it would (obviously) be a mistake to think that the U.S. constitution protects Turkmeni protestors in Turkmenistan from action by their own government. Other cases may not be so clear. So where is the line drawn? The resolution has 61 sponsors (of the 141 members of the House). However, only 7 of those sponsors are on the House Rules committee (it has 24 members total). Citizen-Specific First, it is true that some Constitutional provisions only apply to U.S. citizens. This includes the right to run for office, as well as protection from discrimination in the voting process. Why would they? Accusation of having committed a crime does not prevent someone from running for the presidency or being elected. Nothing in someone's criminal history prevents them from being president. There would be no (legal) reason to change the election date. State Level Each state may also have their own definition. For example, the state of Kansas has this definition in law (formatting slightly altered from original):