Finally, this lack of balance between your charge and your evidence reminds me of a conversation between Alik Volpin and Vladimir Bukovsky, two great Soviet dissidents, back in the USSR. Alik was talking about the the importance of obeying the laws, to which Bukovsky replied, "But doesn't the KGB always say, give us the man and we will find the charge?" As an interpretation it is intriguing but esoteric, and at least physically one requires something more; does this picture of reality provide us e*explanatory power* - Everett attempted to provide one by deriving the basic Borns Rule from it. There is no consensus as to whether this has been done. but the other, that is not and that must not be, Metaphysically the world must act in accordance to some law - it may not be easy to discern fully - and historically it hasn't been; its been a long haul over two and a half millenia to get as far as we have now. Its Kant, who remarked of the 'proofs' of God, the one from Design is the one that most deserves respect. I placed the word proof in quotes as they proofs in the sense of mathematics, but as in 'argument for'. Certainly in contemporary physics there is no void. Space itself is something. Similarly in contemporary mathematics, for example: zero or nothing was first understood prosaically and negatively as the lack of something, and is now understood positively as a process (that is functionally), as the identity of the system within which these numbers inhabit. Another example: a manifold was first thought of inside euclidean space, this is the extrinsic view; now via a cut by Occams Razor a more parsimonius view, the more elegant view, is to remove the extrinsic euclidean space, this stage within which the manifold is placed and enacted and view it intrinsically, that is solely for-itself and in-itself. Von Neumann & Birkhoff pointed out that propositions about a classical physical system was encoded in its phase space. Each proposition determined a subset of this space. And the entire family of propositions describes a boolean algebra. That is we have classical propositional logic. Yet it seems to me that it's an assumption that is smuggled in with the very notion of what Physicalism means. To then go on to say that it proves such a thing is to mistake consequences for assumptions. Now, I've only recently understood that the dual of intuitionistic logic is paraconsistent. It doesn't seem a priori plausible to me that we must interpret the logic of these new constructions intuitionistically, why not paraconsistently? So, at bottom; and when considered rightly, they are at the same level; in that they treat fundamental questions in fundamentally incompatible ways; however in the history of ideas, they are intricately interwoven (as pointed out by Hegel in his History) - and thus a dialectic; compare with Hegels notion of the dialectic of Being (theism) & Non-Being (atheism) being sublated into the Becoming of Science & Theology. Indeed, its because of the formalisation of paraconsistent logics that a physicist like Doering can say he's lost his fear of inconsistency. The SEP has an entry on modal interpretations of QM. But a quick scan through doesn't show any immediate work with modal logic. Mathematics is generally & popularly judged a science in the basic duality: science - humanities. As enemies and collaborationists. The border heavily & fiercely policed. These are actually very old arguments. For example in Christian Theology God created time & space. That is the Sun to regulate time, the earth as the theatre of action. One should understand this symbolically and not literally. As was already understood by the early Christian Fathers. Atomism rose as early on as a philosophical position, and were investigated by the Ajivika, Carvaka, Nyaya & Vaisheskika schools within the context of Jain, Buddhist & Veda religious traditions. The trigonometric functions such as sine were taken from the 3BCE Surya-siddhanta a work of astronomy. The 14C Kerala school of mathematics investigated the notion of a power series well before the invention of calculus in Europe, but not before the 10C Iraqi mathematician al-Hazen. It looks like you're referring to the Everetts many worlds interpretation of Quantum Mechanics. This is a solution of the wavefunction collapse, where one can say a measurement has been made. This possibly requires a little elaboration. Although Quantum Mechanics differs dramatically from classical mechanics there are broad features that correspond from Classical to Quantum - as there should be - since Quantum Mechanics should converge towards Classical Mechanics as one takes plancks constant towards zero. This is the case for phase space - there is a quantum phase space. The first extension of sight is via a means that is natural, the second though relies on our knowledge of how we interpret the world of the small.