That does make two points to consider: First, we are speaking here of the opposite direction: It is not the moral act that is beautiful, it is the beauty that is a symbol of morality. Secondly, what does this actually mean (for Kant)? We can rather easily see how the maxim should look like: Being in financial distress [Situation], I shall to give a false promise [means] in order to get money [intention/end]. Kant himself gives the following formulation: In fact here he says that as soon as we try to go further than a priori principles as found in the three critiques and go for transcendent instead of immanent concepts (see Prolegomena, 4:373, fn.), we transcend all knowledge ("es überschreitet die Grenzlinie alles Wissens [borderline of all knowledge]"). The object of speculations like that would become a no-thing [Unding]. That doesn't mean that we couldn't contemplate on them. But all contemplation then would never be in the realm of knowledge, but mere speculation. E.g. only because we presuppose the ball will fall, we throw it in an angle, not trying to throw it in a straight line to our aim. Our angle implies that we made this presupposition and the presupposition is necessary for achieving our apparent goal. In Summary: Kant would not need the supreme good, but he actually conceptualizes it as part of finite rationality. b) that we have to respect the dignity of every single person in our decision, always treating them as autonomous agents, never as mere means (as per Formula of Humanity). This does explicitely not exclude using people as means, otherwise being an employer could end up being immoral. Then there is "conviction" [Überzeugung], that I would describe as subjective, but objectifiable: Therefore, while we are certainly able to gain knowledge about aspects of its reality as we conceive it and strive for getting closer to a full understanding, it lies in the very concept [Begriff] of it that we cannot get knowledge about it as the holistic unity thought under this concept. This translation is not entirely correct, though. Hamann originally writes "Er soll nicht damit zufrieden seyn", i.e. "Kant is said not to be satisified". Again - heresay. He points out the sentence before that he did not have the heart to ask Kant personally when visiting him, although this was the original purpose of his visit. One might argue that the contents of his reports are generally quite accurate, though.