Here's a clip showing the Infestor/Roach movement: Hellion Infernal Pre-Igniter damage upgrade decreased from 10 to 5. Immortal Attack range increased from 5 to 6. The best I can find so far is this thread with screenshots show it is possible with hellions. http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=174308 Playing on the lowest video settings (everything on low) allows for easier distinction of the blur that the cloaked units generate. Higher video settings enhances the background terrain making it harder to see the blur. Neural Parasite range decreased from 9 to 7. Swarm Host Think of these like a burrowed siege tank that spawns ranged broodlings (called Locusts). They are an offensive unit that can be hidden behind mineral lines, or used to provide a first wave to absorb siege tank fire before your main army charges in. The usage of them is no different than spawning infested terrans from an infestor except there is no energy cost, only time. Enemies require detection in order to attack the Hosts when they are burrowed and spawning Locusts so you could get them into the front lines early, spawn locusts, and just keep them there. While this isn't very safe it can keep your enemy at bay for a while. I believe these can be used similar to Widowmines in both the offensive and defensive manner described previously. Your ground force should be something like 60% marines, 35% mauraders, and a few ghosts. That said, your army composition should be reflective of what he's making more of (This is assuming an infantry force). If he has more zealots get more marines, more stalkers? More mauraders. I also assume that you're making medivacs to help your healing. Ultralisk Build time decreased from 70 to 55. The story driven single player campaign can only be played by one person and cannot be played by more than one player. There are two "new" units for Terran. I use the term new loosely because one is simply a transformed version of an existing unit. The Time Warp ability is a casted area of effect that slows all units caught within it. It reduces movement by 50%. Excellent for chasing down units trying to escape. A few sentries combined with this effect allows chargelots to close in, and decimate an army. Attack speed is not reported to have been slowed by this spell, only movement at this point. I believe the way for Terran to win is to never directly encountering the army. Barracks Build time increased from 60 to 65.