A great example of a writer who does this well is George R.R. Martin in his Song of Ice and Fire series; he's certainly constructed a complex and involved world, but he: Unfortunately, Harry's misconception is built up through a series of unfortunate encounters which, in retrospect, are blatantly contrived. These include: If this answer sounds helpful to you, and you'd like more thoughts on how it might apply to your specific story, feel free to flag me down in the chat room and we can mull it over ;) Throughout Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, Harry is certain that Snape is serving Voldemort, and bulling Quirrell into helping him. At the climax, we learn that Snape is protecting Harry, while Quirrell's master is Voldemort himself. These developments all depend heavily on being in the precise right place at the precise right time and noticing precisely the right things; when such events are the basis of a climactic plot twist, it smacks of author fiat. Your own arc will probably be more detailed; intertwined with other story arcs; maybe you'll have multiple goals for the same plot and character. But just as you've described your problem as being with "the antagonist's secret goal," you can figure out roughly what you're trying to achieve by setting him that goal. That's the arc you want to focus on now. The way to play this depends heavily on what you're trying to achieve with your antagonist's secret goal. The key concept here is that every major thread should have some set-up and introduction in the first act; how precisely to accomplish that for the "antagonist's goal" thread depends on the specifics of your story. C) The main character is being chased, and needs to hide out in a variety of places. B) There are Important Things located in each place. This can feel a bit cliche, but it's an old standard in adventure plots because it's effective. (Possible other lessons: we all need help sometimes, no one makes it entirely on his/her own, or even when you're at your personal lowest, all hope is not gone) One of the most influential approaches to general story structure is Joseph Campbell's "Hero's Journey" monomyth, which analyzed popular story structures from all around the world to isolate common elements (quite similar to Propp's work, but probably produced independently). Christopher Vogel's popular adaption, "The Writer's Journey," specifically adapts the concept for writers (and demonstrates how the same structures can be used in a context without the fantastic trappings of classical myth). With all that said, don't feel that your characters have to actually visit every single interesting place you've thought up for your world --that wouldn't be a book most people would want to read. It might be better for your main characters to just hear about some of those places --or to meet people from them (or just save those places for the sequel!). In a sense, this is the whole point to an epilogue --if it had the same feel as the main narrative, it would just be the last chapter. Epilogues exist solely to solve the problem of authors wanting to tell the readers things that don't --for whatever reason --fit into the main framework of the novel (and the same is true for prologues). A) The narrative is a journey: This is the simplest reason to visit many different places --the narrative is a trip, and each place is a natural stop along the way. Typically, I see this being done three different ways in the books I've read: NOTE: According to the comments below, it's possible that the "epilogue" I remember might actually have been a late addition by another author. I think you can almost always get away with ONE coincidence that gets the story rolling. Like suppose the story begins with two people who are fierce business rivals just happening to meet in a social setting and becoming romantically involved, only discovering their identity as business rivals later. (The Shop Around the Corner, You've Got Mail) Is this an unlikely coincidence? Yes. But few readers will question it, because we accept that this is what gets the story started. It's unlikely, but if it didn't happen, if the two never met, there would be no story at all. When we are relating true stories, we don't talk about the 1000 times that someone went to the grocery store or the office or the park and nothing interesting happened and he went home; we talk about the one time that something interesting DID happen that changed his life. Same in fiction. Several good answers and I don't want to repeat what they said, but let me add: Ditto Lauren's comments about turning coincidences into probabilities. If you tell us that one day Bob is walking down the street and he just happens to see a gun lying on the sidewalk and he picks it up and sticks it in his pocket, and then he walks into a bank just as it is being robbed and he heroically saves the day, the reader will likely find the coincidence implausible. But if you tell us that Bob has been carrying a gun constantly every day for the last 20 years, it doesn't sound so implausible. Or if you say that Sally has long dreamed of opening her own restaurant but never had the resources to do it, and one day she attends a class on French literature where she meets someone with a similar dream who is looking for a partner, it sounds like an implausible co-incidence. But change it to a class on how to start a business, and it doesn't sound unlikely at all. Etc.