Summary: In general, EU citizens can enter any other EU country and travel or work freely but not necessarily stay as long they want, especially if they don't have a job. Full freedom of movement means that Romanian and Bulgarian citizens now have the same rights than other EU citizens, without the job market restrictions that applied to them until 2014. 

[This answer is a work in progress] 

Meanwhile, a few thousand people apparently decided to go to the Austrian border by foot and Hungary announced it was ready to provide busses to drive them to the border, so it's not doing anything to stop them in this case. 

One thing many people do not realise is that the EU is not pushing tons of rules on the smallest things out of mission creep or because German and French bureaucrats have a secret plan to take over the world. Rather, the rules on the shape of cucumbers or any other funny example you might dig up are really a direct result of the single market idea. The goal is to make sure that once a product is fit for consumption and sale in one country, it's automatically accepted in the others, no need to start from scratch with tests, paperwork, etc. 

Without getting in a long discussion of the methodology, differences in ”political variables”, ”economy” and “knowledge” are the most immediate reasons why the countries you mentioned score lower in this particular ranking. 

Interestingly, there was an attempt at turning all this into a “constitution” of sorts through the “Treaty establishing a constitution for Europe” (a mouthful and a source of endless theoretical debates about what this would have been: a constitution? a treaty? both? something else?) This was voted down by French and Dutch voters in two referenda and shelved… until most of its contents reappeared in the Lisbon treaty and became EU law, only without the “constitution” moniker. 

But there are many actors pushing in other directions and it was simply not possible to agree on a “EU president” with real autonomy or symbolic authority (say a president elected by the parliament). So the compromise was to create a “president of the European Council” instead and the result is yet another personality, sitting beside the national leaders and the president of the Commission (instead of having any sort of authority over them) and struggling to be relevant. 

The free movement of persons is, together with the free movement of goods, services and capital, one of the cornerstones of the single market. It's been in the treaties since the beginning (the 1959 treaty of Rome establishing the European Economic Community). 

On the other hand, in spite of all the noise, most of these rules aren't extraordinarily constraining and broadly similar rules exist in pretty much any half-way modern country, save perhaps for the US (think parental leave) and the UK would probably have adopted something like that on its own even if it never was part of the EU to begin with. So I would not expect any dramatic change, at least not at first.