If you remove all objects of relation, then yes, any directional terms would be meaningless. There is no intrinsic North or South of the universe ("North" for humans typically just means in relation to the geographic North Pole). But it doesn't have to always be about outlandish new assumptions; in principle even trivial assumptions could be examined with this principle. Between answers 1 and 2, the outcome of applying Occam's Razor to these explanations would depend on the particular situation. I.E., is it practically possible that someone could've painted the stove while you weren't looking? Is it April Fool's Day? Is one of your roommates/family members a good artist who likes to pull pranks? etc. I think the key word here is "discovers", specifically present tense and not past or future tense. That essentially implies that Mary is in fact—right now, presently—in New York. As I summarized in a comment below, for this work problem in a basic textbook, I think it's appropriate that we infer the least implications, i.e., not include an in the future implication as a possible interpretation of the original premise. I think if the book authors wanted to write "in the future" they probably would have, and it would have made the answer clearcut (i.e., there would be no entailments). But the fact that they left it out suggests either they wanted the opposite (an entailment such that A entails B), or they wanted everyone to be confused. As pernicious as some school textbook authors may seem to be, I think it's reasonable we can assume they did not intend the latter... :P As presented, the answer is intuitively no: God necessarily being eternal, he cannot cease to exist. However, this implies that he is not omnipotent, and so your question is a variation of: The article provides a list of philosophical results following from category theory, such as: Note that, as others have argued, God's omnipotence need not mean his omniscience. However, since the main perceived paradox between God and free will arises from his omniscience, this will be assumed for this answer. Thus, something omnipotent (and only omnipotent as a premise) should be able to destroy itself, because it has the power to do so, and would not cause any logical paradoxes in doing so. However, that is only if omnipotence is the sole premise. Conversely, you mentioned several premises to the definition of God, one of which seems particularly important. I think what renders the statement "God destroys himself" problematic is your following statement: And it also mentions that "category theory allowed for the development of methods that have changed and continue to change the face of mathematics."