To me, for two particulars a and b to have the same property F, or be of the same type F, simply means that "a is F and b is F*. But I don't see why the fact that "a is F and b is F" is puzzling at all. Why does the fact that "a is F" and "b is F" need to be accounted for? I really don't see any kind of incompatibility, while for Armstrong the fact that both propositions are true is, prima facie, a good reason to postulate the existence of a rather bizarre kind of entities (namely, Universals). In fact, he writes 

However, I still can't manage to see why a is F and b is F both being true is problematic at all. Could you perhaps enlighten me? I've tried by reading books and practically all the SEP/IEP articles on the subject, but these mainly address the solutions, which are hard to understand to someone, like me, who hasn't even got what the problem is all about. Hegel seems to take a somewhat nominalist or at least ambiguous view of mechanical "causation." He rightly pointed out that causation is retrospectively selective. One cannot identify a "cause" until one has identified the "effect." So in conscious representation, effects always precede causes. 

If we take on the one hand, the one/particular/individual/singular and on the other the many/universal/general/multiple what is the best way to sort them out? Are any now considered synonymous, interchangeable, or redundant? Are they always paired up as dichotomies in the order I've given above? How consistent is their treatment, from Aristotle (I believe that's the origin) to the present? What are some of the key texts or historical turns related to such distinctions? Anthropologists tell us that home sapiens are concerned about "others," even after they die. Other mathematicians have described their arrival at unexpected results as feeling like "experimental discovery." (Realism in Mathematics, Penelope Maddy) More to the point, I understand that there are now purely "experimental" branches of mathematics using computers, though I'm not sure what is involved here. This would seem to remove some of the subjectivity associated with talk of mathematical Platonism.