One thing to get straight at the outset is a definition of "humanism". There are at least two major ideologies that typically fall under the umbrella of humanism. First is secular humanism, which is probably the one you're thinking of when you talk about "humanism". Secular humanism tends to justify action in terms of human reason, ethics, and justice. And in doing so, it naturally denounces religious dogma, superstition, and other things that could be considered "pseudo-science". However, it does not prescribe a particular code or system of ethics, and many philosophers who fall into the "humanist" camp have strongly believed in universal moral standards, exactly the opposite of relativism. A few examples of such thinkers might be: Immanuel Kant, John Stuart Mill, and John Rawls. Certainly, secular humanism can be seen as incompatible with a strong religious faith, on which basis you may take objection to it, but it certainly is not incompatible with objectivism (with a little O), the idea that there is a universal system of ethics accessible to all. There is an entire world of philosophers who don't necessarily believe in the existence of a supreme being, yet believe in objective morality. The one who makes this position most persuasively is probably Shelly Kagan, a contemporary moral philosopher. And other philosophers have even argued (this is Plato's famous Euthyphro dilemma) that objective morality cannot be based on God, even if both are granted to exist. Sure, those philosophers exist. But they're not nearly as trendy as you might have imagined. The philosophical arguments made against affirmative action now are exactly the same ones that were made by theorists long before race-conscious theories ever existed. It's the writings of anyone who ever encouraged blind justice and universal social equality, from strict deontologists like Immanuel Kant to liberal political philosophers like John Rawls. The flaw lies in thinking that the only possible source for an objective morality is from [a] God. While that's certainly one possible source, and even a good source, it's far from the only possible source. Humanists, as I hinted above, would argue that human rationality, intuition, and logic are the sources for morality, and since all humans share these faculties, such a moral framework would be objectively shared across all humanity. No, humanism does not, in any way, necessitate relativism. They are completely different philosophies. In fact, I'm not sure that I can even imagine a way in which humanism would imply relativism. In fact, it is the notion of "affirmative action" that is relatively new, and not just because philosophers have stereotypically been rich white men that didn't care about the oppressed minority groups. Philosophically and legally, the affirmative action system has its roots in critical legal studies (CLS), and more specifically, the branch of CLS that deals with race—critical race theory (CRT). The primary authors here are probably Derrick Bell and Richard Delgado, and I think Mari Matsuda deserves specific mention as a particularly lucid and readable theorist in this tradition. Her book (with Charles Lawrence), We Won't Go Back: Making the Case for Affirmative Action, is probably one of the landmark texts tying CRT with affirmative action. One could do worse than to start by thinking through Rawls's Veil of Ignorance, wherein one imagines that she is forced to decide the fate and organization of her future society without knowing the specific role in that society which she will be assigned to play. In other words, no one knows their place in society, their class position, their social status, or their assets and abilities ahead of time. They might be placed into the society as a poor black female, a rich white male, or anything in between. The idea is that one would choose the most just society for all members, rather than be tainted by a bias for one's own current social group. This is nothing particularly revolutionary, considering that liberal theorists since the Enlightenment have argued in favor of universal equality, justice as fairness to all, and the equal (re-)distribution of wealth.