Keep in mind that even if you have to temporarily suspend a hobby for now, it doesn't mean that you can't pick it back up again when your son/daughter is older--and maybe by that time they'll be old enough to participate in your hobby with you. And it doesn't mean that you can't still be involved in a hobby, you just can't dedicate as much time to it, or your involvement can't be as intense. If you LOVE acting and perform with a local theater, perhaps you can't be on-stage for now, but that doesn't mean that you can't design their playbills. 

Questions to Ask Before Hiring a MidWife 

Since it's winter, it stands to reason that your baby's skin is going to be a little dry. This link suggests cutting back on bath time, making sure the water isn't too hot, and limiting the amount of contact your child has with soap. Baths strip the natural oils off the skin so you don't want to over-do the number of baths she gets or how long she's in the tub. 

To sum up, it seems I shouldn't have worried. 

My daughter seems to have calmed down. She does not seem to have grown yet, but she does seem "smarter" and more agile. She rotates her head more quickly, follows our faces with her eyes more "fluently" (she used to do it, but in large "jumps"). She also spends more time just lying and looking around at the world. I guess she gathered enough experience points and was going through a level-up;) 

Another thing to remember is to keep your home humid - or at least the room where the baby sleeps. If you have very low humidity, the nose will get stuffed and the baby's breathind comfort will decrease. 

This does not seem like a physical problem. I'd say it's entirely psychological. And as with most psychological problems - you should try to talk it over. Try to learn what she feels, just let her talk - if she is willing. Listen carefully. 

Since it's winter, it stands to reason that your baby's skin is going to be a little dry. This link suggests cutting back on bath time, making sure the water isn't too hot, and limiting the amount of contact your child has with soap. Baths strip the natural oils off the skin so you don't want to over-do the number of baths she gets or how long she's in the tub. 

Use a humidifier. Don't let salt or chlorine dry on the skin. In case you visit a local pool or something. Protect your baby's skin from the elements. Make sure when you take her out that she's thoroughly covered and protected from the wind and cold. ETA: As for her dandruff: She probably has cradle cap which is an incredibly common condition. Both my kids had it. It's really hard to get rid of altogether, but you can sort of minimize it. When I washed my kid's hair, I would take a really soft baby brush and sort of massage their scalp in circular motions while the shampoo was still in their hair. This will help loosen some of the dry skin and you can just rinse it away. It probably won't get rid of it 100%, but it should help. I've also heard you can use olive oil to do this, and once I got really desperate and used a combination of shampoo and baby oil on my daughter's scalp, but it took FOREVER to get all the oil out of her hair. There are also some cradle cap shampoos you can buy at any big box store if some of the home remedies don't help. If it's REALLY bad and none of this helps, then you should probably talk to your doctor about it.