You should check for feces between the labia and wipe any globules away as needed. Infections can and will arise if stuff is allowed to sit there. You can gently spread the labia to get a good look and make sure there isn't anything "hiding" in a fold. 

My daughter had trouble with about six or seven of these (including GERD of which Chronically spitting up is a part) but has no problem with Wheat intolerance - she does, however, have a sensitivity to dairy. 

First, talk to your wife. Tell her how sleep deprived you are and ask if she is ready to adjust the night shift part of things - even if it is just slightly. You one night, her the next, or you the 2:00 feeding, she, the 4:00 . . . 

Baby Center says if you still see some after six weeks mention it to your doc at your post-natal check. Even with real menstruation there can be a bit of an "ebb and flow" to it. The fact that it wasn't there and then was probably doesn't mean anything. In my experience it was only the first few days, but it probably greatly depends on how the birth occured/length of time etc. If you see a lot of blood or if it is gone for more than a week or two and then comes back I'd mention it to doc though. 

Informing someone you're expecting to give your child their full attention that they're being covertly watched at all times is counter-productive. Rather than focusing on what your child needs, they'll focus on what you'll think of what you're seeing, which is not the same thing. 

The general recommendation I've found is to check the heat of the back of the neck (path from heart to brain) and heat of the torso (contains everything else). 

One source is here, but most of the sources when googling "baby's hands cold" say the same. 

Firstly, in the event of the body needing energy for stuff like digestion or growing, the body generally diverts blood away from the limbs towards the "core", where the real work's being done by the heart and stomach, and to the brain. 

If you can't trust the nanny, either don't tell her about the camera, or don't use the camera. As you've said, a monitoring device is of no use if you know exactly where it is. All it will tell you is if she's struggling. I'd say "don't leave your child with her", but you have to leave your kids with someone, so I'd suggest just monitoring how happy they are, what information they bring home etc. (UK law requires that any childminder now produce weekly reports on what your kids did and have specific policies on stuff like food, trips, bullying, etc; but even a couple of digital photos a month of your child playing go a long way to reassuring you)