In the case of Latin Europe during the High Middle Ages, the creation of new kingdoms was considered the prerogatives of the Pope and the Emperor of Christendom. Baxter, Stephen. “Edward the Confessor and the Succession Question.” Edward the Confessor: The Man and the Legend, edited by Richard Mortimer, Boydell and Brewer, 2009, pp. 77–118. Pieter Geerkens gave a good answer on feudalism, but missed the mark with the conclusion that the elective monarchies appeared from areas that were not part of the Carolingian Empire, because of a lack of feudalism. For illustration, consider the knights with kite shields from the Bayeux Tapestry: Alexander was very successful in his expedition. On the third day after he had landed in the Crimea, he overthrew and killed his own brother Isaicus and took possession of Mankup, his "paternal heritage." Nicholas, David. "The Ties That Bound: Peasant Families in Medieval England." (1987). In addition, the survey also revealed that the households at St Germain were predominantly laterally extended families. That is, there were more people from the same generation living together, as opposed to having more generations in the same household. Instead of grandparents living with their children and grandchildren, St Germain families were more commonly consisted of siblings and their children. A related feature is that, despite a somewhat high family size, the number of children was low - perhaps a product of late marriages. - Zuchora-Walske, Christine, Poland, North Mankato: ABDO Publishing, 2013. The emergence of late medieval full plate armour wasn't really prompted by any specific discovery or advancement in metallurgical tech. Partial plate armour, in principle, can be traced all the way back to Classical Antiquity, such as the Greek muscle cuirass later Roman lorica segmentata. While the rich could afford the a wide variety of expensive spices in ridiculous amounts (i.e., Duke Georg), it wasn't beyond the means of the common folk either. As noted above, a pound of pepper might cost a craftsman several days work - enough to make it a luxury goods, but not so expensive that it was affordable. So even (well to-do) peasants could afford pepper, the cheapest of the common spices. - Cantor, Norman F. In the Wake of the Plague: The Black Death and the World It Made. Simon and Schuster, 2001. Perhaps the most famous case is the failed scheme of Charles the Bold, the powerful Duke of Burgundy, to create a kingdom for himself. He attempted to do so by securing the sanction of Emperor Frederick III, but his boldness ultimately derailed the effort. In any case, height differences are much less dramatic than weight. Medieval cattle were half the weight of industrial revolution ones, but only 20% shorter.4 Hence, compared to ~150cm for cattle and ~75cm for sheep, depending on the species, today: With neither political nor popular support, the diplomatic reality of the time made creating himself a king untenable. Especially because it would surely set himself up for conflict with Jerusalem. Even those who argue that Edward has always wanted William to succeed him do not consistently deny that the bequest happened. Eric John wrote a famously pro-Norman article defending William's claims, advancing a couple of arguments on the topic of Edward's last wishes. The first is based on Norman sources: 3) Demetrius is the first Prince of Theodoro to be known by name. There is no historical record on when or how the principality became independent from the Empire of Trebizond, nor indeed of when the principality was established. Nonetheless, due to Trebizond's remoteness and relative weakness, Gothia's dependence was never very strong in the first place, being largely confined to an annual tribute. It is possible that the Princes of Gothia merely substituted nominal subservience to Trebizond for Tartar overlordship. - Gottfried, Robert S. Black Death. New York: The Free Press, 1983. In High Medieval England, an anthology of six works known collectively as the Liber Catonianus (aka Sex Auctores) became a standard textbook of sorts. Widely used in English schools, they notably included: Beckerman, John S. "Succession in Normandy, 1087, and in England, 1066: The Role of Testamentary Custom." Speculum 47.2 (1972): 258-260. Quite a bit, actually. Graeco-Roman mythology was a significant part of the education curriculum. Much of the educated elite would have been broadly familiar with ancient Greek mythologies through its Latin form, albeit overlaid with a Christian point of view. And no, Western Europe was not "mostly serfs" during this period. Apparently it later became known as "Ladyhill" because of a chapel to the Virgin Mary. In the latter, we can see the legs were protected by chausses. This is conspicuously absent from most of the armoured figures depicted in the Bayeux Tapestry, most of whom only wore knee-length hauberks. To start with, the power to elect Roman Emperors was vaguely understood to be vested in the Senate. When the Western Empire finally fell, the Roman Senate sent an emissary to Constantinople to "basely renounce the right of choosing their own master, the only vestige which yet remained of the authority that had given laws to the world". Nonetheless, hereditary succession was never truly enshrined in the Byzantine Empire either. Clark, Gregory. "Labour productivity in English agriculture, 1300-1860." Campbell, Bruce MS, and Mark Overton, eds. Land, Labour, and Livestock: Historical Studies in European Agricultural Productivity. Manchester University Press, 1991. 2) Alexander replaced Issac in a palace coup just before the principality fell, in 1475. This is recounted by the renowned Byzantine historian Alexander Vasiliev: Or at least, as far as we can know based on available sources. Of course, if one chooses to disregard extant historical records, then all kinds of speculations are possible. Hence, the general consensus of historians is that Edward designated Harold his successor.