It isn't really a matter of how much you spend, your main role is to make sure key points are always warded at certain times. The /r method will automatically fill in the username of the friend you are having the conversation with when you start typing the message. (It fills it in with the last user that messaged you) I think I covered most of the good solo tops, but to be honest it falls down to either tanky champs who can handle the harass and are hard to push out of lane, damage dealers with life steal that are hard to harass or casters with inbuilt sustain. If you decide to create a new account, bare in mind that playing in the wrong region could also give you in game latency issues, which will have a negative impact on your gaming experience, depending on the level of the problem. Wards Philo Stone Boots (1) Kage's lucky pick HoG Boots (2) Aegis Shurelya's Reverie The game should never really last past an Aegis. She has an amazing escape mechanism using Twilight shroud In lane, you want to ward drake at around level 5. This is when the junglers will be fighting over control of the dragon. It is hard to say how much exactly, but probably 50-75% of my gold goes on wards when I play support. As for champions, some are obviously better than others, and as already mentioned, sustain is THE main thing you need, along with an ability to help you last hit. An official Riot Post on the topic: Another Riot Post about harshness: There will be a Tribunal ladder named Hall of Justice, too! What do the buffs affect in detail (preferring concrete numbers)? Since the Patch V1.0.0.113 revive effects trigger in this order: Riot: We want to encourage players to decide these boundaries. Just use your best judgment and we'll take care of the rest! Also after the Tribunal changed you do not get IP Boosts anymore but only some Influence Points (IP) are added to your account. edit: In the Patch announcement video for the World Championship Hotfix, Riot announced to change the Tribunal again. In the near future there will be a list of your cases along with some stats. This means if you would die as a Tryndamere with Guardian Angel and your Ultimate is available, your ultimate would trigger first - goes on cooldown, gives you fury and GAs passive is still available. This means if you get the Chrono Shift Buff at the right moment (when Undying Rage ends) Tryndamere could technically drop to zero health 3 times before a kill is awarded. My interpretation is that this remaining 210% Attack Speed is most efficiently bridged with 2 Runaan's Hurricanes, a Guinsoo's Rageblade, and 18% Attack Speed from runes. This leaves 310 Attack Damage from a Sword of the Occult and two Bloodthirsters. To achieve maximal damage, we'll need to consider the shots fired cap of 34. Given a base speed of .638, and a formula of 7.5+10.5*AS=shots, we'll need a 395% bonus to reach the cap. Lucian gains 3.3% AS a level, so after 17 levels, he's earned 56% AS. Using the Fury and Frenzy Masteries, he earns another 14%, so he's at 70% before we have to make any real choices, leaving 325% to find. Time for Theorycrafting, Huzzah! Frostbite deals double damage to champions "slowed by an ice effect." This seems to imply that any ice effect should work, but the forums seem divided on the matter. Edit: With the recent price changes to red pot (3.6 patch), taking it will limit your sustainability down to 3 health potions. This is probably too few. Cloth Armour 5 pots is probably a better strategy, although it will cut down on your ability to harass and accomplish much with a surprise jungle/mid gank.