Financial Ties to the Gun Industry Another claim that has been made is that the NRA is driven to take the stances it does by financial ties to the gun industry. 

(12) Subject to any treaty or agreement to which the United States is or may be a party or to any accepted rule of international law, persons within an area leased by or otherwise reserved or acquired for the use of the United States which is under the control of the Secretary concerned and which is outside the United States and outside the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Virgin Islands. 

The price we pay for a free press in the U.S. is the need to have healthy skepticism of political claims. The validity of those claims is resolved with more speech in most cases, not with legal action. 

There is not a shortage of companies offering plans in the employer group health insurance plan market in most places. This is (1) because the employer group health insurance market is bigger as a share of the total private health insurance market, (2) because it is more profitable since one marketing sale to an employer results in the sale of health insurance to multiple households for a larger total premium and (3) because it is more profitable since there are fewer opportunities for adverse selection and moral hazards by prospective insureds in the employer group health insurance plan market in a world where lots of people required to get individual health insurance plans fail to do so except when they think they will need to purchase expensive health care. 

This is still not a problem, because employer-sponsored health insurers are chosen by employers who are price conscious, from multiple available employer group health insurance plans available in the employer group health insurance plan market. 

But, in practice, the only remedy someone has available if the legislature passes an unconstitutional law is to have a court determine that the law is invalid, which a court will only do in the event of an actual live dispute over its validity (the case or controversy requirement see U.S. Constitution, Article III, Section 2, Clause 1) by someone actually materially affected by the law (the standing requirement). 

No. There is nothing like that at the federal level. When states have such provisions, they are generally included in the state constitution. The United States Constitution has no such provision. 

A non-citizen cannot be guilty of treason against the United States. 

Right now, military law in the United States is set forth in a law enacted by Congress in statutes that are located in Title 10 of the United States Code form Sections 801 to 946. 

As noted above, these requirements are rooted in Section 2, Clause 1 of Article III of the United States Constitution and the legal doctrines developed around it which have been interpreted to prohibit the filing of advisory opinions. 

These elaborate alcohol specific labelling laws largely pre-empt other labelling laws and trademark laws of general applicability in the cases where they apply. 

Mostly, the UCMJ applies to members of the U.S. military, broadly defined, with some of the potentially close cases described with specificity. A lot of the detail in this definition goes to the issue of when non-active duty military personnel (1) are subject to the UCMJ, (2) are subject to state versions of the UMCJ in lieu of the UCMJ, or (3) are not subject to the UCMJ at all. 

The trouble is that despite the fact that executive orders are almost always ghostwritten, it is common practice for the true drafting author to not be acknowledged (unlike the annotation of initials of a true author that often appears on a business letter). 

Criminal Appeals Of Acquittals In Early Modern Continental Europe 

It would still be more tense, however, because there is a period of more than two months for a transition to take place following an election, while a transition involving an impeachment would take place more or less instantaneously, and it would not be physically possible for the former President to move out of the White House and to transfer all of the incidents of the Presidency to the new President instantaneously. One would assume that a few reasonable allowances would be made to reflect that situation. For example, in cases where the President has died while in office, his family has been allowed a reasonable amount of time to move out of the White House even though the new President took over authority for doing the job immediately.