2 And Jesus said unto them, See ye not all these things? verily I say unto you, There shall not be left here one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down. 7 “Teacher,” they asked, “when will these things happen? And what will be the sign that they are about to take place?” So yes, to the overwhelming majority of Christianity, it would be be accurate to say that it's a sin to believe that Jesus would lie to us to protect our souls. Not only does it go against "any other Christian belief or doctrine" it goes against two central, almost universally held Christian beliefs/doctrines. The doctrine of God's character and the doctrine of Christ's Diety. That Jesus is the only begotten Son. The question you pose is based on a common misunderstanding of the relationship between how "good" we are and whether or not we are "good enough" to get to Heaven. The problem is that not one of us has ever kept the Ten Commandments, much less the hundreds of other laws in the Bible, and therefore not one of us is "good enough" to get to Heaven on our own merits. 19 If in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are of all men most miserable. We experience the same death as Christ, and are promised the same resurrection as Him as well. I assume the second part of the question deals with the fact the high priest offers sacrifices for sins. In Hebrews 5:1-3 we read... From ICR, in an article that directly addresses your question: The idea that "Jesus was plan B" doesn't make sense from a theological or a logical standpoint. If God is Omnisicient, then He knew what would happen before He created everything. He knew Adam and Eve would choose to disobey when tempted. 43 But know this, that if the goodman of the house had known in what watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would not have suffered his house to be broken up. Since He considered it to be inspired by God, He considered it authoritative. 29 Immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be darkened, and the moon shall not give her light, and the stars shall fall from heaven, and the powers of the heavens shall be shaken: Some Scriptural/doctrinal arguments: These passages cover both statements in one clear statement: The fact is, that to call Him the only Son of God would make the Bible contradict itself, for He is not the only Son of God, and certainly not the "one and only" Son of God. Angels are several times called the sons of God (e.g., Job 38:7) since they had no fathers, being directly created by God. Likewise, Adam was called the son of God (Luke 3:38), because he was directly created. The same applies even to fallen angels (Genesis 6:2), and even to Satan (Job 1:6), because they also were created beings. The term is also used in a spiritual sense, of course, for those who have become "new creations" in Christ Jesus by faith (II Corinthians 5:17; Ephesians 2:10; etc.). In this sense, we also are "sons of God" (e.g., I John 3:2) by special creation?not physically but spiritually. 35 Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away. What we can rely on is that this is what Scripture teaches: Jesus was sinless. The mechanism by which He is able to be sinless is not central to Christian doctrine for most denominations. The fact of His sinlessness is.