Then he [the Prophet] made Safia behind him and covered her with his gown. This is when the Muslims realized that he had chosen Safiyya for himself. The Prophet ﷺ then addressed Bilal, from what I was told about what he saw the woman do, and said: The athar is not authentic. No picture or statue was left undestroyed by the Prophet ﷺ. In this hadith, the Prophet ﷺ told us that the time will come when people question hadith and want to refer only to the Qur'an. Then he explained that he was given two sources: the Qur'an and his sunnah. The Prophet ﷺ declared as halal or haram based on revelations. The Qur'an is referred to in verses as the book (al-kitab), and the sunnah is referred to as the wisdom (al-hikma), according to the majority of tafsirs. These two were mentioned in Al-Baqarah 2:129 as Ibrahim ﷺ supplicated to Allah to send from amongst them a messenger that will recite Allah's verses and teach them the book and wisdom. This was also mentioned in Al-Baqarah 2:151, and in Al-Jumu'ah 62:2 among other verses. Not only that, but Allah ﷻ emphasizes that these two sources were His revelations: We were sitting at the door of 'Abdullah ibn Mas'ūd before the morning prayers so that when he exits, we would accompany him to the masjid. Abu Musa al-Ash'ari came and asked: "Did Aba 'Abdur-Rahmān [the nickname of 'Abdullah ibn Mas'ūd] come out to you?" They said: "No, not yet." He sat with us until he came out. We then stood up, all of us, and Abu Musa told him: "I saw something in the masjid that I denied, although I did not see — Allah be praised — except what is good." Ibn Mas'ūd asked: "what is it?" He responded: "If you live, you will see for yourself." — Sunan Abi Dawud » Model Behavior of the Prophet » Hadith 4604 — IslamWeb, Compilation of the Qur'an by Abu Bakr (Arabic only) This is a form of politeness: to let the Prophet (ﷺ) know that the blind man was thankful for the intercession (supplication) of the Prophet (ﷺ), and that the blind man had also supplicated likewise. There is no supplication in this statement; merely information. The consequences of deviating from what Allah has prescribed through the Prophet ﷺ are severe according to the Qur'an: — NOTE: My own translation, so treat with care: Authenticity of the hadith The hadith you mentioned is not actually a hadith attributed to the Prophet; rather, an athar attributed to ‘Umar ibn Al Khattab without authentication: As for warfare, while it is difficult to imagine in modern times how horse riding and archery may relate, one never knows. All you need is shortage of energy that may, at least partially, render all current warfare equipment of little value. Perhaps then, horse riding and archery will be of value in our times. This is up to you to decide. As to why he was not killed, the verse right after explains The Qur'an was revealed in progression, as you mentioned, with verses from the same chapter being revealed not necessarily in sequence. The Qur'an was revised in its entirety with Gabriel once a year, and twice in the last year prior to the death of the Prophet ﷺ. This typically took place in the month of Ramadan. 'Aishah (May Allah be pleased with her) reported: Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) said, "If anyone introduces in our matter something which does not belong to it, will be rejected". The narration in Muslim says: "If anybody introduces a practice which is not authenticated by me, it is to be rejected". This version of the hadith is classified as very weak due to Mohammad ibn Humayd ibn Hayyān al-Tamīmi. The narration chain for this hadith is Salama ibn al-Fadl » Mohammad ibn Is-hāq » Mohammad ibn Humayd al-Tamīmi » Moḥammad ibn Jarīr al-Tabari. Ibn Humayd's hadiths are forsaken due to him being rejected by several scholars (e.g., 'Abdur-Rahmān ibn Yūsuf ibn Khirāsh Abu Hatim ar-Rāzi, Abu Zur'ā ar-Rāzi, Al-Fadl ibn al-'Abbās, Al-Nasā'i, Ibn Ya'qūb al-Juzajani, Is-hāq ibn Mansūr, Mohammad ibn Is-hāq ibn Khuzaima, Sālih ibn Mohammad Jazara, and others) as either not being trustworthy, making mistakes in narrations, lying, or any combination thereof.