In 78 AD, the consul Lepidus ran on a platform of reforming Sulla's changes and won the top spot. This was probably the first fully free election the Romans had in the post-Sullan period. 

Sources: The primary source was from The Grand Strategy of the Roman Empire by Edward Luttwak. It discusses the annexation and mentions the region as securing some fertile land and supporting a friendly tribe, as well as pressing on the hostile Chatti. It also provided a buffer for Maintz and the flank of the annexation of the Agri Decumantes to the south. 

An additional wrinkle is that while all Senatorial provinces were ruled by a man named Proconsul, a majority of these officials were of Praetorian rank and served for several years in a row. So the pool for a job after becoming Consul was considerably reduced. 

3) The largest intervention was the East's attempt to retake Africa from the Vandals with a 1000 ship expedition in the 468. It was a disaster, and an expensive one for the East. After this failure, the East was tapped out for some time. 

The drifting apart of the East and West empires did contribute to the decline of the West, but it isn't true that the East did not try and help the West during this time. 

Here Curtius Rufus gets triumphal ornaments by sending his troops over the border to do some quick work Silver Mining in Germany. This is the same area that the lines would later extend out to encompass a generation or so later. 

However I did find a supporting remark from Tacitus' Annals Book XI, 20, from the time of Claudius: 

The terms of the Augustan Settlement of 27 BC, where Augustus and the Senate defined respective powers, set a delay of five years from Consulship to receiving a Senatorial Province, so at least half of this gap was by law. The Senatorial provinces were, as a rule, staid and peaceful provinces as well, and had little or no military forces. 

The point underlying all of this was to put an end to the Republican mode of using provincial wealth and provincial armies as a lever to contend for ultimate power. An up-and-coming Consul who fancied himself in opposition to Augustus or the Emperor would wait years to see even the most boring province, if any. If you played ball, though, a talented fellow might get appointed by Augustus to a nice command with some legions. So the mode under the Principate was to encourage the leading lights of the Senate to work within the system rather than plot how to overturn it. 

So it is clear from this that the first election that Sulla did not enforce was Lepidus' victory. 

During his dictatorship, candidates were appointed by Sulla for reasons of his own. I believe the elections of 79 BC were also restricted access. 

Without the full and free use of the entire resources of both halves, Rome could no longer sustain its position as a great power in the region. The East Empire could defend its half better, due to short borders and the defenses of the Capital. The West Empire, with much less wealth and more areas to guard, could not hold. Together, they might have been able to win out, if they had removed the Vandals in 468. Without that, the likely result would have been a somewhat larger East Empire, kind of like what resulted after the Lombards invaded Italy a century later.