With the base of the thumb on the hoods, palms near 45°, one or two fingers touching the brifter. This is a common position, but it IMO it is the one that causes such problems. You can easily operate brakes from this position. Now we get to the main point of contention. The research is clear that if we provide people with safety equipment then on average they take more risks. It is very politically incorrect, but there is good evidence to suggest that helmets have done nothing to improve cyclist safety. Proponents of this view argue that any improvements in safety is due to better roads, better laws, better driver education. On every perspective I can think of, my advice is don't do it. power and speed. Perhaps you're just trying to pedal too hard for that knee. technique. Perhaps pulling up more would reduce the load on that knee. The Vittoria Rubino tires you are using have similar wet grip to what I use (dry grip will be the same). The pressures you quote are good. Sitting up more, with hands on the tops. Your hands can be close to the middle or wider to the corners. You'll find each position puts your wrist in a slightly different position. Two or three hours before the race, eat a light, low GI meal. One of the links below suggests With so many factors Daniel's comment is not surprising, and is actually pretty accurate. In an earlier version of this post I suggested Voltaren, recommended for me by my physio. I think that was unwise of me - you should obtain professional medical advice. Voltaren is an anti-inflammatory drug, available under prescription in the US. Some researchers warn against it's use. As you develop, you will need to use different approaches to get improvements. Professional coaches frequently seek to introduce novelty into the training they give their athletes, so that the athlete has a new challenge, or training stress. It's when your training provides a new stress that your body responds with new growth. So when your improvement plot reaches a plateau, make a change. Instead of cadence, work on strength, or a different gradient, or shorter climbs. The main reasons they used to fail, if my boyhood memories are accurate, was incorrect installation. If you must eat later than that, then eat less and lighter, such as a banana. And keep well hydrated. There are many factors involved in working this out, which is why many people would say this is opinion based, and others say On long rides, you will find yourself tiring sooner because you won't be able to ride at your optimal cadence. If you are regularly finding your 53x12 too low it means one of three things: The walls of both rims bend out slightly, maybe 10 degrees each. I'm not sure if they were built that way, or if they've bent slowly over time. I want to know if this bike is safe to ride with the tires at 80-100 psi. I don't want the (front) rim to explode at 40mph. Hmmm… If the bent axle is the only major problem the bike has (by "it slowly died" I take you to mean that it was developing other less-serious problems too), if I were you I would do an overhaul and continue with the hybrid. Is this acceptable behavior? I sure wouldn't mind, but I'm not a religious roadie :D Your technology is up to date. 53x12 is basically still the standard for road bikes today. Since you're considering switching from a cyclocross bike to a road bike, you should expect a less dramatic change, but if you feel like you're losing out from using the wrong tool for the job, you might as well try a road bike. You could at least rent one for a day and see how it feels. Alternatively, you could consider switching just the handlebars and tires on your current bike, since it sounds like you already have a light-weight frame. Which of these differences is most likely to be responsible for the less "bouncy" ride, or is it something else entirely? Is it normal to feel a noticeable difference in ride quality between two road tires? Several months ago, I finally switched to contact lenses, and they have made a huge difference. In particular, the wide field of view afforded by contacts with cycling glasses is much better than what I might hope for in all but the most expensive prescription cycling glasses. I believe that switching to contacts was much easier (and much cheaper) than trying to find prescription cycling goggles with a wide field of view. Ordinary prescription glasses are sufficient but suboptimal. Although I agree that the best answer is to get bike glasses with prescription lenses or contact lenses, waiting to get optimal eyewear is no reason to avoid using a road bike. I wear prescription glasses and have not yet budgeted for cycling glasses, but I have not had any major problems. Whatever the theoretical ideal, there are a few critical issues that make wide tires less practical for many cyclists. First, most road bikes are designed for 23mm tires and may not have clearance for 27mm or wider tires. Second, most road tires sold are 23mm, and wider tires may be hard to find and more expensive. Third, most wide tires are designed for utility bike use and are heavier and less supple than racing tires. Fourth, wide tires may be less stable on rims designed for narrow tires (according to Zipp).