Have computers indeed enabled mathematicians to "experiment" in ways more analogous to the physical sciences? Does this constitute a stronger argument for the "reality" of mathematical objects? If we talk about "experimental mathematics" is this a form of Platonism or is it cognitive naturalism? Or either one? Odd, I had always imagined these two as complete opposites. The problem in this case is that "bachelor" remains fixed while "marriage" changes. The subject and predicate cannot, in a sense, change "tenses" at the same rate. Nor could any subject and predicate. Breaking them apart and adding different temporal operators in an attempt to different terms would only seem to lead to an infinite regress. As Hume pointed out, what we mean by a "miracle" is precisely that which cannot be predicted, controlled, or experimentally repeated. We now fly, cure plague, transmit voices over miles, and perform other formerly "miraculous" deeds. But they are no longer "miracles," except metaphorically. I'm sure this question must have a simple clarification, but I am largely unfamiliar with the branches of formal logic and not sure where to look for it. While Cort Ammon and others have given good definitional answers, these are more about the "nature of axiomatic systems," while I suspect what is wanted is more along the lines of, what is a straight line "really?" 

There are, I believe, a number of cases of distinct scientific theories that are equally good at explaining phenomena...until experimental evidence favors one over the other. 

One form of Platonism entails the actual existence of mathematical objects. Godel and others were known to feel intuitively that they were working with and actually perceiving entities different from, but every bit as "real" as, physical objects. 

Second, on our apparently spherical planet it came as a slow-moving shock to modern humans to discover that if you travel in a "straight line" away from, say, Lisbon, you will get further and further away. Eventually, when you are as far away as possible, you will find that you have returned to Lisbon! But from the "other side." The Lisbon your ships left returns as the "end of the straight line" backwards, in reverse. The non-Euclidean "straight line" or "great circle." 

This seems perhaps closer to Hegel's "historical" approach, in which the law of contradiction must be jettisoned if we accept the reality of motion. Or simply an ultimate capitulation to induction and probability.It also sounds like the kind of thing late Wittgenstein might assert, though I have only a passing familiarity with his work. 

Writing itself is highly and very intentionally improbable. We create symbols that are not readily confused with the products of natural events. By this means we create communicable "meaning," which lies in the reduction of possibility to actuality, uncertainty to certainty. We will seek meaning even in scrambled "writing." Note that there is so much on "the other" that I'd actually prefer some orientation based more traditionally on "other minds," if that makes sense. Or on "mind" as discontinuous. Though I listed specific questions, I don't expect direct answers, just direction. 

Proponents of the steady state universe versus the expanding universe were about equally divided, with the discovery of background radiation tipping the balance. The Ptolemaic system and the Copernican system existed alongside one another for a time, both equally coherent and consistent with phenomena. I believe the "holographic model" of the universe recalculates general relativity with a dimension subtracted, but I may have that bolloxed up. In both cosmology and quantum theory three are a number of mathematically developed, competing theories awaiting some experimental framework. And in many cases, Occam's razor may become the sole distinction between equally plausible theories. 

Actually, by using writing I believe you've picked the worst, or most confusing example for exploring improbability and skepticism. I largely agree with Ben Piper. 

We know that "All bachelors are unmarried men" is among the classic examples of an analytical truth. I note that in one question at this site that it is even given as a "tenseless" proposition in contrast to those requiring temporal operators. 

This is a very good question, one that brings metaphysics to life. Unfortunately, I do not have a good answer, though I've tried to think about it. First, a straight line is the "fastest speed." For this is simply another way of saying that it is the "shortest distance" between two points. So the speed of light "C" is physically the "straightest" line. We use it to define the meter. But in physical reality, the linear extension of light, if we may think of it as such, refracts in innumerable mediations. And does so universally through the "lens" of gravitation. 

As far as I recall, this was not the kind of issue raised in, say, Quine's "Two Dogmas of Empiricism," nor would it seem to me be readily fixed by adding temporal conditions to an entire proposition.