The literal word used in the Qur'an for "Thank" is "Ashkur" nothing but "Shukran" or the like. 

I don't see how today's definition of simply writing the word or saying "Thanks" would even come closer to the actual "Thanks". 

Hence, as a sense of awareness and general perception, put the above information in light, it can be inferred that if you're helped say, here in this site then you either make efforts to know the address of the one who helped by teaching you something and then send him a gift or do the like which is useful for him .........or......... simply make Du'a for the person if he deserves it as simply asking Allah "O Allah! Grant him something good." or in other words tell him "Jazakallah Khair" meaning/specifying, you already wished/prayed in your heart for his welfare. 

Actual (and rather useful) thanks: do something useful to the one who helped you. 

The above actual "thanks" is what that can be inferred from Qur'an 31:14 and also from the Hadith in the article i.e. thanking, can be either done by doing something useful to the one who helped you, or simply making Du'a (may Allah grant you good things) for the person who helped you. (Still even in this way you're doing something useful to the one who helped you). 

It doesn't matter whether you use the word "Jazakallah Khair" or "Shukran" or "thanks", unless you do something useful to the person who helped you. So, instead the one who helped you prefers something useful in return from you. So, simply using the modern "thanks" to please him would do him no good to please him in reality unless you specify, that you did something useful for him, i.e. by specifying that you prayed for him, i.e. by saying "Jazakallah Khair" (May Allah reward you with good things). After listening, to this, a person / believer / who is aware of what "Jazakallah Khair" means and it's importance would be glad to hear this than a modern "thanks". 

To understand Islam as it is understood by (different sects of) Muslims, you would adopt two approaches that any Muslim could adopt if he tried to learn about Islam: 

Apart from this, I am not aware of any reason why a Non-Muslim could not in principle reach a level of knowledge about Islam that would mean he would be recognized as being capable of performing ijtihad if he were Muslim. Learning the relevant disciplines is not a matter of being convinced that the results those disciplines produce are divine commandments and teachings, it is only a matter of acquiring a body of knowledge. 

This is a quite broad question as I understand it and relates to what one would consider a convincing argument for or against a claim, basically: what epistemology would/should you adapt. My answer will be quite broad, but reflects my experience with how religious people (not just Muslims) argue for their religions. 

to understand Islamic theology, law, spirituality, etc., you would also do what a Muslim wanting to learn about those things does: you go see what the scholars say, what arguments they use, what level of disagreement they have, basically try to understand how closely they follow the relevant usul and how faithfully they evaluate the sources. 

In particular, such an evaluation would see no need to talk about Muhammad or his Companions reverently, or assuming that Muhammad's actions were not just justified, but the best example for mankind. It would see no need to look for expressions of God's will in the history of the caliphate or of theological discourse. In short, it would assess the development, spread, and expression of Islam throughout history with the same methodology and attitude as it would assess Hinduism, Socialism, or any other world view - where, when, and how did it start, who were its proponents, what were its teachings, what are its errors, how did it impact history, etc. 

I think it is pretty clear in the article pointed by Mr. Dinar the actual meaning of the word "Shukr" or the actual "thank". 

It doesn't matter whether you use the word "Jazakallah Khair" or "Shukran" or "thanks", unless you do something useful to the person who helped you. So, instead the one who helped you prefers something useful in return from you. So, simply using the modern "thanks" to please him would do him no good to please him in reality unless you specify, that you did something useful for him, i.e. by specifying that you prayed for him, i.e. by saying "Jazakallah Khair" (May Allah reward you with good things). After listening, to this, a person / believer / who is aware of what "Jazakallah Khair" means and it's importance would be glad to hear this than a modern "thanks". 

Your question is vague. I'll explain you how in contrast with today's world of thanking vs the "thanking" used in Qur'an 31:14 and also probably used in the article pointed out by Dinar in the comments. (https://plus.google.com/109702928551400026668/posts/VcqzMhdLe7e) 

Songs sung by men or females under puberty, with a hand drum is permissible. 

It is disliked almost haram for men to listen to women who sing. Source one:1 

It was narrated from 'Urwah that he narrated from Aishah that Abu Bakr As-Siddiq : 

The Prophet said, "The poor person is not the one for whom a date or two or a morsel or two (of food is sufficient but the poor person is he who does not (beg or) ask the people (for something) or show his poverty at all. Recite if you wish, (Allah's Statement): "They do not beg of people at all." (2.273) 

It is not good to beg but if needed beg from people who are good. 

The Prophet said that the poor person is not the one who asks or begs, but the poor person is the one who does not ask and show his poverty. 

First of all Fardh means obligatory, so when you enter the masjid and the Obligatory is in progress than you must, must, must join the obligatory salaat. Outside of this you can make the sunnahs or not make them, if you do not make them, especially the confirmed sunnah's you have not sinned but you just missed out on making a sunnah prayer and gaining more reward.