Both positions are equally unverifiable, and thus equally unfulfilling in this timeless debate. I wanted to clarify somethings that other answers missed. 

I think you'd be hard-pressed to prove that science's reliance on "necessity" has anything to do with philosophy "being taken seriously as a cultural form". To be a philosopher was once a very respectable position to have. The difficulty is that it has almost always been the province of the wealthy — if you were of the working class you more likely had to spend most of your day putting food on the table. To have access to the rich philosophy that came before us, you had to have had the luxury of an education, and even then, the logical mind for it. Philosophy's current position, I would argue, is simply because A) in our modern society being a philosopher won't get you paid and we tend to greatly value money, and B) the ideas/concepts remain rather obtuse to the layperson. Most people, I'm afraid, do not have the training, discipline of mind, or even willingness to learn philosophy because it will appear to have no practical use to them. I can't see how removing "necessity" from philosophy would change that. 

What's the difference between arbitrarily high probability and certainty? This question briefly piqued my interest but upon pondering the idea, it quickly occurred to me to be a futile question, as I don't see how you could go anywhere with it. I don't see the advantage nor use of a logic that has no way of expressing necessity. Consider the following argument: 

Note that this experiment depends on monism (e.g. physicalism) unless the teletransporter can copy "non-substance" as well. 

So the assumption is that everything that makes you you is based on the physical location of particles that make up your body and brain. More precisely, that our psychological continuity -- the (relatively) uninterrupted flow of our memories -- is what we identify ourselves with. Scanning the position of every particle in your body and duplicating you elsewhere would create a functionally equivalent copy of you. Your personality, memories of your life, everything would be the same as the original you. So it is you in the psychological sense, but our personal identity requires more than just our personalities and memories in order to uniquely identify us, as this thought experiment demonstrates. 

The other component besides function is form, and what would identify the original you as you is the physical matter that your body consists of. Again, since this matter would be perfectly duplicated it would be hard to tell who is who if the copy stood next to the original. But this is no different than you accidentally getting confused who's coffee cup is who's when you sit down at a table; the point is that there is actually one that is yours, even if the cups appear exactly the same. That is, there is one that is and will always be the original, whether or not you have the means to discern it or not. Time, in this case, will always be an inherent identifier. 

... which more clearly highlights the critical (3rd) premise, which is often tacitly implied in many formulations. 

Has necessity really harmed science? More importantly, as a scientist myself, I also don't see how the use of necessity has harmed science at all; on the contrary, I think it has been a profoundly useful guide in separating fact from fiction so as to arrive as close as we can to the truth. Also, "necessity" is not at odds with "possibility"; I don't see a conflict there at all, and find that science is all about both. 

This argument is often discussed in entry-level studies in philosophy because it is both very old and specious in nature. It is a valid argument, but it is not sound because not all the premises are true. In fact, all the major criticisms boil down to the same thing: the 3rd premise. 

There is no real inconsistency there because the two situations are different. In asking to be scanned, destroyed, and transported to Mars, you are asking to have yourself be moved from one point to another (via duplication). You are fine with this because even though you will be killed and have a new body on Mars, your identity will be consistent (there is no doubt who YOU really are) and will feel as if you are the same person psychologically. And that's ok, because that's all we can ask for. I don't mind going to sleep and having a gap in my consciousness because even if my body was secretly duplicated in the middle of the night, I feel like the same person. 

And note that as soon as you are duplicated, the other person starts having distinct experiences from the original, and in all relevant senses becomes his or her own person. They would still be very similar to you, for a long time I might imagine, but that is no different than it is today. So would it be murder if you killed the original? It's a semantics game. Yes, you are arguably killing someone who is uniquely identifiable and thus his own person. But they likely consented to the teletransportation, so they must've been aware of how it works, even if they were too dim to fully grasp what it entails. I suppose you could file that the consent of teletransport passenger was invalid because he or she was not fully informed, but this is getting into legal-speak and out of philosophy. I imagine, however, if a system like this gets invented, many people will have no problem with it; the analysis is indeed correct that, if we live in a universe governed by physicalism, taking the transporter will appear instantaneous -- as if one moment you were on Earth and the next on Mars.