The European Union has treaties There is indeed no "constitution" but that does not mean that the EU operates without constraints or that its institutional structure is informal or secret, quite the opposite. Instead, the main source of EU law and the basis for the functioning of its institutions are found in several treaties and especially in: 

And there is also a limit to what the police can reasonably do. If you face small group of people on foot, you can apprehend them and bring them to a processing facility but those are completely overloaded (see below). And it does not work when you have many more refugees than police officers (refugees are not stupid incidentally, they respond to police tactics, that's why you are increasingly seeing massive runs of people all crossing at once instead of small groups trying to sneak in). There were instances in Spain where the police basically tried to “push” people back with truncheons, outside of any established procedure, but that has been heavily criticised and might not be enough on such a long border. And obviously, shooting on sight to deter people from crossing, as some European countries did in the past, is not acceptable in this time and place. 

Beyond the technical details, it might however be useful to consider what would happen to the freedom of movement itself. Switzerland for example is not even in the EEA but still had to implement it to secure its bilateral agreements with the EU. But the text approved by the 2014 referendum against “mass immigration” would severely restrict the freedom of movement for persons and it's still unclear how this will be resolved. 

Other aspects of governance [...] 

Incidentally, none of this has anything to do with Schengen at all (but that didn't stop the French government from making noise about Romania's entry into the Schengen area just to show it was “doing something” about immigration from Romania, which is absurd because it does practically nothing to stop Romanian citizens from coming to France). 

The HCR does run some resettlement programs but only very few people benefit from them and trying to reach Europe by any means necessary is often the only hope left to escape the dreadful life in the camps. That's why the distinction between refugees and migrants is fuzzier than it might seem at first even though Syrians really are fleeing a war. 

The problem is that the number of people stuck in refugee camps is so large that even increasing the number of available spots by an order of magnitude wouldn't even come close to solving the problem (there are close to 4 million Syrian refugees in Egypt, Iraq, Jordan, Lebanon and Turkey). Furthermore, in at least one famous case, people who died trying to reach Europe had been refused resettlement before. 

Also, it's an open secret that EU circles and many EU countries do not like the Orbán government very much and do not consider it a reliable partner. It has always been a bit unpredictable. 

By contrast, ludicrous asylum applications from people who come from safe countries – of which there are many – aren't such a big problem. It takes a bit of time and money but you can ultimately reject the application and deport the person back to her country of origin. Not so with Syria, which is presently unsafe and uncooperative. 

Freedom of movement for workers. At first sight, it might not seem to be of direct concern to you as a British citizen but this is really another facet of the single market. As such, it's also part of what makes the country attractive and more generally makes the UK economy more efficient. 

Legally, the main source for all this is called “Act concerning the election of the Members of the European Parliament by direct universal suffrage (20 September 1976)” or simply “Act of 20 September 1976”. But as I explained it does not harmonize the rules and refers to “national provisions” in several places. 

Editing to add: this report suggests the chief of the police in Vienna did indicate they would allow this particular train to continue its journey, which contradicts my initial guess. 

Furthermore, many of the people in question really do have a genuine claim at asylum. That's exactly why European countries don't want them in the first place and try to offload the problem to each other through the Dublin system. Because once you let genuine refugees lodge an application, there is a decent chance you will have to grant them the status because they really do meet the requirements. 

So maybe Hungary is trying to treat that one by the book, registering and processing asylum seekers who entered the Schengen area through its territory, as envisioned by the Dublin system, to show its EU partners it's doing everything it can but that it's impossible (the refugees themselves apparently have no intention to comply) and/or confront them with a situation they cannot tolerate because trains going to a “camp” just look very ugly in Europe (but that's a wild guess obviously). 

When a Romanian citizen shows up at a Schengen external border, he or she only needs to show his ID and would be let through without any question or further control, except perhaps a database check (article 7(2) of the Schengen Borders Code). Their ID should be checked but that's to establish that they are in fact who they say they are and therefore covered by the EU freedom of movement. Beyond that, border guards have very little discretion in this case. 

The Parliament also has to approve most (but not all) changes to secondary law. It is elected directly by citizens in each EU country during the same week (because the exact modalities of the election differ from one country to the next and countries traditionally vote on a different day of the week). It gradually took on a larger role in the legislative process, in an attempt to make the EU more “democratic” but still works very differently than a national parliament. The European Council (it's not the same thing as the Council of the European Union; when EU insiders speak about “the Council”, they usually mean the latter) groups all EU head of states or government. It sets the general direction, drives any revision of the treaties and frequently steps in in times of crisis (it meets at least 4-5 times a year). The European Court of Justice has an important role in infringement proceedings and in guiding national courts in their implementation of EU law. It also regularly hears cases brought by one EU institution against another one regarding their respective responsibilities and which procedure is applicable. The European Central Bank obviously has an important role when it comes to the common currency but Eurozone governance would warrant a separate Q&A in itself. Revising the treaties There are several procedures to revise the treaties but without getting into too much detail, it should be noted that this process is firmly in the hands of the member states. The process is driven by the European Council (the meeting for all heads of state or government) and often requires an intergovernmental conference.