However, an 8yo is greatly different. An 8yo has a much broader understanding of the world, social expectations and contracts placed upon them, and should understand specific definitions of Right and Wrong. A 4yo barely understands that other people can have ownership of things, too. An 8yo can understand the lesson in Cars (basic respect towards other people) that isn't explicitly spelled out in skywriting. But again: your kids. What works for me may (probably) not work for you. 

2) Detail the situation. What I've done is gotten down on their level, holding them tight by the side so they can't get away. This is generally an age where you can have a reasonable conversation. They can remember to bring papers home from school (or daycare or even home-care). They can follow the basic "rules of the road" at school, can likely recite to you why they follow the rules and then tell you want will happen if they don't. In other words, they are familiar with consequences and I think a child this age is ready to link responsibility to those consequences. So What I'm hearing is this: the only time the ex is a parent is when the Significant Other acts, or doesnt, based on what he's afraid the ex might do. You have offered an apology, but you aren't the guilty party. Your son did the damage to the fellow he spit on. His parents hurt for their son. What you feel is probably exponentially more than anyone else. 

You asked for advice on what to do assuming he cheated. If you suspect he did, then please have a long talk with him. Tell him character is more important than grades, and that you love him for his character - who he is - and not for how he does in school. Tell him effort, even if it doesn't meet with success, is more important in the long run than good grades. Make sure you praise effort, honesty and character, not outcome. Let him feel safe in telling you why he cheated. Start treatment in an outpatient setting. (You might benefit from some help as well, on how to best deal with the child's behavior, setting realistic boundaries and consequences, negotiating contracts, etc., so that you don't lose hope/feel at your wit's end.) 

You have an 8 yr. old and a 4 yr. old. In children these ages (esp. the younger child), removing tv for week is an ineffective way to discipline, because the discipline is not tied immediately to the action that provoked it. Response to an unacceptable behavior is most effective when it's immediate and consistent. Also, your discipline seems to have consequences not directly related to their behavior: it consists mainly of taking things away, instead of teaching them better behavior patterns. This method is usually called punishment. The goal of punishment is to inhibit unacceptable behavior. The goal of discipline is to help a child change impulsive, random behavior into controlled, purposeful behavior.[1] Although this is extremely common (especially when tired or stressed), equating discipline only with punishment diminishes both the parent and the child: the parent feels lack of control and confidence, and the opportunity for the child to learn good choices and the self-esteem that comes with them is lacking. 

This is generally an age where you can have a reasonable conversation. They can remember to bring papers home from school (or daycare or even home-care). They can follow the basic "rules of the road" at school, can likely recite to you why they follow the rules and then tell you want will happen if they don't. In other words, they are familiar with consequences and I think a child this age is ready to link responsibility to those consequences. 

Just to reiterate, these are the things that worked for me. Your mileage may vary, but you asked for ideas and I'm just doing my job around this forum by bringing my own experience into the mix. I know that somebody is going to downvote me for going off topic, but screw it... The relationship with both the ex and the kid is all kinda tangled in there together. If you downvote this post, don't be a wuss about it... put in a comment. Bottom line: You have to change the atmosphere. Hard. Even if you don't do what I've outlined here, some kind of a dramatic change is needed and she's got to know, very clearly, those things that are unacceptable and that mommy (the ex) isn't going to save her from punishments at your house. As For the daughter... (to both of you) Signs of bullying? No. But it is a sign that she's pushing as far as you'll let her get away with it. 

So when you say "Bring it." you're doing a couple things