So the truth value is set outside the individual, irrelevant of experience. It may not yet be 'synthesized' by exposure to the stimuli that make it relevant. But it is already formed, or it would ultimately vary between individuals. 

the experiences of continuity and separability of moments we experience as time (a la Brouwer's analysis in Intuitionism) which: 

Kant's rules, in general, don't take the full detail of any situation under consideration, they only consider categorical rules. If the specifics of a situation cause a difficulty applying the rule, the rule is probably wrong -- it is supposed to be universal, after all, and the person presenting the difficulty would reject universalizing the rule. In such a case, there probably is not a most moral way to act, and that is fine. Duty does not dictate every action in complete detail. It leaves as much leeway to your own autonomy as you would universally accept. 

One way of looking at the goals in that negotiation are these: 

So I would say that our model of space is as inborn as our model of color, and that Euclidean space is the model we project. But it is evolved, and it can continue to evolve, if a better model eventually really offers breeding advantages. 

A Platonist or someone like Berkeley might think that the patterns of causation we see are part of our mental world because the mind builds the world and imposes various forms of expectation upon it. To some, this implies the physical world is a little less than real. 

Unwinding your objection to the Big Bang theory -- the weakest point is that it assumes that time is uniform in a very strong sense. It gets into big trouble if you follow the history of expansion back to when space would have to move objects apart faster than the speed of light in order to expand quickly enough. So, you can toss out the uniformity of time, but then the rationale behind continuously extrapolationing time back across trillions of years gets a little questionable. Why shouldn't time have changed again and again? 

Newton had already a century or so of other thinkers inspired by Galileo before he proposed a single unifying law in a mathematical form that would explain both equally well. This included Kepler, who solved the primary problem Galileo's astronomy introduced -- that circular orbits do not capture most of the subtleties of planetary motion, but elliptical ones do. 

Whitehead in "Science and the Modern World" seems to think that from Thales on, almost everyone presumed that physical laws were uniform throughout the universe. He thinks that this notion of trustworthy uniformity is somewhat characteristic of the West, reflected in Greek drama and Roman Law, and is a sort of shared para-religious impulse behind the nature of our science. 

This includes two deeply shared core sets of intuitions: 

I don't see the disconnection needed to make this a non-sequitur. The Copernican Principle is properly applied here, and if anything, too healthy. (From a Nietzsche angle, in rejecting the deductions of our slave-morality religion: that we are all equally special and masters are evil cheaters; we have taken up an even more slave-morality position on specialness: that we are not worthy -- we do not deserve it, but someone must.) 

It was Galileo who first seriously suggested we remove the distinction created by Aristotle between two realms with distinctly different physics. 

--- Here is a whole different framing for this argument, focussed on the questions raised in the comments. It is the same argument, just much, much pickier. 

(There are still weaknesses here. We have not chosen explicitly not to address the case of lying by omission, but we have firm agreement that applies to our case. To deal with lying by omission, we can come up with an independent maxim for when one is obligated to intervene in someone else's error. Then, if one is not obligated to intervene, then remaining silent is moral, even when it is dishonest.) 

That makes Plato's and Aristotle's notion of two separate realms kind of an aberration, that was eventually ironed out. 

But basically, there is a continuum of wavelengths, and different animals have evolved different peak sensors that fit their more specific goals. Dogs see mostly blue and a very fine gradation of browns and tans -- presumably because water (which reflects the sky) is important, and so is the exact marking of various forms of small animal fur... 

To play with expectations, with those motivations, is not universalizable. Knowingly disturbing people only for the sake of your own ego, or to improve some abstract process, is treating them as mere means. Especially because the people you are most likely to disturb are those who will not value the disruption, even if it does, in the end, improve their lives, or at least those of their progeny. 

(I have to say that JohnAm is totally correct, just a bit too compact. So I am going to lean in the opposite direction and oversimplify.) 

I do not think that universalizing a maxim is a deterministic process, it is more of a negotiation with yourself and the logic of the maxim. The same intuition can take the form of several different maxims. But Kant theorizes that the cohesive nature of intelligence and the limitations of the human will are going to make them agree in principle. (That is a huge assumption, which requires an almost religious level of faith to accept, even after thousands of pages of argumentation. Fortunately for Kant, he was already religious.)