Actually, this axiom in an indirect way was the cause of one of Feynmans 'jokes' on his mathematical friends where he pointed out to them that one of their theorems they were getting excited about (the Banach-Tarski Paradox) couldn't be true, he traced it to their use of infinite divisibility, saying this was physically impossible; in fact, he was stricter, saying that you can make a large number of cuts but not an arbitrarily high one, never mind a completed infinity of cuts. Is a better characterisation of Gödels incompleteness theorem, in mathematical terms at least, is that there are undecidable statements in a sufficiently powerful proof system (can at least prove the theorems of PA)? A specific example may show what I mean by this explicitly: Take the simplest mathematical operation we can think of, that of addition. Originally this was defined with respect to the integers, and it was seen that they followed certain rules (ie existence of identity & the associative law). Notice also to add two integers together we don't need the assistance of a third, its solely defined in terms of the two integers we have at hand. I think one needs to get away from the idea that not having correct foundations means that all of mathematics suffers. Obviously Newton for example was able to reason with calculus even though his theory wasn't foundationally established, similarly with Euclids plane geometry. In a sense different areas of mathematics have their own ontology, their own way of making meaning. Hilberts programme was a reductionist one which aimed at a very pure single ontological level. All this so far is category theory done in dimension 1. In higher dimensions other features appear. In infinite dimensions homology & cohomology have a natural context within which hundreds of such theories are specialised versions. Now when one looks at an infinite topos its internal logic is homotopy type theory which has been identified as per-lofs intuitionistic type theory. A concerted effort is under way led by Voedvodsky & Awodey to understand this in a foundational manner. It was Everetts aim to retrieve this deterministic & real character for the then new Quantum Mechanics. He posited then every collapse engenders a new universe. Thus a possibility is no longer a possibility but another dimension of reality. This seems a rather high cost for determinism and realism.