Edit: @Tracey Cramer made the comment below, "How you wear the uniform (sloppy, neat), how you accessorize the uniform, how you perform in class is how you express your uniqueness". I really liked this statement and felt it deserved more recognition than just a comment. I am no parent but just a thought, is it easier getting younger children dressed when you only have a few simple options to choose from? You seem concerned your 5 yro won't be able to express their individuality. I'd like to argue that uniforms could do the opposite. I wore a school uniform (very similar to what you describe) from ages 10 - 17. There were some benefits to it such as not having to waste time figuring out what to wear and not feeling "judged" by my choice of outfit. Uniforms encourage you to express your individuality beyond your physical appearance. Since everyone looks the "same" you have to stand out some other way. You learn to be more expressive with your personality and what you say than with your t-shirt. Accessories became important as well. There is still the desire to look different so bold earrings, headbands, jewelry, shoes, etc. are great. Written English is not a Phonetic language; you need to understand that before you go any further. As a result, while phonics are a useful aid to beginners in reading/comprehension, they will always be imperfect just like any shortcut. If you look at the etymological breakdown of English, it contains words which we can mostly trace back about equally to either a Latin, Greek or Germanic root (there are a few others as well, but those three account for over 75% of English words.) Because Written English is not an alphabetised phonetic language each imported word retains many of the spelling rules from it's parent language. In the 1960's an alternative system was trialled in British schools called Initial Teaching Alphabet (ITA) and it was used to teach children up to age-7. The idea was that as children became fluent that they could read clearly and could learn the correct spellings later when they had more confidence. While this worked for some children, for the most part they didn't and there are many adults now who find spelling incredibly difficult. The way they were taught tells them that it's okay to hurt people if you're doing it for good. But under it all, they are just normal people, just like us, who've been taught to be bullies - they want us to live their way and do what they say even when we don't agree or we think what they do is wrong. It's just that being grown-ups it means that when they hurt people they use more dangerous things like bombs and guns.