I should note, witchcraft as contraception is not completely bogus opinion. Spiritual blindness can only be cured by supernatural means. And spiritual means come in two packages, Actual and Sanctifying Grace. Actual Grace, being the grace to get up and do good works and Sanctifying Grace being the grace freely given by Jesus' sacrifice on the Cross. also worth noting, from the footnotes of the New American Bible "He has sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim freedom for the captives and release from darkness for the prisoners," Is was Jesus himself says about Himself in the Synagogue. Jesus would be the one who lifts the scales off our eyes by rubbing mud He made from His spit in them. And what does the fella see who has his eyes opened? People who kinda look like trees... Well, that may be what the people were, they are blind like he was blind, but their blindness is spiritual blindness that comes from within. so, I don't really understand what that means, it could be that Isaiah and Jesus are just echoing the reality of the situation. As if to say, "this is actually how you are and I am very sorry for your children's sake".))) Each and every miracle that Jesus performed, including numerous other phenomenons that surrounded Him (His birth, transfiguration etc.) were not ordinary but were all greatest supernatural events. Regardless of this, we find that some of these events are not mentioned in all the Gospels. Why it is not found elsewhere in New Testament and why only one-line mention for this event? So is the message of Gospel compared to works of other great thinkers and philosophers. It is in simple words and parables yet it is a goldmine full of wisdom and is understandable even to unlearned and lowly. It has the power to change the face of the world and it did. It has the power to win the wisest and make their wisdom appear to be foolish. He was a man. He needed to be a human in order to bear the sins of people. He needed to be God in order to offer a sacrifice to God the Father sufficient to cleanse us of our sins. No mere man could do this. But the fact is, Jesus was one person -- and still is. Jesus was both God and man at the same time in the form of a single person. It is, therefore, not surprising that Christ did what every God-fearing person is supposed to do, namely pray to God. I should note, witchcraft as contraception is not completely bogus opinion. Spiritual blindness can only be cured by supernatural means. And spiritual means come in two packages, Actual and Sanctifying Grace. Actual Grace, being the grace to get up and do good works and Sanctifying Grace being the grace freely given by Jesus' sacrifice on the Cross. If you'll excuse what may be faulty parallelism, you might see that one of the more ancient prophecies about Christ is right next to the denouncement of "those who engage in witchcraft" And now, if you'll bear with me, I'll attempt to connect the dots in my brain and you can tell me if it makes sense not. Grace is the thing God gives us, our souls are what perceive it, if our souls are blind (like the tree people or the folks in Isaiah) then we cannot perceive it. If, on the other hand, we are made to perceive it (or rather forced to perceive it, because we are already made to perceive it) then God has done the thing he doesn't do. He takes away our freewill and thereby diminishes our innate capacity to love Him to the fullest (which Jesus says is the greatest commandment). It wouldn't be the greatest commandment if it were merely a command performed by a magician "look into my eyes, you must love God with all your heart, with all your soul etc.)" that wouldn't be freewill and it wouldn't be love, it wouldn't be sacrificial or grace filled or even good. So, for some, it is dangerous to make them come forcibly into the light of God's glory, according to Moses, most folks would die if they tried. Each and every miracle that Jesus performed, including numerous other phenomenons that surrounded Him (His birth, transfiguration etc.) were not ordinary but were all greatest supernatural events. Regardless of this, we find that some of these events are not mentioned in all the Gospels. God prepared Jewish people throughout their history and moulded them according to His requirement so that they become ready for accepting His Saviour for all the mankind. Even then many of His chosen people failed to recognise Jesus as promised Saviour. There is no biblical support or any evidence that Jesus left the land of His birth at any time, leave aside the speculation that He was in India before beginning His ministry in Israel. From the time when Jesus lived, it is unreasonable to expect to have each and every details account of any person, like we can have it today on any medium. Of the four Gospel accounts, only two mention the birth of Jesus (Matthew and Luke), and only one (Luke) mentions anything about Jesus' life prior to His beginning His three-year ministry in Israel. From above we can say that the mother of James and Joseph must be the wife of Clopas. As James is described as son of Alphaeus also at other place in Bible, Clopas and Alphaeus are probably the same person, since Aramaic name for Alphaeus could be rendered in Greek either as Alphaeus or Clopas. So probably James the younger is the son of Mary and Clopas and who is taken as brother of Joseph the Husband of Mary. 