In a little more detail, player C can only win a multiple of his total staked amount ($9), thus the $27 main pot, or 3 players in that pot for $9 each. Players A & B can win the main pot and the side pot, where the side pot consists of the extra money staked above what the lowest amount staked was (i.e. above $9). Player A only has to match this extra amount of $1 (i.e. difference between what player B & C staked), thus 2 players in the side pot totaling $2. 

With regard to your image, how aggressive you are, and your likely range should (but not always, depending on opponent adjustments) dramatically alter how profitable you are pre- and post-flop with PP's. Depending on the players left to act, opening from EP and MP with small PP's (22-66) will be more difficult when you have aggressive, shortstacked or combinations of those types of players behind, as they can price you out of your implied odds. As for the side pot issue, player A is involved in ALL pots as his bet covers everyone. That said, in your example: Tight-Weak opponents will play a range that will give you lots of action with overpairs, TPTK and strong draw type hands, or just give up very easily vs mild aggression the times when you have air or marginal equity and they have the same. Loose-Aggressive opponents will play a range that is wide and weak that will commonly bluff repeatedly and also allow you to get greater value with your marginal hands, the times when you don't have a set. They'll also react aggressively when you bet into them. Both are typically what you'd consider good IO situations. The middle ground between these extremes is more difficult to navigate as you'll often (~7.5 to 1 against flopping a set!) not have much equity and will commonly lose at showdown if you get there. On the whole, choosing an agressive strategy (prediminantly betting & raising vs. calling) is vastly superior to a passive one considering the most common poker situations you'll be confronted with these days. It's a good place to start. You'll certainly need to progress from this point though. 

I'd bet $55 on the flop, $130 on the turn. That said, if he is as aggressive as you state, has a wide a range as you perceive and doesn't like to let a betting opportunity go by then, given the vulnerability of your hand and it's likelihood to improve, check calling three streets (providing you don't spike a set) is a reasonable line IMO. 

Sometimes calling, sometimes raising, sometimes folding, depending on your opponents tendencies is best. How you balance those actions, giving preference to any one of them at any time, is what adjusting strategically is about. Your opponents aggression, positional awareness, and table dynamics will all guide your decision here. 

Using PP's solely to flop sets isn't a winning strategy. If your level of post-flop skill is such that flopping sets is how you plan to make money with PP's then it's likely that you'll be missing a ton of value, if not losing with them. That said, these will be some of your most profitable hands if played correctly, shorthanded or full ring. To that end, improving your hand-reading will help you play those PP's best when you only have one pair, a draw or thin value to bet with instead of the monsters that you're already comfortable with. around ~7.5 to 1 or ~11.8%. That is... 

As a starting point, your odds of hitting a set on the flop with a pocket pair is After all bets are matched, player A still has $1 behind which is not in play (i.e cannot be lost or won with), and players B & C are All-In. (note: I'll stick to talking about open-betting pre-flop and not cold-calling which leads to similar post-flop situations, but infers different ranges for all players involved. Also, I consider small PP's 22-88; mid PP's 99-TT; and big PP's to be JJ-AA. JJ is a special case. Closer to being a mid PP IMO, as I find it's commonly misplayed and is often better considered more like 88, 99, TT than it is QQ, KK, and AA.) As for pot odds it's a mute point. That's a relative assumption based on range reading, as to whether it's good value or not. Unless you can put him on a range, you can't judge the pot odds correctly. Like I said though, lack of a solid read makes it guesswork. I doubt any answer you get here will satisfy what good players will understand as solid poker theory.