So, find a way down to the level you want to work at and make one tiny section of your walkway. You can use sand or dig some nice stairs since you'll probably want to start above the water level. When you have your first section, place two doors and then block off the top two blocks: 

Last I heard, Notch was actually including some of these optimizations into Minecraft proper. 

After you finish a section and place your new doors, removing the water blocks from this section with sand is easy as it's only 4x3x2 and you only have to place two sand blocks per column (n-1 of the walkway height) to clear out all the water. At this point, you can remove the old double doors (and glass padding on top) behind you and repeat from the set in front of you. To conclude; build using this method for the following benefits: 

OptiFine (Minecraft Forum Link) reworks a number of rendering details to improve Minecraft performance (+20fps). Many people go crazy about it on the forum, others say that it just doesn't work so YMMV. 

The water won't flow through the doors, so you can peek out to the other side and place two ground blocks, then build around with glass and duck back into the doors for a breath. I generally do this for four blocks at a time before placing another set of doors. Here's an artificially brightened shot of a half-built section of tunnel. You can see the doors and the air behind them, and two slices of tunnel with floor and glass placed already. Edit: Clearly this answer is completely outdated. The probability of finding "at least one diamond ore" now becomes around 99.6%. However, remember that a pickaxe requires 3 diamond ore, not just 1. Your probability of getting 3 ore is much lower than your probability of getting 1 ore. You might find enough for another pickaxe almost every time, but eventually you will run out of diamonds. In minecraft, there is no real maximum momentum. Your speed is capped, but your momentum is not. As you continue boost the same minecart, it will not get any faster, but it will continue to gain momentum. This increased momentum will allow it continue going at the maximum speed for a longer time before you need another booster or downward slope to continue. 

However, if you increase the momentum of a minecart too much, the game is prone to crash, so you have to be careful when doing this as well. Reaching maximum speed can be done with an extremely short booster, but the length of the booster will still affect how far you are able to go because a longer booster will result in more momentum. So maybe you'll get lucky and sustain yourself. But that's pretty unlikely. You're better off just using stone or iron pickaxes. 

A slight work around, that would probably be better as it will turn of mobs but keep health regen off, would be to run the game on a server. You would not need a spare computer as you can run it off the same PC as the game. All you need to do is change: 

In the server's server.properties file. If you are worried about them purposely changing it back you can lock the file to admin access, although if you do this they will not be able to change map. If you saw this texture then you would be facing North. This can help you keep orientation if you know which way you are suposed to be heading. But using this set-up (the painting is a piston) and repeatedly turning on and off the redstone, the glowstone block will move upwards, if pistons have a limit of how much they can push, it will eventually stop. And there is the case of lots of cobblestone as a by-product. 

Regardless of the first part, chests cannot be moved with pistons. If you place cobblestone on the floor and look at the top, you should be able to see a L-shape (only with the original texture pack.) If the L is the correct orientation you are facing North