Perhaps logic should be a branch of psychology or cognitive science. But, traditionally, it isn't. We would like to imagine that the built-in human language processing system can be approached entirely from within itself: that it is not tied to our bodies, or even our temporal existence. So we have made three very different things out of the study of words: logic, linguistics, and philology, in increasing order of the degree to which they admit psychology matters. Nietzsche does a really good job of carefully describing positive moods: cheerfulness, gaiety, joy, clarity, excitement, contentment, happiness, ecstasy, etc. consistently enough that we realize they come in so many flavors that are well and truly distinct. So the culture as a whole gives us the tools to see this. But most of us seem to have a refined palette of negative feelings and a few strong positive ones, and they label only one or two of those as happiness, and pursue mainly that one. (This is one way of looking at the classical alchemy of humors: your balance of humors harmonizes with certain emotional states, that chooses what you consider happiness, and that defines your character for life. It is true enough in practice that it seemed like the best force of nature on which to base medicine for centuries. The precursor of Jung's theory of functions is the other way.) To inform means that the information is being added, transmitted, acquired, etc. to form the mind. The 'in' is a direction, and information, therefore, has a dynamic quality. But in its modern sense, information does not have to go into a mind, it can go into a repository of data. One route into this is through Hegelian pantheism. The universe is a compromise between matter and its interpretation. Mind and matter are coterminal aspects of the same universe, and their inability to truly combine is what guides the evolution of everything. And even if subconscious content is taken to pump up the volume of what is mind, the few well-articulated forms (starting from the various forms of psychoanalysis, but also including cognitive-behaviorism and other models) all do so by presuming a separate layer of mind that we share with animals or a layer of the mind that is shared between humans. Few absolute mind/body dualists want the idea of mind distributed around the biological tree or attributed to groups and cultures. It makes for a muddy wake of confusing issues around what kind of things do and do not think. This does not help arguments that start from looking inward, as most dualist philosophies have. If 'mind' is not primarily a human aspect, it would make just as much sense to look into the behavior of a dog, or of an army, as of a man. It would give the process some objectivity and perspective. To see how adding fear does not help, look at torture. We know from studies of torture that additional fear or pain motivates one to give information, but it primarily motivates lying. If someone will give you truthful information under duress, they would generally have given it to you without the use of violence. No, injecting the social position skips over those theories to a place of greater relativism. If qualia are socially negotiated like values, then you do not need the notion of a functional state -- first person experience is a representation back to yourself of your interpretation of your experience through the social medium of storytelling. (That is why it takes time. A functional state should be achieved instantaneously, and conscious experience does not seem to be so.) Realisation, rather than emergence denies there are two different things, or considers it irrelevant. So realisation physicalism asserts that everything really is physical (even mental states and idealisations like mathematical concepts) and that the separations we make between basic physical phenomena and emergent phenomena are arbitrary conceptual simplifications that we don't really need. In particular this eliminates the idea that the 'layers' of reality happen at relevant modal points (e.g. it indicates that the distinction between psychology and neurology is an arbitrary choice, and not a natural fact.) Monogamy is also shaped differently for the two genders in a way that is destructive to psychological order. We have a prejudice that female traits are 'better', because we have allowed women to be the primary shapers of children's morality. This impairs men morally by implying that morality is something inculcated by the 'other', rather than a natural internal process. In particular, it makes us adopt standards like monogamy, but also to defensively amplify them. Even women are nowhere near as naturally monogamous as the structures of most cultures presume. The result is a ludicrous amplification of jealousy in men, who are taught that they are giving up their natural feelings for something better, and then feel betrayed when this investment does not pay off. So, the problem remains unsolved, and it is hard to imagine better applications of violence that have not been ruled out by what we already know about how people naturally react to being controlled with violence. (We know a lot. We have been doing it for a long time.) But the LoT insists that the thought should come first and that the belief itself must be made of something linguistic. These seem to stake out a vague borderland in the middle of which falls something like breathing, as something we can control at will, but usually don't, never learned or decided much about, and almost never notice. When we wait "with 'bated breath", we have made an unconscious decision not to breathe right then. But is that an element of our 'mental state'? First of all, if copying is really involved, why assume the original is destroyed? Instead, assume both survive. It should not change the logic at all.