And he finds that he does have, after all, a natural inclination, an unrelenting curiosity about his own motives and reasons, that brings him back again and again to philosophy. 

This brings Hume to wonder, why does he keep philosophising at all. What in it is worth the self-inflicted misery? One memorable case of a great philosopher's rest is David Hume's account in the Treatise of Human Nature. Hume complains that his deeply skeptical conclusions cause him misery. 

Luckily for his mental health and sanity, when he takes a break from philosophy, nature herself resuscitates him. Another motive force is his fear from superstition, to which reason and philosophy are the best antidotes. Even a mistaken philosophy is safer than superstition. 

The distinction between appearance and reality is extremely ancient, much before written history. Any myth, any form of religion and world-view, is inherently bound with a distinction between appearance and reality. 

Philosophy itself is often said to have been born out of ancient myth. The distinction between appearance and reality has been a constitutive part of philosophy, and right from the start. The earliest known philosopher in the West, Thales of Miletus (c. 600 BC) is reported to have theorized that "Water constituted (ὑπεστήσατο, 'stood under') the principle of all things". By that he is believed to have meant, that although there appear to be many unrelated things, and many unrelated events, in reality there is one principle, one ground, one explanation behind it all, and that one principle is identical with what we think of as water. And then there are shooting "stars", which are transient and changing. Yes, they are "sublunary", of course. But how could Aristotle have known this? 

Was there some criticism of the "aether theory" along those lines by Aristotle's contemporaries? Did Aristotle try to give justifications how this counter-evidence is reconcilable with his theory? 

How did Aristotle explain that the lunar maria are darker than the highlands if the whole moon is made from aether? How can an object made out of this perfect material have such blemishes? But there is some counter-evidence to this theory that can be gained by unaided observations of the night sky. 

Finally, there are variable stars (stars whose brightness as seen from Earth changes, an extreme example would be a supernova). As stars they would have been located in the outermost celestial sphere, and so clearly made out of aether. There is some evidence that variable stars were observed in 1200 BCE by Egyptian astronomers. Visible comets are not "sublunary" and while they have regular orbits (but with very long periods), there is no such cyclical change in brightness (as observed with the Moon). 

For Aristotle, the so-called sublunary sphere consists of the classical four elements, fire-water-earth-air. It is the realm of ever-changing things in contrast to the part of the universe which begins with the moon and stretches to the fixed stars and in which everything is made from the fifth element, the quintessence or aether, and so is incorruptible and eternal, never deviating from its regular and periodic motion. 

And he finds that he does have, after all, a natural inclination, an unrelenting curiosity about his own motives and reasons, that brings him back again and again to philosophy. One memorable case of a great philosopher's rest is David Hume's account in the Treatise of Human Nature. Hume complains that his deeply skeptical conclusions cause him misery. 

Another motive force is his fear from superstition, to which reason and philosophy are the best antidotes. Even a mistaken philosophy is safer than superstition. 

Philosophy itself is often said to have been born out of ancient myth. The distinction between appearance and reality has been a constitutive part of philosophy, and right from the start. The earliest known philosopher in the West, Thales of Miletus (c. 600 BC) is reported to have theorized that "Water constituted (ὑπεστήσατο, 'stood under') the principle of all things". By that he is believed to have meant, that although there appear to be many unrelated things, and many unrelated events, in reality there is one principle, one ground, one explanation behind it all, and that one principle is identical with what we think of as water. 

Luckily for his mental health and sanity, when he takes a break from philosophy, nature herself resuscitates him. The distinction between appearance and reality is extremely ancient, much before written history. Any myth, any form of religion and world-view, is inherently bound with a distinction between appearance and reality.