Legal matters In many places in the world, video surveillance is only allowed (legal) when the observed people are informed in advance. If you do inform the nanny, she might deliberately move off-camera. If you illegally monitor but don't inform, then using that evidence might get you more trouble than it's worth. 

My experience tells me you should both speak your native tongue at home, and you can throw in some English along the way just for variety. 

I put your question to my physiotherapist wife. Her answer, based on infant anatomy, is that both slings and baby carriers can be used if the baby is adequately supported. That means, specifically: 

I've been camping with a small toddler, and that worked reasonably well. The biggest problem was that he moved around a lot while he slept, so we had to be inventive to keep something soft under him. 

Kids mimic whatever they see. They want to do whatever it is you're doing, especially if it looks like you're enjoying it. If they see you touching a device a lot (smartphone, laptop, drill press -- whatever gadget or machine it happens to be), they want to do the same. And they're not old enough to understand what "daddy has to work" means, or even what "work" is, and why they can't touch your machine at the same time. 

Working from home and looking after a baby, I realize that you can't follow that rule. But you will have to separate play and fun because frankly, if you are supposed to be working for your employer and you're taking care of a baby at the same time, then your employer isn't getting his money's worth from you. So that's where I'd look for solutions first -- are you working, or are you babysitting? 

Either I play with my son, or with electronics. Not both at the same time. Because I've seen other parents' smartphones ruined because their toddlers used them as cars on a tile floor, we've always had a totally solid house rule that "electronics aren't kids' toys", so with my first son, I quickly learned to tuck away my smartphone when he was near. 

At the age of 3 months, regular eating/feeding patterns often haven't developed yet, so you can expect this to change again in the coming months. It is extremely rare that children have eating disabilities so unless you have a reason to suspect trouble, you should rely on the baby to tell you when he's hungry. 

So at least I can confirm from my own experience that Dunstan is right about two things: the baby can communicate distinctly, and these distinctions wear off over time. I wish my son would keep up the distinctions because we've wondered many times since then what he wants. 

That would give us 1x kids' bedroom and 1x kids' play room, and we somehow think/hope/feel that this is better than each one having his own combined play/bedroom. 

I'd say that these factors are relevant to consider: 

Some carrier models have a fairly narrow part between the legs. This allows the legs to dangle more or less straight down, and also allows the baby to be carried face-forward. These models should be avoided, because there is a measurable risk (citation needed!) of problems with the hip joint. The reason is that infants' hips are not fully developed, that only happens during the first year. By letting the legs dangle, you're effectively pulling the thigh bone out of the hip joint, and this is what can lead to physiological problems during childhood and adulthood. 

My own experiences don't really apply because both my wife and I have a twin brother (joke: ...but not the same one, haha) and we shared a bedroom for the first number of years. I don't know what factors are relevant for different-aged kids. 

What you're seeing is probably the fact that the eyesight is not fully developed at birth, because proper eyesight as we know it takes several months to develop.