The two are not contradictory at all. The common understanding is that Jesus is unique and the only begotten son of God. The rest of us are heirs to God - children of God via adoption. 

33 So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors. This is covered in much greater detail at Let Us Reason Ministries. 48 But and if that evil servant shall say in his heart, My lord delayeth his coming; 

37 But as the days of Noah were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be. 13 But if there be no resurrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen: Think of it this way... We are all going to die some time, so would it be cynical to eat right and exercise knowing that in the end we will still die? Of course not. 

12 And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold. And most denominations that I am aware of state that Heresy is a sin. 

And the Priestly title? His work as Priest, at least as far as sacrifice is concerned, is finished, but He still retains the title, because it describes an aspect of who He is. The author of the passage above was showing that Jesus was greater than any other High Priest. But it is never applied in this sense to Christ, for He is not a created son of God (as the Jehovah's Witnesses and other cultists teach), but a begotten Son of God--in fact, the only begotten Son of God. He never had a beginning, for He was there in the beginning (John 1:1). In His prayer to the Father in the upper room, He spoke of "the glory which I had with thee before the world was" (John 17:5). 

According to John Darbys Synopsis of the New Testament, these men were non-Christians, who attempted to use the name of Christ as a sort if magic word. This is also famously covered in C.S. Lewis's Trilemma But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart. 

Jesus affirmed the historical existence of Jonah (Matt. 12:40), Noah (Matt. 24:37-38), and Adam and Eve (Matt. 19:4-6). 10 And then shall many be offended, and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another. 

8 All these are the beginning of sorrows. 49 And shall begin to smite his fellowservants, and to eat and drink with the drunken;