The primary road block in the path of any monolithic group of angry [group] enacting [oppressive] goals: these United States are a Republic, not a Democracy. Inasmuch a democracy is the tyranny of the majority, a republic restrains the will of the majority through a set of restrictive laws intended to limit government power. 

On the 'right to disqualify,' they can't. They are just calling his character into question giving his prejudicial statements. The administration however, through Josh Earnest, is free to discredit or judge Trumps statements publicly. There is a legitimate concern that his expressed desire of keeping out all muslims can be used as a propaganda or recruiting device. However, the shortcoming of that concern is that there is already a stated intention to kill us; hiding from that reality just leaves these United States unprepared to provide a defense. The last condition, where the populace surrenders and abdicates their individuals freedoms, is the most threatening because we can see indications that it is already happening. Look at the expanse of the Federal government beyond the confines of the Constitution, how it inserts itself into matters beyond its powers, and people accept it because "general welfare," an illusion of security, or personal gain. 

Most of the 'unConstitutional' determinations about Trumps statements are based on an obtuse expansion of his statements beyond what he said. In referencing actions taken by FDR to limit the immigration of Germans, Italians, and Japanese, he opened himself up to a connection to the Japanese internment. Past that, there are current Treaties and other associated agreements between these US and other nations regarding immigration policies. It would take an act of Congress, adjusting legislation, to modify who is allowed into these United States. 

Despite all indications to the contrary, to include the corruptibility of man, obnoxious weight of special interests, and more, these United States were built as a Republic, with a limited government that gains power from the populace. The premise of your question was faulty prior to the edit; the Constitution protects the rights of every individual within the jurisdiction of these United States from infringement by the Federal, State, and Local Governments. There is not a prerequisite that an individual be a citizen to have their rights protected, though there may be a few more hoops for them to go through to exercise those rights. Yes, there are certain rights that are restricted to citizens, like voting. 

Andrew Johnson was impeached, but the Senate failed to convict by 1 vote. Bill Clinton was impeached, but the Senate failed even to muster a majority. It should also be noted that the House was about to bring articles of impeachment against Richard Nixon, but Nixon resigned first. 

Coning money is a different beast altogether than issuing currency. When you coin money, you are declaring a fixed price for the quantity of the material coined. A gold dollar, for example, is declared by the government to be of a fixed quantity regardless of which one you have. (The ridges on a quarter, for example, are there to prevent you from shaving off the material in question.) Were individual states allowed to coin their own money, there could be a variance between say, a Virginia Dollar and a New York Dollar. Even if only in a fractional ounce worth of gold, that variation would have led to confusion. It is thus the equivalent of establishing "standard weights and measures," also reserved to the Congress. Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or Profit under the United States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according to Law. The relevant pieces of the document are: 

Citizen-Specific First, it is true that some Constitutional provisions only apply to U.S. citizens. This includes the right to run for office, as well as protection from discrimination in the voting process. You can read the debate on this bill on the Library of Congress website starting here. No roll-call vote was taken, but the amendment passed through a committee of the whole by a vote of 27 - 22. Below I have summarized the House debate at this time (as far as the record shows): James Jackson James Jackson was one of the central opponents of both the bill of rights and amendment 1. His argument here is that it is fundamentally mistaken about how a legislature works. In a democracy, the more people who are involved in creating law the better. If it were feasible to have every citizen weigh in on a bill, that would be ideal. However, since that isn't possible they have a legislature to aggregate opinions. More legislators are always better than fewer, since that means they have a larger "sample" (my words) of the population's opinions.