The unbelievers and the people of the book and the pagans do not like that anything good should come down to you from your Lord. But God will choose for his special mercy whomever he wishes, and God is Lord of grace abounding. 

After him the history becomes a little bit complicated. Scholars agree that Ali (PBUH), unarguably the closest person to the prophet and the fourth Sunni Caliph and first Shia Imam, had a created a written copy by 6 moths after the prophet's death. But that was a private copy. The main reference for Quran among people were the people who memorized the whole Quran. 

However, the canonization of Quran only happened during the time of third Caliph. His rule starts 12 years after the death of the prophet, i.e. 644 A.D. He also destroyed all other codified versions of Quran. From that point we are rather certain that what we have is close to what was compiled at the time of third Caliph. Today we have copies dating back to 688 A.D. 

From the context it seems that the verse can be about God giving a new and better set of laws to Mohammad (PBUH) particularly in comparison to Jews (whose claim is that the laws of Torah are forever and cannot change). 

Regarding the verse 2:106. If you look at the context, in that part Quran is talking about the people of the book, verses 2:105-106 are as follows: 

God may change the rules and this is clear from Quran. You can ask the same question regarding the rules sent to Moses and Jews and the Islamic rules that are narrated in Quran. Sometimes some extra rules are added to the laws as a punishment that makes the laws harder (because people have disobeyed God). Other times the situation changes so the rule also needs to change. None of this means that the rules were not right or just at the time they were given. If a verse comes later and changes a law it is not problematic or inconsistent. An explicit example is change of Qibla. 

John 1:42 Jesus looked at him and said, “You are Simon son of John. You will be called Cephas” (which, when translated, is Peter[a]). 

Other verses related to the event include 7:163-166. Also see Tafsir Ibn Kathir. 

He will say, "The Fire is your residence, wherein you will abide eternally, except for what Allah wills. 

"Son of X", "daughter of Y", father of Z" and "mother of U" were a common feature of Semitic names in ancient times, and they are still used, for example in Arabic names. They are also common in modern day Israel. See Jewish Surnames and Patronymic names. 

Ibn Umar recited this verse and said that this virtue was present in Uthman bin Affan, he used to offer Tahajud prayers at night in excess and used to recite long portions of the Quran, so much that sometimes he finished the Quran in a single Rakah. 

Third: Mujahid has narrated that Allah transformed their hearts, as in put a seal on them, and did not transform their physical bodies. The exmaple of this is 62:5 

Ibn Abbas said: Those transformed didn't live longer than three days. Neither did they eat, nor did they drink, nor did their generations continue. 

C-1 confirms the reliability of much of what has been reported about the other Companion codices not only because it shares some variants with them, but also because its variants are of the same kinds as those reported for those codices. 

Luke 1:36 And, behold, thy cousin Elisabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old age: and this is the sixth month with her, who was called barren. 

5:75 The Messiah, son of Mary, was not but a messenger; [other] messengers have passed on before him. And his mother was a supporter of truth. They both used to eat food. Look how We make clear to them the signs; then look how they are deluded.