If you believe he'll call wider than 7%, that's great, shoving is +EV. You can't predict the run of hands you'll get in the future so make the most of a good situation as soon as you can! Waiting for other opportunities later in the tournament is a decision I'd base more on experience, as equity calculations make this a straight forward. Flop: ($45, 2 players) Q♣ 5⋄ 3♠ MP bets $39, Hero calls $39 As for the cheating aspect, it seems that whatever the quality of evidence that is released the debate never stops. It's like a zombie that keeps coming back, no matter how many times it's killed! 

SB: 197.8 BB BB: 40 BB Hero (UTG): 115.3 BB MP: 100 BB CO: 40.5 BB BTN: 57.5 BB 

If we do happen to have 2-Pair or better at this point, if your opponent is capable turning weak made hands into bluffs (e.g. He has pairs) or gutshots/turned flush draws that missed, sometimes check-raising is a good option to create even greater +EV situations in the future, and deter your opponent from bluffing at too many rivers. 5♣. BrynKenney missed his draws. He can't really win the hand at this point. Should he check-fold, bet or check-raise? I personally don't like check-folding. BrynKenney should have a bluffing range on every street. His hand here is pretty much perfect. Betting on the flop and the turn with this exact hand did not seem so good, but on the river he can definitely do something. How many other hands can he really bluff with here? Not too many. Now should he check-raise or bet? 

Caecilius checks it back, which is pretty standard with bottom pair. Even though some protection would be nice, especially without a heart in your hand, on a flop this wet. You are incredibly vulnerable for check-raises. Therefore you should be checking most of your bottom pairs here. BrynKenney brilliantly breaks the hand down and shoves the river. He knows his opponent is weak. And he can credibly represent a flush, which could have checked the flop and slowplayed the turn and river. BrynKenney blocks caecilius from having a weird flush or straight, so this is pretty much the best hand to do it with after Kh7x. 

If anyone had a queen you probably heard about it on the flop. Like you said, let's protect your hand and get some value from worse tens or maybe pocket 77-99 or something. I would bet 50-70% pot here since your hand isn't that strong and your are probably only protecting against straight draws, since flushdraws likely would have bet the flop. Your hand plays well if you bet. You get information, you have the betting aggression, you get value and you can comfortably check-call on most rivers. Bet-calling doesn't seem optimal since you are basically bluff catching at that point. You can also check for pot control. If your opponent checks you can nicely value bet a no diamond river. You also avoid getting raised on the turn, which would put you in a really difficult spot. 

I have read old posts and some suggested me to use paypal or skrill, while others suggested I simply change my main currency on partypoker to euro and then when buying into tournaments the euros are converted to dollars with a fair exchange rate. I am not sure if this is correct, though. Has anyone got any experience with this lately? Or anyone who got a good idea?