Then the Qur'an itself has told that it was a night of the month of Ramadan (Al-Baqarah). 

The Command might be the distinct thing. What is the Command? 

The disbelievers say, what you (O Muhammad ) brought us was taken from the books of those who were before us, meaning plagiarized. 

that prevents them from hearing what benefits them. In another Ayah, Allah said; 

This night is laylatul qadr (the night of glory) when the First Surah of the Quran was revealed (Surah Alaq). 

Your question about what is distinct is answered below: 

The night implies the same night which has been called lailat-ul-qadr in Surah Al-Qadr (97). There it has been said: 

This means that it is such a Night in the Divine administration of Allah on which He decided the destinies of indivuals and nations and entrust His decisions to His angels so that they apply them correctly. 

There are 3 ways Allah could speak to someone that is mentioned in this ayat: 

In my opinion (and the vast majority), yes there are good claims that one should. If one analyses Islam deeply, you would find it a logical fallacy to ignore the hadiths or the sunnah of the prophet. Now, I do not in any way state that you aren't following the sunnah or the hadiths. But as the question tends to lean towards that understanding I just feel it should be answered more in detail. 

Razi in his Tafsir also continues to mention some interpretations and discusses that Yahya was the first which God "personally" named. Because normally it is the people or parents who name their children: 

If you think how it developed by the time it will look more logically. For instance, the companions follow the Prophet (saw). When he passes away, they spread his message to whoever they can, they speak about him, what he have said, what he have forbidden and so on. And this process keeps going, generation to generation, thankfully, or we might not been Muslims now I guess. To ignore this tradition is more likely to be wrong. I mean, 1400 years later we finally understand that we should not follow the hadiths or the understanding of them by our scholars. 

But this still doesn't mean that we shouldn't follow the sunnah like some might argue. You cannot follow the sunnah without the hadiths, because that's where you get the data, after you gotten the data, you can fetch it and analyse it. That is what we later will define as "sunnah" or the way of the Prophet. 

The answer might be a bit big but I really think it is necessary in this case. Much more could be said, I guess a book could be written about the subject. 

Qurtubi (in arabic) also adds some more explanation about the term. 

I do not think anybody would say that they wouldn't follow the Prophet if he was here and could explain things to them, or if he ordered/forbidden something that the Muslims would be against that, I don't think that. But I do understand that many feel that, because of he isn't here and really cannot explain things, some would throw away the sunnah (which are derived from hadiths). I also think this is done of fear and ignorance. 

(and (set) deafness in their ears;) 

They only ways I can think of that Allah would speak to us are the Revelation and by the Prophets. 

The disbelievers say, what you (O Muhammad ) brought us was taken from the books of those who were before us, meaning plagiarized. 

Your question about what is distinct is answered below: 

The night implies the same night which has been called lailat-ul-qadr in Surah Al-Qadr (97). There it has been said: 

There are 3 ways Allah could speak to someone that is mentioned in this ayat: 

" This was a night in which every matter is decided wisely by Our Command." 

means, they come to you, (O Muhammad ), so that they hear you recite the Qur'an, but its recitation does not benefit them, because Allah has set veils on their hearts, and so they do not understand the Qur'an, 

It is not talking about keeping away from Islam so therefore no, it doesn't imply that somone who kept away from Islam is blameless as what it implies is stated above.