that the treaty sets up Japan as an American military base and draws Japan into a military coalition directed against the Soviet Union So, by the end of World War I, Hitler was strongly patriotic and anti-semitite. He stayed in the army after WWI and eventually was assigned to monitor the German Workers' Party (DAP). The DAP was strongly antisemitic, nationalistic, anti-capitalistic, and anti-Marxist. It favored a "strong active government, a 'non-Jewish' version of socialism, and solidarity among all members of society." WWII World War II also saw some South and Central American participation. However, again, Brazil was the only nation of these to send troops to fight. The Molch, another German Midget submarine, was highly unsuccessful. Although 393 were built, it suffered heavy losses. WWI Here is a list of South American countries that severed relations and those that declared war. Sourced from here. Chile also was officially neutral, but later joined the Allies These two factors were supported by Hitler and formed the basis and ideology of Nazism. This motivated the many of the Germans to the bitter end. that the draft treaty violated the rights of China to Taiwan and several other islands These were by far faster than any other midget submarine sailing at the time. Few could go over 10 knots. Before 1940, "Costa Rica, El Salvador and the Dominican Republic offered diplomatic recognition of the Japanese puppet state of Manchukuo which was not recognized as a legitimate state by a majority of the world’s nations at the time." Note Dominican Republic is North American. that the treaty was in effect a separate peace treaty Adolf Hitler's goal in life was initially to become an artist. However, the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna denied Hitler's admission twice, in 1907 and 1908. Argentina was officially neutral, but leaned to the side of the Axis. After the war, many war criminals harbored there. Italy had 16 midget submarines over the course of the war. There were two classes, the CA-class and the CB-class. Two CA-class subs were manufactured Between 1938 and 1939 and two more were manufactured in September 1943. They were originally designed for coast defence but later modified as attack craft. Italy planned for them to attack New York Harbor, but their transport submarine was sunk and the plan was scuttled. The last major type of German midget sub was the Seehund. It was the most successful of the German Midget Submarines. Of the 1000 planned, 285 were completed and only 35 of those were lost, mostly due to bad weather. However, it was designed in 1944 and only used in the last months of the war. It's small size made it difficult for it to be picked up by ASDIC. It was also a very quiet craft, making detection by hydrophone impossible. It mainly operated around the German Coast and the English Channel, attacking merchant ships. It sank nine and damaged three. that the Soviet Union was not properly consulted when the treaty was being prepared Although eight other South or Central American countries declared war, only Brazil had direct involvement. Brazil sent surgeons and pilots to Europe. Most pilots served with the RAF, but some served with the French Army. Brazil was mainly involved at sea, however. A good part of their fleet was involved in anti-submarine warfare. However, there we're quite a few delays that hampered the war effort: Italy also had a few unsuccessful miniature sub designs. It is true that bombs in World War II would make a whistling sound as they fell. This could be heard by both the pilot and the target, however due to the Doppler effect, they heard different things. The pilot would hear a high pitched whistle and as the bomb accelerated it lowered in pitch. The target would initially hear a higher pitched whistle than what the pilot heard because the target is in front of the bomb and the pilot is behind the bomb. The pitch would continue to increase until the bomb struck. This is assuming the bomb is going slower than the speed of sound. The bomb will not reach the speed of sound until it has fallen ≈19 500 ft. This is a rather long answer outlining the strengths and weaknesses of various nations' midget submarine fleets. If you just want the short answer, skip to the last paragraph. During World War II, the UK, Italy, Germany, and Japan had midget submarines. The US, the USSR, and China did not.