ETA: I found a couple of short reading-readiness assessments that might be a good jumping-off point for you: CDC Developmental Milestones Chart (newborn through adolescence) Visual development An interesting aside to this that I believe was pointed out to us by our pediatric ophthalmologist is that children's peripheral vision isn't fully formed until they're 10 years old! Ten! Takes on a whole new meaning when your child is fully mobile and sprinting for a parking lot with an on-coming car! Aural development Make sure she knows her letters; make sure she knows the sounds those letters make. If she's lacking in either of those, then you need to start there. Really, those are the basic building blocks of reading. I think KitFox's suggestions are excellent and I can't think of anything to add to them. My primary suggestion is to determine what she knows, determine what she needs to know, and figure out how you're going to help her get there. Just off the top of my head, I thought of: Also, I wonder if it's not possible that her ability to speak three languages is confusing her a little. The English and French pronunciation of vowels, for example, is completely different. Maybe not, but it's a thought. My kids only speak English so I have zero experience with that kind of thing. Motivate your students (or child) to think critically. Arouse interest in your child in whatever it is you're trying to teach him. Tell a compelling story, for example, about when critical thinking wasn't applied appropriately. This helps your child to understand why critical thinking is important and see that failing to apply critical thinking can have unintended consequences. Additionally, encourage open-mindedness, skepticism, and fair-mindedness in your child as lack of these can be a barrier to critical thinking. Clearly state your critical thinking goals I think, at your son's age, this is probably more for you than for him, but it gives you the opportunity to really think about how you want to teach a certain CT skill. Find opportunities to infuse CT that fit content and skill requirements for your course This is pretty self-explanatory. If he grows accustomed to CT in everyday life then he should be able to transfer those skills over into academia. Use guided practice Provide feedback and encourage your son to reflect on it That's just a few of his suggestions; there are a couple more but they didn't seem quite as modify-able (is that a word?) as the others.