3) We do not know the nature of the soul. 

And if you can handle a little physics, Feynman's lectures are a mind blowing source, for he could not help but teach physics with a ton of philosophy, intuitions and clarity. 

Indeed, some people insist that true "levitation" is possible, and others insist it is nothing but an illusion — a bag of tricks — I belong to the former camp, and believe that explaining the mystery of consciousness with loops is silly. 

and the Shaman says "my son, the secret is in loops, for loops are so mysterious." he then calls a few of your friends and sits you all in a lap circle like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDTpRUNIswQ 

and the Shaman then tells you "son, there is no further trick to explain — what you saw was surely some kind of illusion." 

Reasons to be confident in opinions you formulate: 

Do you know of philosophers who address this problem? 

Suppose you go to your village Shaman and tell him "oh master, I have seen a person sitting in the air as it were, levitating. how is this possible?" 

At one point in the lectures he offers his interpretation that positrons may be electrons that as result of an interaction did not only change direction in space, but also in time — that is, they are electrons travelling back in time. 

Consider this quote by Feynman from page 10 of QED: The Strange Theory of Light and Matter: 

4) In particular we do not know if the soul can cease to exist. 

It seems to me that if nature is absurd, then using reductio ad absurdum in metaphysics or philosophy of mind may be wrong and misleading - but nevertheless, philosophers continue to use it - maybe as someone who is stumbling through the dark and refuses to throw away a flashlight that ran out of batteries. 

1) It is one way to create something from nothing; see this relevant critique of a book by Lawrence M. Krauss by professor of philosophy David Albert. 

It naturally includes no metaphysics, but it does in my opinion include a lot of philosophy. 

What if a philosopher mounted a reductio ad absurdum on nature? would he be justified if his argument was sound? 

I have never understood the attractiveness of explaining consciousness with loops. 

The words without form and void correspond to תֹהוּ (tohu) and בֹהוּ (bohu) respectively. bohu is traditionally translated by religious scholars as desolation or emptiness. 

I like @jobermark's answer, but would like to add an anecdote corresponding to this question; it is a conversation with Einstein as told by Carnap, in which Einstein expressed his belief that "there is something essential about the Now which is just outside the realm of science": 

The bible does not state that in the beginning there was nothing. Genesis begins with: 

As an analogy, imagine two mathematicians who reject each other's coordinate systems for a sphere on account of including a singularity point, such as a north pole - let's call it the "absurdity" of a coordinate system - and they fail to realize that you cannot "explain" a sphere with a single coordinate system which is not "absurd" - you need at least two: 

1) The soul is the property of the universe which enables the human brain to manifest that phenomena which we call consciousness, qualia, or the essence of that which the Buddhists refer to as the watcher. 

So Einsteins seemed to believe that an important aspect of the concept of time is outside the reach of science, and if it is outside the reach of science then aren't philosophers entitled [*] to contemplate it? 

Specifically, I don't think that Ayer is the most representative of logical positivists. Is first book had a good success as the first syntheses in the english-speaking world of a new trend in philosophy that was basically "continental". 

If we assume the existence of points in the absolute space, they have no intrinsic properties that can differentiate them from one another: we cannot "measure" them against the Absolute Space because they are the absolute space (we cannot measure our height comparing us with ourself...). 

διάνοια (the second form : reasoning), 

The verb translated with "belief" is nomizein (νομίζει), nomizo, directly derived from nomos : law, custom. 

You can see: Ian Hacking, The Social Construction of What ?, Harvard UP (1999). 

We have here in play the concepts of an agent and of power, i.e. a capability to produce an effect [see Actuality and Potentiality for the key Aristotelian distinction, between potentiality (dunamis) and actuality (energeia)]. 

Thus, the agent is an individual: "the sculptor causes the statue, in another sense Polyclitus causes it, because the sculptor happens to be Polyclitus" and, more specifically, a human being (we assume that no other animals are able to produce sculptures). 

We do not learn the language "by definition", i.e. through a dictionary. 

We "know" what "mother" is far in advance of being able to read or to "understand" a definition. 

Regarding gods, we can see the discussion of the accusation that Socrates does not believe in the “the gods the city believes in”, in :