I wonder if I should use he instead it to refer to the bird. Would this improve the clarity of the text? Is this a common practice? That's the "mix" that guides my writing. What I usually do is to see the character's surroundings as an extension or metaphor of his/her feelings or thoughts. That way, the line between description and plot suddenly disappears. I do mention that the MC is 'skinny' in Chapter 1. Is that enough for the reader until he/she reaches Chapter 3? "Yeah, it's killing me, you know. My boss should really hire more teachers." Why did he vomit for so long? What was the cause? Icaro's eyes widened, as if he had just seen a ghost. "How did that happen? Did you lose it somewhere?" So as you can see these are ridiculous situations (I think the term is Kafkaesque?). "That's right," Benjamin said after a moment. "Did you feel the earthquake last night?" When a twist happens to the protagonist of a story, it's usually an antagonist simply doing this same thing to them: they had expectations of how their story was going to end, but someone else had other ideas. But, as they're the protagonist, they live to fight another day and come back to fight the villain again, and this time win. Those sentences both mean the exact same thing, John was looking at a body, and he didn't have any feelings. I have built a world in which to write my fantasy book, and I'm currently writing my first book about it. I have it all planned out and am in the process of writing it. I have plans for a further book that develops naturally from this one, and will end with most things wrapped up quite nicely. There's already good answers here, so I'll add in what I think are some of my techniques for constructing rounded characters. There are certain things that would be very incompatible, and would be a difficult character to make believable. For example having a character who is helpful and performs kind deeds for others anonymously, but they're also a narcissist, would be a struggle to pull off. Why would someone who is self-absorbed perform these acts in the first place, of they weren't doing it to receive recognition? Or a self-made business tycoon who is lazy; they wouldn't be able to achieve such success if they had that flaw. I originally wanted it all as one, until I realized the book would be far too long. So book 2 is essentially the second half of the story that begins in book 1 (neither would be complete without the other).