When he's a bit older he'll be refusing to believe your explanations of things, that's a fun one too. 

As your baby learns to roll over, sit, and crawl, his muscles will continue to strengthen. 

The myth is more usually about small babies 'bouncing' on their parent's lap, supported by the parent's hands around their torso. Parenting magazine has addressed it in this form: 

Both normal and sometimes rather annoying. 

Helping a baby develop standing and stepping Advice sheet CYP ITS ASEY012, NHS Somerset Partnership, 2012. 

Between eight months and 10 months he will probably start trying to pull himself up to stand while holding on to furniture. If you prop him up next to the sofa, he'll hang on for support. 

Old Wives Tales are ingrained in our societies and because they are shared by people we trust, they are often never questioned. 

(NB - 'Prozac' and 'fluoxetine' are the same thing). 

Falls into the wide, wide category of things the Sears book calls "normal but bothersome toddler behaviour". 

When they can stand briefly without holding on, they are ready to learn to step along the furniture or ‘cruise’. 

As they get stronger, they will need less support from you and they will use their hands on the furniture to support themselves more. 

Medline Plus: Fluoxetine - US National Library of Medicine / National Institutes of Health, 11/15/2014 

By the time your baby is about five months old, if you let him balance his feet on your thighs, he'll bounce up and down. Bouncing will be a favourite activity over the next couple of months. 

Your child can be held supported in a standing position from an early age 

Will "Standing" Hurt a Baby's Legs? Quest for Health, Dr Kristen Stuppy MD, 4 August 2012 

This allows the child to experience the feeling of their body weight through their feet. 

Many babies love jumping up and down in their door bouncer. However, if you have a door bouncer, limit the time your baby spends in it to three supervised 15-minute sessions a day. 

They may bounce up and down. They do this to develop the strength in their leg muscles. 

Paediatrician Dr Kristen Stuppy has also addressed it: 

As your baby gets better at standing, he'll start to cruise (moving around upright while holding on to furniture). He may then feel confident enough to let go of any support and stand unaided. Once your baby is ready to let go of the furniture, he may be able to take steps when you hold his hands. Your baby may even stoop to pick up a toy when standing.