In English, most endings have contracted or disappeared in ways that make different persons, moods, and numbers invisible. There is still -s in the 3rd person present singular indicative for most verbs, and the most important and frequent verb of all, to be, still has many distinctive endings; but most other Indo-European languages have many more visible endings. The "invisible endings" in English finite verbs are often called zero endings, an kind of zero inflexion. E. It cannot be passivized—as transitive verbs can—such that the subject becomes a "by" prepositional phrase and the object the new subject, and that without change of meaning. It excludes examples like this: Do they prefer the small or the large car? — They prefer small. => Small is preferred by them (this should not be possible with copulae). In Latin, this is called the genitivus explicativus, definitivus, appositivus or epexegeticus: the genitive defines or describes in other words what the head word is or consists in (not consists of). It exists in various Indo-European languages, possibly in all, including Latin, Greek, German, English, Dutch, French... In languages without cases, a preposition meaning "of" is normally used instead of / as the genitive. http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genitiv But other reconstructions may have different ramifications. [Update: You can see what a mess Proto-Indo-European migration was: it all depends on dating the big yellow arrows in the map at the bottom.] Perhaps some reconstruction exists that groups the Italic and Germanic branches closer together than either branch to the Indo-Iranian (super-)branch. Note also that the Greek, Albanian, and Balto-Slavic (super-)branches are rarely grouped closer to both Italic and Germanic than to Indo-Iranian. I therefore do not expect any reconstruction to have a "European" super-branch that excludes Indo-Iranian, even if a super-branch may be reconstructed including Italic and Germanic but excluding Indo-Iranian. To put this into perspective, there is no "non-Germanic" super-branch including all Indo-European branches except Germanic either. A direct object must always be in the accusative/objective case (that man was I v. *that man fears I — the fact that the nominative/subjective case "I" is possible with copulae shows how they are to many people different from transitive verbs; an object can never be in the nominative case. The number of people who would use "I" in certain registers prevent us from simply regarding it as an object in all respects.).