And Doctrine and Convenants 93:29: God possesses power over the sea, the earth, the heavens because they honor him. And they honor him because he is who he is. 

Priesthood -- To performance ordinances that are honored by God, man must possess the literal power to enact in heaven that which is done on earth (Matthew 18:18) First, we don't even know what a spirit is, really. Is is heavy? Is it strong? Is it colorful? Can two spirits give each other a high five? Revelation -- God did not stop speaking in 70 AD. He will continue to reveal many great an important things pertaining to the kingdom of God. If someone wants to make a local donation (e.g. oranges): LDS First Presidency letters to all members used to be available at http://www.ldschurchnews.com/letters, which now redirects to Deseret News. It seems http://www.ldschurchnewsarchive.com/letters has the former content of that site. I am dwelling on the immortality of the spirit of man. Is it logical to say that the intelligence of spirits is immortal, and yet that it has a beginning? The intelligence of spirits had no beginning, neither will it have an end. That is good logic. That which has a beginning may have an end. 3) It isn't permissible. For most people, it would be rather like trying to brake a snowsled that's already started downhill. It would be more difficult and frustrating to exercise sufficient control at that stage than to let things proceed naturally. It's far easier and better to never start in the first place. 

It is understood that the gift of tongues is given more for the purpose of helping missionaries preach and less as a sign to non-believers. Various accounts of missionaries in the 19th and early 20th century report incidents in which missionaries became temporarily fluent in languages they had struggled with. Although missionaries are still encouraged to pray for the gift of tongues, it is more often expected to come in the form of enhancement of the missionaries' own efforts than evident miraculous display. 

1) Perhaps, sometimes. But not commonly or openly, because: The voice of God was described on a couple of occasions. One of them is: This exposition presents four senses in which the God is called the Father. 1) "Father" as literal parent. 2) "Father" as creator 3) Jesus Christ the “Father” of Those Who Abide in His Gospel 4) Jesus Christ the “Father” by Divine Investiture of Authority. The scripture given in Alma, along with others, is cited as supporting the second sense. The fourth sense gives most of the LDS interpretation of New Testament passages regarding the Oneness of the Trinity. 

Joseph Smith talked about the creation of spirits in the King Folliet discourse: 

Discourses of Brigham Young, ed. Widtsoe The coming of Jesus Christ ended the shedding of blood. Instead of animals, sacrifices to God were to be of a broken heart and a contrite spirit. (3 Nephi 9:19) Thus we see that God is able to change his own commandments. In any case, there are many examples, so this list is not exhaustive: Food storage The LDS Church used to recommend two years. Now, they recommend three months plus "extended" food storage, when feasible. With the Book of Mormon, inspiration is attributed both to the original authorship (by Nephi, Mormon, Moroni, etc.) as well as to the miracle of translation by Joseph Smith. One directional eternity doesn't make sense, at least to Joesph Smith. Anything that is fundamentally eternal is eternal in any direction. It would be odd to say that the tribe of Judah was "cursed" for not possessing the priesthood that the tribe or Levi did. Or that the other Levites were "cursed" for not officiating in the temple as the sons of Aaron did. These responsibilities were limited to certain group of people, based on heritage. God has been expanding these blessings ever since (e.g. the Gospel going from Jews to Gentiles). It is understood that the gift of tongues is given more for the purpose of helping missionaries preach and less as a sign to non-believers. Various accounts of missionaries in the 19th and early 20th century report incidents in which missionaries became temporarily fluent in languages they had struggled with. Although missionaries are still encouraged to pray for the gift of tongues, it is more often expected to come in the form of enhancement of the missionaries' own efforts than evident miraculous display. 

The teaching that religious truth is confirmed by feeling has support from several LDS scriptures. In the Book of Mormon, Nephi tells his brothers that they had heard the voice of God several times: 7 Wherefore, it must needs be an infinite atonement—save it should be an infinite atonement this corruption could not put on incorruption. Wherefore, the first judgment which came upon man must needs have remained to an endless duration. And if so, this flesh must have laid down to rot and to crumble to its mother earth, to rise no more.