They all use the same frame, and the only difference is components. It does sound like you've disassembled the guts of your suspension seat post, so if you can't get it back together, you're probably looking at a new seat post. 2 Housing shims, used to secure hydraulic lines or brake housing in the braze-ons of the frame, or for securing the housing at the point it enters the frame in the case of internal housing. 1 Headset adjustment bolt button, used to keep water out of the bolt in the center of your headset cap, or to hide the bolt. 2 Hydraulic line clips, used to secure hydraulic lines or cable housing on a particular type of housing guide on the outside of a frame or the back of a suspension fork. Many frames come with extras of these parts, so it may be that you have no need for them at this time. Or you might, if the LBS did a poor job of assembly. No way for us to know without seeing your bike. See the Schwalbe Rocket Ron. 29x2.25, good, fast rolling knobby with enough width to be stable in the rock garden, and comfy, good cornering feel, and good hook up. It even sheds mud well. i ride it in Pacific Northwest singletrack, including Whistler and Banff, which is fairly similar to Colorado, if not quite as dry. Do this until it feels completely natural and easy, and you have lost all fear of tipping over backwards. This is the real reason for this step, hopefully you won't be needing to bail out at all. So to answer your question, yes, you should shift your weight back when you brake (along with bracing your arms, of course). Because if you don't, you will fail to do so in an emergency stop, when it really matters. What is the fastest possible way for you to stop? When they passed me, I just slipped in behind them and drafted for about 5 miles until we parted ways. On a recent Sunday ride on a country road, I was slowly overtaken by a group of (5) guys on road bikes. They were "proper" road cyclists, if you know what I mean. What's the highest gear with which you can reach the "tipping point" while staying seated? The higher the gear, the easier it is to sustain a wheelie. Bailing out is a bit tricky at higher speeds, but hopefully you'll never need to. On top of this, you could further hedge against going OTB by practice stoppies (lifting the rear wheel under hard braking). If you do this, you will be much more in control during emergency stops. The seat post needs to fit your frame. So you will need to mount the new saddle on your old post, or buy a new post that exactly matches the size from your original one. See the Schwalbe Rocket Ron. 29x2.25, good, fast rolling knobby with enough width to be stable in the rock garden, and comfy, good cornering feel, and good hook up. It even sheds mud well. i ride it in Pacific Northwest singletrack, including Whistler and Banff, which is fairly similar to Colorado, if not quite as dry. I hope this is helpful to you. Yes, your bike can be fitted with pretty much any saddle. Assuming a new bike, look at the Scott Aspect 30, 20, or 10, depending on your budget. The (metric) allen key on your new saddle is a 6mm. If you're using Standard Allen wrenches its probably a little larger than 7/32".