Often we work together to form a set of rules we agree on and can apply to validate our reasoning. Remarkably, there are many overlaps between one set of rules and all other sets of rules. Therefore, over time, we've learned to use these basic rules of reason and declare that thoughts which conform to these rules are rational. You can find examples of these rules in the other answers. As a Christian, I'm compelled to point out that Jesus didn't seem particularly concerned about convincing people that his claims were true. In fact, he was purposely vague on some points: Many of the paradoxes above arise from taking an idea out of context and trying to fit it into a belief system where it does not fit. Take for instance, omnipotence (often the source of these paradoxes). Here's what St. Paul said about Jesus' power: At least one solution to the various paradoxes is suggested in this passage: God may chose to be limited. Can God die? Yes, if He chooses. Can God change what He knows what will happen tomorrow? Yes, if He chooses. Can God create a stone He can not lift? Yes, if He chooses. Can He lift that stone? Yes, if He chooses.3 But my answer assumes doubt and skepticism hold a different place in philosophy than a starting point. Rather, I hold that a good set of axioms should include Cromwell's Rule: This is a very difficult passage for me, and I'd imagine for many believers. It seems that God gives some people the ability to recognize him and does not give "the secret of the kingdom of God" to others. It seems that God may be hidden in plain sight. Make of that what you will. To reformulate the question so that I know for sure1 what you are asking: An oddity of the human mind is that when it considers its own thoughts, it usually finds a great deal to like and when it considers the thoughts of others, it often is skeptical. I've found this can happen even when I'm in agreement with the thoughts of others! (I believe the Ontological argument is valid and so does my friend. But I think he might be wrong.) We are often over-skeptical of the ideas of others and over-confident of our own ideas. But you also ask whether religious knowledge can be persuasive based on religious experiences, which is a separate and trickier question. In the lottery case, few people would accept that some knowledge of future lottery results is justified. Even if someone really was justified in believing they knew future lottery numbers (by bribing the person who picks the numbers to somehow manipulate the results or inventing time travel), consider the difficulty involved in persuading someone else they have such knowledge. Only the most gullible would believe such a claim.3 There are just too many cases where something too good to be true is for most of us to take such extraordinary claims at face value no matter what the evidence. One way to answer the question (and I suspect there are many approaches) would be to define reason as the product of an instrument of rationality, i.e., a mind. What makes the question more than trivial for us, however, is that our minds are connected to bodies that interfere with reason. Emotion, instinct, and biases often dominate the function of the mind and produce various type of irrational thought. Philosophical Skepticism finds it's basis on the idea that reason is founded on some set of axioms which are not themselves provable. Even Descartes' cogito ergo sum must be accepted without proof, since it amounts to a circular argument. (The first term assumes the existence of a thinker, which is the conclusion the argument tries to reach.) But there are other tools in the philosopher's shed besides the hammer of skepticism. We could, for instance, simply agree on some common set of axioms on which to base our dialog.