Here the Bible says that both male and female humans are created in the image of God. This implies that both male and female characteristics are reflections of the nature of God. By contrast, references to the God of the Israelites (which Christians see as the true God) are overwhelmingly male. Spiritual angels think of God as their father and the church as their mother. They understand honoring them to mean loving them. The Greek word is μαστός (mastos). While this word can be used to mean a man's nipples, it is the usual Greek word for a woman's breasts. See, for example, Luke 11:27; 23:29. There are more ordinary Greek words for "chest" that could have been used in Revelation 1:13. Here YHVH (translated as "the Lord"), the God of the Hebrews, generally seen by Christians as God the Father, compares himself to a mother comforting a child. This suggests that God is not averse to being seen as a mother by us humans, who are God's children. His general teaching about people of other religions besides Christianity is this: For people in the cultures of the Bible writers, in which women were almost universally seen as inferior to men, to picture God as anything other than a male would have been to demote God to inferior status. (I'm not saying this is the reality; only that this is how it would have been viewed in those cultures.) So finding a biblical justification for referring to God as Mother will be slim pickings at best. The Christian doctrine of Emanuel Swedenborg (1688–1772) accepts the claim that Muslims worship the same God as Christians (and Jews and everyone else who worships God). Here Jesus, speaking from the perspective of his eternal divine nature, compares his desire to care for Jerusalem to a hen gathering her chicks under her wings. This is a clear example of God presented as a mother to God's children. Still, there are a few passages scattered throughout the Bible that suggest or attribute to God female characteristics, including some that present God as a mother. I believe God is a full-on egoist in that his is fully self centered. Whatever he does he does for himself, and he expects/demands the same of others. Egoist can also have another connotation of being conceited and limited to caring about ones-self. I am not reffering to this. Being omnipotent it's impossible for God to have a delusional or exaggerated sense of self worth. If you leave out the definition of of megalomania that includes being delusional, I think it is safe to say that God is a megalomaniac in so-far as he is obsessed with his own power and importance. For any of those created things to focus on themselves rather than on the one-preeminent-being is sin. Being ego-centric is rightly considered to be a bad attribute when applied to a human, but not when speaking of God. Almost every major Creed in Christian history has some statement about this aspect of God. For example the Athanasian Creede, a very old and widely used one identifies Christian believe about God in this way: There is a sense in which an attribute which is an action is not fully realized until it is enacted. Love isn't real without an object of affection. Forgiveness is ethereal until somebody has crossed you. Being a redeemer requires something to save. The loving nature of God is, according to Calvinism and Reformed theology in general, both perfect and immutable. There is no time in which he is not loving nor action which does not display his love. For a man, or any other being, to be an egoist is sin. All created things were made by, for and in Christ. But where does that idea come from in the Bible? The problem with hell is that God is there! It is where God pours out his eternal judgement on all things evil. This is a part of his nature and God's wrath will be a very present reality of hell for all eternity. While we can't paint an exact picture of hell, we do have have some fairly vivid and specific descriptions of the way God is involved in punishment: The absolutely crazy "exception" to this -- and it's technically not an exception at all because his love is consistent even in this case -- is the forgiveness and reconciliation of sinners to himself through the sacrifice of Jesus. By himself becoming subject to the curse of sin and wrath of God against evil when he himself was good, he earned the right to buy back those whom he chose from death -- to experience God's love of good as one of those good things rather than experiencing his love for good things expressed as his hatred of bad things. One of them is κόλπος (kolpos), traditionally translated "bosom." The first passage suggesting that God has female attributes occurs in the very first chapter of Genesis: Here Jesus, speaking from the perspective of his eternal divine nature, compares his desire to care for Jerusalem to a hen gathering her chicks under her wings. This is a clear example of God presented as a mother to God's children. Here God is compared both to a master (male) and a mistress (female), to which servants look. The philosophical response that "God has no gender" is foreign to the biblical text, which almost everywhere uses gendered language for God. The vast majority of that gendered language is male; a small minority of it is female. I'm not aware of any passage in the Bible stating or implying that God has no gender. If the intention is to move away from the idea of God as exclusively male, it is easier to support from the Bible the idea that God encompasses both genders than it is to support the idea that God has no gender. Can it be justified from the Bible? Short version: From the perspective of Swedenborgian doctrine, the biblical basis of the claim that Muslims worship the same God as Christians is that according to the Bible there is only one God, so everyone who worships God is worshiping the same God.