It wasn't "a simple message of love" spread by a few ordinary fisherman. Jesus wasn't some hippie revolutionary who got a bunch of followers to parade around telling everybody they should just love each other. Where Jesus was different is that he had a dual nature. He was also fully God, and although he laid aside many of his rights he still did not sin. This does not negate the fact that he was a real man, but he had to not sin in order to be able to make a propitiation for us. He even had to grow up physically and mentally. It is just these attributes of his being fully man that make him able to be OUR high priest. What made Christianity appealing was that it was true. This would have been much more apparent to the early followers. As time went on this has gotten increasingly hard to see, but lets look at the scenario again. 5 Every high priest is selected from among the people and is appointed to represent the people in matters related to God, to offer gifts and sacrifices for sins. 2 He is able to deal gently with those who are ignorant and are going astray, since he himself is subject to weakness. 3 This is why he has to offer sacrifices for his own sins, as well as for the sins of the people. I believe it's possible that God could have prevented them from sinning if He'd wanted to, but that would have meant we had no free will. If God had wanted to ensure we all remain sinless, He'd have done so. So we need to ask, again, why this woman? That's pretty straightforward. This woman had been unclean for years due to her illness. His healing of her demonstrated all of the above. Healing her showed that He had the power to make clean the unclean. It was a beautiful picture of salvation in an easy-to-understand demonstration. 39 And knew not until the flood came, and took them all away; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be. Luke 14:26 -- “If anyone comes to me and does not hate father and mother, wife and children, brothers and sisters—yes, even their own life—such a person cannot be my disciple. And whoever does not carry their cross and follow me cannot be my disciple." If we take "hate" literally then it is in contrast with the second greatest commandment. Clearly, the message is that there must be nothing between you and God; to be a disciple of Christ you must be all in or not in at all; you must remove or change anything from your life that prevents you from following Him wholeheartedly. The majority of Christians, however, believe that these elements of the Law are no longer necessary based on a few portions of Paul's epistles. Though I have not given a doctrinal perspective, I think I have represented the majority of Christianity in the interpretation of these verses. You see he loved his wealth more than life! He was willing to forego eternal life in the Kingdom of God for money here on Earth! Jesus got to the heart of the matter for that young man; the thing that was keeping him from truly following God. He goes on to say: