The simplest solution I can see is to swap the first and second paragraphs: As Lauren said; ditch the MMO. You know those things are addictive and you'll never make the time to write if you're playing them (and if you do you'll be distracted by thoughts of the game.) 

OK, I know from experience it can be hard to get an answer to this kind of question. I tend to get upset when my work is critiqued and I know I'm not alone in that. Still I know I'd rather an honest answer... 

This will keep that sentance punchy and reduce the amount of times you use the word "she" in one paragraph. 

Each module contains a comment at the top with the rough plot for the module and some things to keep in mind. This way I can just pick up a new module, free of the weight of previous work, free of the worrying over formatting and layout, and just write. Obviously there's no one answer to this. These are simply my observations on dealing with this issue: I prefer to listen to instrumental music when I’m writing. There's a ton of great free music like this on Jamendo. (For fantasy check out Celestial Aeon Project.) Using a notepad also allows to me to write without worrying about how it looks and sounds; I can polish it up when I type it up. This allows me to write quicker. 

Luckily I think you could just as easily remove it entirely, as you're describing how something looks, rather than what it's doing: 

The hiking trail consisted of pairs of uneven stone steps. On both sides, tall coniferous trees extended tall into the sky, like an army of giants guarding the forest. From between their trunks an ominous mist watched quietly. In the air was the scent of winter, mixed with the smell of soil, dry leaves, moss. If you listened careful enough, you could hear the chirping of birds and insects—a tune so soft, so subtle, you sometimes thought you were humming to yourself. 

So, writing should be fun, we should enjoy it, but it's also about work. If you don't put in solid time you won't get the output. The problem, as you know, is getting started. Hopefully some of these things will help, but I think the biggest one is setting time aside every day. If you can make this routine then eventually you won't even notice it, it'll just be what you do.