I'm interested in influence in the opposite direction, from Polish and/or Czech to German (standard or other dialects), particularly on pronunciation. There is a Euromosaic study alluding to some influence of Polish on Silesian and East Prussian dialects, but it doesn't give any details or sources. P.S.: Phonetic syllabification Possible influence The rounded vowels /y/ and /ø/ are realised as /i/ and /e/ in the Saxon dialect and used to be pronounced this way in Silesian and East Prussian dialects of German: The Slavic influence on some German dialects might have occurred as early as the 10th c. as this is the time German eastward expansion into (not only) Slavic territory started. The relevant Wikipedia article states that old and new population frequently mixed, so there were many opportunities for contact between people. Unfortunately, there is no straightforward syllabification method that is accepted by a majority of linguists. As you pointed out, different dictionaries provide different syllabification methods. Usually, syllabification is considered from a phonological point of view (a phonetic perspective is possible but less common, see below). I think it could be either one, depending on the language. I have my own peculiar theory of syllables, which is a variant of Saussure's idea that syllable structure is a paradigmatic perspective which is reflected syntagmatically, i.e. in the stream of speech, by a phonetic segmental difference between explosive consonants (whose aperture increases) and implosive consonants (whose aperture decreases). For English morphologically simple forms, the only way you can have a weak word initial syllable followed immediately by a stressed syllable (as in "Moˌnonga'hela") is when the initial syllable has a secondary stress (as in "ˌMon'tana"). However, in words with Latinate prefixes (attached with an "=" boundary), we can have unstressed closed weak syllables before a stressed syllable, as in "con='sider". It's called "liaison", after the more systematic phenomenon in French, where consonants at the end of a word, which would ordinarily come at the end of a syllable, are pronounced as though they came at the beginning of a syllable whose vowel is the first sound of the following word. Commonly, consonants at the beginning of a syllable are strongly articulated, i.e. "fortis", while consonants at the end of a syllble are weakly articulated, i.e. "lenis". The Slavic influence on some German dialects might have occurred as early as the 10th c. as this is the time German eastward expansion into (not only) Slavic territory started. The relevant Wikipedia article states that old and new population frequently mixed, so there were many opportunities for contact between people. I'm interested in influence in the opposite direction, from Polish and/or Czech to German (standard or other dialects), particularly on pronunciation. There is a Euromosaic study alluding to some influence of Polish on Silesian and East Prussian dialects, but it doesn't give any details or sources. But I've always found this stress pattern surprising, to me the context in these examples doesn't warrant this kind of contrastive focus (as in "No, I want ChiNESE food, not ITAlian food."). Then again, I'm not a native speaker. So my questions are: The acoustic characteristics of the realisation of a given phoneme may vary depending on phonological context. For example, [v] may have a higher Zero Crossing Rate if it follows a consonant than if it follows a vowel. A similar example in American English is pronouncing The SPE feature system is actually the "universal methodology" that you seek. This is because the features represent independently controllable aspects of articulation. In his book Speech Sounds and Features, Gunnar Fant called this property of the feature system "orthogonality". It means that for the binary features, all combinations of + - are possible, so that 2^(number of features) different sound segments can be distinguished. For English morphologically simple forms, the only way you can have a weak word initial syllable followed immediately by a stressed syllable (as in "Moˌnonga'hela") is when the initial syllable has a secondary stress (as in "ˌMon'tana"). However, in words with Latinate prefixes (attached with an "=" boundary), we can have unstressed closed weak syllables before a stressed syllable, as in "con='sider". I think it could be either one, depending on the language. I have my own peculiar theory of syllables, which is a variant of Saussure's idea that syllable structure is a paradigmatic perspective which is reflected syntagmatically, i.e. in the stream of speech, by a phonetic segmental difference between explosive consonants (whose aperture increases) and implosive consonants (whose aperture decreases).