Don't forget to take a hat to the beach. It's very sunny and some days she didn't want to play in the water - only wanted to play with the sand. This will take a lot of persistence and work on your part. You must be stubborn and convince your child that he is NOT going to get to sleep anywhere but the crib. 

I haven't heard of four months being the magic time when gas pain goes away. Usually gas pain happens when the kid's stomach is adjusting to something new - breast milk, solids, etc. So it'll "come back" when you start your child on solids. Breastfeeding has plenty of benefits that made it worthwhile for me - never having to warm up milk, never having to buy, wash, or sanitize bottles, etc. Growth spurts phases are better because you're not measuring how much milk they need - you just let them drink as much from the boob as they need. Toddlers control the rate of flow better from the boob than from the bottle (little risk of over-feeding). Not sure if it has to do with pumping or not, but I didn't have to deal with engorgement either. My daughter, having never taken the bottle, moved directly from a boob to a bottle. 

From what I know, it is between these ages (2 or 3 to 10 or 11 approximately) that kids like the comfort of knowing some one else is close by. As kids move into adolescence though, separate spaces can help a lot when it comes time for homework space (and quiet), separate belongings and developing senses of style and expression. 

Many mother's join "mom's groups" or "play groups" and meet once a month with other stay-at-home mom's. Its a chance for all the kids to interact and the mom's to network and socialize with other mom's. A site like mommeetmom.com or meetup.com (specifically here) might be helpful if that looks interesting to your wife. 

They (particularly the father) continue to act like it is all a big joke and if they're sitting, they can do it however they want - "After-all, we've already raised six kids successfully." However, the mother actually came into my husband's life when he was already a teen and all the kids were at least in preschool. While the father has parented six kids genetically, it was the grandparents (now, great-grandparents) that did a lot of the raising (until the step-mother came into the picture) So we can't even justify things as, "well, my husband came out of it alright" - the way these two would like us to believe we can. Thankfully, I know this too will pass. I have returned to work after 8 weeks post-natal (I am now at 10 weeks) and although I pump with a top of the line electric pump, I am just not producing quite enough to keep up with my infant's apetite. 

As long as the baby has not developed enough muscular strength in the neck to lift the head when lying belly-down on a floor/bed, the head must also be adequately supported. All carriers I've seen handle this well so it's not an important selection criteria but it must be paid attention to while wearing the carrier. If you're in a very warm climate, you can wrap the baby in thin soft sheets. That should be enough. In colder climates, one could use towels or thicker cloths instead. Regardless whether the baby is wrapped or not, make sure that the baby is not too hot or too cold. 

Of course we sometimes learn during booking that the rate increase is ridiculous, and then we simply don't complete the booking, and look for better alternatives. We've not yet been in a situation where we had to book a certain place. If you go on your trip with a can-do attitude and you're prepared to improvise and laugh at potential misery, then you're already well equipped. The only thing certain about going camping with small kids is that it won't go as planned - but it might be more fun that you thought! I think a nanny cam is worthless, for technical as well as social/legal reasons. In a sentence, it cannot replace trust. Let me first answer your questions, then provide some thoughts: 

Yes and no: yes an infant cries in several distinct ways to tell you what's wrong, yes the phenomenon ends after some months, no I don't think those 5 "words" (as per your Wikipedia link) are international or even noticeable.