But the really important part is the part about his laying down his life and being able to take it up again. 

He caused Elisha's mule to talk. 

From these two passages, I have come to believe that Spirit is interchangeable with experience. Please correct me if I am wrong. 

The soul is given to man when God breathes the breath of life into man, whether that is at conception or at physical birth is the contentious argument on which abortion is based. Most Christians believe that that is at conception, and therefore abortion is killing a living Soul. We are somewhat comforted by the fact that that soul never attained a spirit and therefore will not be subject to the eternal wrath of God. 

Here we find the Angel Gabriel telling Mary that It is God's power that will cause her to become pregnant yet remain a virgin. 

These are the conclusions I have reached in my studies, and there is much more that can be said about the Spirit, But to me the thing that is important is that God has a purpose for every person he places in the womb, and he in his perfect knowledge knows how each Spirit will develop and what ones will accept him. 

He took Elijah to Heaven in a whirlwind as Elisha watched. 

When we accept Christ we lose our old evil Spirit and gain the Spirit of God; 

John 6:54 Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life; and I will raise him up at the last day. 

And that is a few of the passages covered in only in the Old Testament. 

From the following Scripture I glean that there are both good and evil Spirits: 

The Spirit of man then would not be present at formation, or for modern understanding conception. It would be in the case of man an ever changing thing as more and more things were experienced, and that may be the reason Spirit was not mentioned in the creation of man. We may have better insight into this from these Scriptures: 

According to Strong that word was: 

Isaiah 7:13 and 14 And he said, Hear ye now, O house of David; Is it a small thing for you to weary men, but will ye weary my God also? Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel. 

He caused the sun to retreat 10 hours. 

All Scripture is quoted from the King James translation. 

These have apparently abandoned the teachings of the Spirit of God and opted for the teachings of the Spirit of Satan. 

The Soul is that part of man which once established is eternal. Once established it will continue to exist in perpetuity. The Spirit and Soul are the two elements of human existence which will either spend Eternity in Heaven with God or in the lake of fire with Satan. The soul then is that part which given by the breath of God is that part which is Eternal and makes the Spirit eternal. 

Finally; if Jesus were not God all who have put their trust in Jesus for their Salvation would still be lost with no hope of eternal life.