There's a bunch of weird standards for naming the size of tires and rims, and there's an actual ISO standard. 

Google Maps can give you bicycling directions anywhere, but is probably extra good in SF. 

ISO 622 is the same as "700c" (common road size) and 29er (new larger mountain tire). 

I can ride with my hand somewhat like this: 

What's my best option for getting that extra hand position? 

The ISO standard size of your tires and rims is 622. (18mm wide rim and 42mm wide tire) 

Note for all of these: There are various different hand positions in each of those main positions, but not necessarily names for them. Some of the differences can be subtle and don't really look much different, but change the pressure points on your hands. 

I spend maybe 75%-90% of my time riding "on the hoods", a small amount of time on the top flat part, and even less on the drops. 

SF Bike Coalition and 511.org worked together to make BikeMapper, a bicycle-specific tool for finding routes around SF. (also available on SF Bike's site but set up a little differently.) 

Either way, handlebar tape is about due for replacement anyways. 

http://www.goldengatecyclists.org/ (based in SF) http://www.dssf.org/ (LGBT and friends) http://www.westernwheelers.org/main/ (based south of SF) http://www.actc.org/ http://www.valleyspokesmen.org/ http://www.velogirls.com/ (women) 

The best thing to do is ignore the big letter printed names that have inconsistent conventions, and look for the ISO standard stuff, like "42-622". 

"On the corners", "Corners" Hands at the outside end of the section where the bar turns. You can grip the corner different ways. There's a sort of position in between corner and hood ("ramp"?), too. 

‡ If you hadn't heard, Globe is a spinoff from Specialized. 

If the answer is "buy new handlebars", what should I look for in those handlebars? There's a lot of options with "traditional bends", "ergo bend", "variable radius bend", flare, etc. and it's not really clear to me. 

I bought a Surly Long Haul Trucker a couple years ago, and it has the stock handlebars. My hands don't really fit in the drops, and I sometimes would like a lower handlebar position where I can still reach the brake levers. For windy days, going down a hill real fast, going faster for the heck of it, etc. Having my "go fast" hand position be one I can't reach the brakes is kinda scary. My girlfriend recently got a Trek 520 (this year's model) and seems like with her handlebars my hands would actually fit in the drops.