Quran is full of guidelines. here is full of good/impressive guidelines that Quran offers. But this command of God is only to wives of prophet; although one of them did not obey this and left her house and leaded a war. this verse does not apply to all women and every situation, most of verses only apply to a specific time and situation with the potential of generalizing. (b) he believes that the person to whom he wishes to do amr-bil-ma'roof and nahya 'anil munkir will listen and follow the advice. If he is satisfied that the person will not under any circumstances listen to the advice, it is then not wajib upon him to do amr-bil-ma'roof and nahya 'anil munkir to that person; 

3- And of course, is Quran in general tolerant? I mean is it really strict in it's rules(I have not read it myself, yet, but I will one day). 

The four witnesses mentioned in Quran is for accusation of adultery to a chaste woman which is a different case. In Islam there are different ways that an accusation of crime can be proved in Islamic court. 

(a) he himself is aware of what is good and what is bad from the Islamic point of view; 

A few ahaadeeth on the subject are worth noting: Prayer (Salat), According to Five Islamic Schools of Law (a) By tongue. By talking to the person and persuading him, using the politest posible language to start off with. 2- Is it true that if you get wealthy you have to feed the poor in your city one a week on the weekends? 

Haram: An action which is forbidden, and Islamicly punishable. (Reference) Any other good/impressive guidelines that Quran offers are more then welcome. 

Amr-bil-ma'roof and nahya 'anil munkir are wajib-e-Kifaai. If one person does it, it is saqit on the others. If no one does it all are equally accountable, regardless of their financial or social status, provided the following requirements are met: 

This is an Islamic law called "ENJOINING GOOD & FORBIDDING EVIL" in countries without Islamic government this is not done by government but Muslims should advice each other. 

Obligatory Acts Relating to Namaz from Risalah of Ayatullah al Uzama Syed Ali al-Husaini Seestani Lets assume a man is dead and his left relatives are his wife, his parents and 3 daughters and after paying all debts and costs of funeral and any other payable amounts before dividing, finally there remains 1,000,000 $. How much is the share of any of the remained relatives? According to the no. 5 one way of certainty of judge is the certificate of Iranian Legal Medicine Organization. http://www.al-islam.org/organizations/aalimnetwork/msg00304.html 

According to laws of Islamic Republic of Iran (which are fully based on Jafari Fiqh) proving of crime can be accepted for jude by any of these methods: According to Fiqh of Shia Islam: 

(Only the final solution is not purpose of this question. instead solution including the verses and authentic hadith used is the main purpose of this question.) 

How to Perform the Daily Prayers (illustrated positions of Salat) No, Quran does not forbid women from going to school. There is only a verse in Quran (relevant to the matter) ordering to only wives of prophet that they should remain in their homes: Addressing the Muslim scholars in Mecca after he had left Madinah on his way to Kerbala, Imam Hussain (A.S.) remonstrated with them because of their failure to do amr-bil-ma'roof and nahya 'anil munkir. This is a very long hadith and is reported in Al-Tawhid Vol.VII, No.4 p.41. It also explains Imams's stand against Yezid. I request the administration to arrange to post the Hadith.