Again the sabermetrics in football are all over the place. KC Joyner has some and I laugh when I see some of his stats and some of his stuff is great. Football Outsiders does some advanced metrics too. This isn't baseball though. One guys trash could be another guys treasure because they are in opposite schemes and have different wants. So I think some of the advanced metrics will show up on more sites but really the numbers that matter are how you are grading out in-house. 

just to cause general confusion. Basically by putting a man in motion - let's say hard motion from one side to another - you are basically making up to 7 guys on the defense all be on the same page on a possible total coverage change. A motion man swapping could change the call from zone to man or vice versa. If one of those 7 guys makes a mental mistake then you may have a free WR running downfield. 

Note: That if this happened that the NFL draft would have to have a complete overhaul. Actually the whole player acquisition process would have to be overhauled too. So first the draft might have to go 20+ rounds to support a team's ownership of a minor league player. This would mimic baseball/hockey and would really be a different. 

if the QB is having a hard time reading the coverage the slot guy will often motion to produce a trips or quad situation. By having a bunch of trips or quads on a side you are forcing a team to shell into some sort of man concept most of the time. 

f motion right - motion and extras. I am telling my fullback to motion right. In this playcall he will motion facing line of scrimmage very slowly and will end up over the tackle. How does he know that? Because the fullback only has a few motion calls and he has practiced it 100 times. He doesn't just run right until he hits the sideline. He will motion to the tackle and will get the first man around the tackle. This motion actually impacts everyone on the line and the RB too! Since the FB has motion right, he will pick up the edge. Meaning that the right side of my line will squeeze in knowing they have help outside. My RB knows that he will step up to the left since there is already help on the right. The left side of my line will block "normal" knowing that the RB is probably better off taking on a leaker than someone on the edge. 

In 1989, the NFL felt so strongly about the disadvantage that the visiting offense faced that they instituted a penalty for excessive crowd noise, issued against the home defense. The referees in enforcing the rule could take away timeouts and issue penalties, 5 yards at a time, until the crowd quieted down. The new rule also banned stadiums from encouraging noise via announcements. The rule was not very popular, and officials eventually stopped enforcing the rule. The penalty was officially dropped from the rulebook in 2007, and video scoreboard announcements encouraging noise were allowed again in 2013. 

One other thing to note about third-down efficiency statistics: If the first down is achieved as a result of a penalty, then it does not count as an attempt for statistics purposes. 

They always say that it is hard to beat the same team three times in one season. However, it happens periodically. Since 1950, it has happened 17 times: 

Dallas isn't the only team to select white jerseys at home. Washington wore white at home for many years, and Miami usually chooses white for day games, forcing their opponents to wear dark colors in the Florida sun. 

This is something that both Sanders and Jackson shared, both were very good at both sports to the extent that teams were willing to let them do both even though they had to sacrifice a roster spot to a player who would not be there 100% of the time. 

This requires a great deal of good will from both your NFL and MLB teams (and obviously sufficient star power in both sports for them to be willing to let you have this much flexibility). 

Additionally, the same document states (7.3): 

A 4-2-5 is mostly regularly played in college where spread offenses are very common and you need more defensive backs to combat the prolific passing game. However, on long third down situations, this is also a fairly common defense in pro football. For instance, one version of this formation is the one you will hear referred to as the "Nickel Package.", in which you have 3 corner backs and 2 safeties. However, there are other version of this defense played in the NFL where you will have 3 safeties and 2 corners. 

ESPN, SI, YSports and many other organizations put out their own Power Rankings. These rankings have absolutely no importance whatsoever to determining league championships. 

As to why they differ dramatically in how they move teams about, it actually probably has a lot to do with their intent, but also how the post season in each league is structured. 

Obviously this is apples to oranges. Aggregated polls versus very small sample analysis means that the results really aren't comparable between the two functions. 

There have been two men in recent history who have managed to play both professional baseball and professional football at the same time. Deon Sanders and Bo Jackson. 

Additionally, there is a specific excpetion for the holder on a scrimmage kick 

These lists are compiled, and posted on major sports websites. Until this year, these polls were factored into the computer rankings that determined which two teams would compete for the national championship. This year, four teams will be selected to compete, and these polls may or may not factor into the decision making process. 

Take a look at this fake extra point Oregon executed for a 2 point conversion in the 2011 BCS championship game. Note how the holder comes out of his crouch and does not have his knee touching the ground when he receives the football. 

This seems to indicate that you get the best pick available from the team signing the player you've tendered. 

I've noticed that sometimes an offensive lineman will seem to get down in his stance but then stand back up to listen to the Quarterbacks' audible. 

Basically what has to happen is a defensive player commits a safety in the end zone. It's more common in college football as PAT attempts can be returned for 2 points. It happened as recently as the 2013 Fiesta Bowl.