If you hit the flush on the flop or turn you need to get aggressive and bet like the a full or 2/3 pot. You do not want a 4 flush on the board as then you are like 50 50. You need to bet some sets and 2 pair the same way. 

Depending on how often the BU raises you should be defending with a re-raise a decent range. If you defend with 88+ and sometimes just suited connector then AA will not stick out. Just call with some of your re-raise range sometimes but I would always re-raise AA here. 

From the boat there are 45 cards out and need to match the pair on the board So the odds of getting quadded are: (2/2) / (45/2) = 0.00101 = 0.1% Which also = 2/45 * 1/44 

Small ball is a strategy to protect the down side (losses). It is most effective in a tournament where getting stacked means you are out. In the Independent Chip Model (ICM) a chip you lose is worth more than a chip you win. It takes some of the variance out. 

Hit a flush on the river is scarier as people play Ax suited so still don't look to get all your chips in the pot. But you cannot fold to a big get or you will be exploited. 

Pre Hero (BTN) makes a nice raise in my opinion. 

If you were out of position you could have led out for 1/2 the pot to look like a flush value bet. If he comes back then you are pretty sure he has the flush. But in the case you could be pretty sure he had it without investing another 1/2 pot. 

If a fish opens for even 5 BB call with your whole range and stack them because they think 2 pair is good. Or call down middle pair when you have top pair. 

One of the other players said to the floor you need to make a ruling here and called the clock. 

Odds of 2 pair, trips, or flush does not go down. It opens up my range and lets me see more flops. I like to see flops in position for the right price. 

Have a plan so you don't need to think as much. But that plan should not be predictable. E.G. play 78s from mid like x%. Bet a lot of your hands the same way. 

Straights don't hit a lot but when they do you can often get paid off by 1 and 2 pair hands. If you have the top end with no pair on the board and no flush draw then you get in with no risk. 

Secondary was it correct play? 

When Alec raised to 2825 he still had to get through 5 players. It was not a bluff. I would put AQo on the bottom of his range here. And he could be on a monster.