Do we have any information at all with which to at least form an estimate? Given that he was archbishop, does that suggest that he was older? 

This answer is drawn from material I received from Chris Engelsma. One question I didn't take into account at first was which of the four editions of the Loci Bavinck is thinking of; however, if we are to go with the 1521, the answer seems to be relatively clear. If we compare the TOC of the Loci with the TOC of Book I and Book II of the Sentences, there is virtually no resemblance. However, looking at the TOC of the Loci, the influence of Romans is obvious. 

A further reference confirming that both the content and the form of Melanchthon's book was based most heavily on Romans, which I received via Dr. Joel Beeke, is Timothy J. Wengert, "The Rhetorical Paul: Philip Melanchthon's Interpretation of the Pauline Epistles," in A Companion to Paul in the Reformation, ed. R. Ward Holder (Leiden: Brill, 2009), 136. 

Some further quotes that are of interest, also sent to me by Mr. Engelsma. 

I have a timeline of church history that I've been building that includes things like councils, important dates, and lifespans. I would like to add Flavian of Constantinople, but have been unable to find even an estimated birth date for him. I recognize that the farther you go back in church history, the harder it is to find precise dates, and I'm okay with that. If I could even guess the decade of his life in which he died, that would give me at least something to go off. However, everywhere I find information about him simply lists his birth date as unknown. 

This is followed a few verses later (Ephesians 6:9) with: 

Deuteronomy 15:12-14 liberalizes some of the rules for Hebrew slaves, especially concerning who can be freed and what type of severance a freed slave should be given. 

The starting point for Christian justification of slavery is Genesis 9:24-27. 

Finally, 1 Peter 2:18-21 commands slaves to accept whatever harsh treatment their masters deal out. 

Similar instructions appear in Colossians 3:22-4:1. 

Similar instructions appear in Colossians 3:22-4:1. 

These last two passages have no corresponding instructions for slaveholders. 

The starting point for Christian justification of slavery is Genesis 9:24-27. 

The phrase "both of you have the same Master" can be--and has been--interpreted to mean Paul is giving instructions to Christian masters of Christian slaves. 

I have not been able to find evidence of a Baptist argument for slavery that differs from other pro-slavery denominations. Baptist minister Richard Furman (for whom Furman University was named) published a philosophical defense of slavery that alluded to biblical support but did not elaborate on it. The proof texts would have been well known to his readers. 

Rules for foreigners sold into slavery can be found in Leviticus 25:44-46. Regardless of age or gender, they could be held for life and could be inherited as property. 

That's probably the closest biblical match to slavery as it was practiced in the United States and Britain. 

1 Many modern scholars do not believe Paul wrote Titus, Ephesians, or Colossians, in part because they doubt the man who had said, "There is neither Jew nor Gentile, neither slave nor free, nor is there male and female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus," (Galatians 3:28), and who urged Philemon to free Onesimus and accept him as a brother (Philemon 1:15-16), would have been so accommodating to slavery.