In the Dutch general election, 2017 the overall result⁰ for the largest parties was: Note that in principle, whether or not someone voted at all is not guaranteed to be anonymous in this system, but it isn't either when a name is crossed on a list. I'm not sure if it's possible at all for this aspect to be anonymous, short of destroying all relevant information immediately after the elections. 

Such a voting advice application exists at least in The Netherlands and Germany, and perhaps a handful of other countries. However, it seems that in many countries, no such thing exists. For example, I haven't seen anything similar for the US Presidential Elections, neither for the primaries nor for the final elections. If it exists, it's marginal, and I doubt very many people have used it. It's quite simple: every voter gets a single voter card with their name on it. When they go to a polling station, they hand in their voting card (and show their ID) and get a different, anonymous card in return. Then they go and cast their ballot at this polling station. Anonymity is guaranteed because the voting card does not end up in the booth. 

This is particularly relevant in a first-path-the-post winner-takes-all system. In many constituencies, the largest party received less than 50% of the vote: Looking at the list, the lists are numbered as follows: 

In the opinion polls for the upcoming election, 14 parties are deemed to have a good chance to enter parliament. They could agree to not stand in the same constituencies, like for the partial PS-EELV (red-green) agreement in France. In the NOS election debates for the Dutch General election, 2017, invited parties include all 11 parties that gained seats at the previous elections as well as the new parties Nieuwe Wegen, VoorNederland, and DENK. How are the latter three invitees determined? In polls, DENK polls at 0–2 seats, VoorNederland at 0–1 seats, and Forum voor Democratie at 0–1 seats. Forum voor Democratie was not invited; Nieuwe Wegen was; I have not seen any opinion poll in which it would enter parliament (threshold 0.67%). The linked NOS article states invitees are voor de helft bepaald door het huidige aantal zetels in de Tweede Kamer en voor de andere helft door de Peilingwijzer van 1 februari, which means determined half by the current seat number in de Tweede Kamer and half for the other by the meta-poll Peilingwĳzer. However, neither Nieuwe Wegen, VoorNederland, or DENK are currently in parliament, and Nieuwe Wegen has not even appeared in Peilingwĳzer, so that does not explain why Nieuwe Wegen was invited but Forum voor Democratie was not. 

Lokaal in de Kamer, 15 constituencies JEZUS LEEFT, 7 constituencies StemNL, 9 constituencies MenS en Spirit / Basisinkomen Partij / V-R, 2 constituencies There appears to be a contradiction between the explanation of how lists are numbered (descending order number of constituencies), and the order between lists 25 and 26. Why did JEZUS LEEFT receive a lower list number than StemNL despite participating in fewer constituencies? 

⁰As of 17 March, this result is still preliminary based on a first round of counting, but is unlikely to differ by more than 0.1% from the final result to be announced on 21 March. 

What are the current rules for the number of candidates per list that parties can field? 

I thought there might be a clue in the difference between the number of constituencies for which a list was handed in, versus the number that was approved. This does not explain the discrepancy: section five of the proces-verbaal (page 19 onward) describes rejected lists; Jezus Leeft handed in lists in 7 constituencies, all were approved; StemNL handed in lists in 20 constituencies, 11 were rejected, 9 were approved. So the inconsistent list ordering does not relate to the number of constituencies prior to approval checking, either. On April 18th 2017: (2 days after the snap election was called) YouGov reported that when asked the question: Which of the following do you think would make the best Prime Minister? Credit to Steve Melnikoff for point regarding how King returned to parliament in Canada 

The best example of a Prime Minister who lost his seat but remained prime minister is William Lyon Mackenzie King who lost his seat in in the 1925 Canadian general election and in the 1945 Canadian general election, but still kept the job as Prime Minister of Canada. He returned to parliament shortly after each of these elections by persuading a member of his own party to resign from a safe seat (which triggered a by-election) where he stood in turn and won. Alternatively if there are only two candidates it is determined by coin toss with a £1 coin (although don't ask me if it's going to be the new £1 coins or the old ones). 

This is the best polling data that I could find specifically in relation to public opinion on Jeremy corbyn 

Which of the following do you think would makethe best Prime Minister? On May 30-31 2017: YouGov reported that when asked the question: 

There is a detailed breakdown of the answer to this question on every YouGov poll since the EU referendum that can be found here. In 2007 the Prime Minister of Australia John Howard lost his seat, but his party also lost the election. He is the second Australian Prime Minister to lose his sear in an election after Stanley Bruce in 1929. 

In Britain Prime Minister Arthur Balfour lost his seat of Manchester East in the 1906 general election, but remained Conservative party leader, without a seat.