One who commits fornication with a woman. It is permissible for him to marry her and it is also permissible for another man to marry her. Quran 4:23 Prohibited to you [for marriage] are your mothers, your daughters, your sisters, your father's sisters, your mother's sisters, your brother's daughters, your sister's daughters, your [milk] mothers who nursed you, your sisters through nursing, your wives' mothers, and your step-daughters under your guardianship [born] of your wives unto whom you have gone in. But if you have not gone in unto them, there is no sin upon you. And [also prohibited are] the wives of your sons who are from your [own] loins, and that you take [in marriage] two sisters simultaneously, except for what has already occurred. Indeed, Allah is ever Forgiving and Merciful. 

Verse 5:5 permits marriage with people who have been " given the book before you ": 

According to the Hanafi school of thought, the witnesses of a Muslim marriage must be Muslim and otherwise the Nikah is not valid. Forbidden for marriage those without a Book, such as the idolators and magians. It is permissible to marry people of the Book, but it is makruh (disliked) when they are from a nation with which the Muslims are at war, and it is correct when they are Dhimmis (subjects of a Muslim state). The People of the Book are Jews and Christians, but not those only based on the Zabur (Psalms) etc. Narrated `Aisha: I said, "O Allah's Messenger (ﷺ)! A virgin feels shy." He said, "Her consent is (expressed by) her silence." [ Saheeh Bukhari ] 

Quran 24:33 But let them who find not [the means for] marriage abstain [from sexual relations] until Allah enriches them from His bounty ... 

The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "A matron should not be given in marriage except after consulting her; and a virgin should not be given in marriage except after her permission." The people asked, "O Allah's Messenger (ﷺ)! How can we know her permission?" He said, "Her silence (indicates her permission). [Saheeh Muslim] 

Marriage is only forbidden with the stated relatives mentioned in the following verses: 

The same is noted in Mukhtasar Al-Qudri. Regarding Magians, its the consensus of the ulema, except for a group which dissented, that their slaughtered will not be eaten nor will they be married, because the majority view of the scholars is that they are not people of the book. 

Neither those who disbelieve from the People of the Scripture nor the polytheists wish that any good should be sent down to you from your Lord. But Allah selects for His mercy whom He wills, and Allah is the possessor of great bounty. 

It refers to habitual offenders and professional prostitutes and not those who have done Zina occasionally as a mistake. This is because the Asbabul Nazool (reason for revelation) have narrations about a Muslim man seeking permission to marry a woman with immoral character. This is also the interpretation for 5:5, i.e. the person should not be habitually immoral. So again, the best course of action is that you take divorce. If it was the third divorce then the couple can not remarry unless the woman marries another man and is genuinely divorced or widowed in the second marriage, and no passage of time will make them lawful otherwise. The "daughters" here means any descendant of a sister. https://islamqa.info/en/96460 http://www.islamweb.net/emainpage/index.php?page=showfatwa&Option=FatwaId&Id=343603 The complete Shafi position seems to be that a virgin, adult or minor, may be married without her consent by her father and grandfather (marriage would be valid), provided that they marry her to a suitable match. The preferred option however is to seek her consent because of the source material quoted above. A non-virgin can not be married against her consent according to the Shafis. Lack of wealth IS a barrier to suitability, and its listed in your quotation (profession).