It is used in certain Semitic languages, like Akkadian and Old Babylonian, for adjectives that have morphed into predicative verbs. As I understand it, an adjective like "heavy" evolved into a verb that meant "to be heavy". It is called stative or permansive because it indicates a state of being, as opposed to a change. This article on Balshanut explains it well enough, and it is in any case interesting: 

You may have noticed that not all of these criteria are easy to check beyond doubt, especially the semantic criteria. Take this example: Note that it depends on context whether a construction is grammatical: if I were writing about standard English, I'd have to use an asterisk; but, if I were writing about a certain dialect where this construction is actually used by some, the asterisk is out of place. 

Fourthly, people have been using this label for ages: why change it now, and bother them to learn yet another term without a strong reason? 

B. The adjective must assign a property to the subject. This is a semantic criterion (having to do with meaning), not a morpho-syntactic one (form). The apple is red; the number turned out larger than expected. 

Secondly, because subject complements used to be clearly marked as such by being in the nominative case when the precursors to modern English still used cases consistently; this makes it easier to maintain a consistent set of labels for the same construction through the ages. It is the same construction, because that man was I has not changed essentially between then and now: it is rather that the case endings of nouns were dropped gradually. So we would have to take an arbitrary point in time at which we suddenly start using a different label for this construction. In addition, the gender of the subject could be used to identify subject complements too, before endings were dropped. An adjective would agree with the gender of the subject if used as a subject complement. 

In short, whatever they depend on treats them as nouns or adjectives, while they themselves treat their own dependencies mostly as verbal arguments. That applies to participles/gerunds/infinitives in all languages I know, which are admittedly Indo-European; I'm not sure this category even makes sense in other linguistic families. So all criteria together are a fairly tight test; but it must be noted that the boundary between copulae and non-copulae is not without weak spots. There are bound to be dubious cases. Even so, this is a useful distinction in many situations. Why is "copula" a useful category? First of all, because copulae generally behave differently from transitive verbs and verbs that take adverbs as secondary complements.