Richard married Berengaria of Navarre in May 1191, on his way to the Holy Land during the Third Crusade. He didn't spend much time with her, and they certainly never had any children. In fairness, Richard spent the the rest of his life either on campaign in Outremer, in prison in Germany or fighting the French King in Normandy. [Some chroniclers (notably Henry of Huntingdon and William of Nangis) suggested that the White Ship sank "because all [the men] aboard were sodomites". This was, presumably, simply a reflection of the medieval belief that disaster was an act of God, and always the result of sin. That said, Henry was often quick to assume the worst about people - it's probably one of the reasons that his books were so popular!] Richard's lands were under the protection of the church until he returned from Crusade. (Standard operating procedure while kings and lords were on Crusade) Richard got to keep the lands which he had received in Normandy as dowry for Philip's sister Alice (or Alys), after he broke the betrothal, in return for a payment of 10,000 marks. (agreed between Richard and Philip in Sicily en-route to the Crusade) Yes, Philip broke both agreements. 

In late 1190, both kings had arrived on Sicily, en-route for the Holy Land. Relations between the two men were always fractious, and the situation was not improved when, early in 1191, Richard broke off his long-standing betrothal to Alice and announced that he would marry Berengaria of Navarre. Richard made matters worse by claiming that Alice had been Henry II's mistress, and that she had borne him an illegitimate son. 

Sandy Ware is a type of medieval (and earlier) pottery with enough quartz sand mixed in with the clay for it to be visible in the fabric of the pot. The sand acted as a temper which helped bind the clay together, and keep the finished pot from cracking while being dried and subsequently fired. Examples are found across the UK, and have different chronologies in different part of the country. In their book, Henry II: New Interpretations, Christopher Harper-Bill and Nicholas Vincent discuss the annual income received by King Henry II of England, based on the earlier analysis by James Ramsey. There are a range of figures to choose from: 

While en-route to England, Richard was captured and imprisoned by Leopold V, Duke of Austria. Leopold was another noble who had fallen out with Richard following the siege of Acre, and departed from the crusade early. Richard was subsequently transferred to the custody of Henry VI, Holy Roman Emperor. It took a "king's ransom" of 150,000 marks to obtain his release, and he didn't get back to England until March 1194.