To deacon, subdeacon, and ministers, who carry out their ministry in a solemn or pontifical Mass; 

In a different perspective, in an invalid sacrament Jesus is not present. But in a illicit (but valid) sacrament Jesus is present, but he is not happy about that. 

Sinfulness of the person holding the office does not invalidate the office itself. 

The quote you have mentioned talks about continuity in the see of peter. That is the continuity in papal succession. In other words, there is no time in history of papacy where the see of peter (or the post of the pope) is deserted with no claimants and no conclave was held to elect his successor. Note that the see could be vacant, but during that time the conclave could be taking place. This is what is called unbroken line of successors of Peter. 

But as with most disciplinary regulations of the Church, the diocesan Bishop may establish norms for Communion under both kinds for his own diocese permitting the parish priest to decide on whether to administer the sacrament in both kind (GIRM 283), as long as there is no danger of profanation of the Sacrament or of the rite’s becoming difficult because of the large number of participants or some other reason. 

By the word important, if you mean the importance of the Mass itself, then for Catholics all mass is the same Calvary sacrifice, no one mass is greater than the other. 

In the administration of Viaticum, to the sick person and to all who are present when Mass is celebrated in the house of the sick person, in accordance with the existing norms; 

Celebrant: Do you reject the glamor of evil, and refuse to be mastered by sin? 

Licit and valid: Mass performed by a priest in Good standing with the diocese. 

Renunciation of the Devil in the Baptismal Rite is believed to be of Apostolic origin. The first explicit record of the use of this formula comes from Tertullian, where he says: 

Because many bishops complained that the process of canonization was way too much cumbersome. 

a) to all who exercise a genuine liturgical function in this concelebration, including lay people and to all seminarians who are present; 

For the practicing Catholic, which Mass service is most important? 

After this during Liturgy of the Eucharist, all prayers said is based on biblical verses. So, in a way Mass is bible in action. 

b) in their churches, to all members of institutes practicing the evangelical virtues and of other societies in which the members either through religious vows or offering or a promise dedicate themselves to God; and also to all those who normally live in the house of the members of these institutes and societies. 

I am that individual, and by perfect, I meant sinless. Which is perfect in God's eyes.Matthew 5:48 

1 Corinthians 11 : 27-29 states 'if anyone eats this bread or drinks this cup of the Lord unworthily, he will be held to account for the Lord’s body and blood.' Here St. Paul attaches the same guilt "of the body and the blood of the Lord" (copulative) to the unworthy "eating or drinking"(disjunctive). In its article The Real Presence of Christ in the Eucharist, Catholic Encyclopedia points out that based on this verse Catholic church believes that Jesus, in the species of bread alone, is fully present with his entire body, blood, soul and Divinity. 

The King James Version is not accepted by the Catholic Church. Primarily because it is translated to fit Anglican theology src1 src2. There is no Catholic edition of the NIV either. Not to mention these misses Deuterocanonical Books. Regarding NRSV make sure it is a Catholic edition. 

Instances of the papal office being sold. 

The main reason for the Catholic faithful not to partake in the cup is because of practical purposes. It is quite impossible to provide the cup for hundreds of people in a mass and protect the sacred species from spilling to ground. This is the only reason for which currently faithful are not required to receive in both forms on any given day. 

More generic example: If you steal money from a bank the money is illicit. If you print your own money the money is invalid. 

When there is a concelebration: 

Where would Bible Study and devotionals fit in? 

I don't know what alternative point of view you are talking about. But As far as I know, Jesus changed his name to Cephas (Yes, Cephas - as in Galatians 2:7-14, I Cor. 1:11-13, I Cor. 3:21, I Cor. 9:5 and I Cor. 15:5 meaning Rock not a pebble) has no other reasonable explanation. (Unlike James and John - the sons of thunder - , Cephas is not a name that denotes Peter's Character).