You also brought up the statement: "Nonexistence can never be proven." That can trivially be shown to be false. A standard counterexample would be the existence of a married bachelor, which is false by definition. Another example: I don't have at least a million dollars in my bank account and I can prove it. Or: I don't have a best selling book that I've written or a tattoo that says "Mom" on my arm. So you'd need to add some qualifications to that statement to make it true. Note that by using the word "form" (μορφη1 in the Greek) Paul is referencing Plato (or at least the ideas of Plato, which he'd been trained in). Jesus started with the "shape" or form of God, which meant that he was identical to God on a Platonic level. It isn't a perfect choice of words, as we shall see in a moment, but it speaks in terms his listeners would understand. One way to answer the question (and I suspect there are many approaches) would be to define reason as the product of an instrument of rationality, i.e., a mind. What makes the question more than trivial for us, however, is that our minds are connected to bodies that interfere with reason. Emotion, instinct, and biases often dominate the function of the mind and produce various type of irrational thought. Often we work together to form a set of rules we agree on and can apply to validate our reasoning. Remarkably, there are many overlaps between one set of rules and all other sets of rules. Therefore, over time, we've learned to use these basic rules of reason and declare that thoughts which conform to these rules are rational. You can find examples of these rules in the other answers. From there, Paul says Jesus took on a different form, that of a servant and a man. Many of the paradoxes above arise from taking an idea out of context and trying to fit it into a belief system where it does not fit. Take for instance, omnipotence (often the source of these paradoxes). Here's what St. Paul said about Jesus' power: You need to add more propositions, which may not be accepted. You suggested: The whole idea of a God becoming a man so that he can be executed, which will allow him to be exalted, is on the face absurd. If you want to dismiss the whole thing as nonsense, you may. In that case, it should be no surprise that there are dozens of paradoxes in addition to the first bit of nonsense. But you really can't expect those paradoxes to be convincing to those of us who have accepted the far more absurd idea that God would allow himself to be executed. And if the only people who are convinced they are a problem are the people who already reject the basic notion of Christianity, these paradoxes aren't very interesting arguments. They are a sort of straw man. An oddity of the human mind is that when it considers its own thoughts, it usually finds a great deal to like and when it considers the thoughts of others, it often is skeptical. I've found this can happen even when I'm in agreement with the thoughts of others! (I believe the Ontological argument is valid and so does my friend. But I think he might be wrong.) We are often over-skeptical of the ideas of others and over-confident of our own ideas. ἰδέα would have been an even stronger callback to Plato, which may be why Paul didn't use it. In summary, if you convert a claim of nonexistence into a claim of existence, you must take on the burden of proving the premises you used to do the conversion in addition to proving the new claim. In some cases, the extra burden in not worth the effort. Notice that in both cases, the superposition state collapses because of a choice: the observer decides to open the box and God decides to make something. In many ways, all of our choices collapse superpositions. Paradoxically, we really can't do all the things that we are able to do. I am able to write this paragraph and I am able to not write it, but I can't do both. As I see it, the question is really asking about a paradox of choice in general using, in typical philosophical fashion, the most extreme example: a being not bond by any external entity when it comes to making decisions. God becoming man is equally nonsensical to Jewish thought, but for very different reasons. At least one solution to the various paradoxes is suggested in this passage: God may chose to be limited. Can God die? Yes, if He chooses. Can God change what He knows what will happen tomorrow? Yes, if He chooses. Can God create a stone He can not lift? Yes, if He chooses. Can He lift that stone? Yes, if He chooses.3