Bryan and Hanna were so successful at realigning the coalitions of the two parties that the 1896 election is considered to be a pivotal realigning election, ushering in the Fourth Party System. Business became associated with the Republicans, which in the 1900s led to unions and the Democrats tightening their bonds. Quote from Robert H. Wiebe's The Search for Order, 1877-1920 Short Answer: Jefferson was anti-Jacksonian. Madison was neither Jacksonian nor anti-Jacksonian. * Keep in mind that bias enters these numbers twice: magazine readership is not representative of the population, nor are those who respond to magazine polls representative of magazine readership. But in this case, they actually might have been fairly accurate (see the second bullet point). 

Did Jackson make any other statements on the shape of the earth? But Johnson turned out to have no political touch. Needless to say, history might have been pretty different if Lincoln had chosen someone else. 

Madison was ambiguous enough that even as late as 1834, “Madison was repeatedly urged to speak out against the putative evils of [Jackson’s] executive usurpation” (McCoy 158). Madison certainly wasn’t fond of Jackson, but he believed “that Jackson’s popularity was an anomaly, which suggested that any danger posed by his abuse of patronage would die with his presidency” (McCoy 158). Because Madison saw the nullification crisis as the greatest threat to the Union, he refused to lend assistance to the anti-Jackson forces, no matter how often his friends implored him to. (Many books written in 20-th century were strongly influenced by powerful Soviet Communist propaganda, which completely distorted history. This includes many books by Western authors. Other books, much fewer in number, written by the "whites" are also usually driven by their agenda). In the 19-th century it was penetrated again. And again the Japanese managed to do the thing nobody else could. They quickly (VERY quickly) modernized their country themselves, in less than 1/2 of a century, I think this feat has no parallel in history, and by the beginning of 20-th century they were a "world power" that nobody would easily colonize. Since then, this is a custom in some dictatorships. 

Bolsheviks and Mensheviks were the split parts of the Social-Democratic party, (SD) which in 1917 was a minority party in all respects. So one cannot say that they expressed the views of the majority of workers, peasants or soldiers. Yes, you are almost completely off track:-) The situation was a) much more complicated, and b) quickly changing with time during 1917-1918. I am a Russian speaker who read the book, and many reviews of this book. Most reviews label it as anti-semitic. Its main point is to justify or acquit all Russian actions with respect to the Jews. And to shift the blame on the Jews whenever he can. I would not recommend this as a book on the history of Jews in Russia. On my opinion, the book is of interest from the point of view of history of the Russian chauvinist thought. All parties except left SR refused to co-operate with Bolsheviks after the this coup. 

Usually such countries have all attributes of democracy: a constitution and parliaments, even an "elected president". But really this is a rule of one person, who is secretly elected by a small band, called Politburo of the Communist party, usually for life time, unless the same Politburo stages a coup. The only difference is that in some of these countries this power is hereditary and in others it is not. 

The policies of Soviet Union were never determined by "hate" or other emotions. They were always pragmatic. (For example, they "hated" Nazism when they found it useful, and then suddenly made a U-turn and started to support Nazi Germany, when they saw potential benefits of this. And did this until they were attacked themselves). There was also an administrative consideration. In 1864, it was time for Lincoln's administration to consider how to integrate the South back into the Union. The South had seceded in part because the Republicans (with exclusively Northern support) had been elected to the presidency. The Republicans knew that Reconstruction would be easier if they could claim some support from the South. Lincoln signaled his leniency and willingness to welcome the South back into the fold by (temporarily) renaming his party the "National Unity Party" and selecting a Southern Democrat as a running mate. It was Burr's lack of ideological fervor--his overweening concern for himself--that led Federalists to try to throw the election to Burr. Better Burr (whose own self-interest would lead him to play ball with existing Federalist power structures) than the ideologue Jefferson. 

* It should be noted that the parties weren't always so concerned with ideological congruence between candidates. Every Whig to win an election died in office and was replaced with someone ideological dissimilar: William Henry Harrison and John Tyler; Zachary Taylor and Millard Fillmore. And if you count Lincoln (a former Whig), that's 3 for 3. It's an incredible streak of bad luck. 

By 1827, the Republicans were the only party that mattered at the national level. When it came time to nominate a presidential candidate in 1828, Republican state parties failed to agree on a single candidate, and so the Republican state parties split into competing caucuses. 

You will occasionally see references to the possibility that Andrew Jackson believed the earth was flat. One source for this claim is a well-respected history of the period by Edward Pessen: Why Johnson? Well, he was from Tennessee for one thing. Lincoln was beginning to undertake the wartime reconstruction of occupied southern states, including Tennessee. If Tennessee were smoothly integrated back into the Union, it would provide Southern states with evidence of Lincoln's sincere lack of interest in retribution. From this perspective, Johnson's selection is an extension of the rhetorical approach Lincoln took in his Second Inaugural ("With malice toward none..."). 

Madison was ambiguous enough that even as late as 1834, “Madison was repeatedly urged to speak out against the putative evils of [Jackson’s] executive usurpation” (McCoy 158). Madison certainly wasn’t fond of Jackson, but he believed “that Jackson’s popularity was an anomaly, which suggested that any danger posed by his abuse of patronage would die with his presidency” (McCoy 158). Because Madison saw the nullification crisis as the greatest threat to the Union, he refused to lend assistance to the anti-Jackson forces, no matter how often his friends implored him to.