Hunan - taken over politically after the Japanese invasion started Sichuan - gradually fell under central control as the wartime seat of government Yunnan - forcibly brought under control by a Nationalist army in 1945 Shanxi - fell under control in 1945 as Communists decimated warlord Yen Hsi-Shan's army Shensi - Nationalist forces garrisoned the southern regions during the war with Japan Taiwan - received from Japan after the surrender North China - some parts taken over by Nationalist forces, including Peking Manchuria - Nationalist forces secured a coastal tract, from the Shanhai Pass to Mudken The Nationalist government also extended its influence over the Guangxi Clique, and to a lesser extent other peripheral regions such as Tibet. However central government control was weak, if not purely nominal. The Guanxi Clique for instance could not be ordered; the government had to rely strongly on good will and common antipathy towards the Communists. 

China to join the Anti-Comintern Pact Break off relations with the Soviet Union Put an end to the Chinese anti-Japan movement Autonomy for Inner Monolia Demilitarisation Zone on border with Manchukuo and in Shanghai This initial offer was rejected immediately. At this stage, Japanese High Command had no plans to move on Nanking. On 7 November, the Army General Staff issued an order limiting operations in the theatre to a line east of Suzhou and Jiaxing. This order was subsequently disregarded by Japanese units on the ground on 19 November. The Japanese government then repeated its previous peace terms on 22 November. 

Those who belonged to the Kempetai were apparently all wanted by the allies. Apart from them, I'm not sure which of the Japanese soldiers were, or were accused of being, war criminals. It seems France primarily wanted to deprive the Vietnamese of Japanese military training and assistance. At any rate, beginning in 1951 these soldiers began to be repatriated, and as far as I can tell none ran into trouble when they returned home.