The Catholic Encyclopedia states: Based on the evidence of Philo and Luke, among others, it is not inconceivable that Jesus is omniscient whereas Wisdom was not, and only judges or infers things to come (Wisdom 8:8). 

We know that Jesus is equated with the Logos (Word) in John's Gospel. Burton L. Mack says in Who Wrote the New Testament, page 264, that according to Philo, a Jew of the Alexandrian diaspora, Logos was God's son, through whom the world was created as a rational and ordered universe. Philo taught that the Logos was born of mother Wisdom and, appearing in the world, was the agent through whom the great leaders of Israel learned what God expected of them. 

Over a period of centuries, the Catholic Church began to take control of the wedding and began to provide the sacrament of marriage. Taking the lead of Augustine (354-430), the Church developed the sacramental understanding of matrimony. James A. Brundage says, in Law, Sex, and Christian Society in Medieval Europe page 236, Gratian [the 12th-century "Father of canon law"] held that it was consummation that turned marriage into a sacrament, thereby making it indissoluble. As mentioned previously, we have a tradition that Peter was bishop of Antioch, a role that would haver required him to remain in the city for some years, and we also have tradition that Peter was bishop of Rome. The first tradition is antithetic to the Roman Catholic position and receives little support, at least in the West. 

Ursicinus (or Ursinus) and Pope Damasus I were elected simultaneously in 366. Ursicinus ruled in Rome for several months in 366–367 but was afterwards declared an antipope. As described by Adrian Hastings, in A World History of Christianity, page 42, Damasus succeeded by hiring a gang of thugs that stormed the Julian Basilica, carrying out a three day massacre of supporters of Ursinus in order to have himself elected pope. Damasus was since regarded as the true pope, reigning from 366 to 384. This is the position as stated by Catholic Answers: It appears that Pope Leo did not have any specific passages in mind, being careful not to define the scope of his pronouncement, but his successors have accepted evolution as a meaningful explanation for life on earth. Evolution of course means that the biblical creation of Adam and Eve is not to be read literally. The position of the Church is that evolution can be accepted as long as Catholics believe that Adam and Eve were the first humans to have souls. We do not inherit our souls from our parents, in the way we inherit our bodies, because our souls are created immediately by God. Pope Pius XII said in Humani Generis that belief in the evolution of humans is acceptable as long as Catholics accept that God created our souls: While the Church permits belief in either special creation or developmental creation on certain questions, it in no circumstances permits belief in atheistic evolution. One could ask why God would perform this obscure miracle in just this way, and the most plausible reason would be either to bring people back to the faith, or to assist the finances of a struggling church in Argentina.