or maybe means activating the part of God already in us? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lilith#In_the_Bible Is that true, or is it us just acting and thinking differently? In addition, we also believe that God is Omnipresent. 

In the Bible, we find an internal representation of God, who is within us. For example: 

There was a show on the History channel stating that some scholars believe Adam and Eve were alive with a third human, Lilith. Lilith disobeyed Adam and Eve, so God sent her to live on earth as a demon. There are passages that make it sound like something actually comes into us (the Holy Ghost, I heard someone say) and actually changes real life situations...in other words things from from the meta-physical or spiritual world changing us and daily experiences. 

How should a Christian view her? For example, Adam and Eve directly effect each of our lives right now, since eating from the tree of knowledge...is there something analogous to this with Lilith? 

http://www.bitterwaters.com/Lilith_in_Bible.html 

Question: During prayer, what should the mental representation of God be? 

I am confused about what it really means to activate God's power in my life, which I heard my pastor say. Is this just Jewish mythology or should it be considered part of the religion? What place does Lilith have in Christianity? Is she part of the devil, an evil angel, is she relevant today? Hate to break this to you, but all Christians are supposed to be sharing their wealth with the poor. (As an American, however, quarts are clearly holier than liters. How else do you explain our refusal to do what everyone else is doing!) 

This strikes me as contrary to worldly ways of thinking to say the least - namely there seems to be an implicit assumption of mine that is challenged here. One biblical admonition that is often cited is Rev 22:19, While Mesopatamia (i.e. Iraq) is where the Tigris & Euphrates are, the remaining two rivers (Gihon is in Israel, and the Pishon is, I believe unknown, though some scholars think it is the Nile) are not. While not exactly a denomination, the famous baseball-player-turned-pastor, Billy Sunday, is probably most associated with the evils of "theater, cards, and dance." His influence on Fundamentalists, Baptists, and Evangelicals of all stripes is legendary. There are thus two possibilities: 

I could keep going on, but I'm interested in understanding the opposite view. What scriptural or traditional evidence could one muster to make the case for an idiosyncratic Christianity? (Etymologically, the word "idiot" actually comes from "one who refuses to join the greater body") In other words, how would the idiosyncratic believer claim he's a Christian? Should it be a representation of God as the spirit within (so we are focusing inside of our-self during prayer - closing out all the external), to the more external ambiguous God "in the sky", to a human form (to Jesus) or to something that is more like a "force field" (omnipresent)? 

Is that true, or is it us just acting and thinking differently? 

There are passages that make it sound like something actually comes into us (the Holy Ghost, I heard someone say) and actually changes real life situations...in other words things from from the meta-physical or spiritual world changing us and daily experiences. There was a show on the History channel stating that some scholars believe Adam and Eve were alive with a third human, Lilith. Lilith disobeyed Adam and Eve, so God sent her to live on earth as a demon. I am confused about what it really means to activate God's power in my life, which I heard my pastor say. 

but there is also an external representation of God. For example: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lilith#In_the_Bible It appears in today's (western) culture, people pray and "look up to the sky" or have a mental representation of talking with a human form of God (praying to the human Jesus). 

In the Bible, we find an internal representation of God, who is within us. For example: In addition, we also believe that God is Omnipresent. How should a Christian view her? For example, Adam and Eve directly effect each of our lives right now, since eating from the tree of knowledge...is there something analogous to this with Lilith?