What are the safe techniques used to train such a young child in that way? What type of background or certifications should you look for in an infant swim instruct to achieve this? How much in-the-water time does it take to teach young ones this particular skill? 

If we turn the vacuum on without warning him, he gets scared by the loud noise. 

My son loves Sesame Street characters, and "costume" characters... When they're on TV. 

I recently saw a video on Facebook (see it here on YouTube) that involved a young boy, approximately 18 months old, that literally dived into a pool, was fully submerged for at least 7 seconds, and kicked/swam his way to the surface of the water. At this point, he spends another 2 full minutes on his back, staying afloat and keeping his face out of the water. (A parent was in the pool, off-camera, the whole time. This was an educational/informational video.) 

Now, there are ways to encourage her to continue drawing that hopefully don't lead to an outburst of frustration because of physical limitations. Some of these suggestions are from Zero to Three, or any number of websites. Others are my observations as an artist and a father. 

Realize that drawing is a highly skillful activity As the stages of child drawing development show, learning to draw is an ongoing process. It's not realistic to be able to teach a toddler to draw complex objects. However, toddlers can be quite successful with learning to draw certain shapes (circles, especially!) or a selection of letters (and not just "O"!). 

When it comes to the RC cars/toys, we usually say something like, "Wow! That truck's so cool, look at its wheels spin!" Our excitement and enthusiasm rubs off on him and alleviates his fear. When we want him to adjust to other people, we usually pick him up and approach the other person to talk. We'll often "introduce" the people to him, or make comments about how they missed him. 

Neither of these are ideal solutions for me. I'd rather keep him occupied, without missing the action myself. Unfortunately, we don't have any friends in this area that could show up on short notice to watch him (we moved last fall for my schooling), and I also don't/won't employ babysitters. My wife does now have a friend that we're comfortable leaving our son with (or watching her children), but that's just been for planned-in-advance stuff. 

How does this answer the question? It lets us know that, at a minimum, this shouldn't be a concern for parents until around the ages of three or four. Unless there's a clear developmental problem, there probably doesn't need to be any extra coaching on the matter. Children will develop the grip necessary to complete the task most efficiently as they get older. 

Here are some things we do with my son: 

I believe that teaching your child more vocabulary now is much better than trying to teach them all that same vocabulary and their age-appropriate vocabulary 4 years years from now. There's a soft limit of how many new words per day can be learned by any individual, given the methods used, intelligence level, and amount of effort expended. Whichever way you slice up that time, I don't see making up 4 years of opportunity to be a worthwhile process. The time and effort you expend doing that at a later age, no matter how trivial, could be used for any other educational experience. (This is my hypothesis.) 

These methods of encouragement can be applied to any interest in real objects. Get them to think about them (the describing, pointing out) and realizing what they do (like breaking up a road, or digging a hole) and that they're ground in reality (actually doing something, have a person behind the controls, are approachable). 

We also try being pleasant and friendly with the mascots, but it doesn't seem to help. 

However, the primary ways we continue to engage his interest are: 

This study, Descriptive Analysis of the Developmental Progression of Grip Position for Pencil and Crayon Control in Nondysfunctional Children, found some trends in the way children hold their writing/drawing implements based on their age. They identified two "mature grips" that are essentially the traditional pencil grips we're taught to use. While age breakdowns available in the article are interesting, this excerpt really highlights the concept of development: 

In most circumstances, our response is the same. We get down on his level, point out the source of his fear, usually smiling, and try to make it fun/not scary.