I suspect that the Persians simply didn't expend enough effort in peacetime to build the necessary infrastructure, making them permanently dependent on captured Romans and Greeks in wartime. 

According to this source, Carthage remained a minor Phoenician outpost until after the fall of Tyre to Alexander the Great in 332 BC. At that time many of the wealthy citizens of Tyre, having ransomed themselves from Alexander, moved to Carthage and began the constructions that led to it rapidly becoming the wealthiest city of the Western Mediterranean. If accurate, that would undoubtedly place the construction of the Cothon in the time period between 332 BC and roughly 240 BC. 

In the latter part of the 20th century this stratagem migrated all the way down to the squad level; one sees it in use during the standard squad leapfrog so popular in WWII movies, where half the squad provides covering fire while the other half advances, and then the roles reverse. 

In order to have a sizeable artillery corps a nation must have a culture where it is acceptable for a big brawny man to study mathematics and architecture and tinkering instead of melee combat. It must also have educational institutions capable of properly training such individuals. 

Even the health fiends who advocate large water consumption for humans only recommend about half a gallon per day; certainly humans can survive on half that or less. That means each horse is drinking water for 10 to 40 soldiers - simply unacceptable in a siege. 

In the decades after this invention, probably sparked further both by William Smith's first geologic map of England and the Napoleonic Wars, many national governments began comprehensive topological mapping of their domains for military and civilian use. In the early decades of the 19th century, for example, Bavaria's Mad King Ludwig continued the mapping initiative begun by his father, of having all of Bavaria mapped at 1:50,000 scales, and all significant towns and villages mapped at 1:2000 1:2500 scale. 

In a nutshell, the problem was to determine with accuracy how far east or west one was from a known point (London for British sailors). While the sextant and astrolabe allowed one to determine one's latitude (degrees south or north of equator) with great accuracy, no equivalent method for determining longitude existed at that time. If one was on level land various techniques could be used to estimate a value, but onyly with the invention of the maritime chronometer could longitude be calculated accurately on land and sea. 

Update #2: The desertification of the Sahara, by all accounts, certainly occurred at least 2,000 years prior to the Founding of Rome in 753 BC. 

.... Our men at first, while their strength was fresh, resisted bravely, nor did they cast any weapon ineffectually from their higher station. As soon as any part of the camp, being destitute of defenders, seemed to be hard pressed, thither they ran, and brought assistance. But they were over-matched in this, that the enemy when wearied by the long continuance of the battle, went out of the action, and others with fresh strength came in their place; none of which things could be done by our men, owing to the smallness of their number; ...