For example, a racism and xenophobia justification only makes sense if you believe that gun ownership is effective as a factual matter in preventing crime (at least against whites). Similarly, distrust of government and a culture of honor which is associated with a weak or ineffectual state, are not inconsistent motives and instead reinforce each other. 

It is unclear (to me anyway) if the CIA currently has any armed helicopters in its chain of command. They had helicopters, at least, in Vietnam (one known incident of CIA air to air combat, which was during the Vietnam War, involved a fixed wing enemy aircraft shot down with small arms from a helicopter). An account based upon court documents claims that the CIA purchased Russian military helicopters that it used in the early years of the War in Afghanistan. But, those helicopters may have been discarded as the drone fleet came on line. 

Appeals Of Acquittals Of The Modern British Commonwealth English law has since then allowed appeals of acquittals, although prosecution appeals are more limited in cases tried in indictments (generally more serious charges) and it appears that all other countries in the Commonwealth followed suit. 

(A) be sentenced to confinement; or 

For example, if you need dialysis to stay healthy (which is not ER room care), it costs more than $70,000 per year. And, if you need this care and don't get this care, you die in a matter of weeks or months. 

In contrast, the trials de novo held in European continent civil law based systems do not allow for the equivalent of jury nullification. 

There have been times in the past when statutes merely authorized (or impliedly authorized) the military to adopt its own military law rules, and this approach isn't uncommon abroad. But, this is not the current state of the law in the United States. 

is subject to this chapter until such person’s active service has been terminated in accordance with law or regulations promulgated by the Secretary concerned. 

A non-citizen can be detained without individualized cause if the United States is at war with a country in which the non-citizen is a national. 

Also, in reality, almost any executive order in almost any administration, would be reviewed by multiple people before it is signed (i.e. they are effectively all drafted by committee to some extent), even if only to review it on a proofreading basis.