I get what you're going for here, and it's a noble idea. But we're already doing a lot, and it's simply not feasible for moderators, nor the community, to fix everything. Most of the effort required will have to come from the OP, by reading the FAQ, reading Meta posts and by trying to improve all the time. 

No you can't. You don't buy answers with a bounty. You bring your question to the attention of others with a bounty. If there's anything you're buying, it's advertisement space. You can of course reward existing answers with them as well. But even then you wouldn't be buying them. Collaborative editing is however one of the main components of this Q&A which ensures content is of significant quality. This should not be disabled or disallowed at all. We already have reviews in place to weed out bad edits from users with a lower reputation. And we have the means to roll back particularly problematic edits. Other than that I see no need to limit editing as it is in place. 

On the third day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap Questions should not be closed just because there is an accepted an answer to it. 

I am sorry but this badge would be pointless. I doubt a user who posted a one good answer and is no longer active is really going to care about receiving a badge. As a moderator, I am also expected to spend time handling flags, and performing other janitorial duties which does take away from my ability to answer questions. Considering I have a full-time job, a family, and I like to spend time away from my computer (I know it's shocking), it can be a bit of a juggling act being a moderator on a site as big as SO. I've got to pick and choose what I'm going to tackle on the site, I could spend hours moderating the site. 

I'm a moderator on Stack Overflow and for me, it's a combination of things. I've been around long enough on Stack Overflow, that I tend to be picky in the questions that I answer. If I see something that's interesting, I'll spend time writing up a decent answer, typically with tested, code, etc - these typically take time to write. Lately these questions are few and far between so I don't spend as much time answering and more time moderating. 

Should diamond moderators spend time in review? Of course, they should, if they have time to do so. Why wouldn't they? Unofficial extended version (over character limit) On the ninth day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Nine Sock Puppets, Eight Lonesome Cowboys, Seven Frosties the Snowman, Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap 

On the tenth day of WinterBash Stack Overflow sent to me Ten Bounty Hunters, Nine Sock Puppets, Eight Lonesome Cowboys, Seven Frosties the Snowman, Six RoboCops, Five Defenders of the Realm, Four Archeologists, Johnny Three-Hats, Two Marauders, Tim Post's head and R-E-S-P-E-C-T for hitting the rep cap The acceptance checkmark shows that the OP found the answer that solved their problem, that doesn't mean that other answer cannot or should not be added. I don't think these users are necessary trolls. But editing is a tricky thing. As much as we have users asking good and bad question, we have users making good and bad edits. Or unnecessary ones. Or ones we even on an aesthetic level disagree with. What we ideally would have liked to see is: If you clarify the question with that in mind, and address some of the concerns regarding what exactly you want to achieve, then I'm pretty sure your question would be no longer unclear. Then there is the point of integrating your content. Is that allowed? The answer to that is "yes, with proper attribution". All content you contribute on the site is perpetually and irrevocable licensed under a CC-BY-SA license. So you can't stop the copying from happening, provided that the copier provides proper attribution. Has he done so? Well, to a point. He does state "as Laszlo pointed out", which he edited in after a comment by yours. 

I get what you're going for here, and it's a noble idea. But we're already doing a lot, and it's simply not feasible for moderators, nor the community, to fix everything. Most of the effort required will have to come from the OP, by reading the FAQ, reading Meta posts and by trying to improve all the time. 

What can be done? Well, you could always @reply the user telling him that the edit really is too minor and incorrect, so you've rolled it back. Perhaps they'll pick it up. Don't let this spark off a long stream of "how to edit" debate in the comments though. Take it to Meta perhaps, or point to one of the many discussions on appropriate and inappropriate editing already here. Or just undo the edit and let it slide. 

Let's look at your question. It starts out with P.s. Your idea of moderation seems to be somewhat different from its meaning on the site. Have a look at this blog post to get a better idea of what we mean by moderation and moderators: http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2009/05/a-theory-of-moderation/ The only real "solution" I see is to lead by example. Try to make the best posts and best edits we can, hoping that some of the style will rub off on others. But luckily we already have the tools to deal with situations where this is not the case.