Parliamentary sovereignty is a principle of the UK constitution. It makes Parliament the supreme legal authority in the UK, which can create or end any law. Generally, the courts cannot overrule its legislation and no Parliament can pass laws that future Parliaments cannot change. Parliamentary sovereignty is the most important part of the UK constitution. 

But in the actual scenario where absolutely nobody voted. Well the candidates would draw lots. The candidates for MP's would stick there names into a hat, and the returning officer would draw out a name who would then become the MP. The parliament will then be filled with 650 random candidates and the Queen would just call upon whoever she thought could command the most respect to become PM. 

However in 2016, Theresa Mays Justice Secretary Elizabeth Truss said that repeal of the ECHR was not currently feasible when she said and I quote 

Jeremy Corbyn has repeatedly said he would stop selling arms to Saudi Arabia. He said: 

Theresa may has visited Saudi Arabia and further defended arms sales while she was their. Since Saudia Arabia has started bombing Yemen in March 2015, the UK has licensed roughly £3.3 billion in arms to the regime. Theresa May was Home Secretary and later Prime Minister during this period. 

She planned to repeal the ECHR and replace it with a British Bill of Rights, where the details where rather sketchy. 

On April 18th 2017: (2 days after the snap election was called) YouGov reported that when asked the question: 

Her home affairs spokesperson Amber Rudd (Former Home Secretary) said during a BBC debate that (selling arms to Saudi) was 

Credit to origimbo for suggested edit regarding the number of MP's each party had at the time the leader became the leader 

So parliament can change the law with a simple majority but until they change the law they are bound by it and its regulations: 

Sort of, as it is currently the law parliament is bound by it. However if parliament decides that this should no longer be the law they can overrule it. 

A similar example if when two candidates drew straws to determine who should win. 

This is the best polling data that I could find specifically in relation to public opinion on Jeremy corbyn 

Most major political parties don't do this because the leader of the largest political party traditionally becomes the Prime Minister. It would be unfeasible for a party to put in place a Prime Minister who wasn't democratically elected and was rather elected by some technocrats or internal party mechanism. It is also unrealistic in a democracy for someone who hasn't been able to get themselves elected to a constituency to run the country. 

There is a detailed breakdown of the answer to this question on every YouGov poll since the EU referendum that can be found here. 

is likely an indication she wishes to post-haste leave the ECHR. TLDR: Theresa May thinks ECHR gives too much human rights so wants to repeal it and replace it with some British equivalent, realised that it was too hard to do straight after Brexit. Now terrorism is occupying headlines, she wants to dump it so she can arbitrarily jail people she suspects without sufficient evidence to present it before a court. 

Precisely, that's why she has long been in favour of leaving the European Convention on Human Rights. 

No I don't believe there is any guidance, the law is fairly explicit Speaker may choose whoever he so believes is most fit to be leader of the opposition, and commands the majority of MP's who are members of the largest non-governmental party. 

After negotiating Brexit, or if the political pressure from combating terrorism goes up Theresa May is likely to want to go back to her original plan of repealing the ECHR, so it doesn't get in the way of her fight against terrorism. This announcement that she wants to rip up human rights laws 

It is worth noting that in 2016 the US government under Barack Obama halted all weapons sales to Saudi Arabia over widespread civilian deaths in Yemen 

As the parliaments official website says 

Theresa May has repeatedly defended arms sales to Saudi Arabia. 

During Prime Minister Questions she implied that (selling arms to Saudi): 

Analysis: Public opinion of Corbyn has generally improved since the snap election was called. 

Which of the following do you think would makethe best Prime Minister? 

However minor political parties often do. Natalie Bennet was elected leader of the Green Party (A party with only one sitting MP at the time of her election - Caroline Lucas) between 2012 - 2016 despite never being elected to any other political office. Nigel Farage was leader of the UK Independence Party (A party with no MP's at the time of his election) between 2006 - 2016 and has never won a seat to parliament. 

For all recent elections ( in last 15 years or so) this data is published in spreadsheet form by the Electoral Commision amd can be found here. Please also see this answer for 2017 data. Electoral data relating to analysis of election results between 1964 -2010 and 2015 can also be downloaded from the British Election Study Website here.