The White House, which had been occupied for only 14 years at this point, had been richly furnished with sofas, writing tables, commodes, card tables, and beds by Jefferson. The Madisons "inherited" these furnishings, and brought in their own personal possessions. So most of what was burned or looted (like the small medicine cabinet pictured below) was historic only in the sense that it had been purchased by founding fathers. Some of the more notable looted items were Madison's dress sword and ceremonial hat, and a portrait of Dolley Madison. (source) 

But importantly, the first patent I found that was actually assigned to a corporation was to Philip's 1997 "Wireless Ear-Worn Audio Device": Source: Michael Biggs and Kenneth Andrews, "Protest Campaigns and Movement Success: Desegregating the U.S. South in the Early 1960s." It was very rare. In Montgomery (which OP specifically asks about), the passengers mentioned above are the only other passengers arrested before Parks, according to History.com, this NPR story, and every other source I can find. 

The earliest scientific poll I could find on prohibition comes from Gallup in December 1936. In it, 67% of respondents answered "no" to the question, "If the question of national prohibition should come up again, would you vote to make the country dry?" 393,863/1,515,605 = 26% of Southern households owned slaves--essentially identical to the estimated rate for Jewish Southerners. 

But the Chinese were structurally more predisposed to choose "loyalty" to the railroad company than were other ethnic groups. "Exit" could result in imprisonment or worse: 

However, outside of Montgomery there were protestors arrested for not giving up their seats going back to at least Irene Morgan in 1944 in Virginia. Bayard Rustin and 15 others were arrested in the 1947 "Journey of Reconciliation." Sarah Keys was arrested in North Carolina in 1952. The basic demographics of these groups are different on many measures. For example, Indian Americans lead all other groups by a significant margin in their levels of income and education. Seven-in-ten Indian-American adults ages 25 and older have a college degree, compared with about half of Americans of Korean, Chinese, Filipino and Japanese ancestry, and about a quarter of Vietnamese Americans.