These are clearly different things. And more specifically to the application of thinking to machines. Turing said in his famous paper Computing Machinery and Intelligence: Thoughts and feelings are to consciousness, what smell and sound and any other sensory input are for consciousness; and just as you can have consciousness without a sense of smell, you can have consciousness without thoughts and feelings. Right, you are not the first to think about this. You are right on the heels of famous philosophers: I am interested in an explanation of a breadth and scope comparable to that of Dennett's, say at least a chapter worth of discussion. I think consciousness and memory are orthogonal; you can have memory without consciousness and consciousness without memory. But, a zombie has no qualia, so...? You (originally) asked how we identify the algorithm, and I would like to suggest that the focus of functionalism in general, and computational theory of mind (CTM) in particular, are functions, not algorithms; here is an excerpt from the SEP essay on Functionalism: It is possible in principle to compute the representation of Pi with 10^1000000 digits, but it impossible for humans for compute it in practice. It just occurred to me that Dave's examples are irrelevant since p-zombies are not distinguished by lack of awareness; that is, a conscious being and his twin p-zombie will be able to recall the same events. In particular, I mean a behavioral zombie that is behaviorally indistinguishable from a human, regardless of its internal machinery. Could a philosophical zombie conclude "cogito ergo sum"? btw, you can compare the statement about explaining the mind by ... cogwheels, to the mill argument of Leibniz - http://home.datacomm.ch/kerguelen/monadology/printable.html#17 Out of my sleeve I can think of two further examples: first, you can think of the physical condition as a sort of adequate container that the universe then spontaneously fills with consciousness; or you can think of the interesting Norton's dome paradox in which an abstract ball perfectly balanced on the apex of a perfect dome, suddenly and indeterministically rolls down the dome - http://www.pitt.edu/~jdnorton/Goodies/Dome/ No one would protest if you insist that bacteria can be said to demonstrate intelligence, yet few people would claim bacteria is thinking, or that DNA is thinking. The contrary, consciousness without memory is also possible - think of locking the door to your house at night 2-3 times, since you don't remember doing it the first time; in general we usually remember little of our life; do you remember what you did 20 years ago? do you remember every moment from last week? from yesterday? Note, that I am not interested in a home-grown explanation, nor in a quote or a paragraph-long hand-waved explanation by a philosopher, since I aware of some such quotes, or can come up with all kind of explanations by myself, such as our strong dogmatic belief in objective science, conceptual limitations, perhaps Dennett is a zombie, the parable of fish swimming in water, the invisible keys on the table, etc... I remember a scientist who said that as he was watching one day a seed of a Senecio vernalis floating in the air breeze he had the epiphany that it is a form of intelligence. He was not saying that it was a form of thinking nor a form of consciousness. Nevertheless, dreams involve consciousness; try lucid dreaming and you will see for yourself. Wittgenstein says that philosophers mislead themselves into confusions by misusing language, and that philosophy should be done differently - in essence describing and surveying problems rather than trying to explain them: Has anyone made a similar argument? If so, how is it called? Can you refer me to it? In his book Consciousness Explained Dennett writes "Anyone or anything that has such a virtual machine as its control system is conscious in the fullest sense" [p281] referring to a Joycean machine which (if I understood correctly) may be implemented/simulated by a Turing machine. But some dualists, for example David Chalmers, claim that the existence of the mental cannot be predicted from the physical: So, the main point of an algorithm is that it is can be specified in terms of steps that are small enough or so called mechanical; sometimes an algorithm is specified in very abstract terms (for example pseudo code in CS books) but under the assumption that in principle each abstract step can be specified in small enough steps if we bother to fill in the gaps. So it seems Dennett believes that Qualia defined in that sense does not exist. Note I am NOT interested in any arguments for or against physicalism, idealism or dualism.