Now for the derailment to a different person: Further reading: Why is this paragraph important? In that case point out the difference in scale. "While there once was an incident where Bobson stepped on a kitten and then apologized for it, this stands in no comparison to Alison who proudly boasts how she strangles an innocent kitten every day and how much she enjoys it. In this regard she is clearly much worse than Bobson". Google them. Any candidate who is serious about their run should have a personal website or at least a social media presence where they publish their views and priorities. You can look at these to get an idea how similar the candidates opinions are to your own. This is of course not as comfortable as an aggregated website would be. When the voter does not follow these instructions, they need to repeat their vote. The election helper who puts the piece of paper over the ballot box is responsible for monitoring compliance to this and prevent non-compliant voters from putting their ballot paper into the box. Without them, the voter could put that "dirty" vote into the box before an election helper stops them. The vote could then no longer be separated from the legit ones. That's why there are many variations of this system which give some power to nominate specific people back to the voters. And lastly, the derailment to a different topic: No. Although there is a petition system in the United Kingdom, where such a petition is already being made, it is not binding. Another problem is that list-candidates don't represent any particular district. Running for president makes them better known to lots of people outside of their usual circle. This enhances their celebrity status and increases the sales value of their personality. Even though they might not win this election, going through with it might help them to win other elections for lower positions later. Or at least make some money by selling some books and getting a well-paying job in the industry. In most systems with proportional representation, each party has a numbered list of candidates. The list is determined by the party, usually through a party-internal process, and published before the election. Did you know who Jim Gilmore and George Pataki were before they ran for president? Unless you happen to be living in Virginia or New York or are a huge politics buff, you likely haven't. But now you know them. See? That's a very good question and unfortunately I have never been able to figure it out to my own satisfaction. In German, the whole approach is called personalisierte Verhältniswahl so it seems the main intent is to allow (some amount) of choice over who gets elected on a personal level, rather than only a choice between political parties. But even within these limits, being held by the police does still undeniably impinge on your fundamental rights, first and foremost the right to come and go as you wish, even though you have not been found guilty of a crime. To the extent that giving this power to the police is deemed appropriate, preventing someone from voting does not seem especially problematic. Actually, a two party system (or a two-round voting system with a runoff between the top two candidates) allows exactly that. You can't really do anything else than avoid your least-preferred candidate from being elected. You do that by voting for another candidate but, once you realize the nature of the decision available to you, that's a detail.