Road bike will bang / jump - what ever you want to call it MartynRoadBikes2 Frames and wheels are just as strong Road Bike Party 2 - The Making Of Martyn Ashton's Colnago C59 Disc 

I ride a titanium cyclocross as my cyclocross, commuter, and long road rides (trade out tires). It rides a lot like my touring bike but just lighter. 

Stuff that would be hard to find is OK. Fenders and chain guard are fine. 

A common scenario is they will take a van of stolen bikes to another state and sell them there. I buy a bit on CL and if they have out of town plates I walk. If they cannot give me a credible history on the bike I walk. 

Headset is a lot of fabrication. In a headset during test you could just let the unit rattle around (pack it with some something). 

A bit of money but the Salsa Colossal TI is just over 20 lbs. 

You suspect a neighbor stole your bike and you take a picture of your bike in his / her garage. Take that to the police and they will investigate. Without a serial number you cannot prove that is your bike. 

The best guess is your next aluminum, high quality, strong frame will also last 10 years Really that is the best guess 

Riding without enough seat post in the bike is a real problem. Not only do you increase the mechanical advantage of the seat post against the seat tube but you put stress where the bike was probably not designed to take stress. And you are putting stress in the area of the top tube and seat stay. 

Hardened 18 carat gold is about the same strength of Steel 1090. So yes it would be very possible to build a bicycle out of 18 carat gold. An 18 carat gold frame would be about 2.5 time the weight of Steel 1090. 

That is as vague as how long will a current pair of sneakers last me? And the best guess for how long my next pair of sneakers will last is how long did my last pair last. 

Think about if you want to bend the top tube. You could apply bending on both ends or you could stack it on two blocks and stand in the middle. At the molecular level it is resolved shear stress. I have stood on all my bikes - steel, aluminum, titanium, and carbon fiber. 

Racers sitting on the top tube 

Someone has to say live dangerously. I would ride it. Don't ride it hard but you should not ride a Dahon hard in the first place. I looked at how the bike folds and unfolds and that is not a high strength connection in the first place. 

Bikes don't typically explode when they fail. You get a bend and sometimes you don't even crash. 

Pretty much any modern mountain bike is designed for a suspension forks. 

Stuff that is definitely bad you can most likely replace: wheels, fork, headset, handle bars, crank, seat post and seat. 

If any crack has moved into the top tube or seat stay then you have a problem. 

It is a force the bike is designed for 

The hammering is to make room for the unit. The purpose of the bolt is to compress the bearing on the headset. 

There are a lot of question so I will settle on the one in the title. 

You see your bike on CraigsList and you call the police. If police won't meet you then go to the buy take the bike and call the police.