It is certain that every sin was part of his burden on the cross, including even those sins yet to happen. If this were not so, then our sins could not be redeemed, and we could not be united with him. The absolute opposite view on free will is held by John Calvin, who says (Commentarium in evangelium Ioannis) that firstly, the ways of God are mysterious (an admission that he has no real answer), but secondly, Judas was predestined to be lost: Jesus placed an untrustworthy person among the disciples because the plan required one of them to betray him. Calvin's Judas is "required" to be evil and then to be justly condemned, so Jesus can perfectly well put Judas in a position of temptation, knowing that he will fail. This resonates with the opinion of John Chrysostom (Homilies on the Gospel of John 65), who says that Judas was given charge of the purse so that when he betrayed Jesus for thirty pieces of silver, he wouldn't have the excuse that he really needed the money. 

The theological problem is to explain why Jesus apparently trusted Judas, when he ought to have known better. There are a lot of possible answers! Some have tried to find symbolic or exemplary meaning in his actions - a lesson for the future Church. Others have centered the discussion around the character of Jesus, perhaps reaching similar conclusions for different reasons: framing Jesus principally in terms of love rather than as a ritual performer. Origen (Commentary on John 32) is of the same opinion as Augustine as far as the lesson - he argues that Jesus showed trust as a deliberate act of love. Moreover, he says that Judas should not be seen as simply an evil person, but as someone who had both good and bad in him (he was a disciple, after all), was continually presented with moral choices, and on several important occasions made terrible decisions. In Origen's view, Judas had the genuine free will to steal and betray, or not, and so Jesus was justified in trusting him. From 32.161-162 (trans. Ronald Heine; Catholic University of America Press, 1993): 21 For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be. 

32 Now learn a parable of the fig tree; When his branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is nigh: 

9 In this was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God sent his only begotten Son into the world, that we might live through him. 

4 And Jesus answered and said unto them, Take heed that no man deceive you. 

11 He came unto his own, and his own received him not. 

5 Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will, 34 Verily I say unto you, This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled. 

The basic outline of the answer is as follows: From http://cicministry.org/commentary/issue3.htm 42 Watch therefore: for ye know not what hour your Lord doth come. These theoretical people you mentioned are guilty. Scripture here tells us that "he shall perish without law". They will perish because they have sinned, and ignored the conscience that God has placed in each and every one of us. 

I believe it's possible that God could have prevented them from sinning if He'd wanted to, but that would have meant we had no free will. If God had wanted to ensure we all remain sinless, He'd have done so. 

39 And knew not until the flood came, and took them all away; so shall also the coming of the Son of man be. 

17 Let him which is on the housetop not come down to take any thing out of his house: There's a much more complete explanation of this here. 

To paraphrase how the Oracle might have said it, What's really going to bake your noodle later is, would she have been unclean, had Jesus not needed her to demonstrate His ability to make the unclean clean? 

First, everyone on earth has sinned, save Jesus. 

4 But when the fulness of the time was come, God sent forth his Son, made of a woman, made under the law, 23 Then if any man shall say unto you, Lo, here is Christ, or there; believe it not. 

When confronted by Satan, Jesus appealed to the Old Testament as a source of authority by stating, "It is written," (Matt. 4:4, 7, 10). 14 And if Christ be not risen, then is our preaching vain, and your faith is also vain. 

The highest form of "good" is perfect, willing obedience to God, which is something only accomplished by one person ever. 

It's not the He does not possess the power to do so, but that it's completely against His nature to do so. 

So, according to Scripture, as understood by the overwhelming majority of Christianity, it is absolutely a heresy to say that Jesus would deceive us to protect our souls. 

I believe that what we have is the best God could provide us without eliminating free will. 25 Behold, I have told you before. 

12 But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name: 

45 Who then is a faithful and wise servant, whom his lord hath made ruler over his household, to give them meat in due season?