The NP is head-initial (I use "NP" non-technically), and the purported article is at the right side of the NP, though can be followed by vʊza "only". As a first approximation, it agrees in noun class with the head noun (hence the chééné ~ vyééné variants). Actually, when nouns simultaneously have two classes (as is the case with the locative classes) agreement can be with the lexical class of the noun, or the locative class, hence hányʊ́ʊ́!mbá yééné ~ hányʊ́ʊ́!mbá hééné "at the house". 

On re-reading and recollecting, I think there actually is an underlying theoretical principle, the Specified Subject Condition, which TM violates. While L&F do not structure the argument to make SSC be the driving force, they do take advantage of the opportunity to point to mention that SSC would be runned afoul of in certain TM cases. I think the operator and control analysis is from Chomsky (1977). 

I think it is reasonable to conclude that we do indeed have a plurality of unrelated rules in English. For example, we have a passive rule (“The cat ate the mouse” → “The mouse was eaten by the cat”) and a raising rule (“The people believe that Tom is a thief” → “The people believe Tom to be a thief”). There are also rules for placing negation in a sentence. Unless you go with Greg Lee’s general purpose rule “a sentence is any number of words”, you are going to have a plurality of unrelated rules. What is in the syntax / lexicon dichotomy for us is that this kind of scheme might work, if you have a very rich lexicon that states in great detail in what context you can insert “mouse” – that is, you put pretty much all of the syntax into the lexicon. 

There is no theory of English syntax which contains all of the rules generating the class of English sentences, where the theory both explains why the rules are what they are, and uses just a few core principles. Such a thing is impossible in principle, since the thing that you're looking for isn't well-defined. The empirical domain is not well-defined for a number of reasons. First, "English" is too broad, so no well-defined system can simultaneously include and exclude sentences like "I might should go", which fyi is perfectly normal in some parts of the US. Other non-geographical examples are the variable acceptability of "I can has seconds?" as a question, and "If I was hungry, I would have eaten something". 

As you can probably tell, I don't think that "case" is a generally-useful concept for clarifying that relationship, instead I think one is better off looking at the thing signified, or the means of signifying, depending on whether your interest is more in semantax or morphology. vímóó!rí vyáMáróvá vyééné "the heavy calves of Marova" 

There is a morphological argument that -éné is not a suffix. The specific class morpheme that is selected under agreement is determined by the formative that agreement attaches to. There is a distinction (in some classes) where the class marker has one shape when attached to nouns and adjectives, and another shape when attached to possessives, demonstratives, or numerals. Thus you get ma-rwá! má-rá!hí g-ɪ́ɪ́tʊ ga-vɪrɪ́ "our two good beers" (beers good our two), with the noun and adjective exhibiting the primary class marker /ma/, and the possessive and numeral exhibiting the secondary agreement morpheme /ga/. In ma-rwá má-rá!hí g-ééné "the good beers", the article, which follows the adjective, has the secondary marker /ga/, not the primary marker /ma/ (seen on the adjective itself). Accounting for this would be challenging if -éné were a suffix on the adjective. The general form of the question that you're raising seems to be, what are the possible value-pairs of X and Y in the linguistic statement "X can be used to signal Y"? My conclusion is that "X,Y" can in principle be anything. There are no doubt database lacunae in finding all logically possible examples. 

One problem is determining that the item is an article, not a demonstrative (assuming that we use semantic tests and not conventional translations into English to decide that matter). There might be some question as to the obligatoriness of the article, if one believes that "if you have articles, everything is either marked with a definite article or an indefinite one", but this doesn't even pass the empirical sniff test for English (Sentences with no articles exist). Your explanation of your concept “explanation” seems to depend crucially on the validity of “construction” as a fact of grammar: that suggests then that you’re actually looking for an implementation of English syntax in Construction Grammar, or perhaps Relational Grammar. kémóó!rí cháMáróvá chééné "the heavy calf of Marova" [Addendum] The S. Nilotic claim is based on my notes on Kipsigis. The citation form of "pig" is ingúrwêt; "He killed a pig" is kapár ingúrwêt and "A pig killed him" is kapár ingúrwet -- case is marked by tone change. Either subject or object can be moved left, and an extracted subject NP does not have nominative tone. So using citation / accusative (names) Mʊ́sa, Chʊ̂ma, "Musa saw Juma" is kakɛ́r Mʊsá[s] Chʊ̂ma ~ kakɛ́r Chʊ̂ma Mʊsá[s], and extracted, you have Mʊ́sa kɔ́kakɛ́r Chʊ̂ma (or Chʊ̂ma kɔ́kakɛ́r Mʊsá[s]) which focuses the extracted NP. So, movement messes with case anyhow. What I know is that the guy rejected ingúrwet as a possible form, and I did ask "Even as an answer to 'who killed him'?". But I didn't pursue that rigorously. Creider & Creider 1989 (A grammar of Nandi) may fill the gap.