In reality, none of these sacraments poses a significant risk to the priest who administers them, no more than it does for the doctors and nurses who take care of the patients. How to Reconcile Predestination and Freedom Within the Catholic Church, a number of theological schools have arisen regarding how God’s foreknowledge can be reconciled with man’s freedom of choice. As long as they stay within the Church’s parameters, the faithful are free to adhere to any school they find convincing. In particular, man, insofar as his will — or intellectual appetite — is concerned, is not bound by a physical necessity. Given a limited, created good, he may opt for it, or not. (Only the Beatific Vision is capable of obliging the will.) This contingency is, of course, the foundation of man’s freedom of choice. The Wikipedia article (which references various scholarly Bible commentaries) regarding anointing with oil in the Old Testament states tha for the anointing of priests, olive oil was used, mixed with myrrh, cinnamon, and an obscure herb not identified today called kaneh bosm. I will offer here some reflections from St. Thomas Aquinas that help to see how this works. (It is important not to confuse Aquinas’ own position with that of so-called “Thomistic school,” which in reality was founded by a Dominican named Domingo Bañez, some 350 years after St. Thomas.) Suppose that someone comes to me (a priest) seeking help confidentially because he has been pilfering money from work. Clearly, that is sinful behavior (it is stealing), and must be stopped. Note that only the Annointing of the Sick actually involves bodily contact—it entails an annointing of the hands and forehead—and it could be done with appropriate protection, such as gloves, if that were necessary. (See the Code of Canon Law 1000§2. Confession involves no bodily contact at all, and the Eucharist could be given to the patient with gloves, using an instrument, or in a receptacle that could be purified and sterlized afterwards. Any gloves or other clothing that come in contact with the sacred oil or the Eucharist would have to be disposed of reverently, most likely by burning.) Perhaps an example from pastoral practice can help understand what is meant by the "law of gradualness." The gradualness is in the formation of virtue, not the morality of the concrete acts. Ninian Smart says, in The Long Search, page 108, though we have the gospels, and other elements of the New Testament, it is naive to look upon them as bringing us an authoritative portrait of Jesus. The "biblical Jesus" and the "historical Jesus" are the same person, but that does not make the biblical presentation of Jesus as reliable as once believed. The absence of Jewish support for the concept of original sin does not stem from some contemporary strain of Jewish thought or other influences within Judaism, but has existed from pre-Christian times. It is Christianity that has moved forward with new ideas, at least in the West. The Book of Watchers, in the aprocryphal 1 Enoch*, is the earliest specific, pre-Christian reference to the fallen angels, at least in the Septuagint version. The Council of Trent (1545–1563) introduced more specific requirements, ruling that in the future a marriage would be valid only if witnessed by the pastor of the parish or the local ordinary (i.e., the bishop of the diocese), or by the delegate of one of said witnesses, the marriage being invalid otherwise, even if witnessed by a Catholic priest. Rhoads, Dewey and Michie say, in Mark as Story, page 2, that scholars argue that a study of Mark, taken by itself apart from any traditions about it, suggests no connection between the anonymous author and the apostle Peter. Raymond E. Brown, whom I have also cited above, says (ibid, page 160) Mark seems to depend on traditions (and perhaps already shaped sources) received in Greek. This, along with strong doubts that Mark was the author of this gospel, means that the tradition that the author wrote down the memoirs of Peter, is unsustainable. The Toronto Blessing is described as a "Revival". The term "revival" means different things to different denominations, and can even mean the different things within a denomination. I'm addressing all of the inquisitions, not merely the Spanish Inquisition here. Several were perpetrated by kings, not the Catholic Church. Since the Reformation was as much about rebelling against abuses by the Church (See several of the points, including but not limited to #10, 24, 27... here) as it was about differences in doctrine, you might be able to argue that the widespread existence of protestant denominations is at least partially due to the Inquisition. Certainly, Church-sponsored torture and murder of those who simply believe differently are examples of corruption and abuse of power. If not a direct cause, the Inquisitions certainly would have added fuel to the fire. I agree with the other answers that state that the Inquisition is a stain and an evil that should never have happened. None of what I'm posting here should be taken in any way that detracts from @James Black's answer, or @Apocatastasis. I'm merely listing some impacts not listed in their answers.