There would also be the large amount of property that the Crown owns. The act would need to establish what is owned by the Queen, and what is owned by the Country. 

If the weapons that are sold incorporate component from other countries, then that country may also have the right to limit reexport of the weapon system. The negotiations can become very complex. 

Since 2014 there has been an international arms trade treaty 92 countries have ratified or acceded to this treaty (including the UK but not the USA). It requires transparency and restrictions on arms exports to conflict zones. 

Even if legal, many people find pornography distasteful. For those who dislike all pornography on moral grounds, the mere fact of accessing porn is a significant issue. 

So unlike the regional rail companies, there is little chance of Eurostar being re-nationalised. 

Damien Green has also been accused of inappropriate behaviour towards a Conservative activist. He has denied this. The presence of pornography is evidence of a poor attitude towards women and is character evidence against him; it points to a "pattern of behaviour". 

The purpose of allowing a country to nominate a courier to carry mail is to allow for the delivery of mail from a mission without it being intercepted by the host country. The purpose is not to use it as a loophole to prevent the arrest of an individual or get around the provisions of Article 9. The Treaty needs to be read as a whole, and not picked apart. 

No doubt this has been tried, which is why there are rules to prevent it. 

The membership of the Security Council is fixed in Chapter 5 of the UN Charter: 

Prior to the 1999 act, Lords could renounce their nobility in order to stand for election to the Commons. This right was given in 1963, and used by Tony Benn, Quentin Hogg and Alec Douglas-Home to become MPs 

As noted by Royal Canadian Bandit, Eurostar's rolling stock and other assets are located in the UK and subject to UK law. If it so wished, the UK government could expropriate them and give the owners whatever compensation it saw fit. The wider consequences for investment in the UK would be severe, so even a Corbyn-led Labour government is unlikely to do this