An appeal is made by either tagging the runner or the missed bag. The pitcher will throw the ball to the fielder and the fielder will tag the base. If there is confusion the fielder will need to verbally tell the umpire they are making an appeal. However, I've never seen a case where verbal communication is required. If the fielder knows to ask for the ball, the umpire has also seen the miss. These are the plays that negate the entire home run if the force is a third out. Any other play will only negate the following runners if it's the third out. In the world cup the group structure is such that there are 4 teams each in 8 groups. The top two teams from each group advance. Rule 4, section 1, article 3, b This sets up a scenario where if both teams advance, they then play an opponent from groups C or D, and then an opponent from groups E,F, G or H to play for the final against an opponent from any of the other groups (including, possibly, their own). The pitcher of record can be determined as follows: Additionally, the same document states (7.3): Basically what has to happen is a defensive player commits a safety in the end zone. It's more common in college football as PAT attempts can be returned for 2 points. It happened as recently as the 2013 Fiesta Bowl. This page shows that the pitch caught the very bottom of the zone per PitchFx. The zone is technically from the letters to the knees. Granted, it's not always called that way, but this is how PitchFx is calibrated. This isn't an expanded zone, it's actually exactly the zone they are supposed to call. Note that the zone is measured from the front of home plate, not where the catcher catches the ball. This pitch was very flat though, I don't have replay of it, but it doesn't look like it broke much from the pitchFx data. Saves are a bit more complicated. The rules are as follows (no starter may get a save) For the 2014 world cup this was documented in this document, specifically on page 52-53, section 42-45. The document lists the matchups for each round providing letter or number codes to each and then using those in the subsequent section to describe the matchups. It's hard to quote here, but suffice to say the laws there describe the bracket listed above. The way that the bracket is structured after this advancement is such that it is impossible for two teams in the same group to play each other any earlier than the final. Also related to this is MLB rule 7.12 Take a look at this fake extra point Oregon executed for a 2 point conversion in the 2011 BCS championship game. Note how the holder comes out of his crouch and does not have his knee touching the ground when he receives the football. As far as the true lower limit, Page 22 of the MLB rules indicates that the zone is below the kneecaps, not above them. If the starter for the losing team leaves without the lead and his team does not regain it or tie, he is the loser. So if you miss a bag on your home run trot, you not only have to hit that bag, but you need to go back to each one and re round the bases. IIRC it is still a dead ball so there is no harm in doing so. However, generally if you miss a bag you're going to end up out because you won't know it until the appeal is made. The one point safety on the Defense suggested in the previous response may only occur during an Extra Point try by the offense, it's result is the same as a successful extra point by the offense. To do this they structure the bracket so that the top team from one group plays the second team from another group and teams in the same bracket are on opposite sides. You are only down if you possess the football and are on a knee. There is no method for the defending team to score a single point. And there is no way to only score a single point in american football Section 7.1 Actions to Conserve Time - Illegal Acts (from the bold section below marked Penalty): If a team loses the lead after the start has been removed and does not regain it, the loss is assigned to the current pitcher (even if he is not charged with the runs). Overall this is an unworkable strategy. Your best bet at this point of the game is to force a turnover or hope there is enough time left for a turnover on downs. It's worth noting (as was pointed out in the comments), that this is something unique to the era of a 32 team field. Prior to this era, teams from the same group could play each other prior to the finals as several 3rd place teams would be included in the final 16. A pitcher who enters the game with the tying run on base, at-bat or on deck and finishes the game with the lead.