2nd remark: If that sounded like our son does not like meeting with other children for playing, you got me wrong. 

We could not find a fixed scheme, at which time in the night he urinates. Mostly, the diaper is still dry when we wake him up, but sometimes it is not. And mostly the diaper will then still be dry in the morning, but sometimes it isn't. I think the composition of diner and what/how much he has drunk in the evening has a major effect. 

What can we do to help him finding new/more friends? And for sure he still goes to the bathroom again, directly before going to bed around 8 PM. It seems quite difficult (and I know myself that it is not easy to find such good soul-mate friends) to find new/other close friends. It adds to the problem, that he is "less wild" than most other boys, so he often prefers being with girls. He just started going to school and knew nearly no one in his class from before (while most of the others seemed to know each other already). At the moment it seems that there is none of the boys in his class who has the potential for becoming a new best friend... (I'm not yet sure about the girls.) There is one boy in our street, they now walk to school together (but are in different classes) - they seem to have fun together mostly, but the other boy is often too wild for our son. The practical problem: Even though he wears diapers (slip type, which he can put on by himself) in the night, it happens very often (sometimes daily) that the bed is really wet when he awakes in the morning. Remarks: Important addendum: Toilet training for the night and medical aspects In case you're having the same problem, one more remark might be important: 

When he sleeps at night, he wears diapers, as he is not aware of peeing during the night yet and does not wake up in time. So far that's ok, we've contacted a specialised doctor and it seems to be normal that some children take longer until they learn how to control that. (So for the given reasons we did not try that medicament yet.) Concerning bed wetting in the night (and not at all waking up before to go to the toilet) she said: 

He is also willing to meet with other children of his age (boys and girls), I just wonder how he can find again such a good an close friend as this leaving girlfriend.