Thus, in my opinion, there is only one answer to your question: take a look at Gadamer's "Truth and Method". When there is a major philosophical text that deals directly with the fundamental problematic underlying your question, there's no other responsible answer than a simple referral to the text in question. And, naturally, if for some reason one is unable to take the time to read the primary text, there are easily available secondary and tertiary resources which are easily found with the knowledge of the author and title of the primary work. Let us take the example of some flower which appear white to us, but which actually have stripes and other patterns in infrared colors, visible to bees. To us, at least up until the last century, the flowers are white; to the bees, the flowers are striped; now that we have instruments capable of registering infrared light, the flowers are striped for us as well. [*] and/or philology, but that's a discussion for another day. So, the question then becomes one of the interpretation of texts: how do we know when we have interpreted a text "correctly"? Further, what would "correctly" mean in this case: the recovery of authorial intent? The branch of philosophy [*] that these questions belong to is termed 'hermeneutics', and there exists a vast literature on the subject. If one were interested in a historical view, Schleiermacher would be the place to start, but I wouldn't recommend that, for the following reason: So, there's no need for a rigorous definition of "consciousness" in this regard; what is relevant is the limits of our sense-perception (as extended by whatever technologies we have developed.) Agrippa's Trilemma argues that all attempts at justification resolve to one of three cases: an infinite regression (e.g., we justify A by B, which is in turn justified by C, etc., with no end); a circular argument (e.g., we justify A by B, which is in turn justified by C, which is justified by A); or a set of unjustified axioms (we justify A by B, which is taken as axiomatic.) Inference and Analogy could be useful for following individual claims, but at the same time, inferences and analogies are going to necessarily be based upon a process of reasoning from things you already believe to be true, which puts you in danger (as you point out) of confirmation bias. EDIT: Just to flesh out the link a bit-- Others generally go unstated. A good example of this is found in Lewis Carroll's seminal paper What the Tortoise Said to Achilles Yes, mathematics (and classical logic) are based upon beliefs and assumptions. I'd suggest you take a look at Gadamer's "Truth and Method". That is indeed the case. Try not to let it get you down. It superficially appears to be empirical, but is somewhat different than empiricism as traditional constituted, because of the inclusion of the intelligible. It is an eminently defensible position; I don't know off-hand of any philosophers who dispute it (although there may be some I am not remembering at the moment.)