In other words, the House of Representatives has the power to start impeachment proceedings and the Senate has the power to perform the impeachment trial. If the Senate rules to convict the elected official, they are removed from office. 

Given this, what gave Theodore Roosevelt the authority to merge two requests for statehood into one? 

More local "point defense" missiles would have a better opportunity to intercept, as they'd have greater warning. But while they might have more time to intercept a missile coming in from a high trajectory at Japan (or to intercept an attack on Guam with missile batteries there), the chances of actually making an atmospheric intercept against such missiles could be substantially lower. 

You mentioned California specifically. As you can see from this chronological table, the number of Electoral votes has ranged from 4 following the 1850 census to 55 following the 2000 census (it stayed the same after the 2010 census). 

Live at your present address at least 30 days before an election I believe that Spider-Man could pass this requirement without providing a documented address because homeless people are allowed to vote in New York. From the National Coalition for the Homeless (emphasis mine): 

Plaintiffs challenged a New York State Election Law provision forbidding people living on the streets from registering to vote. The District Court held that the New York City Board of Election’s application of the residency requirement disenfranchised an entire group of people, which is forbidden by the Equal Protection Clause. The court found that a person’s “residence” is the place at the center of the individual’s life and the place where he/she presently intends to remain. The court reasoned that people need only have a specific location that they consider their “home base” — the place where one returns regularly, manifests an intent to remain, and can receive messages and be contacted. 

So how do I find out where candidates for county-level positions stand on the issues? 

The paper expands on the reasons for this: 

Note that the Vice President is also the President of the Senate (Article 1, Section 3). The Vice President presides in this role for any impeachment case (e.g. for a senator), except for that of the President because the constitution says that the Chief Justice presides in that trial. 

Can Spider-Man vote if he signs an affadavit? As of 2012, New York allows voters to cast ballots by affadavit saying that they are legally registered to vote. This was due to Hurricane Sandy destroying many polling sites, so voters were allowed to go elsewhere to vote. Since polling sites only have records for their own voters, a signed affadavit was permitted. 

Spider-Man could consider New York City his "home base", since he returns to it regularly, manifests an intent to remain, and can receive messages and be contacted (which he often does by various signals or a notice in the Daily Bugle). 

Individuals could be easily confused, and legitimate buyers could be denied. 

Beyond these rules which are set in stone by the Constitution, anything else would be subject the rules of the House and the rules of the Senate - basically the rules that are the parliamentary procedures of each body. Reference to committees, for example, falls within these rules. These rules are adopted at the beginning of each session, and define both the makeup and purpose of each committee. Committees (and any rules associated with them) are just a thing to make the body function better - if the body agreed to suspend the rules, for example, each body could set up any procedure it wanted, subject to the Constitutional limitations proscribed above. To cite a silly example, if the Senate decided that the impeached President had to attend the proceedings whilest wearing a pink tutu, the Supreme Court could not intervene on these grounds. (Cruel and unusual punishment perhaps, but the point is that within each Chamber, each body can do whatever it wants). 

Most standards evolve in this way - the first to market has an advantage that is only overcome if there is a sufficiently compelling reason to do so. We all know HTTP is insecure - but we all know everyone can speak it. So, even if a better standard exists, it will continue. 

As such, the answer technically is that the Court itself would decide. While the Chief Justice may have more influence, the Court typically prefers to act by consensus rather than dictat, so my assumption is that they would meet in chamber and decide. 

You need a case. Judges can't just overturn a precedent because they feel like it. There must be an actual case that goes all the way up the chain. Most cases will be decided according to precedent, and you can only appeal by showing a procedural problem, an extenuating circumstance, or a precedent that wasn't considered or was applied inconsistently. You can't just say, "we didn't like the decision, and we are appealing." A lower court is bound by what has been decided before, and a case must originate there. Then an appeals court needs to find an issue, and only then does the Supreme Court get involved. (It is very very rare to skip the appeals process) 

In fact, this was actually an issue in the election of 2000. While Dick Cheney had been a member of Congress from Wyoming, he was, in the year 2000, arguably a resident of Texas since he had property there. George W. Bush, governor of the same state, was as well. 

My guess, based on the collegiality of the court and it's love of consensus is that they would most likely do something like that if the issue were particularly contentious - but there is nothing that would require them to do so. It strikes me that the court could just as likely choose to honor a written opinion as a legacy to a justice who wrote it.