Blocking comments from low-reputation users in one mechanism against SPAM, since comment spam is very hard to track (since there is no review queue on that for example and no bumps). The comment block serves its purpose. Allowing new users to do one comment (possibly one SPAM comment), breaks this measure. 

I used another duplicate target as the one another user suggested which had just one vote until the time I voted to close. However, this first duplicate (which I found less useful than mine), was still on top in the duplicate notification. 

You are wrong. Stack Exchange is a network of Q/A sites, not a social network. 

No, if a question or answer is not okay, the author should work on it fixing it. You have as long as you want to, since a question put on hold can be reopened any time when it accumulates enough votes. In the meantime, OP and others can comment on it (if they have at least 50 reputation) or edit the question. Every edit will send the question into the reopen review queue, so it gets eyes on it. 

Sure. In most cases, the room owner is more or less arbitrary, because it's just the person who was first to create the (e.g.) PHP room. But of course it makes sense to have several owners, especially for rooms that are quite active and have developed their own "style", and have those owners be people who know their way around. 

If it's your desire not to help them, just be one of the remaining 5% and don't enter "beyond". Entering 

All that said, I ask you again to inform yourself a little more about the background of reCaptcha and think about whether it might be a good thing after all to actually enter "beyond". 

Update: This is now automated; if none of the owners of a reasonably active room has shown up for a while, the most active user (whose activity must also be above a certain threshold) will be automatically made owner. This logic would also have made ircmaxell owner of the PHP room, hadn't I done it manually. 

Update: Meta is now running on jQuery 1.7.1, we'll be monitoring it for issues for a while and then roll it out to the rest of the sites. 

So this word "beyond" will be presented to users solving reCaptchas all over the world, and if 95% of them type "beyond" into the box, reCaptcha can be pretty confident that the word actually is "beyond". 

As others have said, you might want to question your motives for this request. 

Update, one year later: For Winter Bash 2014, we switched to using SVG images, and you can now rotate and scale your hats. 

Some things are in place to help: 

Upvoting should go without reputation loss. If only those with sufficient reputation can keep voting, this will have a bad influence on the site and will give a negative sentiment, something like "Sorry I don't upvote you. You have enough reputation already and I don't want to lose mine." 

And how do you think ABP earns money? By letting companies pay to get on the list*. No way SE will pay for that. 

I used another duplicate target as the one another user suggested which had just one vote until the time I voted to close. However, this first duplicate (which I found less useful than mine), was still on top in the duplicate notification. 

If people (usually the 'Fast Gun in the West' kind) get the chance to answer questions without having any quality measures against it, the site is doomed. 

If you force other users to wait until they can vote to close, the question is long gone and will probably never get closed, since no one sees them. This is bad for the quality of the site. We don't close questions to bully people, it is quality management tool.