In Western Christendom (and also in Byzantium) the universal system of time-keeping was the Julian calendar. You have asked specifically about “townspeople”. Unlike other respondents to this question, I am not convinced that the majority of the population in mediaeval European towns were illiterate. But literate or not, there is no reason to doubt that they knew what the date was according to the Julian calendar. Merchants (for example) needed to know this. But also in the countryside people needed to know the date so as to plant their crops at the correct time of year. Calendars are very much part of popular culture in all civilisations. And this has nothing to do with newspapers. 

At least in prescriptive religious texts, Islam rejects the practice of bowing down to anyone but God, and the canonic report about the prophet’s delegation to Ethiopia specifically states that the Muslims refused to bow down to the Negus, but none the less found favour with him. (I am citing this not as a real historic event but as a normative religious statement). I suspect therefore that Maimonides is referring not to Muslim kings of his own time, but to the assumed situation at the time of the ancient Israelite kings. 

The judgement of contemporaries and modern historians is just about unanimous. King John was a terrible king. All things considered, he is probably a strong contender for the title of England's Worst Ever King! 

A number of versions of William of Malmesbury's chronicle are available online, in both Latin and in English. I have been unable to find one which contains that quote. 

Philip left Acre and returned to France via Genoa in August 1192. 

The Conquest of Normandy ================================= 

In fact, as a result of the knowledge accumulated from years of archaeological excavations, we can now not only say something about the development of the homes in these villages, but even about the furnishings that they contained. 

More generally, I don't doubt that Scots living in England would have experienced at least some hostility even before war broke out in 1296. Descriptions of Scots from that period were hardly flattering! In fact, as late as the sixteenth century, English writers were still describing the Scots thus: 

To confuse matters still further, you will often hear specialists in Romano-British archaeology referring to anything post-Roman as "modern". This is usually with tongue firmly in cheek, but I have occasionally seen things like shards of Norman pottery in a Roman context referred to as "modern intrusions"! 

Hardy seemed to be clear that the quote did not appear in William of Malmesbury's chronicle. "Bromton" here seems to refer not to another translator, but rather to be a reference to the "chronicle" by John of Brompton which is held in the Bodleian Library. 

The question of the legitimacy of the daughters of Henry VIII was entirely to do with the Royal succession. Of course, there were some - particularly in continental Europe - who did not recognise the legitimacy of the marriage of Elizabeth's mother, Anne Boleyn, to Henry VIII. For these people, Elizabeth had never been a legitimate daughter of Henry in the first place. 

The short answer is "Yes, but it's complicated". 

Now, you are absolutely right that the Massacre of the Latins in Constantinople in 1182, and the Sack of Constantinople by the Fourth Crusade in 1204 effectively permanently sealed the breach and made reconciliation between the two sides virtually impossible. However, that doesn't change the fact that the fundamental breach had occurred in 1054. 

For context, it is worth noting that Henry of Huntingdon's chronicle was first published, under the patronage of Alexander of Lincoln, in around 1129/1130. A second edition was published in 1135, with further editions following over the years, up to 1154. His writing style made his works popular (we have at least 25 surviving manuscripts from the period). Then, as now, (albeit to a slightly lesser extent, perhaps) a whiff of scandal sells!