What about if you are having a LAN party with 10 friends and are in a custom game together. If the internet goes out, what happens to the game? Will it automatically end or will it continue for a while in case the players reconnect. 

Miss Fortune on the other hand has a much shorter range at 550. However her skill Double Up is also very good at harass if you are able to position correctly. This makes her harass much less reliable though. Her skill Make It Rain isn't a very good harass because it deals damage over time only if the enemy is within the area where this skill is casted. The enemy will rarely stand still in this area so it will result in a very negligible amount of damage. Not to mention the fact Make It Rain is a skill that is usually maxed last. However Make It Rain is very good at last hitting multiple minions at once if you find there are several minions that are about to die and you can't possibly simultaneous get all the last hits. When talking about advantages and disadvantages, it is necessary to first set a context. Each champion have advantages and disadvantages in different situations. These are several situations in which an AD carry will have to be good at to become effective as an ranged AD carry. 

So since Pix's damage is magic damage, it will not affect the tower in any form regardless who Pix is currently following. Talon is very good at farming. Level up his rake(W) as fast as possible to 5. This can essentially one shot a minion wave. Many people at lower levels do not understand the importances of balancing harassing with farming. Farm up well early game, dominate late game. 

Summoner Spells: The two I would recommend is: Ignite and Flash. Flash is of course one of the most powerful summoner spells there is. This can be used both offensively and defensively. If the enemy is just out of reach of your cutthroat and you can't jump to them for the finishing blow, flash will close the gap between you. Or defensively you can use it to create a greater gap between you and your enemy OR flash over a wall. You do not understand how many times that has saved my life. 

This is all assuming you are not playing Dominion. If you are on dominion, you SHOULD be using promote on recharge. Mostly because there is no downside to pushing really hard at all AND the fact that the games usually last a lot shorter so you want to get as much use out of it as possible. For the most part usually the person pushing bot will optimize this the most. Because in level 1 fights the tanks have not begun building tanky items yet, there really isn't a tank per se. Anyone who runs into the fray can easily be focused down in seconds. Because of this, it is better to stay in formation (champions with higher defensive base stats in the front, and champions with lower defensive base stats in the back), and play reactively. If one of them charges in, then focus that champion down. Generally it is smart to have your "formation" near a bush so the squishy targets can utilize that to avoid being a initial target in the fight.