This is a warning sign to me. Reading is very important. It is one sure way to become a better writer (assuming you are selective about what you read, of course). But your phrasing suggests that you find yourself wanting to write during your set 'reading-time'. 

Here is an example, from what I am currently writing: Using this method, you remove the infodump completely, and not only convey all the information you need, but show it as true, rather than simply asking the reader to believe you. Inserting the information into the action like this also serves to cut down on mindless 'action-telling' (just relating what happened). That being said, authors can and do take grammatical liberties sometimes. If you feel the sentence would sound better a different way, write it that way. 

A prepositional phrase must consist of a preposition (behind, on, in, under, around, etc.) and an object (i.e. what the object of the sentence is behind, on, in, etc.) 

The first thing you need to do when trying to figure out how to describe something is go for the technical and literal side of things. Break it down into exactly what is going on. 

Your trouble in finding a word is that it does not exist. You will need to use adjectives and other descriptions to properly describe it. Question: I am attempting to create a thematic setting for my novel. I like to plan my novels ahead well before I ever start writing them, so 'just write' isn't the answer here. I need some plan, some formula if you will, to follow. Something which will allow me to take a theme - or message - and correctly identify a setting which will show it regardless of what story I put in it. Do you perhaps know of such a way to create a setting? 

The simple answer is simply to describe the awareness of the fight. I've been doing martial arts for three years now, so I know that your mentality shifts a lot depending on what style you are using. However, there is a common theme of looking for a weakness in your opponent and exploiting it. While I have never been in a plain 'fist-fight', I would assume the mentality there is more just about trying to hit your opponent as hard as you can, and not caring or knowing where or how to hit them. 

Artistry Your question deals specifically with the artistic elements of martial arts and how to distinguish it from regular combat. As I said in my opening paragraph, a lot of that comes down to awareness.