This tells us that the object language we're working with has the following sort of primitive expressions: "p", "p′", "p′′", "p′′′", etc., as well as compound expressions formed by logically connecting the primitive expressions, e.g.: "p ∧ p′", "¬p′′′", "(p ∧ p′′)", and so on. Now suppose that we want to introduce a helpful connective such as "∨" (inclusive disjunction) into our discussion. I didn't make the alphabet explicit, but Lo does not include the symbol '∨' among its symbols, so we are denied the option of simply positing the following equivalence for all substitutions of 'p', 'p′': If we let 'j' denote Joe, 'm' Mary, we'll have two possible explications of (5): one using a binary relation symbol 'S' (which holds of (x,y) just in case x is the sone of y) and one using the identity relation on the domain of individuals and the unary function symbol 's' (which refers to the unique individual that is the son of x). Following the first way we get: AaB  =df         B ⊆ A              ('all Bs are As'),                                                                      References Admittedly, the proof is only semi-formal, but I hope it will be sufficient to motivate the claim that we really need reductio to prove certain claims of the syllogistic.                                                       §2. Two uses of Metavariables Mozibur has already given a satisfying answer to the conceptual question, so I'll quote: We then instantiate (P4) with A for P and O for Q, obtaining: The wikipedia article on modal algebras says (Edit: After reading Schiphol's answer, I can understand why it makes sense that negation leaves the degrees {⊥ , ⊤} and ∅ fixed for this interpretation. I even got the impression that "set values" model this "whether there is" type of information quite naturally.) It seems to me that for this semantics, the negation should exchange the degrees {⊥ , ⊤} and ∅. However, in the description of Dunn/Belnap's 4-valued system in the same article a conflicting definition of negation is given: Logical positivism is sort of self contradictory in a different way. It rejects assumptions about the existence of an underlying (observer independent objective) reality, but uncritically accepts the existence of empirical data. But often empirical data can only be collected, if there is at least some theory of an underlying reality. It is a bit like saying "the statistics says ..." without realising how much what the statistics say is influenced by how you asked the questions and how you interpreted the answers. The truth values of classical propositional logic form a Boolean algebra. The only subdirectly irreducible Boolean algebra has cardinality 2 (True & False). Hence the equational theory of classical propositional logic is completely determined by the two element Boolean algebra. There were at least three different idealistic positions regarding the existence of mathematical objects: Note The above description is neither historically correct nor does it give full justice to the corresponding positions. However, I preferred to give a description of idealistic positions which still includes its rough edges, as a contrast to the "why should we care" position of fictionalism. Maybe I have to write an answer myself. But this is not really an answer, it is more the background which caused me to ask this question. But it answers some of the objections brought up in comments, even if it could and should be probably elaborated much more thoroughly. (Sorry for misusing the "community answer" feature in that way.) whether there is positive information about the truth of this SOA or not, and whether there is positive information about the falsity of this SOA or not. Both aspects can use standard truth values for this evaluation. Every field of sets is a Boolean algebra, and every Boolean algebra can represented as a field of sets. As a consequence, classical propositional logic can also be regarded as the logic of subsets. In David Ellerman's paper about the dual of the logic of subsets, I read that (it is supposedly well known that) intuitionistic logic can also be interpreted as the logic of open subsets. There is also a later simplified (32 pages instead of 64) introduction to partition logic, which I haven't read yet. Every Heyting algebra can be represented as the open elements of an interior algebra. Every interior algebra can be represented as a topological field of sets with its interior and closure operators corresponding to those of the topological space. Another aspect is that every "n-ary operator between open sets" composed of pointwise operators and interior operators can be defined by an intuitionistic formula. But note that in the same way as a field of sets is not necessarily isomorphic to the set of all subsets of a set, a topological field of sets is not necessarily isomorphic to the set of all open subsets of a topological space. Contrapositives The conditional statement P ⊃ Q does have another equivalent conditional form, known as the contrapositive: ¬Q ⊃ ¬P. This is a way of rephrasing the constraints on when P can be true, as a constraint on when Q can be false. Logical operations are the very starting point of circuit complexity, which is the most promising direction to seek provable big-picture results in computational complexity, and — speaking of modern computing technology — is also one of the easiest gateways to the formalism of quantum computation. So what could it mean for "zero" to be the same as "infinity"? Well: all numbers — including simple ones, such as 1, 2, 3 — are just ideas, and they can mean different things in different contexts. When you roll a die, the number 6 doesn't mean anything, although you might give that number signifcance by doing something specific. In the game of craps in which you roll a pair of dice, 7 and 11 are good rolls and 2, 3, 12 are bad ones; but that does not mean that somehow 7 = 11 or that 2 = 3 = 12 in any deeper sense. These are just human games, of course; but numbers are human ideas with which we try to grasp the world with acuity. The roles of any numbers in a physical theory do not arise from the numbers themselves, but from their interpretation as referring to magnitudes of physical qualities which interact with one another.                                                       §2. Two uses of Metavariables If we let 'j' denote Joe, 'm' Mary, we'll have two possible explications of (5): one using a binary relation symbol 'S' (which holds of (x,y) just in case x is the sone of y) and one using the identity relation on the domain of individuals and the unary function symbol 's' (which refers to the unique individual that is the son of x). Following the first way we get: Mozibur has already given a satisfying answer to the conceptual question, so I'll quote: I think what has confused you is the usual grammatical role of "nothing." It appears in sentences like: Whenever you have two languages Lo and Lm such that the expressions of Lm are used to talk about the expressions of Lo, the two languages are respectively called 'the object language' and the 'metalanguage'. For example, so far I've been using English both as an object language and a metalanguage. You can notice the spots where I've gone beyond the object level to the meta level by finding the quoted expressions ' 'metalanguage' ' and ' 'the object language' '. Notice that I used double quotes there, because now I'm using English to talk about expressions (e.g. ' 'metalanguage' ') that are used to talk about expressions (e.g. 'metalanguage') of English.