Relevant rules (see FIVB Official Volleyball Rules 2015-2016): 

(Rule 102 – Penalties on the Scoreclock) Whether the hit itself was legal: Did the setter touch the ball within his own playing space? Was it a proper hit? (Was the ball not held/caught/thrown)? According to your image, the setter touched the ball beyond the net, above the opponent’s court. In that case, the setter made a fault of “reaching beyond the net”, signalled by the referee by a hand placed above the net, palm facing downwards. (Rule 108 – Duration of Penalties/Minor and Misconduct) As you say “a tournament”, be aware that different competitions use different rules for tie breaking. When you mention FIFA, the tournaments organized directly by FIFA use the rules described by Dor Cohen; e.g. the official FIFA World Cup 2014 Regulations state in rule 49, paragraph 5: 11.4.1 [Player’s faults at the net] A player touches the ball or an opponent in the opponent's space before or during the opponent’s attack hit. 

Yes. The set became an illegal attack hit by a back row player when the attack hit was completed (in this case by contacting the opponent’s block). The rally should have been won by the opponents. With the currently valid rules, at the exact moment the penalty time expires, the player goes to the ice to help his teammates (governed by the penalty-box attendant opening the gate for him): The crucial question here is whether Jelavić received the ball after it rebounded to him off an opponent, or if the opponent played the ball. 

If nobody would be sitting in the penalty box, the team would need to wait until the first whistle after the penalty time expiry and only then send the complete five-men squad, as it would be impossible to ensure the correct time otherwise. In that case, you can easily imagine the shorthanded team being unable to stop the play legally for very long time. 

Also, I especially recommend watching teaching videos for referees available as a part of the FIVB Multimedia Teaching Material for Referees: First, click Net Rule Move in the left menu and watch the video. Then, navigate to rule 11 in the contents menu and click Jump to the videos to see a list of applicable video examples. 

13.1.3: An attack hit is completed at the moment the ball completely crosses the vertical plane of the net or is touched by an opponent. 

But if the back-row setter touches the ball within his own playing area (or, theoretically, above the free zone, if the ball is overflying the net partially or completely outside the antennae), and plays it “backwards” into his own half of the court or parallel to the net or his teammate touches the ball prior to the ball crossing the net completely and prior to any blocking opponent touching the ball, it is valid play. A back row setter jumped from within the attack zone and set the ball while it was completely above the height of the net, directing it towards an attacker. Before the attacker could contact the ball, it penetrated the vertical plane of the net where it was blocked by the opponent’s setter. Was there a fault? 

When the set is imperfect and the setter actually plays the ball towards the opponent’s court, it counts as an attack hit. And back-row players cannot complete an attack hit from the front zone when the ball is completely above the top of the net. This means that if the setter hits the ball completely above the top of the net towards the opponent’s court, it is an “attack hit fault” if the attack hit is completed, which means either the ball crosses the vertical plane of the net completely, or the opponent touches the ball.