As a side note, this treaty organization is supposed to be beholden to the treaty, not their governments, but This American Life has an interesting episode, The Audacity Of Government about US politics about private property and executive control intervening during the Bush administration. 

Here is an M3 Lee, the US state of the art in early 1942, showing its riveted armor. It at least had a radio. Nevertheless, its relatively thick armor, relatively large gun, and automotive reliability made it a surprisingly successful stopgap. Midway had very heavy anti-air defenses, recently beefed up in anticipation of a battle. In the first attack, the Japanese lost 11 aircraft with 14 heavily damaged, and 29 more lightly damaged. This might seem like a lot, but the Japanese had 248 aircraft. Most were lost without even being launched in the first US carrier strike that sunk three of the four carriers. Third, it prevented private speculators exploiting the artificially raised price of gold. Since the Act nearly doubled the price of gold overnight, such an upheaval in the gold trade might have lead to hording and speculation. The US govt wanted to control the price of gold so it was assured people would sell to them, and in order to do that it had to effectively shut down the gold trade within the US. If the market price of gold in the US went over what the US govt was offering, people wouldn't sell to the govt and the whole plan would fall apart. As there's less money to go around, supply shrinks and it becomes more valuable. While this is great if you have money, it's not so good if you want to run a business. A mild, predictable amount of inflation is good for a modern economy. Then the Great Depression hit and suddenly these veterans were out of work and needed money right now, not in 1945. The Bonus Army, and others, demanded to be able to redeem their Certificates immediately. After a Congressional bill to do just that failed in the Senate 62 to 18, the Bonus Army was forcefully evicted by the US Army. 

It has to do this in the cold, in the hot, in the rain, in the dry, in the dust, with indifferent maintenance, with variations in ammunition quality, thousands of times. If you don't get it just right, your gun don't work. If you'd like to go into detail and appreciate the complexity, here's firearms expert Ian McCollum disassembling the revolutionary StG 44. 

We're allowed to own gold today because we no longer use the Gold Standard or any material thing to back our money, known as representative money. Today's money is backed by our faith in the government to repay its debts, our faith they won't print too much money, and the value the markets say it has: fiat money. Governments have control over their fiscal policy, and private gold speculators have only a very mild effect. 

If our M4A1 has the 75mm gun, it's in trouble. It will struggle to penetrate the StuG III's 80mm of frontal armor at 500 meters. It is seriously outgunned. Its best bet is to fire a white phosphorous round to blind the StuG III while the M4 maneuvers for a side shot, or withdraws and calls in artillery, or calls in a buddy to flank the StuG III. WP could even cause a German crew to panic and bail out believing their vehicle is on fire. There was a recent expedition to relocate these markers and resurvey the border, the Missouri/Iowa Boundary Line Investigation. That article includes more details about the border dispute. 

The low silhouette of the StuG III (7 feet high vs 9 feet) made it ideal for ambush tactics. Against the Americans it's likely going to be on the defense and well hidden. It will probably get one or two aimed shots off at an advancing Sherman before the M4 can return fire. The StuG III's 75 mm KwK 40 L/48 gun could penetrate the M4A1's front armor at 1000 meters or more (except the gun mantlet). 

Furthermore, it is "We the People of the United States", acting as a body, not the people of each state deciding on their own. Various attempts by states to show local majority support for nullification relied on Compact Theory to be considered valid. 

For this reason, and others, you can make a submachine gun firing low pressure pistol ammunition like the German MP 40 or US M3 much easier than you can make a service rifle firing ammunition with 2 to 3 times the pressure. One attempt was the Gewehr 41, a heavy, complex, unreliable mess exemplifying all the things that can go wrong with German over-engineering and clinging to tradition. Here's Ian McCollum again pulling this gun apart. The Germans copied some good ideas from captured SVT-40s and produced the Gewehr 43 which did better and was more suited for mass production. Source: Chapter VII - The Pearl Harbor Attack 

... so let's put too much thought into it. It turns out it leads to some interesting background on the Three-Fifths Compromise.