But as a general way of deciding which science you are doing, you can rely upon how many and which among the concepts basic to your thinking are actually emergent phenomena too abstract to make strict sense in other sciences. 

I propose the latter approach as a general theory of knowledge evolution that applies not just to science, but to social convention, logical foundations, and individual perception. 

This perspective suggests that our notions of space, time, color, etc. may need to evolve, perhaps in a literal and biological sense, before we can understand some of the deeper conundrums of physics. 

It may be the first post-modern fact, but it also the easiest to dismiss. Reductionists will take the out to wish it away, even though dismissing it burdens one with all sorts of infinities that would otherwise just annoy them. At the same time, most people of the contrasting bent would really like all that stuff that the theorem does not apply to, to be real, maybe even more real than the science. So it kind of loses either way. 

Religion and magic are actually equally common. But people prefer to call their magic religion, when they can get away with it. The idea that supernatural forces affect real life is a valid religious principle in almost every religion, even those without gods. 

Question 2. Can we believe certain scientific theories/results even if we personally don't understand most of the concepts/theories ourselves? Why? Isn't this similar to how people put their "faith" in god? Aren't we placing our "faith" on the experts? 

Check whether this belief is an inappropriate reliance upon a few charismatic individuals, rather than a large group doctrine -- if you are fighting a cult and not a religion, you need a whole different perspective 

But that does not undermine its usability as a component of theories. It just requires compromise between different applications of the principle to be chosen by each theory. We just have to guess what is and is not special about home until we get a good sense of life abroad. 

There is a level where the actual locations of hydrogen ions are strictly relevant, and one where the notion of acidity takes over. There is a level where Brownian motion is a relevant phenomenon, and a boundary beyond which where temperature is a more useful concept that means the same thing in a more abstract sense. There is a level where cells are important and a level where tissues and organs are relevant, and then another where all that matters are whole bodies. 

Radioactive material throws off alpha particles at an expected average rate, but in a truly random and utterly unpredictable rhythm, due, at root, to the absolute indeterminacy of the real distances between nuclear particles. The time between counter clicks will vary in a truly random way. There are even important laws like Heisenberg's principle that only ever give us ways to make things unknown and unknowable at some level of detail. 

Evidence is definitely language-dependent. If I want to do statistical analysis on the genome of rabbits, I need to know what is and what is not a rabbit, so I can go to my taxonomy and get the definition of a rabbit, and then go find some. Twenty years ago I could also do that for dinosaurs, and find that they were all extinct. But now, if I do the same, I find that birds fit the definition given for dinosaurs. 

When they are 'loas', Vodou is magic, when they are 'Saints', it is religion. When a Sunni cleric writes a verse on a special slate and cleans it with appropriate reverence in order to shorten the term of a disease it is magic to more 'modernized' Muslims, but proper religious devotion to some ultra-Orthodox Muslims. When a Christian Astrologer casts your chart and believes in the influence of Mars on you that week, it is magic. But it is the remnant of a genuine religion, in which that person, to some degree, still believes (even if they need a big dose of Jungian psychology to wash it down with). 

From a Kantian point of view it may be that all we can know of things like space and time and color is their fundamental nature. We may never know all the ways nature interacts with or causes us to experience those things, but the fundamental nature of those things is an aspect of ourselves and not of nature.