The question of who invented the aeroplane is a contentious one. 

What we do know is that Lincoln wrote to Secretary of State John M Clayton on 21 August 1849, advising that he had received a letter notifying him of his appointment as "Secretary of the Teritory of Oregon" [sic] and accompanied by a Commission. He said: You can read much more detail in the record of the debates on the Marshall Plan in the US Congress in the Congressional Record of the 80th Congress (further volumes are also available on archive.org). This includes the observations and opinions of the senate members, which are particularly appropriate in the context of your question. 

Soldiers, then as now, often resented interference from politicians who did not share their experience of the actual events in battle. They had fought at Antietam, and many presumably shared McClellan's caution in the aftermath. 

We are, however, fortunate in having a nearly-contemporary source, published in 1910, which described not only the then state of the steel industry, but also its recent history. That source is The Steel Workers by John Andrews Fitch, which was published as part of the Pittsburgh Survey in 1910. I'm not certain about the light-bulb, although it looks like it may be referring to Eastern Air Lines Flight 401 which crashed into the Florida Everglades while the flight-crew were preoccupied with a burned-out warning light. 

It would appear that by 1890, workers involved in producing the raw-steel ingots were generally working 12-hour shifts, while those employed in the sheet mills were working 8-hour shifts. (According to Fitch, those involved in producing steel pipe seem to have been working 10-hour shifts, although he doesn't explain how that would fit with mills operating 24 hours per day. Nevertheless, it seems that situation had continued up until the time of the report's publication in 1910 [Ibid: footnote p170]). Even leaving aside the men employed in fabricating structural material, who Fitch (quite reasonably) suggests were not sensu stricu "steel-workers" according to the definitions used in his report (being "consumers" rather than "producers" of steel), this seems surprising. However, Fitch does not offer a reason why men involved in the production of steel pipe were treated so differently. For context, in 1766, Parliament had passed the Declaratory Act, stating the colonies were subordinate to Parliament and subject to British Law. That, coupled with a number of tax laws passed by Parliament (beginning with the Sugar Act of 1764 and the Stamp Act of 1765 followed by further acts after 1766) fuelled the colonists' grievances, and led to claims of “no taxation without representation!”. The fact that the Scout movement also catered for girls widened its appeal, since many of the youth movements up to that point had been for boys only. As noted above, the Girl Guides were formed by Baden-Powell and his sister, Agnes, just months after the Boy Scouts Association. (Agnes Baden-Powell would lead the Girl Guides until 1918 when Olave Baden-Powell took over as Chief Guide.) Actually, King George III didn't refuse to pass any laws. All the acts passed by Parliament during his reign received Royal Assent.