Yes. "Binding" and "obligatory" mean exactly what it looks like: "are binding upon" means "apply to", and "obligatory" means "mandatory" or "compulsory." 

The Catholic Encyclopedia reports: 

Yes, they had (as the Encyclopedia puts it) "concise directions" regarding Office and Mass, which means the text was generally abbreviated, though enough of the text was given that a priest would have no doubt as to which specific forms were to be used, whenever there was a choice of two or more. 

44 For if he had not hoped that they that were slain should have risen again, it had been superfluous and vain to pray for the dead. 

However, when the most recent Liturgical reform was promulgated, the rubrics were collected into single books, the Ordo missae for Holy Mass and the Breviarium for the Liturgy of the Hours. Note, however, that a Traditionalist group under a company called Saint Lawrence Press produces Ordines Recitandi for the current year, according to the pre-Vatican II Missal. 

However, you will find that Canon Law is rather forgiving in actually imposing penalties for violation of its canons, unless that lack of imposition were to constitute a scandal: 

Here, part of Judas Maccabeus's army died fighting the Gorgias, military governor of Idumea. It was found that those who died had kept Jamnite idols, which is a sin. However, they had fought for Israel and to defend their homeland, so the people prayed that the Lord might forgive them this offense so that they might be raised when the Resurrection came. As verse 44 says, "for if he had not hoped that they that were slain should have risen again, it had been superfluous and vain to pray for the dead." But because he hoped for the Resurrection, it is not vain to pray for them. 

10 The four and twenty elders fall down before him that sat on the throne, and worship him that liveth for ever and ever, and cast their crowns before the throne, saying, 

Of course, your argument is that prayer for the dead is vain because they are all asleep. In fact, the doctrine of Mortalism (sometimes known as "soul sleep") is postulated exactly to justify the vanity of praying for the dead, or of intercessory prayer by the dead. But there are passages in Scripture where we see the dead specifically not sleeping. Particularly, in the passage of the Transfiguration (Mt 17:1–13; Mk 9:2–13; Lk 9:28–36) Moses and Elijah are standing together with Jesus and talking. 

They eventually evolved into the Ordines recitandi which were used until the general reforms in 1970 after Vatican II, and were basically the same thing — a book with an entry for each day of the year and which specific readings, antiphons, psalms, and proper prayers were due for that day. 

42 Betook themselves unto prayer, and besought him that the sin committed might wholly be put out of remembrance. Besides, that noble Judas exhorted the people to keep themselves from sin, forsomuch as they saw before their eyes the things that came to pass for the sins of those that were slain. 

41 All men therefore praising the Lord, the righteous Judge, who had opened the things that were hid, 

Are they still in use today or did they get replaced by something else? 

Lk 9:30–31 And, behold, there talked with him two men, which were Moses and Elias: 31 Who appeared in glory, and spake of his decease which he should accomplish at Jerusalem. 

In conclusion, regarding your points: 

Mk 9:4 And there appeared unto them Elias with Moses: and they were talking with Jesus. 

Here we see "obliged" again, and not participating in Sunday Mass is thus a violation of a Canon. But beyond that, it is a sin against the Third Commandment (cf. Ex 20:8–10). Analogously, not fasting or not abstaining from meat when demanded is a sin against Temperance (the virtue of self-restraint or moderation, opposed to the deadly sin of Gluttony), as well as against Obedience to one's Bishop, who requests this Work of Mercy from his flock. 

Note that nowadays the Mass of Paul VI seems to take a different approach, letting the priests queue up the correct readings for the day by using a system of several bookmarks out of the same single book, either the Ordo Missae for Holy Mass or the Breviarium for the Liturgy of the Hours, which are prepared beforehand before starting Liturgy. 

11 Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honour and power: for thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are and were created. 

40 Now under the coats of every one that was slain they found things consecrated to the idols of the Jamnites, which is forbidden the Jews by the law. Then every man saw that this was the cause wherefore they were slain.