To require any other kind of qualification for the office would require a constitutional amendment. It could not be imposed as a simple matter of law. All of these issues, however, are a matter of political wrangling, not a matter of law. The Constitution makes no requirement for any qualification beyond what is outlined above. Additionally, the 20th and 25th amendments establish a line of succession upon death or disability of the President while in office, but do not affect the actual qualifications to be elected. In recent years, Presidential candidates have been subjected to increased scrutiny regarding their age and health. Concerns over John McCain's age and an alleged cover-up of Hillary Clinton's deteriorating health have made news cycles. Bernie Sanders' age has also been cited as a concern. Article II, Sec. 1 states that the qualifications for President are as follows: Nowhere in the Constitution does it require the President to undergo any kind of medical examination to qualify for office. Essentially, the key is to select a good random sample. In general, the sample is accurate to half of the square root of the number of people who are asked. Given the standard number of 1000 people, that means that the number should be accurate to within 17 people or so. Divide by the original 1000 people in half, and taking 17/500, and you have the traditional 3.4% error boundaries typically given for polling data. Assuming that these are true, then we fall into the realm of sampling statistics. The general formula is sqrt((p-p^2)/n). Assuming that the race is nearly split, then this gives sqrt(.25/n), or 1/(2*sqrt(n)). Again, for the random sample of 1000, this will let you know how accurate one portion of the numbers is. Dividing it by the half of the full body, and you get 3.4%. Specifically, the following is the key to a good poll: If these are not true, then some corrective factor could be applied to the poll. This is where things get tricky. Most polls are conducted via phone. For those who do not have access to phones, this will skew the data. What is typically done to correct for these is to gather additional information about the person being polled, and correcting the overall data to better fit the model of who is actually voting. Additionally, a lot of rhetoric has been stirred up regarding candidates' past financial dealings, causing some candidates to disclose their federal tax returns. In recent years, Presidential candidates have been subjected to increased scrutiny regarding their age and health. Concerns over John McCain's age and an alleged cover-up of Hillary Clinton's deteriorating health have made news cycles. Bernie Sanders' age has also been cited as a concern. To require any other kind of qualification for the office would require a constitutional amendment. It could not be imposed as a simple matter of law. Additionally, the 20th and 25th amendments establish a line of succession upon death or disability of the President while in office, but do not affect the actual qualifications to be elected. Nowhere in the Constitution does it require the President to undergo any kind of medical examination to qualify for office. Article II, Sec. 1 states that the qualifications for President are as follows: All of these issues, however, are a matter of political wrangling, not a matter of law. The Constitution makes no requirement for any qualification beyond what is outlined above. Essentially, the key is to select a good random sample. In general, the sample is accurate to half of the square root of the number of people who are asked. Given the standard number of 1000 people, that means that the number should be accurate to within 17 people or so. Divide by the original 1000 people in half, and taking 17/500, and you have the traditional 3.4% error boundaries typically given for polling data. Specifically, the following is the key to a good poll: If these are not true, then some corrective factor could be applied to the poll. This is where things get tricky. Most polls are conducted via phone. For those who do not have access to phones, this will skew the data. What is typically done to correct for these is to gather additional information about the person being polled, and correcting the overall data to better fit the model of who is actually voting. Assuming that these are true, then we fall into the realm of sampling statistics. The general formula is sqrt((p-p^2)/n). Assuming that the race is nearly split, then this gives sqrt(.25/n), or 1/(2*sqrt(n)). Again, for the random sample of 1000, this will let you know how accurate one portion of the numbers is. Dividing it by the half of the full body, and you get 3.4%.