Gibson proposes that instead of using the state to prosecute insider trading, corporate bylaws should define what insider trading is and how it should be punished financially. If corporations defined and punished insider trading, then competition would lead to more effective ways of getting back money from fraudulent insiders especially compared to relying on a stagnant government bureaucracy. Meanwhile the "little guy" who would need to be protected from these kind of predatory practices should have a diversified portfolio for his 401k. Any manipulation of one stock should barely register and long term investors(ie normal people saving for retirement) should be mostly unaffected by these kinds of short term manipulations. If a country "becomes bankrupt" what is actually happening is that it does not have the money to pay its debt. This will mean that it will default (not pay according to the terms) on some of its debt. This is very bad for the people who loaned the country money as they will not get their money back. The other effect is that future investors will be wary of loaning the country money, since the country has a demonstrated history of not paying its debt. This will make any future borrowing difficult and expensive (high interest rates). This will mean that the country may be unable to do deficit spending in times of recession as the costs of borrowing stimulus money will be very high. Additionally, if a country does not have the tax revenue base to support its current level of government spending, then it will have to abruptly reduce its level of government spending, for example by cutting government employee wages and stopping projects. For further reading regarding bitcoin address reuse you can see following: Is it safe to reuse a Bitcoin address? at Bitcoin SE The situation then looks like this: your employer pays you salary from their address A to your newly created address B. You then buy something with B and pay to newly created address C and return your change to your new address D. This procedure repeats over and over again. If you are careful and spend your change in a given branch completely without merging it with your other branch (as a transaction input for bigger payment) then the money from that branch basically disappears and no one is able to connect it to the money in your other branches. By branching I mean to ask for your income to be split right at the beginning - your employer pays your monthly salary to your 10 newly created addresses. Things get a bit more complicated like this.