Why The Tree? God created man with the capacity to choose to love God and walk in His good ways. That would be absolutely pointless if man was never presented with an opportunity to make a choice of any kind! Q & A "If the fruit was 'forbidden', why did God put it in front of man?" Answer: "Forbidden" means it was a boundary which God set. He could have chosen any boundary He wanted - He could have said "don't stand over there." He chose the fruit, hence "forbidden" fruit. (Why did He choose the fruit? That's another question!) "Why was it necessary to present Adam with a test which he was bound to fail?" Answer: This question is based on a misunderstanding. Adam had a choice, and chose to sin. The idea that he was "bound to fail the test" is false. (Consider the angels - some fell, some did not.) However, Christians do not build their beliefs on the philosophical conclusions of non-Christians; we build our beliefs on Scripture. Therefore, if a Christian uses the term "omnipresent" to describe God, it is a given that it should be defined according to Scripture: God is omnipresent in the sense that He is present everywhere in heaven and in the physical universe, but not in Hell. Defining Evil At this point, many wonder, "If God didn't create evil, then why does evil exist?" I think we need to be careful with semantics here. Evil is not a substance to be created or destroyed - it is a way which is contrary to God's ways. For instance, if I become conceited, that would be evil (sin) because that is contrary to God's good ways (love, humility, etc.) But it wouldn't really make sense to ask "Why did God decide to create my conceitedness?" because it obviously isn't a substance to be created, and if it were, He obviously wouldn't have created it. Evil only sounds like a substance due to clever wordplay. ...the Father is not "the Holy Spirit." Passages such as this one teach us that God is "almighty". It is most accurate to think of this word as meaning "God has unlimited might, which enables Him to do anything He wants to do", rather than interpreting this to mean "it is possible for God to do anything we can think up." The following passage describes this more clearly: At the end of the day, any Systematic Theology (whether it be of Hell or of omnipresence) should be based on the complete counsel of Scripture, and not prior commitments (i.e. agendas) and proof-texts. The view that God "must" be present in Hell seems to be based more on prior philosophical commitments than sound exegesis. The Heathen Definition Heathens often use the word omnipotent to mean "capable of doing anything." Modern (naturalistic) heathens have a field day in debates using this definition, because it opens up all sorts of nonsensical attacks, such as "can God create a rock so big He cannot move it?", which is essentially the same as asking, "does God have the power to create a situation in which He is powerless?", or even more plainly, "does God have the power to not be God?" As C. S. Lewis pointed out, this is nothing more than shrewd, nonsensical wordplay. Semantics As indicated in the wikipedia post you linked, there are many definitions for the word omnipotent. As with many of the heavily debated topics in Christianity today, the controversy arises when we begin to mix two different definitions during a debate. (Other examples: "evolution", "knowledge", "free-will", "love", "life", "evil", and so on.) The word omnipotent literally translates as "all-powerful", but as usual, the meaning of the word is determined by the person using it, and is clarified by the context of their usage. The solution to all of this confusion is for Christians to study the Scriptures and understand what was originally meant by the term omnipotence in Christian theology, and stop trying to train "unreasoning animals" to understand things which are impossible for them to understand, and which they are unwilling to accept. With that said, let's take a quick look at the definition commonly used by heathens. Heathen: "My point is, if God is omnipotent then He should have the power to do anything, but does He have the power to make a contradiction? Can He create a square circle? Does He have the power to limit His power?" The two terms are synonymous... From a Biblical perspective the answer is no. God is not present in Hell; that is what makes it Hell! I would also love it if you could include a comment about whether this teaches us anything about the nature of God. Thanks. "Who knew better than God that Adam would fail the test?" Answer: This line of reasoning assumes that foreknowledge necessitates fatalism, and eliminates accountability. Both assumptions are false. Yes, God knew what Adam would choose - but it was Adam who chose. To learn the answers to such difficult questions, we need to seek the Lord. When they arrest you and hand you over, do not worry beforehand about what you are to say, but say whatever is given you in that hour; for it is not you who speak, but it is the Holy Spirit. -Mark 13:11 A Heart Conducive to Understanding Before addressing the question, it seems appropriate to address the proper spirit in which such answers should be sought. There is a very important principle in Scripture which we need to remember; I will answer from the Trinitarian perspective. Conclusion: From these passages we can conclude that "the Holy Spirit" is not the Father (though the Father "is spirit") and yet, the "Spirit of your Father" is synonymous with "the Holy Spirit." Perhaps the best explanation is that the Spirit is "of" the Father in the sense that He comes forth from the Father, without confusing the two as if they were one Person.