The relevant laws are Spanish Laws, and Human Rights Laws, not European law or the terms of the Schengen treaty. 

This is the judgement that an armed officer has to make. Are lives at risk if I don't kill this person? So if a person were to draw a knife and attempt to stab one of the guards, or if a person were to approach the gate wearing what seemed to be an explosive vest, then there is a clear threat to life and lethal force is justified. However, it is not clear that anyone's life was ever threatened by any member of the crowd. The broken leg occurred when a guard tried to kick/trip a running person and fell awkwardly. To kill any person in the crowd would be disproportionate. And so if you don't intend to use your gun, you don't draw it. 

It would be unacceptable to many in the EU and USA for weapons to be used for killing protestors in this way, and aware of this the EU and USA continue to prevent arms exports to China. 

The scale of this event, occurring outside of war, in a country with a stable government is unprecedented in modern times. There has been a continuity of Government since the killings. The Government of China has not expressed an apology, or regret for the killings. In these circumstances, it is reasonable to suppose that the Chinese government, placed in a similar situation, would act the same way. 

In general, this bans the government from searching or seizing without your consent any of your property or communications (or yourself) without a warrant showing that you've probably committed or are about to commit a specific crime and specifically describing what can be searched or seized (and this is interpreted by courts to only extend to things which could reasonably by construed to be likely to provide evidence of that specific crime.) 

Since government limitations on what data Internet companies can store on users (with the permission of the user) is inherently a limitation on what contracts private entities may enter into with each other, the U.S. has been more reluctant than Europe to create such limitations, just as it is with other limitations on private contracts (or private actions in general.) 

It's not really a matter of privacy itself being taken more seriously in Europe. It's more a matter of a differing view in the proper role of government. In the U.S., at least traditionally, the proper role of the government has been seen to be more limited than in Europe. While this is perhaps somewhat less true today than 200 years ago, it has still been true to a large degree for the entire existence of the U.S. This includes less government limitations on what contracts private parties (whether individuals, private organizations, or businesses) are allowed to enter into with each other. 

When it comes to privacy protection from the government, the situation is different. For example, even in a criminal case where all of the standards for a search warrant are met, you cannot be legally compelled to supply a password or encryption key in the U.S., while in Europe you can be so compelled. In the U.S., this is considered a violation of the 5th Amendment, which, among other things, says that you can't be forced to be a witness against yourself. (Edit: As Dan pointed out in the comments, apparently a circuit split now exists with regard to this in the U.S., so the issue will likely end up being addressed by the Supreme Court.) 

This is probably how the EU officials are really thinking (Merkel seems to be an exception, doesn't insist on speed) but it's highly disputable whether this strategy is realistic. There is a widespread opinion that the EU simply cannot continue along the same path towards ever deeper integration and ever greater arrogance of power that we observed before the referendum. 

The U.K. voters have voted to be "out" so if their voice will be respected, and that's surely what one expects in this cradle of democracy and capitalism, Britain will be out regardless of all details of the type you mentioned. 

Norway is more closely associated with the EU than Switzerland. But even in Norway, only a minority – 10 or 20 percent – of the EU laws apply. The percentage is much lower in Switzerland. The spirit of the Brexit discussion was that the Brits voted to be much closer to Switzerland than Norway when it comes to their relationship to the EU. 

The EU laws don't allow any official procedure to expel a member state from the union (they only make it possible to strip a nation of some voting rights etc.). The EU leaders are currently very impatient because a prolonged uncertainty about the status of the U.K. will energize "exit" movements in other countries. (Angela Merkel differs from the EU Commission etc., she says that there's no reason to hurry.)