Ps. I left out one important way of getting stronger and faster: ride with someone who's a bit faster, or chase someone who started a little before you. A little competition does wonders :-) 

That argument means that if you feel safer in the motor-bike helmet, then you are more likely to do more dangerous things. The road is dangerous enough as it is; don't add to your own danger. 

But if, as you say, pretend I have no budget limitation, then go for it. Follow the N+1 rule. 

The purpose of a helmet is to provide head and brain protection in the event of impact. Bicycle helmets are designed with a harder outer shell and a softer crushable liner. The outer shell protects the crushable liner from the wear and tear of regular use, and resists abrasion should your head be sliding along the bitumen pavement. Without the shell the liner would quickly wear through, exposing your head to the road. Some very cheap helmets omit the outer shell. 

By keeping track of your performance, you'll get feedback on how you're going. How it feels is not generally a good indicator of performance; I only ride by feel these days: sometimes I think wow, I destroyed that hill only to check the time and find I was way off my PB. Other times I've thought Uff, that was a struggle and found that I was minutes inside my PB. 

The last two are clearly just for variety. They have obvious dangers. 

Now assume that the better position, transmission, wheels and tires add 10 watts to your effective power input. That will probably add about .5 to .6 mph (1kph) to your speed. Check how position changes the results! 

crank size and cleat positions. These can both have an effect on knees. 

I used to take my daughter to kindergarten using the bike seat and later the trailer-bike. At the kinder I was lucky that I found a place I could leave them safely so that I could continue my commute unencumbered. 

Arrange to get a good night's sleep. Eat a normal healthy balanced meal, including a moderate amount of carbohydrates. Get your hydration level up to normal (since most people are under-hydrated). Plan or organize your day tomorrow, so that you don't spend a lot of time On the day of the race, eat your normal breakfast and lunch. Unless you usually skip breakfast, in which case make breakfast normal. 

Juggle the figures (your weight, bike weight, etc) a bit until what it says matches your results. 

If you look back at the variables listed at the top of this post, you'll see that every one of them can be changed. You can choose a different hill, with a different gradient. You can build up your strength, reduce your weight, build up endurance and aerobic capacity, choose a different pace, and choose a different gear. 

The crushable liner has been calibrated absorb the shock of impact at cyclist speeds. It absorbs the impact by deforming; the peak forces are absorbed and are not transmitted to your skull and brain. This is why helmets must be replaced after a crash.