The last thing to consider is what you actually do beleive. Where did your morality come from. Was the culmination of all of history with or without the Catholic Church? Was it riding the momentum of the Church until the split and now it is coasting on it's own? Does it progess? Does it have answers to the new attacks on religion? Does it preseve the old truths? Fr. O'Brien claims that protestants and irreligious people are actually borrowing from that which has it's roots only in Catholicism today. Basically, and arboralleally, you can't plant a sucker in the ground and expect an apple tree, you can only really graft it to another tree that has already got some roots. 

491 Through the centuries the Church has become ever more aware that Mary, "full of grace" through God,134 was redeemed from the moment of her conception. That is what the dogma of the Immaculate Conception confesses, as Pope Pius IX proclaimed in 1854: 

493 The Fathers of the Eastern tradition call the Mother of God "the All-Holy" (Panagia), and celebrate her as "free from any stain of sin, as though fashioned by the Holy Spirit and formed as a new creature". By the grace of God Mary remained free of every personal sin her whole life long. 

492 The "splendor of an entirely unique holiness" by which Mary is "enriched from the first instant of her conception" comes wholly from Christ: she is "redeemed, in a more exalted fashion, by reason of the merits of her Son". The Father blessed Mary more than any other created person "in Christ with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places" and chose her "in Christ before the foundation of the world, to be holy and blameless before him in love". 

Fr. O'Brien goes on to say that the reasons for not being convinced may stem from antagonism or prejudice taught in ones youth or some otger subjective circumstances. Not that these are good things, but they're not salvation inhibitors. Still Catholics would like to win you to 'their side' so that you can participate in the sacraments, which they find to be "sure signs of salvation". Namely, the Eucharist and Confession. 

Coda If a member of the faith community just can't accept that dogma, there are likely other things someone can't or won't accept. That can lead to a different form of self-excommunication, which results in trying to find another path. There's risk in that approach -- it is a choice that can result in point 2 becoming true even if it is not true by default. 

Samuel listened. Samuel was open to God's word. So have been people of all sorts for the past two thousand years. (The list of Christian mystics is too long to get into here ...) 

Using the source that @Birdie provided, I offer a similar but differently organized answer, and also challenge the frame of Adam and Eve's initial condition being as stated -- a state of justification or a state of grace -- on the basis of a Covenant theological approach. That approach is explained in Systematic Theology by Louis Berkhof. Just because Grace is a gift from God does not mean that receiving a gift establishes you in a state of Grace. 

The Church of England is a wide-ranging denomination, and different parts of it hold different view on the nature of baptism. Many members prefer to delay baptism of children until they are old enough to decide for themselves. Others will see baptism as purely symbolic. I would be confident in asserting that there is no universally held opinion about the salvation of infants. 

You describe yourself as "a person without knowledge other than scientific knowledge". Can I suggest that you start by acquiring some other kinds of knowledge. Read some books about Christianity, especially those looking to explain Christianity to non-Christians. These books are called 'apologetics', and any church or Christian bookshop will have plenty. 

If there is a common thread here, it is that the people described here hold to what they believes is the underlying truth about God, Jesus and Christianity and for the most part are following the Jesus they believe in. 

Catholics do not believe that attending mass and going to confession will get you to heaven, nor will doing those things with bible reading. No Christian denomination that I am aware of believes those things. Salvation comes through the saving power of Jesus Christ.