Leaving aside whether or not the President should refuse to otherwise uphold the "law of land," there is a definite precedent for him to act by Executive Order. That said, you will note that the President lost this ability in 1974. Richard Nixon was, in the minds of Congress, too aggresively using this power of the purse. Congress stripped the President of the authority to impound funds in the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. Title X in particular required the President to use allocated funds. 

It effectively is the power of the Executive to veto programs by not spending the money. One can argue that an executive always the power to choose priorities, and this would be one means of doing that. I came up with that definition in College, and have found it a very useful model ever since. I like it, because it defines politics in terms of personalities, processes, and policies - what I consider to be the essential points of understanding anything about how a society governs itself. By being knowledgable about the course of politics, you can influence the politics of the things you care about. By knowing the details, you can avoid the pitfalls and maximize your strengths. In the end, politics is about making society better. The problem is, not everyone agrees on what that means. 

The United States did not issue its own national currency until the introduction of the greenback in 1859. Prior to that, individual banks would actually issue their own notes, which could or could not be accepted as legal tender based on the preference of the recipient. 

According to the rules of the House (Rule 4, Section 1), only the following people are actually allowed to enter the hall: 

Rightly or wrongly, SCOTUS never intervened in either direction - neither requiring the President to use funds nor limiting Congress when it sought to curb the power of the Presidency. 

From 1801 (under Thomas Jefferson) until 1974 (under Richard Nixon), Presidents had the power to impound otherwise appropriated funds. This meant that Congress could authorize an agency or a law or some program, and appropriate funds to it, but then the President could refuse to actually spend the money. Forty-three states and the Mayor of the District of Columbia still hold this "fiduciary veto" over their respective constituent assemblies. 

Historically, the house has brought articles of impeachment against the President twice. 

As such, while it is an interesting idea, in practice, I don't think to could happen without a change to the rules. 

More to the point of the question, however, is that there is nothing which prohibits private entities from issuing their own currency. Indeed, all banks prior to the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 did just that. The primary impediment would be whether or not others want to accept it. Dollar Bills, on the other hand, even say that these notes are "legal tender for all debts, public and private," meaning that they are to accepted as currency, at full face value for any dollar denominated debt. That's what makes an educated person able to understand policy as an engineer - being able to identify and master the details that have a generalized ripple effect on everything. 

He would seem unable to carry out his duties, and therefore be ineligible to actually serve.