I found a quiete interesing article about that topic : 

Every Person has it's own daily phase of best concentration. For most of them it's in the morning after breakfast, for some others it's in the night when everything is dark and silent. Both periodes make sense, figure out when you have your personal best and play at this time. Anyway playing a lot of poker will help you because situations repeat and you will be faster in doing the right choices. 

Try it and find out, good luck As you said, it is easy. You want to start with the maximum BB's. Play tight in beginning to increase your stack. If you join as shortstack with around 30 bb's you can be an easy victim by someone who pushes you all in without any problems. That will not happen in the beginning phase, because everyone has the same amount of bb's.. as you said, easy. :)) if the entry fee for the SNG / tournament is LOW meaning some dollars , the gambling increases, because many people don't care enough. For example 1 $ sit 'n' go. You can join the table, go afk and take a bath. That really works, so for low money tournaments starting late can be good. The bigger the prize the earlier you should go in, maybe you miss some good hands? As far as I know, there are no such sites which compares ALL rake, since rake differs from Sit 'n' to to cashgame etc etc. One thing is that on different sites you have different skill levels of poker players which attracts or disattracts someone. If you go for bwin or something, a page where you can bet your money on running horses or whatever...poker is just a sidepart and these people aren't good in general. Here are the newbies feeling well, because they don't end up losing after some games. What I want to say about that is, that people don't always compare each sites. Pokerstars is well known for it's name and having skilled players. I guess it's always about promotion. Lowering your rake will not automtically make your site "better" or more attractive for everyone. But i guess your idea is fine and you can promote this. So you say "Lower Rake than every other site you know", that will attract people I guess. It is also worth noting that Nevada, New Jersey, and Delaware have passed laws to license and regulate intrastate online poker. This created a number of new options for players residing in those states, who had access to both regulated state sanctioned games and offshore poker site games regulated in foreign jurisdictions. Just recently, the Governor of New Jersey signed an agreement with DE and NV to combine and share player pools in all three states. 

Other good options for players in the US include Lock Poker and Black Chip Poker. Both of these sites offer play money games, AND they allow you to play in freerolls or to move to real money games if you ever decide that you would like to do so. As of October 2017, the two biggest places for US players to play are currently on sites that are part of either the Pai Wang Luo Network (such as Ignition Casino and Bovada Poker) or the Winning Poker Network (such as America's Cardroom, Black Chip Poker and True Poker). Both sets of sites get a reasonable amount of traffic. PWL Network does not offer much in the way of rewards or rakeback, but it has anonymous tables that prevent player tracking and thus the games are quite soft. WPN has a high rewards VIP program or a 27% rakeback program. Most importantly, both options still accept US players. I have deposited with them using my credit card in the past, and more recently using Bitcoin. According to The Merkle, America's Cardroom just started accepting over 60 cryptocurrencies on top of Bitcoin. $5/$10 to $10/$20 4.50% $3.00 0.1 Your particular M compared to other players in the tournament is a pretty good benchmark about how well your doing in a tournament. Of course the practicality of figuring every players M is a little tough, until the tournament is down to a few tables. 

Exactly what you should do with any particular M at any particular point in a tournament varies widely, depending on other factors such as other players M's, players left in the tournament, players tendencies Etc. M in itself, is just a simple scoring system, a sort of short hand for discussing tournament tactics. Rather then going through player A had 100, T-chips, I had 20 t-chips the blinds were 5-10, one can discuss it like I had 1.5 M, villain had about 7 M at the final table were the average was about 5 M. At higher stakes the players are better. It is natural for everybody to have smaller relative win rates. After reading Harrington, I started thinking in M's during tournament play and it did help to simplify the whole process. I urge you to pick up Harrington's books on tournament play for more about scoring your position with M and the lengthy discussions he has.