If this sort of thing is too complex to introduce, then we really should find something similar that isn't - I don't want to put additional load on our machine or human resources to deal with comments as a matter of principle - they're just not that important in the grand scheme of things. 

This remains a problem that we want to solve, but the solution I've come up with and those in comments just have too many potential pitfalls. The biggest problem is comment moderation tools aren't that great, and opening them up earlier, or lifting the rep barrier altogether just opens up the door to too much potential abuse. I don't want to put additional needless asks on people that spend a lot of time in review; indicating if a string that is often too short to be an answer is good or not good is just a waste of people's time. That would be turning /review into more of an unpaid Mechanical Turk than anything, I know this because I've spent years looking at comments left by new users that managed to earn 50 rep. We recently strengthened spam protection in the area of suggested edits. As multiple spam networks tend to target the same seemingly innocuous posts, we've started keeping track of how many spam edits any given post receives over a period of time, and now deal a severely harsh penalty to those that attempt to spam known targets. 

As for n - it would need to be quite low, as in 2 or maybe 3. Most people that would get access to this would end up being blocked until 50 rep anyway, and we need to be good with that. What this opens for is that occasional pearl that wants to engage and knows how to do so effectively. Disclaimer: I can't be absolutely sure of this, as it's not possible for me to turn 'moderator mode' off in order to see what you see. And even if I could, I'm about 2500 rep shy of being able to test it. 

With that being said, I'm not sure why review presented you with an impossible option. My understanding is that it wraps the functionality you'd normally have when viewing a post conventionally, which (I don't think) would have presented you with that option. 

As this tends to come in in floods of up to hundreds of edits at times, a bit of cleaning up is needed after the spammer has been blocked. Generally, most are blocked after only a couple of attempts have been reviewed, but what remains is everything else that got in prior to the block being enforced. 

We're going to aim to fix that, as a whole, which should solve the issue of those needing them not being able to use them altogether. 

There's of course very little sense in leaving repeated comments. If a mod leaves a comment on such an answer, it's usually to inform the user what they can do to have it restored. Nope, you're seeing them in their pure, gelatin coated state as submitted. The system doesn't remove links or images - this would just obfuscate what is spam to varying degrees and in the case of the rare false positive it would just needlessly mangle the contribution. 

Concluding - you don't actually need access to the queue in order to get involved with the process, there's plenty of opportunity for follow up activity, and perform additional checks to make sure the right stuff is getting closed. 

Still, bear in mind, there are different types of link only answers: I realize there are some cases where you might realize that an answer is incorrect, but find yourself without the ability to fix it properly. 

While that doesn't exactly provide for immediate action, it gives the author plenty of time to fix their answer, and they do eventually end up in our queue for handling. So, I'd say the work flow would be: 

If it's spam, flag or reject it as usual - no other action is needed. If you think an answer is positively wrong and not worth salvaging (for correctness), down vote and (at your option) leave a comment. I know users do odd things, but I'm sure that the vast majority of people using the site would be skeptical of using a solution that has a -12 score, even if it has a green check mark next to it. By saving something that isn't spam, you not only salvage a good contribution, you help us to better analyze and improve the system overall. Additionally, it's possible that the post was down voted, and that vote was reversed during the grace period (after the button had been presented to you, but prior to you pushing it). If you are certain that it is not spam, and possibly just an edit that was caught in the metaphorical cross fire from a user that might simply have an Internet provider in common with the spammer - then simply accept the edit if it's good, or reject it for reasons other than being spam. Anything else I fear is going to require a hard look at our comment system and the tools available to moderate them (which, quite frankly, stink). I really think we should be looking at ways to reduce the amount of work comments create. While your idea would work, I feel very awkward about the ask involved with putting them through /review. Commenting, as you have been is good for several reasons: I don't think we'll ever get a "This answer is just plain wrong, please make sure you use this as an example of what not to do." notice. That's what down votes and editing are supposed to be serving. 

Just remember, we reserve banners for answers that are of reasonably good quality, just missing key components. I agree that we're only partially solving the problem that comments were designed to solve by locking them up at 50 rep, or any level, because those who can't use them will continue to exhibit the behavior that they're designed to stop.