If you're not dying often, then one of the mods must be adding this feature in. I know skeletons and zombies have been seen with high-end equipment like nanosuits, which appears to have been a Halloween prank included in the IndustrialCraft2 mod. The IC2 config file would probably be the first place I would look for an answer. 

So, for the purpose of animal spawning, are Villagers counted towards the passive mob total? In other words, if I had nothing except 11 Villagers in an area, would no animals spawn at all there? 

Well, Creepers can blow up stone and cobblestone, both of which have blast resistances of 30. Since a spawner has a lower blast resistance of 25, it can certainly get taken out by a nearby Creeper blast. Then, when you have a whole lot of a certain block/ore to smelt, place it in the chest minecart and just hit the button. The minecart will bounce back and forth on the track, distributing its load evenly amongst the furnaces and eventually coming to rest back at the start when it is empty. This works because the detector rail and comparator will create a redstone signal whenever a non-empty cart passes over the rail, activating the right-side powered rail and sending the minecart back out. In addition, be sure to leave at least two blocks clear laterally both on the outside and the inside of the fence. Outside, because you don't want mobs to be able to jump onto (and over) the fence from a nearby block. Inside, because you don't want villagers to be able to jump onto the fence either, or the specific problem I had of my Iron Golems walking onto the fence from a one-high step one block away (I guess they take big steps). I kept having to let my Golems back in when they wandered out before I realized how they were getting out. Because minecart tracks can be laid on Soul Sand like most other block materials, this quirk can be exploited to create minecart-only gates (by placing soul sand on both sides of the doorway). This is one of the few ways to allow minecart tracks to go directly inside a secure area without risking wandering mobs getting in. Here's a snapshot of a small one I built beside my house, with a crossing point for players. Since mobs swim to the surface of standing water, they will always be able to get to the top of a sheer edge, then exit from there. They can't swim up waterfalls, though, so you can keep them down using running water. 

A long Soul Sand gate can be built along the shoreline, which will prevent mobs from crossing it. These gates can be traversed by players using minecarts on tracks placed over the Soul Sand. From the wiki: 

Lightning can only destroy flammable blocks, and rails are not flammable. 

Booster Article on the Minecraft Wiki. 

Edit: Clearly this answer is completely outdated. 

The probability of finding "at least one diamond ore" now becomes around 99.6%. However, remember that a pickaxe requires 3 diamond ore, not just 1. Your probability of getting 3 ore is much lower than your probability of getting 1 ore. You might find enough for another pickaxe almost every time, but eventually you will run out of diamonds. This can be more accurately stated as "Revealing 771 blocks below elevation 18 has a 50% chance of finding at least one diamond ore." If you're mining efficiently, you can reveal, on average, 4 blocks per block mined. So in order to reveal 771 blocks, you have to mine around 193 blocks. Now, mining 193 blocks has a 50% chance to reveal at least one diamond ore. 

So, for now, Survival Multi Player is more of a sandboxy free-building mode and less of an actual Survival experience, but as the game continues to be developed, SMP will come into its own.