The Private Life of Romans, By Harold Whetstone Johnston We know slaves were allowed within the baths, but the question is could they use the baths as customers. First of all, there doesn't seem to be any writings concerning regulations forbidding the use of the baths by slaves. We do know however that, even among Roman Citizens, access to the baths was regulated. The baths charged an entry fee. 

Livy is the source for the information concerning the petition for status within the senate, which, in 171 BC granted the status of 'Latin Colony' to the captured city of Carteia. This was the first colony with this designation outside the Italian Peninsula. It granted its citizens more rights then they had, but not the rights of full Roman citizens.As a Latin colony they received right to marry, and the right to conduct business. The Colonia Libertinorum Carteia (Freedmen's Colony of Carteia) may have been unique in its status. 

Evidence presented seems scant, but does list a few occurrences of slaves using the baths. Again these instances that we have record of, were slaves of 'higher status'. There are also some good notations concerning special circumstances such as slaves in a mining region having certain hours set for their use of the local baths, indicating this use was allowed. From pg 204: 

It appears little is known about this Carausius II : Pliny the Elder, The Natural History in BOOK XXXVI. THE NATURAL HISTORY OF STONES, has a section devoted to the common uses of gypsum as a plastering compound. He also reveals its dangers: 

Book V of the De Materia Medica itself contains the medical uses of gypsum known at that time. The (uncopyrighted) text is in German, but a google translation roughly reads: Information on these basic colony definitions can be read 

Later the poem describes how King Constantine of the Romans was converted to Christianity and speaks of Eusebius, "bishop of Rome". In ancient times horses were rarely used for long-distance travel because their horses were relatively small and their saddles were inferior, not even having stirrups. Modern saddles are actually very sophisticated items believe it or not. Roman saddles wore the horse down much faster. For this reason the cavalry actually walked most of the time. You only got on the horse for the battle or for a maneuver. Try riding a pony bareback or with just a blanket and see how far you can go. That will give you a sense for it. 

This precarious status quo held for 14 years, but when Theodosius' son Arcadius died in 408 everything collapsed. The fawning courtiers surrounding Honorius intrigued against Stilicho and had him murdered. Honorius himself was useless, a spoiled 26-year-old brat. Pagan Romans and westerners took this as a signal to overthrow the now-leaderless foederati who were Constantinople's only forces in Italy. They went around massacring foederati and their families. The remaining foederati then fled to Alaric, the Visigoth, who was a Christian and loosely aligned with Constantinople. Alaric, now with the full support of the Italian foederati (Constantinople's warriors) and the moral high ground, descended on pagan Rome and sacked it. Having suffered this defeat Hannibal left off of Nola and went north to Acerra, which resisted him. He took the city, plundered it and then burned it. He then continued north to Capua and then to Cassino, the small town which was the Roman stronghold. He besieged this town (red box) (7), but could not take it (partially because the Volturnum River was part of the defenses), and winter was approaching so he retreated back into Capua where he made preparations to spend the winter. 

During his invasion of Scotland, Agricola had to build a large number of forts, which has been great for archaeology, but not so great for the Romans, since it became very expensive to fend off the Gaels. This was the same in Wales, where a string of costly forts had to be maintained to protect against Irish-sponsored attacks. The graphic below, showing Roman and Gaelic forts, illustrates the line of control: Why didn't the same thing happen with the days of the week? The only factual info I can give is that the borrowing of the concept of numbering/naming the days of the week came much earlier; around the first century. 

* - That doesn't mean its uncontroversial. Any historical analysis that dispenses with Biblical inerrency as an analysis tool will inevitably suffer a lot of pushback. Addressing your last statement, by 50ish AD Roman and the Celtic languages were not mutually intelligible. What is almost certainly meant by a "purple toga" in Roman times is the Toga picta. I can't find any source that even references a female wearing one. However, this didn't happen everywhere. Charlemagne came up with his own month names, that survived in some places on the continent until the 15th century. Either the (likely Norman) rulers of England didn't do the same thing, or whatever they tried didn't stick. The only evidence I can find of actual practicing Buddhists is that a ruler from somewhere in Greater India sent an embassy to Rome sometime around the turn of the era (year 0ish). It did make quite an impression, due to one of its number self-immolating in Greece. Bede mentioned the month-names the Old English used for their lunisolar calendar, and they are indeed quite different. For instance, December and January were basically called "Before Yule" and "After Yule", while June and July were "before midsummer" and "after midsummer". Old English also had a name for the leap month occasionally required to realign the lunar calendar with the solar cycle.