Ekirch argues that these days we have become so used to an uninterrupted 6-8 hour sleep that we have trouble translating the concepts of "first sleep" and "second sleep" from older literature (hiding the fact that they existed), and those who wake up for a while in the middle of the night often think they have some kind of disorder. 

This follows from the point above. Since every copy is slightly different, over the generations these differences will accumulate, and can actually lead to different copies having noticeable lineages, if you have enough of them to work it out. 

So the next question, who is arguing the non-mainstream positions, and why? What I found there is that there are two groups who today argue Scythians were "proto-Turkic": Pan-Turkists and Pan-Turanists. Both of these are political movements, not scientific ones. If either has any good evidence of an ancestral relationship between those two peoples, I was unable to find it in any English-language material. 

The best oldest sources are (by virtue of being the oldest) in the worst states of repair when found. That means typically large parts tend to be missing or illegible. 

While I'm not an expert on literary analysis, I highly suspect The Epic of Gilgamesh is going to be the one we have the oldest evidence of. 

You see a similar pattern with your other two words: 

Tyrrhenian is a proposed common ancestor for the historical (now extinct) languages of Etruscan, Raetic, and Lemnan. This one is pretty well accepted. 

First off, I'm going to give you the mainstream view. 

The invention of agriculture in the Fertile Crescent was roughly 10,000 years ago, principally in the Tigris-Euphrates river valley system. The people living there when the historical record opened spoke a language unrelated to any modern language. 

Some of the tablets we have of it date back to the 22nd Century BC. At that time, the only other places we know for sure even had writing yet were Egypt, Elam, and the Indus Valley. 

When considering historicity, Abraham, Jacob, and Isaac have traditionally been considered together as the "patriarchs". There used to be some historians who seriously argued that they lived during a patriarchal age sometime around 2000BC.