One alternative is to use cable pull adapters, the most common model being "travel agent". 

Another reason your question is too broad is that each of the questions implied above has been the topic of multiple PhD research projects, from "how do I smooth the output of my accelerometer" to "how much slop is acceptable in the bearings of my headset". 

Edit NHinkle suggested in chat that if you float the bike in mercury the structural issues are greatly reduced, so a (solid) gold frame would be ridable, at least for someone willing to immerse themselves in mercury and for the brief time before the gold dissolved in the mercury. The general principle holds though, so "yes, you can make a ridable bike frame out of pure gold". The question is, what would you have to immerse the bike and rider in to balance the weak structure with the load? Water might work, but you'd probably need a denser fluid. Nearly saturated metal salts in water, for example, might work. Or simply doing the build and ride somewhere that gravity is not as strong. The moon, for example, or Ceres. 

This is a fairly lengthy history at biketrials.com, so I'm going to talk more about my experience. Early trials riding typically used BMX bikes and was modelled on motorbike trials. They used 406 wheels and caliper brakes, because that was what was available. Where I was we used leather-insert brake pads to get vicious braking at low speeds (trials typically peaked at running speed, and only that for very short distances). 

Today we're seeing people using cyclocross and even road bikes for trials, because lightweight wheels and frames are now strong enough, and the brakes good enough, for that to be possible. There's also unicycle trials riding and a few people doing crazy stuff on recumbents... crazy by recumbent standards, because even riding no-hands is hard on most recumbent bikes). The days when getting a bike under 10kg meant you had to start with a BMX are long gone. We're also seeing a wide variety of trials-type riding, from flatland to the exxtreme sportz TV spectacular stuff with people doing backflips off cliffs. 

ideally dissolve the glue that holds the tube ends into the frame and pull the two tube ends out. if not, cut/grind/scrape them out clean up the lugs insert new tube dry and make sure the frame is exactly true in the jig pre-coat the lugs with glue coat the tube ends with glue insert new tube carefully make one last check that everything is true and correct wait :) I would be tempted to use a slightly extra thick tube to get a little more strength, since you broke the last one. But that's a path that can lead you to completely rebuilding the frame.