Christian: "God is almighty and does whatever He pleases. There are things He cannot do, such as lie, so if your definition of "omnipotent" includes the capacity and ability to do anything man can think up, then He would not be "omnipotent" according to your definition." So here's the story behind this controversy: Christian theologians have studied the Bible and noticed some things about God (such as His great power), and have summarized those things using simple terms (such as omnipotence). For a Christian, the word omnipotent is simply a term used to refer to the teachings of Scripture about God's great power - nothing more, nothing less. Heathens (in their blindness and ignorance) have noticed Christians attributing "omnipotence" to God, have used a different definition of the word which is based on a misunderstanding of the Christian usage, and have then used this heathen definition to attack and accuse Christians. Modern Christians (in their laziness) often accept the heathen definitions, neglect to study the topic in Scripture, but have faith that God must be omnipotent, and then try to reconcile their view of God with the heathen definition. Heathen: "So God isn't really omnipotent?" Secondly, it is clear from Scripture that God would do anything for His people. He made salvation available to everyone, and He desires that everyone would be saved. So it would be severely inappropriate to think that God would put a stumbling block before Adam, tempting him to fail - all for the purpose of personal benefit. That doctrine is severely inconsistent with Scripture. As I mentioned, the tree provided them with an opportunity to choose. With this one tree being off-limits, they now had an awareness of "right and wrong." Make no mistake - they knew it was wrong to eat the fruit - God made that very clear. That is not to say that they "knew" (had a personal experiential understanding of) evil; just that they "knew" (had the knowledge of) right and wrong. Is it simply because His people happened to speak that language? Heathen: "So God isn't really omnipotent. In that case He can't be God." Caleb used an interesting verse (Rev. 14:10) to support his view that those who are in Hell (i.e. the lake of fire) will actually be in the presence of the Lamb for eternity. However, the verse in question does not seem to be referring to Hell (i.e. the final place of eternal torment.) For instance, Dr. Constable, renowned commentator from Dallas Theological Seminary, has this to say: