Amnesty International Australia has given opposition to travel bans on Israelis, after one of its volunteers supported bans on Israelis, in response to questions about it, on Facebook. From the Algemeiner Amnesty International Australia Apologizes for Facebook Comment Defending Muslim Discrimination Against Israeli Passport Holders but do external organisations (eg the UN, Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch) conclude that the United States stopped torturing? How widespread nowadays is sentiment in approval of WWII internment? (Anything since 9/11 probably qualifies as current-day sentiment) Also, is approval of internment more common in conservatives and older people? I tried searching for opinion polling on internment, as I know opinion polls are still held about the US's atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, but I only found information about opinion polling performed at the time internment was in place. (I was a little surprised - I didn't know opinion polling about policies existed back then) After they deleted the original comment, they defended not opposing the travel ban against Israel. From blog posts Amnesty Australia Volunteer Posts Justification For Ban On Israelis and Amnesty Australia apologizes for justifying Arab ban on Israeli travelers Senate report: CIA misled public on torture says that Obama has outlawed torture / "enhanced interrogation techniques" This Forbes article mentions Carter but no-one else, suggesting he's the only one. On Tuesday 31 January, a comment was posted on the Amnesty International Australia Facebook page regarding travel restrictions on Israeli passport-holders. The comment did not reflect Amnesty International’s position on this issue, and as such we would like to apologise for any misunderstanding this comment has caused. I haven't heard about this statement, but I have heard about controversies involving similar statements by public figures, and most likely he is being accused of promoting rape culture, by telling potential victims of rape what to do, which is interpreted as blaming the victim for being raped, rather than focusing on the actions of rapists. I have a suspicion that pro-internment sentiment may exist in what Australian politician Cory Bernardi calls The Whisper Zone, views that are held by some people that are generally not publicly expressed. “The countries that banned the passport have done so for a reason,” the comment in question read. “They are aware of the atrocities committed by the Israel Defence Force and have seen Palestinians being displaced from their homes for the illegal settlements.” With regards to the war on terror (Al Qaeda and the like), did the Obama administration stop torturing? Meanwhile, Liberty Victoria, a civil rights organisation in Victoria, Australia, has said that the ban on Israelis is different to the Trump ban: (No doubt there's some actions by the United States government unrelated to terrorism that can be described as torture, such as some state-level government mistreating people who committed civilian crimes. That's outside the scope of this question)