As you are learning new street technique like hoping a curb it is easier to start on a mountain bike (I think). It is easier to bail on mountain bike (I think). Set up some cones to weave in and out of. See how tight of a circle you can ride. Empty parking garages are a good place to practice. Ride over (and hop) the those cement blocks to stop the tire. See if you can ride the length of the barrier. See if you can bounce the front wheel off a wall turn around. Track stands are easier to learn on a slight incline. You can practice your downhill with a lot of turns. 

If you are getting dropped while drafting as a team (they are not trying to drop you) you cannot blame that on aerodynamics. The guy(s) in the front have more more drag than you even if you are sitting a little taller. If you are getting dropped you are not helping the team. Take a shorter turn when you are in front. Try and line up behind the next tallest rider. 

Back in that era cables came out the top and partially blocked access the brakes. 

As for if it will work for you? I think you just need to give it a try. Clearly studs will help. 

If you need to go faster you will often use your drops more in an endurance fit. In a performance fit, many find the drops too low to use except in moments of all out sprints or pursuits. In contrast in an endurance fit I find myself in my drops about 50% of the time while riding a constant pace. Sometimes the larger frames can feel funny at first, but I find it doesn't take long before you get used to it and I think part of this is the result of too many people are on bikes that are too small chasing a "pro" look. 

Tires wear out based on tread thickness, compound, tire width and mileage. Tires that you have to replace less often have tread and casings that are thicker and less supple, offering a rougher ride and requiring more effort to pedal. Touring tires will offer the best longevity at the cost of experience (they are noticeably slower to pedal). Larger volume supple tires (there are a few now) are a good compromise as they are fast, offer superior comfort and all else equal larger volume tires wear out less quickly than smaller volume tires. 

Short primer on pack riding. It is hard to give a definitive whether or not you will be dropped because solo riding and pack riding are very different disciplines and club rides also come in many different forms, from very competitive "A" group training rides with a drop policy (i.e., you are essentially on your own if you get tired or get a flat - very advanced groups), to others focused on sustained pace (what you likely do now) with no-drop policies. If you join a no-drop ride, then the answer should be "no, you will not be dropped." 

Ultimately all road bike positions are a compromise between comfort, power and aerodynamics. The balance between each component depends on your goals, experience, flexibility and any underlying injuries or physical dysfunctions. If you find a position that works for you, that is outside the "typical" road positioning, then you should consider it as valid as more typical positions. A good fitter should be able to accommodate unique personal characteristics. That said, you must also be careful in that non-stand positions may also lead to other unintended problems over time if you do not have a good awareness of how your body operates biomechanically. 

There are also other basics (such as saddle height) that I have assumed you have already figured out (i.e., see mattnz's answer). 

Bearing seals will slow down free spinning. In actual use the added resistance from the seals is minimal and the seals ensure the bearings remained greased and in good working order despite the weather conditions (e.g., from dry and dusty, to wet and gritty). SPD-SL are weighted so that the single sided pedal platform faces you (i.e., the rear of the pedal settles in the downward position), making engagement after a stop much easier. Without the weighting the pedal would likely present either side (cleat platform or backside) when you start pedalling making consistent and easy cleat engagement a no go. Anything that is not evenly weighted will not spin as freely as something that is balanced (e.g., unbalanced loads in a washing machine). In use the uneven weighting isn't an issue as the pedals orientation remains static in use. In short, the test you derived for old style pedals worked well for them, but hold less meaning for newer Shimano SPD-SL road pedals. 

Sleep, eating, physiology (e.g., hydration) and endocrinology (e.g., hormone imbalances). You need to have all these in order as well to maintain high average speeds. 

I personally ride a steel bike and have no problems keeping up on fast rides (i.e., 40+ kph). Whether or not you stay with the pack has a lot to do with your base fitness, your max power threshold, how you ride (i.e., positioning in the pack and length and frequency of pulls), how well you anticipate moves within the pack and the condition of your gear. If your equipment is not kept up well, doesn't fit, or is highly inefficient then it becomes a hinderance. Without knowing what you ride this question is too open ended to answer.