Hero re-raise. That puts your range above villain. You are on JJ+ if not QQ+. 

if villain was going to call the turn he was going to call the flop so nothing you could do 

Say you come in for 3 BB the you need stack sizes of 24 BB (MINIMUM). 

What double up opportunity? What worse hand is going to call? A single pair is not calling. 68 is not calling. If they had KK or QQ they would have raised pre flop. If they have a set or 2 pair you get called you could hit an Ace - 8%. You could have a paired board counterfeit 2 pair or runner runner flush to maybe 10%. 

If you don't have to pay a bb to sit then shame on them. 

I think a better plan is to check the turn. If they bet big just get away. If they check bet the river no matter what. You have just as much fold equity with 1/3 the investment. 

Pushing (and you get a call) EV = -147 + .8*(338) = $123 

I agree JJ probably would have raised but they could be AJ through J7, 77 55. Maybe 75 suited but I would not put them J5s. 

Not going to be profitable to flat AA out of position heads up pretty much ever. 

You bet out the pot on the flop and they raised more than double the pot. That is an overbet. It is just strange. It is like they want to steal the pot. A made hand or 1 pair or 68 would just call. 2 pair or trips would call or put out a small raise. If they are on one pair you are ahead so you don't want a fold. If they have 55, 77, 75 and you want to rep a set of jacks is about the only better hand you are going to fold out. You put your whole stack are risk for a very narrow range here. 

River hits JT for a straight and 8. 

Villain is getting 2.4 : 1 on his money 

There is also a straight draw - they could be on QJs, QTs, or JTs. 

On that hand you are not going to get away from top boat. You got beat by the only hand that could beat you. That is a hand that is going to play itself and stack you. 

From your perceptive if you will fold to an all in with anything less than AA then you will be exploited. 

What I would like to point out is the pair of 7's did not help your hand. Any set improved to a boat or quads. You went from holding the nuts to holding the second best hand. There was no straight draw on the board. You did not say anything about a flush draw. It was a cooler you could not get away from - I am just saying the 7 was not something to celebrate. 

Now if Mike had the AA hand KJB re-raised then maybe flat but still no. One problem with AA is that it is a blocker to a lot of the hands you could get value from. The Ax suited hands you don't have a blocker. Again you are hoping KGB is on a hand like KK QQ that you can get it in pre. 

KK would have raised pre. They could be on a pair. 

2.8 > 2.4 villain is NOT getting odds to call 

If you had bet $80-$100 on the flop you would be pot committed on the turn and need to jam to that blank. I am not putting them on made a flush and you would get a call from 77 and AK and should fold out a single spade (maybe not the queen) and a straight draw. It is only 1/5.5 that a spade hits on the river that does not give you a boat. Even a made flush you have 10 outs - 22% equity. Thing is if no spade hits you are still going to get value from 77 or AK on the river but I still think $80 flop and jam a blank turn is your best EV here. 

I agree with Dr.Drfbaglll you also need to call to not be let others see you fold easily. 

On the turn you are not quite getting correct pot odds but you are likely to get paid off on the river 26.50 : 8 OK to call here 

You are only going to hit like 1/8 so you and your opponent need 8 x your bet behind. You could get raised.