You can escape this by defining down violence to more subtle forms. For example cults can achieve very complete control of truth, and surveillance through authority, guilt, and fanaticism, as long as the enforcement is not seen as violence. Once it is, members naturally collude in resisting it. 

In an absolute logical sense, only the first two are 'real', one can be either a realist or an idealist. But the third category always gets thrown in there, and is generally the main ground of the topic of ethics, the most specifically human part of philosophy. 

So basically, they could be wrong, or you could be wrong, or there could be nothing wrong. But this is not as simple as you would like it to be, primarily because you have an interpretation of the source of emotion that most of us do not find compelling. Your own dog is one of the very few exceptions. Heavily domesticated species like dogs and horses have been bred and raised to value humans above themselves. The dog might save the human. Well-bred horses do quite uncomfortable or dangerous things to protect their riders or drivers. 

The next step up on the hierarchy of needs, the way our world is actually constituted, is a job of some sort that secures ongoing access to the lower needs. Many would say that below that level, people are not really living. They are not even subsisting, they are merely existing. 

If you don't have organized violence, given that agreement is never total and destruction is always an option you cannot take away from people, you will have disorganized violence. And it may be preferable to go that direction, but then that is not a society where violence is unnecessary, it is one where it is tolerated and shaped, so that it might be contained. So the same thinking and actions can be either one or the other, depending upon the level of consciousness and the intention. 

In a State with a less compromising history, this becomes a much more complex problem. 

I would like to avoid framings obsessed with conflict and control, since I think this is the most counterproductive aspect of most rights-talk. But any clear alternative framework would be interesting. The idea behind the ethics of care is that ethics is not an isolated factor of an independent person. People are interdependent, and truly moral actions may most logically flow from feedback and empathic cycles rather than from internal principles or decisions. So the appropriate way to increase moral behavior is to form bonds of care between individuals and for everyone to be aware of the relationships that already exist, rather than to emphasize responsibility and consistency, as is the trend to date. Someone like Gandhi, who adopts a lowly lifestyle out of compassion for others, and uses it to manipulate those with an equally false worldview into admitting they are lying to themselves, is not humble, he is fair, brave, and shrewd. Those are virtues, but those virtues are not humility. 

This also means that one should actively cultivate 'mushiness' of this sort, the recognition of interdependence and willingness to respond to the subjective sense of helping those about whom you care, so that you do not make isolated decisions that have impact on others and their actions which you might not notice or might disown by imagining you are more separate from them than you really are. 

Those principles do lead people to construct moralities, even if those moralities themselves have an ongoing evolution. If that is the case, you can't get past that 'noise' to address the underlying issue of moral realism directly. But it may all be wishful thinking. 

But there is more data. We do not want to deal with the fear that we might end up in the victim's place, so we establish authorities to keep us safe. Dispelling that fear increases the efficiency of the whole system enough that it offsets the expenditures. The return on investment is so great that most of economic history has been a succession of protection rackets. Insurance has a huge profit margin.