Usually if the love interest is uninteresting, it's because the author isn't very interested in him or her as a character. There's any number of (often quite successful) books and movies where the love interest is basically a symbol, or a object, or plays a functional role in the story but doesn't have any inner life of his or her own. On the other hand, if the characters are presented as contrasting moral opposites because they are intended to illustrate some larger philosophical idea, we call this an allegory. A famous example is John Bunyon's Pilgrim's Progress, where nearly every character personifies some virtue or sin. 

I'm not sure there's a shortcut to writing characters that will read as authentic to someone of that culture other than to actually take the time to get to know someone of that culture AND to try to see the world from his or her viewpoint. The key problem is that many people --writers included --are heavily (although usually not consciously) invested in NOT seeing the world from the minority viewpoint. 

First, 90K is a very respectable word length for a novel, so make sure you're not just trying to meet an artificial goal when your book is already complete. Personally, I much prefer books lean, and with no extra fat on them. Chabon said that (in addition to having grown up in an well-integrated community) the biggest prep work he did for writing the black characters in Telegraph Avenue was to read a lot of work by black authors, and to imitate the way they approached their black characters (in preference to the way white authors typically approach black characters). 

Let's say that your character is a key figure in bringing an end to this disastrous war. Let's see her on the brink of signing the peace treaty --what's the real conflict here, what's true to her character? Maybe you can convert the weakness of the vengeance plot into a strength. Maybe her plan all along was to sabotage the peace, out of a misguided sense of family loyalty. She's told herself that everything she's done was just to maneuver herself into this position, but now that she's here, she realizes she doesn't really want to go through with it. She doesn't really want the war to go on, she just feels like she should. The point here isn't the specifics, it's that you have to seek conflicts that are inherent to your story, not ones that are tacked on. 

What we relate to is generally not the facts of the character. It's more that we say this character wants something, and I want something; this character makes mistakes, and I make mistakes; this character learns things, and I learn things. It's quite true that superficial similarities can help catch a reader's attention, and make them more initially likely to emphasize with a character, but all that does is open that initial door, it doesn't do the real work. When we find characters relatable, we generally either aspire to be like them (in their best moments) or fear we are like them (in their worst moments) or both. Therefore characters who are either too perfect for us to think we could be like them, or too flawed for us to fear we are like them, are not relatable; but someone who walks the line between those two extremes is. The paradox of relatability is that the more specific, individual, idiosyncratic characters are quite often the most relatable; while characters that are created to be universal are often the least relatable. 

EDIT: Based on your comments to your original post, I would note that Star Wars is basically a fairy tale, populated with archetypal characters. This style is sometimes called mythopoeic (sometimes rendered as "mythopoetic"). As far as Indiana Jones, I'm not sure it matches the request --the bad characters may be extremely villainous, but the good characters aren't exactly saintly... With that said, being forced to adapt to majority-white cultural setting is a typical experience for most American and European black people. I think if you took the time to try to really understand the experience of even your seemingly assimilated black friends, you would find that their world and experience is very different from yours, even though you might expect it to be the same. For instance, you both might be at the same party, but if he is the only black person there, it is a different party for him than for you.