I think you are essentially headed in the right direction on a parallel track to the one you are intending in your discussions with him about "good boys" and "bad boys." Instead, I wonder if you might use more of an approach where you speak about your feelings - especially in regard to trust. "When I get pinched, and it hurts it is hard to trust that person won't hurt me that way again. If the person who did the pinching says, 'sorry' it is like saying, 'I'm sorry I did that, I won't do it again.' If you say 'sorry' and don't do it again, it is easier for me to trust you and want to hang out." 

I've asked her for ideas she felt would help her remember (she didn't offer up anything other than, "I just need to remember, Mommy - I'll try harder." 

There are likely to be tears, "I know its really a bummer - we will miss you so much. This must be so sad for you, but you've shown me I just can't take you." Then, walk out the door. You've expressed empathy, but don't lecture, don't discuss, just leave. 

Then, you might try explaining what he saw. You can talk about sex with a child of any age and explain it is how babies are made, that it is something adults who love each-other very much do, but that you have to be ready for it and no who is four is ready for it. Or, if that is too uncomfortable for now, you can explain it with something along the lines of calling what he saw a "special hug" between two people who really love each-other. It is important to include that this hug is shared in private and that it is for people who love each-other in a way that is different from how a nephew loves his uncle or a mother loves her son. It is a type of hug that can only be given between two people who BOTH agree they want the hug (your brother, of course, doesn't want the hug). You might also put an age on it to indicate that it is a hug for adults so he doesn't start asking preschool mates to join him in a "special hug". 

When somebody uses bugs and wishes, the options for response are: 

"I know you would prefer mommy to read tonight, and it is daddy's turn and/or mommy is busy" (is there a specific schedule/routine to this?) 

All that being said, make sure your house is baby/toddler-proofed as much as possible to prevent as much as possible. 

And, expressing violence towards a stuffed animal or pillow, is actually an appropriate means to vent frustration. 

So, if he is hitting people out of anger/frustration, you need to teach him how to communicate this emotion without hitting. I recommend "Bugs & Wishes": 

Thus, their room will be seen as a calming, personal and reflective space. I have created this "cool down couch" in my AfterSchool program of traumatized refugee kids with little self-regulatory skills and it worked wonders! These kids were not lacking in the punishment department, nobody had tried just connecting with them and teaching the missing skills! Same with my inner city middle school kids with huge gang influences. It's a wonder what some improved self-awareness can do for a kid!