Had it been setting in a murky pool, then Dhul-Qarnayn should have seen it rise out of the murky pool; rather, he sees it rising on people who were not shielded from it, on the other side of the planet as the verses say he had traveled across: 

Stoning married adulterers is a revelation from Allah ﷻ. This is why the Prophet ﷺ and his companions did so. The verses you quoted on flogging refer to unmarried adulterers. 

... and his verse "as a mercy from your Lord. And I did it not of my own accord" is referring to the three incidents ... 

— IslamWeb, Compilation of the Qur'an by Abu Bakr (Arabic only) 

Ibn-Kathir said that in all three stories mentioned, Al-Khidr did not do any of the actions on his own accord, but it was a revelation or order from Allah, and that in all three stories, the actions were merciful. 

The Prophet ﷺ defined the upper limit of orphanhood by becoming an adult (i.e., reaching puberty according to the majority of scholars): 

— Sahih Muslim » Legal Punishments » Hadith 1690 a 

Narrated Abu-Huraira: Gabriel used to repeat the recitation of the Qur'an with the Prophet (ﷺ) once a year, but he repeated it twice with him in the year he died. The Prophet (ﷺ) used to stay in I'tikaf for ten days every year (in the month of Ramadan), but in the year of his death, he stayed in I`tikaf for twenty days. 

The two hadiths were quoted in some of the major classical tafsīrs of the Qur'an (e.g., Tafsir al-Baghawi and Tafsir al-Kabir, among others). However, all such quotes provided no associated narration chains (e.g., Tafsir al-Kabir, in Arabic only). Therefore, we have no means of authenticating the content of these two specific hadiths. 

In the history of the compilation and documentation of the Qur'an: 

There is a historical background that predates Islam for the 2:178 verse. 

Wherever you may be, death will overtake you, even if you should be within towers of lofty construction. But if good comes to them, they say, "This is from Allah "; and if evil befalls them, they say, "This is from you." Say, "All [things] are from Allah ." So what is [the matter] with those people that they can hardly understand any statement? 

This topic has been covered in several tafsir and commentary, but I will quote from the following two sources: 

The Prophet ﷺ did the same with his companions, some times even with the companions specifically named by Gabriel as in the case of Ubayy ibn Ka'b: 

Having said that, there are several views. The most prevalent view is that the city was Antioch (in modern-day Turkey), which was ruled by a king called Antiochus. The three messengers were Sādiq, Sadūq, and Shalōm. This is what Ibn Kathir considered the most likely view based on narrations attributed to Ibn 'Abbas, Ka'b al-Ahbār, and Wahb ibn Munabbih. 

As for the "complete and perfect now" part of the question, Surat Al-Ma'idah 5:3 says exactly so: "This day I have perfected for you your religion and completed My favor upon you and have approved for you Islam as religion." This verse was revealed on the day of the Farewell Sermon given by the Prophet ﷺ on the 9th of Dhu al-Hijjah, 10 AH: 

But the verse right after (Qur'an 4:79) explains that evil is a result of our actions: 

In this hadith, the Prophet ﷺ told us that the time will come when people question hadith and want to refer only to the Qur'an. Then he explained that he was given two sources: the Qur'an and his sunnah. The Prophet ﷺ declared as halal or haram based on revelations. The Qur'an is referred to in verses as the book (al-kitab), and the sunnah is referred to as the wisdom (al-hikma), according to the majority of tafsirs. These two were mentioned in Al-Baqarah 2:129 as Ibrahim ﷺ supplicated to Allah to send from amongst them a messenger that will recite Allah's verses and teach them the book and wisdom. This was also mentioned in Al-Baqarah 2:151, and in Al-Jumu'ah 62:2 among other verses. Not only that, but Allah ﷻ emphasizes that these two sources were His revelations: 

The generally-accepted view is that one can only touch a mus'haf (manuscript of the Qur'an) with ablution (free from minor and major impurities). When it comes to touching a smartphone when the mus'haf is on display, it is a matter of ijtihād where scholars differ in opinion. It is unlikely that there will be a definite answer on this topic.