Ideally you'll add vertical loads to or very near the axles. If you're lucky the dropouts will be cut rather than cast, and will take welding well. In that case you can just leave enough space to do up the wheelnuts and weld directly to the dropout. Making a rack out of whatever you have, as one piece, is usually fairly easy. Making it light and strong is the hard part/ So give up on light :) Panniers and load platforms can often mount to existing attachment points. The hassle is that welding to the seat tube has to be done very carefully, and if you can back purge with TIG that's even better. If you even roughen the inside surface of the seat tube it can make getting the seatpost in difficult to impossible. Filing that smooth requires a half-round file hand patience (or a rotary tool with a filing bit plus skill and luck). You're trying to file 0.1mm off a tube that's 0.9mm thick at most. There are ant+ cadence sensors too - often a little box that straps onto a chainstay, and a small magnet on the end of a crankarm that passes near the sensor. If you want to see your phone while riding that gets messier. Personally I keep my phone in my pocket with the screen off. 1) Pulling on the shifter has bent the derailleur - very unlikely unless you're a gorilla or the derailleur was already bent/weak 

I'm going to assume you have been riding a 16" or 20" folding bike that looks like this Dahon: Windows phones are lacking in this area - a good answer is Windows Phone as a Bike Computer - What is the current State of the Art? Assuming you have an android-based or ios-based phone that works and has a decent battery life then you're pretty much set. Both will run the Strava application, which looks something like this: Firstly, it depends on your idea of "old" For some users thats any phone over five minutes is old, and for others old means a flip phone from the 90s. Here's the big one.... You spend under a minute riding this MTB. It could take anything up to 30 minutes to get "dialed in" to the various inputs required. Otherwise you'll need a handlebar mount, or a top tube bag, or both. Its a good idea to bring a USB battery pack and cable for your phone, because a phone that runs for a day of normal use might only get 2-4 hours of riding time before its flat. 

Hang the bike up on a repair stand, or use rope/cable/something to lift the back wheel clear of the ground. Use your hand to slowly pedal and pull the exposed gear inner wire with your other hand while pedalling. The gears should change like normal, through the full range. If this works, then the inner wire is too long and needs some slack pulled through the adjustment bolt on the derailleur. First off, when riding over rough terrain you should be hovering above your saddle, not sitting on the saddle. This holds whether riding a hard tail (no rear suspension) or riding a full suspension bike. If you are sitting you have less ability to move your weight around, and therefore less control of the bike. When sitting it is easy for a large bump to throw you off balance making you crash or swerve into a crash. 

There are lots of tutorials available on the internet, here is one from Adventure Cyclist If you are riding uphill or on the flats try to keep steady power on the pedals as you have less traction to work with. Some find a faster or slower pedal cadence easier - try both and take your pick. Also make sure to conserve momentum, if you slow down to much you won't be going anywhere. Finally, don't get discouraged, riding on sand is a learned skill and always work to In the two pictures you included, the first aero position one will have the lowest frontal area (aka fastest) as your arms are tucked in, but this will make the bike less stable and is likely not a good choice for rougher terrain. The second position you show sacrifices some frontal area for stability. Both have a reduced trunk angle, so both will work on your ability to recruit pedalling muscles while in a closed trunk position. 

I suspect the market for basic, obvious MTeB's is more couples and families, allowing them to go out for a ride together that's more interesting than just easy laps around a well-formed trail in a park. Panniers and load platforms can often mount to existing attachment points. The hassle is that welding to the seat tube has to be done very carefully, and if you can back purge with TIG that's even better. If you even roughen the inside surface of the seat tube it can make getting the seatpost in difficult to impossible. Filing that smooth requires a half-round file hand patience (or a rotary tool with a filing bit plus skill and luck). You're trying to file 0.1mm off a tube that's 0.9mm thick at most. 

Ideally you'll add vertical loads to or very near the axles. If you're lucky the dropouts will be cut rather than cast, and will take welding well. In that case you can just leave enough space to do up the wheelnuts and weld directly to the dropout. Making a rack out of whatever you have, as one piece, is usually fairly easy. Making it light and strong is the hard part/ So give up on light :)