Finally, some schools or even conferences have reputations for certain types of players. The Big 10, and particularly Wisconsin, OSU, and (until recently) Michigan, had a reputation for developing offensive linemen; a high proportion of NFL linemen, both stars and solid but mostly unknown starters, came from the big 10 (or at least, did; some of this reputation may be less deserved now than it was). 

1922--Players withdrawn during the first half may not return until the second half. Players withdrawn during the second half may not return to the game. 

I would note that in both of these cases, I mean 'reputation' as in it is thought that these teams/coaches are skilled; Spurrier is a great example of where that reputation was misguided, as none of his QBs really panned out (Rex Grossman is probably the best of the lot in terms of NFL career, and, well, I'm a Bears fan, so you probably know how I feel about that.) 

1948--Unlimited substitution on change of team posession. 

An accepted penalty results in a score. 

NFL team scouts only can go to limited numbers of games, and while they can undoubtedly watch many more on taped broadcasts, there's something different about going to a game; even relatively un-heralded players can be seen performing well in a game. This means teams like USC, Notre Dame, etc., give players more of a chance to get on TV and be discovered by scouts, leading to them getting better players than they otherwise would. This may not correlate to NFL success, but it tends to correlate with numbers. 

I'm not sure where you get the idea that American football has meaningful links to association football (American soccer). It shares a name, sure, but otherwise it is much closer to Rugby (Union/League) Football - both in its rules and in its historical roots. 

In the first era (what you're talking about, basically) of the one platoon system, there weren't really rules about substitutions, but there was a major limitation: the size of the team. You didn't have 80 player teams back then. In the 1940s, a few teams (notably, Army) started the two platoon system (what we have now); but even before that, some used substitutions (for example, Knute Rockne). So during your dad's day, it was a combination of financial reasons, athletic talent, and simply the fact that it wasn't done. (Remember, this was still somewhat of a "gentleman's game" at the time, primarily a college game, and so things like "honor" were very relevant to the coaches and players.) 

Mike Pereira (a former NFL VP of officiating) notes on twitter, for example: 

But in American football, what else are you going to call a hat trick other than passing touchdowns? Receiving touchdowns, rushing touchdowns, picks, sacks, made FGs... the number of things that it could be attached to is too large, likely, for it to have been attached to just one thing. The sports that it has become commonplace in are primarily sports with one major action - goal scoring - that is fairly infrequent. Cricket is to some extent the exception - and that's because it is the origin of the term, likely.