Aristotle's inquiry into the nature of perception and dreams also suggests mental properties which are distinct from the material. In the following, he recognizes a common denominator between the imaginative faculty (φανταστικόν) and the perceptive faculty (αἰσθητικόν). This is something that many materialists try to deny because an identity between dreams and perceptions suggests that the phenomenal properties that are often assumed to belong to the material world are actually properties of the world within: The following might be helpful. It was made in response to the comment of James which you cited: This argument is actually fallacious, because nobody is arguing that all discrete substances are unsuited for all purposes. Therefore, Putnam has to overgeneralize it to reach the conclusion he wants, i.e. he has to make a fallacious induction from a particular to a universal. Even so, the question that he brings to our attention is worth considering. He emphasizes that the discontinuity of a system is irrelevant if it approximates continuty. We might formalize that as follows: Although Aristotle held that the soul must usually remain united with the body, he also spoke of the separation from it, in which case, the soul is impassible yet immortal: "Kant held to [the soul] while denying its fruitfulness as a premise for deducing consequences verifiable here below." (The Principles of Psychology, p. 211) The citation provided provides such a reasoned position: thinking requires some correlation between data and meaning. That, in turn, requires some means of perception. If we accept a wider definition, there is no reason we shouldn't say that any information bearing form of matter, i.e. anything downstream in a causal chain. (such as a crystal or a gene) "thinks". However, that's counterintuitive and stretches the word beyond any normal usage. Yes, it seems that Crick and Koch might be numbered among those who bothered to think about it Now, to refute this claim, all that is necessary is a counter example. The first thing that came to mind was a childhood memory of my mother checking a string of Christmas lights for a burnt-out bulb. When one burns out, they're all out. The discontinuity of the string approximates the continuity of a string with all good bulbs. Furthermore, the two string exhibit distinct functional properties; namely, one lights up and the other doesn't: Rpbc & ~Rpbd (p = plugged in; b = blinking; c = continuous string; d = discontinuous). From that, it's straightforward to prove that there are some systems whose discontinuity approximates a continuous system, and yet they are not functionally isomorphic: In a paper published by Francis Crick and Christof Koch, this point is made clear: In addition to that, the distinction between discrete systems and continuous systems may also hold the key as to why computers are void of any semantical content. When you think about it, content for a computer amounts to nothing more than scalar values, and, even then, it's only scalar values that don't exceed the value of 1. Every bit in a computer is epistemically isolated from the rest of the system because they operate according to a causal chain of events. It's a one-way flow of communication in which each bit of information is disconnected from whatever preceded it. Computers simply lack the physical conditions to provide the sort of unity that is characteristic of mental life. ∀x[∀y[Fxy ↔ ∀t[∀v[Rtvx ↔ Rtvy]]]] ∀x[∀y[(Cx & Dyx) → Fxy]] That essentially amounts to saying that if a discontinuous system approaches the continuity of a corresponding system, they are functionally isomorphic; and being as such, all their functional relations should be functionally sound. Philip Klöcking suggested that this question might be addressed according to the fact that Descartes rejected the idea that God is a deceiver: In defense of Putnam against a charge of contradicting himself, it might be said that he was trying to avoid doing so when he made a distinction between psychological states and Turing states according to the following characteristics: Even so, I believe that the problems which are the cause of his doubts go beyond merely our approach to functionalism. That is to say that no new approach to functionalism can adequately address the problems that are evident in his arguments. To begin with, it might be helpful to recall Putnam's definition of functional isomorphism: