You'll also notice that all motorbikes have significant amounts of suspension. Fat tyres and suspension both absorb energy from vertical motion. This can be a good thing, for example if you ride over a pothole, or a bad thing, if the vertical motion is from pedalling hard. Motorbikes aren't propelled by pedalling so don't have to worry about this. They also go much faster so the consequences of hitting a pothole are more severe, or would be without something to absorb the hit. Motorbike tyres are likely to have higher rolling resistance. With the rims to support them they also have much higher weight and rotational inertia, meaning bigger brakes -- but you need those anyway given the speed. The rolling resistance is significant in terms of human power output, but given that even a 125cc motorbike can put out 11kW continuously and a pro cyclist more like 500W it's not significant in motorbike power terms. This higher power (and higher braking force) has to be coupled to the road somehow, and that's through the contact patch. Typical bike tyres wouldn't last long until even modest motorbike acceleration, or give enough grip for hard acceleration/braking. 

You're right to want to fix it -- metal rubbing on tyres isn't a good thing. 

While these racks aren't ideal (including for security as you can't lock the frame to anything with a solid lock) they're often all that's avaliable. The same width slot is often used in double stacker racks where it's not the only support for the bike and the risk of damaging anything is much less. 

Some care is needed in designing the layout of bollards and similar to ensure that recumbents and especially trikes can pass, but a straight stretch of path makes this easier. If you replace the tyre with a tough (kevlar belted) touring tyre this is likely to deal with debris punctures. These are more likely if the tyre is quite compressed as it rolls because of the flatter contact patch. In addition a touring tyre will be able to run at a higher maximum pressure than a similarly-sized city / general-purpose tyre as was probably supplied, reducing the likelihood of pinch flats. So I suggest a marathon plus tyre on the back - probably around a 35mm or equivalent. I'd put one on the front at the same time. I suggest that blocking cars isn't the hard part. Blocking motorbikes is the hard part and not one I've seen a good solution to, as off-road motorbikes aren't much bigger than bikes (narrower than trikes) and can be lifted over a step-over gate.