The U.S. also has direct military involvement in Afghanistan in which their Taliban opponents who are actively trying to kill U.S. soldiers and U.S. allies and to wrest political control from a U.S. installed civilian government in Afghanistan. These efforts are actively supported by groups in Pakistan's tribal area to which the Taliban fled when it was defeated by a U.S. led coalition in Afghanistan. Dead soldiers are a higher priority than minor diplomatic gains by a country that is neither a true friend nor a true foe (i.e. China). 

In Pakistan, Chinese interests (mostly in developing economic power as part of a larger "go global" policy) are not necessarily strongly at odds with U.S. interests. Both the U.S. and China are countries who are disposed to be concerned about Islamic militants and want both Afghanistan (where China (also here) and the U.S. both have some developing business interests) and Pakistan (where the same is true) to have peaceful, effective government. Moreover, the cultural and political differences between China and Pakistan are so great, that China will never be the kind of extremely tight ally that Vietnam is, for example, which is much more culturally and politically similar and economically (and geographically) tied to China, might be. Thus, the risk of Pakistan "falling into the Chinese sphere" is overstated. (The issue of Pakistan falling into the Russian sphere is trickier but also sufficiently tangential to the rest of the question that this issue is not easily integrated into the same answer.) 

Add to that somewhat schoolyard-ish name calling at the UN by President Trump, and one can see why North Korea feels that the USA does not acknowledge them as a nation-state. 

Wall Street Journal (1/10/17): FBI's Comey Says Republican Data Also Hacked by Russians 

Financial Assets and Conflict of Interest Regulation in the Executive Branch Congressional Research Service 

Now, that may seem like a tangent, but what I'm setting the stage for is this - the tobacco industry, then, and the fossil fuel industry now, have been able to delay and minimize actions against their interests, largely by muddying the waters and creating a faux debate where none actually exists. Now, would they have been able to do so effectively if it was just "Marlboro refutes the medical science" or "British Petroleum denies global warming"? Or were they able to do so because "Concerned Scientists Against Liberal Overreach" (hypothetical front organization name, do not Google for it) trot out a lot of phony arguments that don't hold water, but are a step removed from the obvious bias and self-interest in making the phony claims? 

Flynn was the biggest problem. He was receiving money from different foreign entities, and he lied about doing so. He then lied during the vetting process to be Trump's appointee, and, seemingly, lied to VP Pence when stories started circulating about it. Trump was warned by acting AG Sally Yates that Flynn, especially, was compromised, but Trump pushed ahead and waved it off. They did nothing until information was leaked about it, publicity was growing and the facts couldn't be denied. Then they dumped Flynn, claiming they lost trust in him, but the only thing that had really changed was that the press was reporting on it. The Trump administration's main concern was the fact that the information was getting to the press, not the conflicts within their team or gaps in their internal vetting process. 

What's funny is now, with the climate change "debate," you see not only the same techniques and the identical arguments about the science on this subject, but you see many of the same so-called "scientists" that were used to make the same claims during the "debate" about health science and smoking. 

Washington Post: Flynn probably broke the law by failing to disclose foreign payments 

This is similar to China being recognized as THE China, and Taiwan being recognized as, well, something different. Mainland China always gets very upset when officials from Taiwan are met or dealt with, because they consider that nation to be illegitimate, in their official stance. 

Ordinarily the person who drafts a document like that would either be trained as an attorney, or would be a seasoned bureaucrat knowledgable in the stylistic and technical elements that must be included in one. 

So, any determination of who really drafted an executive order has to be based upon surmise from drafting style, from the roster of aides in a position to be given the assignment, and from any available inside sources who have first hand (or second hand or more remote) knowledge of how the executive order actually came to be. 

It is basically an epistomological position that recognizes that it is difficult or impossible to determine the truth of many political statements that often involve long chains of inference from objectively determinable facts that can have different answers when considered using different data. 

In Pakistan, Chinese interests (mostly in developing economic power as part of a larger "go global" policy) are not necessarily strongly at odds with U.S. interests. Both the U.S. and China are countries who are disposed to be concerned about Islamic militants and want both Afghanistan (where China (also here) and the U.S. both have some developing business interests) and Pakistan (where the same is true) to have peaceful, effective government. Moreover, the cultural and political differences between China and Pakistan are so great, that China will never be the kind of extremely tight ally that Vietnam is, for example, which is much more culturally and politically similar and economically (and geographically) tied to China, might be. Thus, the risk of Pakistan "falling into the Chinese sphere" is overstated. (The issue of Pakistan falling into the Russian sphere is trickier but also sufficiently tangential to the rest of the question that this issue is not easily integrated into the same answer.) 

The far bigger problem isn't deportations but jobs. People who were legally employable under DACA will lose their jobs when their work authorizations expire. Or their employment would be illegal. That starts happening involuntarily March 6th, 2018 without additional changes. But people in the program could be deported earlier than that. 

He also said similar things on The O’Reilly Factor, February 12, 2016. 

Of course, Trump has no ability to tell any other country what to do. So every other country is welcome to continue following it even if the US does not. Whether or not they count any additional criteria as being met would also be up to interpretations outside the US. 

They have already stopped taking new applications and renewals. So people who never registered for the program can be deported as of September 6th, 2017. However, as I said earlier, the Trump administration already could (and had) deported people covered by DACA. This just removes that particular appeal as something that the administration could allow. 

Donald Trump's administration has not been bound by the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program. The first deportation already occurred in April. There is nothing keeping DACA people from being deported. That's the whole problem with doing the program as an executive action. It only lasts as long as it has presidential support.