Refresh the page afterwards to see the effect. This actually copies the comments, so you'll probably want to remove most of them. I'm posting this here because I don't want to have to search for it again. This is currently possible by typing the following line in your browser's Javascript console (replace 12345 by the post ID). Determine whether the flag is warranted. Ok. From a moderator's perspective there isn't that much difference between “rude and offensive” and that — in both cases, a moderator needs to evaluate the context, delete the comment if the flag is warranted and possibly take further action (e.g. mod message). But from flaggers' perspective it's nice to have the “be nice” remember in there. Arguably “rude or offensive” should be merged with “not constructive”, but there are comments that don't reach the threshold of violating the “be nice” rule, but are nonetheless “not constructive” because they're provocative or otherwise driving towards conflict, typically a sign of escalation in a comment thread. Moderators do need to be aware of such cases, ideally before they reach the “rude or offensive” threshold, so the flagging dialog should make it clear that flagging such situations is encouraged. (Note: this paragraph is written with my understanding of “not constructive” in mind. The phrase “not constructive” is so vague and non-consensual that it loses a lot of efficacy, which is one reason why it might be a good idea to remove this middle ground. It's useful, but only if people agree what it means, which is not always the case.) What you're showing here is something that could be the beginning of a dispute. You've come to realize that you came out as more aggressive than intended and want to back out. This is exactly the right reaction: the best way to diffuse this situation is to move away with a minimum of fuss. Don't draw this out with an extended comment discussion or flagging. Just move along. It's best for everyone. Do not merge “obsolete” with “too chatty”. I'm not convinced that this is really on the critical path, but ok. By all means, do add guidance to the dialog. Conflating obsolete and too-chatty also makes future evolution harder. The best person to determine whether a comment is obsolete is its author; I hope that one day comment authors will get a chance to review obsolete flags on their comments. This does not hold for too-chatty flags, because many commenters believe that their comments are oh so important and totally not off-topic and they won't stand for the censorship of moving comments to chat. Speaking as a moderator: oh please no! I would prefer to keep the 4 existing comment flags: An obsolete comment is a completely different problem from a comment that is too chatty. As a moderator who feels that I'm spending too much time on comment flags, I really, really dislike that you're proposing that I spend even more time by puzzling out reason for the flag instead of having it in the flag text. Please do not make moderator's life harder. Moderators reviewing comment flags need to determine what action to take. This involves two steps: Don't bother. I assure you that if I see “You're feeling very negative today, it seems.” as a flagged comment, I'm going to delete it without second thoughts. If I do feel the need to investigate, I'll look at the deleted comments. If you really think you need to provide more information to the moderator, flag Donal's comment with a custom message like “reply to my earlier poorly thought out and retracted comment”. But really, flagging as obsolete would suffice. No! This goes in the wrong direction altogether.