Catholics do not believe in justification in this sense. To them justification is a lifelong process but when one is first justified, it is just the first moment of sanctification. In other words in Protestant terms there is no justification, only sanctification and if you finally die in a justified state, your are just and will enter heaven. However, as mentioned, the word justification can be used as the first moment of sanctification, whereby through external baptism into the church the sinful nature is weakened to such a degree that holiness is first implanted into the soul. It is the point where original sin is removed however there is no perfection granted to a sinner prior to actual holiness, rather the actual holiness infused into the soul is the thing that justifies you, i.e your sanctification or holiness and works. In other words, in Protestant terms you are saved by your own holiness, or works of the law, but these come from something Catholics also call grace. Therefore under a Catholic view you still say in a different sense that you are 'only saved by grace' and 'faith'. Protestants will understand that Catholic 'grace' is a confusing terms for what Protestants call works. 

What is the Catholic interpretation of the phrase "until an opportune time"? We do not find explicit reference to Jesus getting tempted by the devil after the temptations in the wilderness. Is it that the devil was looking for opportunities, but did not find any? Or, is it that Jesus was frequently tempted to desert His mission all throughout His public life and on the cross? What are the Catholic teachings on such possibilities? 

John the Evangelist occasionally refers to himself as 'the disciple whom Jesus loved' (Jn 12:23; 19:26; 21:7; 21:20). (Interestingly, no other evangelist makes such a reference.) Is it possible that Jesus had a special consideration for John because of that status? What is the Catholic view of it? 

Isaiah 42:3 has this prophecy: 

among other instances from the scriptures. 

There are a few instances in the Gospels where the words originally spoken by Jesus are transliterated . For instance, we see at Mark 5:41 ;" He took her by the hand and said to her, “Talitha koum!” (which means “Little girl, I say to you, get up!”). We also see at Mark 15:34: " At three o’clock Jesus cried out with a loud voice, “Eloi, Eloi, lema sabachthani?” which means, “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?” 

At Matthew 6: 9 , before teaching the Lord's Prayer Jesus says: “This, then, is how you should pray..." . He did not say : " This is WHAT you should pray ..." . Theoretically at least, `Our Father..' was NOT intended to be the ultimate prayer , but was taught as a model prayer. Th Holy Eucharist goes much beyond, by offering the Body and Blood of the Saviour as spiritual food and drink that redeems the faithful. 

Clearly, St John Paul II would not have been the first to think of the idea that public life of Jesus had not been adequately represented in the traditional Rosary. I remember to have heard it from a humble Carmelite priest of Kerala, Southern India in 1983, with the exception that the priest had proposed inclusion of the resurrection of Lazarus as one of the mysteries. The fact is that St John Paul II , being the Pope, was in a position to put into practice what he believed, or had been influenced into believing by the loud thoughts of someone else, as a fitting addition to the traditional Rosary. 

Entrance into a state of salvation While evangelicals generally believe a person is born again, or made alive, by faith in Christ, Catholics understand a person to enter into a similar state of salvation by Baptism into the Roman Catholic church 

This has always seemed strange to me that the Pope would not want to distance himself with emperor worship as much as possible. If pointifex maximus was a term used by the government of Rome in its emperor worship, wouldn’t the Pope’s PR men advise using a different title? Or am I not correct in the initial assumption? 

When applying the concept of essence and substance to the Incarnation, Christ’s person is the Unity or Essence and his two natures (divine and human) are substances of his person. Just as we could say ‘the nature of essence of God subsists in three persons’, so we could say: 

Furthermore, at the time of Luther, the superstition surrounding relics seems to have really been highly imaginative that only an unspiritual mind could ever conjure: 

Going beyond this, it is relatively clear, simply from some Google searches that seven is a very common age, even if it's not a dictated age, set in stone. E-How.com has a gift guide specific to giving a seven year old boy a meaningful First communion gift, 

It reminds me of what a wise Jedi once said to a young one who had just discovered that some of the things he thought were true weren't necessarily as he thought "You will find that a lot of the truths we cling to depend greatly on your own point of view." Yes, I know Star Wars isn't Christianity, but the saying is applicable regardless. 

The closest answer I could find was this article from holyfirstcommunion.com . 

From that description, it doesn't sound much different in concept than similar Protestant "revival" events that are designed to educate, enlighten, encourage, and enlist youth to grow closer to God, to make commitments, and to encourage a lifetime of service to God and the Faith.