There are some functions in the U.S. Constitution that involve state legislatures. States handle elections for federal offices in their states, including redistricting. Before the 17th Amendment, they appointed U.S. Senators. They have a role in proposing and in ratifying amendments to the United States Constitution, and in calling for constitutional conventions to propose amendments to the United States constitution. They have a role in changing state boundaries or splitting up states. And, they can propose interstate compacts to Congress. 

For example, many forms of executive deliberation on policy issues, almost all attorney-client communications, private banking information, private tax returns, many matters related to personnel, and many diplomatic communications are not subject to public disclosure, even if they are not classified documents (a status usually reserved for national security information) and even if they are classified and subsequently declassified. 

In the United States, alcohol is regulated by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives within the Department of of Justice (historically, it was part of the Treasury Department reflecting a historical focus on tax collection). Alcohol is exempt from the jurisdiction of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) that regulates most other food products. 

(13) Individuals belonging to one of the eight categories enumerated in Article 4 of the Convention Relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War, done at Geneva August 12, 1949 (6 UST 3316), who violate the law of war. 

For example, it is mandatory for labels on some kinds of alcohol to disclose the percentage of alcohol in the product, and prohibited for other kinds of alcohol to disclose the percentage of alcohol in the product. Certain ingredients, like nitrates, have to be disclosed on the label, while others do not. And, many of the primary ingredients of alcoholic beverages with a particular name, are dictated by ATFE regulations. 

(6) Members of the Fleet Reserve and Fleet Marine Corps Reserve. 

In particular, he has a vision of the United States has a Christian nation, guided by European concepts of civilization. This ideology, sometimes called "white nationalism" or "alt-right" is one that he has expressed in his management of Breitbart News. For example, the New York Times quoted him on February 10, 2017 as saying: 

(2) met the mental competency and minimum age qualifications of sections 504 and 505 of this title at the time of voluntary submission to military authority; 

Bills have taken effect pursuant to the 10 day rule under the Presentment clause in the United States federal government, but this is rare. 

But, there is ample precedent for a President having to leave office at the end of his Presidential term and those precedents would apply with equal force in the case of an impeachment. 

China does not have an equivalent to U.S. double jeopardy. I have not located a resource answering this question in the context of Islamic law systems and tribal courts. 

The Shah (who was forced into exile in Egypt with his family for the rest of his life) and many his leading cronies paid the price for their own wrong doing shortly after the 1979 revolution.