Three line whips aren't particularly common, since not all debates end with a division (votes), and the party will not have a policy on all matters. Moreover a three-line whip instructs the MP that they absolutely have to attend, excluding the possibility of dealing with other political affairs, whereas for lesser whipped options an MP might be able to "pair" with a member of an opposing party (i.e. both agree not to vote, thus freeing the MPs to conduct other business without changing the result). 

Obviously three line whips are far more common for more important votes though, which obviously the "Brexit bill" counts as. Some points made the Labour party whip particularly notable in this case though were that: To list a few extra structural considerations: Under the current rules a new candidate for the Labour leadership requires the support of 20% of Labour MPs and MEPs (members of the European parliament). This would equate to 50 signatures from 230 MPs and 20 MEPs. There appears to be some uncertainty as to whether this is also true for an incumbent. The difficulty apparently comes down to rule Rule 4.2.ii of the Labour party rule book which states that when a party leader faces a challenge “any nomination must be supported by 20 per cent of the Commons members of the PLP. Nominations not attaining this threshold shall be null and void” but doesn't make clear whether this applies only to the challenger(s) or not. You might also like to consider that the largest parliamentary constituency in the UK is Ross, Skye and Lochaber at about 12,000 square kilometres, whereas the largest Canadian federal riding is Nunavut at about 2,093,190 square kilometres. There's no reason to suppose the most rational counting scheme for one is also the most rational for the other. The popular expectation in the media therefore had been that Labour would either offer a free vote (allowing their MPs to vote their consciences) or to whip weakly, thus avoiding the awkward disciplinary questions of what to do when individual MPs rebelled. But what if the group "leaving" and the group "staying" are roughly the same size? Both might have plausible claims to be the "true" Labour party. Both might reasonably claim to be the ones who are staying and claim that it's the other guys who are leaving them. You could also get intractable problems if the split among MPs is very different to the split among the party members. Bringing further variables into the situation, such as what happens regarding paid party officials and trade unions who provide funding for the party, makes it even more complicated. the second factor was that UKIP was (and may still be) seen as a single-issue party rather than a plausible government in waiting. Many voters in the GE might well have agreed with UKIP's desire to leave the EU, but they ranked that issue low on their list of priorities. In a general election most voters would decide who to vote for on political, economic or personal criteria unrelated to the question of EU membership. 

Yes. The UK has a secret ballot, so it's impossible to get "hard evidence" of how everyone actually voted. The best you can do is ask a representative subset of voters, as YouGov did. High quality opinion polling is the gold standard of data for voter breakdown by age, party support, and other criteria. 

In 2013, the law was changed so that the oldest child of the previous monarch will inherit the throne, regardless of sex. This change affects the UK as well as Canada, Australia and other countries with the Queen as head of state. It had no effect on the current line of succession, which is entirely male: Prince Charles (oldest child of Elizabeth), Prince William (oldest child of Charles), and Prince George (oldest child of William). 

If officers are armed with guns as a matter of routine, they will be tempted to use their guns. Instead, the idea is for officers to resolve situations using dialogue or non-lethal force, calling in specialist firearms units only as a last resort. 

There is a precedent in a UK-style electoral system: In the 1989 provincial election in Alberta, Canada, the Progressive Conservative party won a majority while its leader, Don Getty, lost his own seat. 

Please note that I am NOT a lawyer. What follows is merely info I picked up from a long term interest in freedom of speech issues, sharpened by once thinking I was going to be involved in a legal case. 

One can certainly defend a prescriptivist view of what constitutes proper democracy. The trouble is, everyone's prescription is different. Here is an incomplete list of types of countries claimed to fall short of being truly democratic on various grounds: I would like to pick up on the final words of your question referring to the apparent paradox between UKIP being a "fairly small and disliked party", and the fact that its signature policy, "Brexit", won the referendum. It is not mandatory for a party leader who loses his seat to stand down. At time of writing (May 13th 2015) Jim Murphy does not plan to stand down as Scottish Labour leader despite losing his seat. Nigel Farage failed to gain the seat he stood for, but seems set to continue as UKIP leader. Defamation law is much more harsh in the UK than the US. Media Law by Robertson and Nicol (5th edition 2008) is a good reference source. 

the second factor was that UKIP was (and may still be) seen as a single-issue party rather than a plausible government in waiting. Many voters in the GE might well have agreed with UKIP's desire to leave the EU, but they ranked that issue low on their list of priorities. In a general election most voters would decide who to vote for on political, economic or personal criteria unrelated to the question of EU membership.