Jesus, God the Son, certainly may have been the One who appeared in the Old Testament from time to time, walking in the garden with Adam and Eve, speaking to Abraham about the judgment of Sodom and Gomorrah, the fourth Man in the fire with Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, perhaps Melchizedek, the "angel" who wrestled with Jacob, etc. However, He was not called Jesus until He was born into the world. His being born of a virgin is an important part of this, of course. The doctrine indicates that without a human father, Jesus did not inherit the sin nature. I understand that the Old Testament prophecies many different things about the Messiah who was to come, including the virgin birth, His suffering, His resurrection, etc. After the birth of Jesus, then, Joseph and Mary were like any other married couple and would have likely had other children. They lyrics to that song are as follows: Was this ever the official teaching of the LDS Church? If so, what biblical support for these doctrines is there? Did it begin in the Catholic Church? If so, when did it become adopted by the Orthodox Church? Here Jesus affirms that a spirit does not have flesh and blood, but He Himself does. To prove it, He tells His disciples to touch Him. Then He provides another proof by taking a piece of broiled fish and eating it. This is further proof because spirits do not and cannot eat physical food. It seems that the Second Person of the Trinity took on the name of Jesus when He entered into creation and was born of Mary. Prior to this, He was with the Father and the Spirit. What did the old Prophet mean when he said (speaking of Christ), “He shall see his seed, prolong his days, &c.” Did Jesus consider it necessary to fulfil every righteous command or requirement of his Father? He most certainly did. This be witnessed by submitting to baptism under the hands of John. “Thus it becometh us to fulfil all righteousness,” said he. Was it God's commandment to man, in the beginning, to multiply and replenish the earth? None can deny this, neither that it was a righteous command; for upon an obedience to this, depended the perpetuity of our race. Did Christ come to destroy the law or the Prophets, or to fulfil them? He came to fulfil. Did he multiply, and did he see his seed? Did he honor his Father's law by complying with it, or did he not? Others may do as they like, but I will not charge our Savior with neglect or transgression in this or any other duty. Journal of Discourses, Volume 4, Page 260 The receiving of the name "Jesus" identified the purpose for which God the Son entered into creation. "Jesus" or "Yeshua" literally means "The Lord Saves". So, Jesus was called "The Lord Saves", because He (the Lord) would, in fact, save His people from their sins. The entirety of the Old Testament predicts, foreshadows, or reveals Jesus in some way. I've heard it said, "The New [Testament] is in the Old, concealed; the Old is in the New, revealed." The Bible is very clear that Jesus did not begin to exist in the womb of Mary. As the Second Person of the Trinity, He exists outside of the physical universe of time, space, and matter and with the Father and Spirit created the physical world. I realize that long quotes from other places are not typically accepted here. It just seems that these answered the question all too well. The grand reason of the burst of public sentiment in anathemas upon Christ and his disciples, causing his crucifixion was evidently based upon polygamy, according to the testimony of the philosophers who rose in that age. A belief in the doctrine of a plurality of wives caused the persecution of Jesus and his followers. We might almost think they were "Mormons". Journal of Discourses, Volume 1, Page 346. Probably the most definitive verse on this is in Luke: How specifically does the Passover do this? In the book of Acts, He is the fire from Heaven. In Romans, He's the Grace of God. In Corinthians, the power of love. In Galatians, He is freedom from the curse of sin. Ephesians, our glorious treasure. Philippians, the servant's heart. In Colossians, He's the Godhead Trinity. Thessalonians, our coming King. In Timothy, Titus, Philemon, He's our mediator and our faithful pastor. In Hebrews, the everlasting covenant. In James, the one who heals the sick. In 1st and 2nd Peter, He's our shepherd. -In John and in Jude, He's the lover coming for His bride. In the Revelation, He is King of Kings and Lord of Lords. He is, He is, He is. The Prince of Peace, the Son of Man, the Lamb of God, the great I AM. He's the Alpha and Omega, our God and our Savior. He is Jesus Christ the Lord. and when time is no more. He is, He is. There are several places on the web that summarize this. Here's one of them: He is holy, was holy, and will always be holy... and sinless and righteous and pure and blameless. So, Jesus appears to have had four brothers, namely James, Joseph, Simon and Judas. It also indicates that Jesus had sisters, but it does not give a specific number. 39 See My hands and My feet, that it is I Myself; touch Me and see, for a spirit does not have flesh and bones as you see that I have.” 40 And when He had said this, He showed them His hands and His feet. 41 While they still could not believe it because of their joy and amazement, He said to them, “Have you anything here to eat?” 42 They gave Him a piece of a broiled fish; 43 and He took it and ate it before them. Luke 24:36-42 NASB