To sum up, some may think that Brexit automatically triggers an exit from Euratom since the European Union (Amendment) Act 2008 includes Euratom in its scope while others may think that it's not the case as Euratom is legally separate from the EU (though its only full members are EU countries). The regulations were designed to make it easier for the EU to suspend a country that had elected an authoritarian leader whose values were deemed to be at odds with those of the union. It's mainly because there was no official mechanism to withdraw from the European Union before the Treaty of Lisbon was enter into force. “It seemed to me very likely that a dictatorial regime would then, in high dudgeon, want to storm out. And to have a procedure for storming out seemed to be quite a sensible thing to do — to avoid the legal chaos of going with no agreement,” Kerr said. Source: The Independent - Article 50 was designed for European dictators, not the UK, says man who wrote it Yes, the UK government has mentioned this before in the explanatory notes published with the EU Notification of Withdrawal Bill (Article 50 bill). Thus, Article 50 was created so that it would provide an official mechanism and rule, such as the 2-year negotiation period, to withdraw from the bloc. Basically, Euratom was explicitly mentioned as the government had not stated its intention as seen in this article by Politco: And finally, the whole commission must be approved again by a parliament majority. The parliament can not reject individual commission members; they need to accept either all of them or none. However, the threat of shooting down the whole commission because of a few unpopular members has in the past convinced individual governments to revise their appointment. Lets assume that some EU member states think that a certain other member state should no longer be a member of the EU. In contrary to this question, that state has no intention to withdraw from the EU on their own accord, so Article 50 of the Treaty of the European Union does not apply. All of this is of course quite vague and open to interpretation. But when an organization has a set of political core values defined in its carta, then it is part of its very nature to "repress" any attempts to undermine these values. So when a member state does no longer respect these principles, there have to be consequences. The thing Oliver is actually making fun of here is the British tendency to make jokes about other EU countries. So these "example jokes" are not particularly good and more based on stereotypes than clever political observation. If you expected any witty political satire hidden in here, spare yourself the time and please do not read on. I would assume not, but it's not clear to me why Gibraltar has EU membership in the first place when other BOTs don't, so I know I'm missing something. The current situation also proves that BOTs don't automatically inherit the membership status of their 'parent' state but that there is some flexibility to determine this on a case-by-base basis. Gibraltar is a British Overseas Territory. It is under the jurisdiction and sovereignty of the UK. It is the only BOT with EU membership, which it holds as a dependent territory of the UK, but it is the only BOT to hold EU membership. This is therefore not comparable to the situation with French overseas departments, which are almost the same status as metropolitan (geographically European) departments. Gibraltar voted 96% in favour of remaining within the EU. A few years ago, it voted even more overwhelmingly (98%) to reject joint UK-Spanish sovereignty. So, assuming no change in its sovereignty or status as a BOT, is there any legal mechanism that would allow Gibraltar to remain in the EU when the UK leaves?