(And that, my friend is why we call the three days before Easter the Tritium, or in some circles Triduum) The third postulant went to his chamber and got out his microscope, he didn't see anything at all. Then his chamber exploded and he was put in the infirmary until the end of Lent. Somehow the first and second postulants managed to track down the atom and brought it to him after Holy Thursday Mass. He examined it in the microscope and he saw 3 electrons spinning in perfect harmony around the atom. "God must be all powerful," he said to the abbot and his friends. Suppose for instance that 3 postulants at St. Therese of Lisieux priory in Chattanooga, TN were assigned the task of completing a 9 day novena starting on March 16th and ending on March 25th (The Feast of The Annunciation). and it might be blasphemy to use the same definition to describe the Trinity as a bunch of Goods. We can describe about the Trinity is that God is a communion of Love. Many times there will be a special collection for missions or charities. Then you know you're giving will directly help the needy, by those who can help them best. Well, this may seem like a dumb question, but a lot of heads have been knocked around over what is meant by the "Divinity of Christ". To a Catholic, I don't think one can have the Divinity of Christ without a hypostatic union because it would mean that Jesus was, for a time, not God. but an even better than a crummy ASCII venn diagram is every piece of religious art depicting Jesus ever In love and responsibility,Pope John Paul II wrote I think you're thinking that they're mixed somehow and Christ's human nature (and subsequent death) brings down the Trinity or splits it up for a bit. But that's just not contingent on the Incarnation. If so, the Trinity would have been affected by the Incarnation as well as by the Crucifixion and It would have been made more glorious by the Transfiguration and even more glorious by the Resurrection. So, my question is, do the Latter-Day Saints believe Jesus was fully God during His sojourn on earth? The hypostatic union is the doctrine that Jesus has two natures (at the same time) and was always and is always fully man and fully God. The Trinity is a plurality of Persons subsisting in one nature and the Incarnation is one Person subsisting in a plurality of natures. St. Thomas holds that Christs two natures are neither confused nor mixed. And Jesus' body, which has natural properties is subject to them. Christ's divine nature is not subject to the things that His human nature is subject to. Alms giving is a corporal work of mercy. If monks spent all day contemplating the electron instead of contemplating Christ they would by hard pressed to find any joy in their vocation. The second postulant went to his chamber and got out his microscope, he saw an electron right away but it was moving in a way he didn't expect. He leaned over closer and the cross around his neck popped out of his robes and the electron popped off it and bonded to a radioactive cobalt isotope in his cross which was otherwise going to poison him and give him cancer. "God must be all merciful," he said to the abbot. Contributing to the needs of the church is a precept of the Catholic Church. So, to answer the question, the Persons of the Trinity would seem possess all the perfect means of loving.