I am not a fan of deep back stories; they bore me. But pivotal scenes do not, and writing some of those pivotal scenes in Annie's early life, before she was a Marine, even though I do NOT want them in this book, can help me see who she is, if my sketch needs to be revised, and can even help me find the next character: The man with whom she will fall in love. Perhaps like the father she admires, or the boyfriend she had in high school. Perhaps Annie the Warrior falls in love with Bryce the architect that has never been in as much as a fist fight. I don't know what turns her on, but I can find out by looking for those pivotal life scenes and trying to write them, and discovering the core qualities of a young girl that will become Annie the Warrior, and Annie In Love. Some people work better with absolutely bare environments. Some want all the bells and whistles. Some want LaTeX markup. Some people find mind-map software really useful and others find it overwhelming. Writing software is only useful if you find it so. Different writers have different needs, so they will use different tools. Asking other people doing the same thing as you what they find useful is perfectly reasonable. In your piece, the character has no idea if the bird is male or female, or even real, so "it" is appropriate. 

You can draw on the power of the ancients for magic? great. 

Tyrion gave Joffrey a beautiful book of history (in a society which doesn’t appear to have the printing press, so every book is hand-lettered). Joffrey immediately chopped it into pieces with his sword because he wasn’t interested in learning anything. He killed the prostitute Roz because he was bored and wanted to use his new crossbow. He displayed many instances of violence in which he took great glee, and was then cowardly in the face of danger (or Tyrion slapping him). We were happy to see Joffrey die because every choice he made, every action, every word, was only about putting himself and his wants first. 

ETA armatita makes a good point in the comments, which I'll append: If you want your audience not just to hate your villain but actively cheer for his/her demise, the villain's evil has to be personal. Ramsay raping a random woman is terrible. Ramsay raping Sansa (a character we've watched grow up, who has gone from innocent and airheaded to experienced, smart, and capable), on their forced wedding night, in Winterfell, is a personal horror. We identify with Sansa, so now we want Ramsay to die. We as the audience want revenge. 

Ramsay Snow/Bolton, another all-out GoT villain, skinned people alive, chopped off bits of his prisoners, tortured them mentally and physically, sent his dogs to hunt people down and tear them apart, committed rape, et cetera. (He’s even worse in the books. On the show he at least has the actor’s physical charms.) Again, it was for his own gleeful pleasure — in fact, his father, a more cold-blooded pragmatist, scolded him for being tactically stupid with his excesses. 

So as long as you don't strain your minimalist explanation with maximalist results, you should be okay. Each person can do one thing at a time, or maybe each person can only tap one kind of magic: sure. That's reasonable. You don't need to go into details about how you contact the gods or which gods bestow which power etc. It's when It Just Happens becomes Dei Ex Machinae Happens that you need to prop up the Dei with worldbuilding. You can draw on said power for flight, telekinesis, telepathy, physical transmogrification, healing, fighting, blasting fireballs, warding off someone else's fireballs, wayfinding, animal telepathy, and mixing the perfect Pan-Galactic Gargleblaster... all at once? by the same person? without paying a price? Now I'm going to need an explanation. Your villain’s wants can be just about him/herself, or they can be about a nation or empire etc., or a religion/deity, but someone due for chunky salsa karma will have nothing for the audience to appreciate or identify with. 

ETA To address @what's comment: Writing software can come with a lot of features which writers may find more useful and flexible than writing on paper. To wit: 

This is the definition of "your mileage may vary." 

Some people work better on paper; you are clearly one of them. 

Someone who deserves to be smeared over a brick wall doesn't have reedeming features. 

My only objection to It Just Happens is when you overload the suspension of disbelief. 2) Either build your world or introduce characters, but not both at once. In David and Leigh Eddings's Belgariad and Malloreon pentologies, we start with one boy who has one aunt and one adult friend, the aunt's father shows up, and then the band collects more members one by one as they leave the small farm and go out into the wider world. Each person is distinctive and has a part to play, and the Eddingses either introduce a new setting/city or a new character, but not both at the same time. 

A book is recursive: It has a beginning, middle and end. Each chapter has a beginning, middle and end. Each scene has a beginning, middle and end. Even the sub-parts of a scene, like a conversation, have a beginning, middle and end! To me the point isn't to include these scenes in the book, they are fragments without a plot and outside the plot I want to write, about an adult Annie. I don't like flashbacks, either. So I'll put them aside. The point is to write a novel that could be a screenplay that is good enough to sell. Not to write a novel fast, not to write a novel from start to finish without a mistake, not to make sure every word I write gets sold. The goal is not efficiency, the goal is good coherent writing people can believe. The spirit of what I write will end up informing my treatment of the Adult Annie. In that sense the time and effort and pages are not wasted at all, I built a "real" girl and we meet her in the middle of her story without fumbling around.