If you are willing to mix in some premium hands then it could be OK. 

You have more fold equity as a chip they lose worth more than a chip they win. Especially against smaller stack. 

There is value in getting to showdown to show you have a pretty big open range and you can get value with AA KK (bet them the same). KQ and AJ sould only open mid to late. 

Alec check; Doug bets $6350, Alec makes a big call and takes down the pot 

As I stated in a comment a big pot is not the proper objective. A big pot you lose is not not good for you. The proper objective is to maximize EV (Expected Value). 

Problem is that you are encouraging calls and other than the blinds you are playing out of position. 

You artificially make this about all-in when it is not. 

If you think you are the best post flop player at the table you are encouraging more calls and but other than the blinds you are playing out of position. 

You will see pros play pairs more as they need to be tricky to take down a pro. A pair of 5s might call an early standard raise if you both have a decent size stack behind (like 4-6+ times the size of the bet you are calling). 

Is there any situation in which hero should check or put in a small bet to build the pot? 

Not going to accept my own answer so feel free to post. 

You have another answer to raise. You would need to fire like 20 BB to get them down to 2.4:1 so hard to fold them. Fire the flop like you hit with a pot sized bet is cheaper with more fold equity I think. 

You can get 1/4 bluffs in your range with hands that have equity like 86 spades or even 86 diamonds. To say need to play out a total blank to get in GTO is trying to save face - IMHO. I think Dave had it so in his mind pre flop that he was going to outplay Alec that he did not come off the hand when the cards were just not working. My opinion is that you can be stubborn with semi bluffs and get your quota of GTO bluffs in. Say he had 86 spades he still loses but he 3 barreled with a backup plan and you still get enough GTO bluffs in.