Perhaps you think Allah (AWJ) created only this universe and created no humans unless you?! Yes, By Allah Indeed God created thousands of thousands of universes and thousands of thousands of Adams that you are at the end of those universes and Adams. 

This list is only few examples (like a drop from an ocean). nearly every Iranian has miraculous experiences from Imam Reza a.s. for himself or his relatives. Iranians love Imam Reza a.s. too much. many of people have seen him in dream that he answers to their questions and problems. this is not only about him but about all of the fourteen infallibles. but because the shrine of 8th Imam is inside Iran and easier to access people of Iran go to his shrine and do Tawassul to him. Tawassul means asking one of Awlia to he ask God to God accept our dua. because our sins make a barrier between us and God and causes our dua do not reach God and so not be accepted. people from all over the world come to holy shrine of Imam Reza a.s. and seek Tawassul from his holy soul. 

Anyway the best and easiest possible way of seeing a miracle by your own eyes is doing Tawassul to the Ahl ul Bayt. they are very merciful and answer you very soon. but a serious Tawassul with loving them is needed to they answer soon. leaving sin and obeying obeying them as well as Quran makes acceptance of dua and seeing miracle done by them much more sooner. The Qur'an was revealed in progression, as you mentioned, with verses from the same chapter being revealed not necessarily in sequence. The Qur'an was revised in its entirety with Gabriel once a year, and twice in the last year prior to the death of the Prophet ﷺ. This typically took place in the month of Ramadan. 

The two hadiths that you quoted are related to Al-Hurūf al-Muqatta'ah. These are combinations of 1-5 alphabets that occur at the start of 29 chapters of the Qur'an which are recited as separate characters rather than syllables. It was narrated from Ibn 'Abbas that the Prophet (ﷺ) said: "The blood of every Muslims is equal, they are one hand against others. The asylum offered by the lowest of them in status applies to them (all), and the return is granted to the farthest of them." The sustenance responsibility of a parental orphan moves to the parental uncles, and not to the mother. The fact that the Qur'an was revealed after Ibrahim is irrelevant since the term "Muslims" does not refer solely to followers of Qur'an or Prophet Muhammad, but to followers of Allah and his message at the time (Qur'an 22-78). According to the same chapter, the most worthy of Ibrahim are Ibrahim's followers and the followers of the Prophet and those who believe in Allah and his messages (Qur'an 3:68), all of which are called Muslims according to Islamic teachings (submitting to Allah), irrespective of which time period they belong to, or which scripture they follow. In other words, true followers of Issa would be worthy of Ibrahim, and would be called Muslims, too. The Qur'an has numerous references to people prior to the revelation of the Qur'an being called Muslims, e.g., followers of Issa in Qur'an 3:52, Ibrahim and his sons and grandsons in Qur'an 2:132-133 and in Qur'an 2:128, Nooh (Noah) as in Qur'an 10:71-72, etc. Thus trial was what lead to the third stage in the Compilation of the Qur’aan. 

Apart from this, unlike everyone says here, there is a hadith to support this action: 

It says that "Hasuran" with respect to Yahya (alayhi salam) means he is immune to illegal sexual relations. That is what Allah has made him. It does not mean he refrains from sexual relations with women he marries (i.e. legal), but that he is immune from illegal sexual relations. The manuscript on which the Qur’an was collected, remained with Abu Bakr till Allah took him unto Him, and then with ‘Umar till Allah took him unto Him, and finally it remained with Hafsa, ‘Umar’s daughter. (Collected by Imaam Al Bukhaari in his ‘Saheeh’ 4679) 

About the hukm of the prostrations of recitation, Abu Hanifa and his disciples said that they are obligatory. Malik and al-Shafi'i said that they are prescribed as a sunna and are not obligatory. The reason for disagreement arises from their dispute about the implication of the commands requiring prostrations and the traditions that convey the meaning of the commands. For example, whether the (following) words of the Exalted,