Before she comes back, make sure you and your husband write to her with a set of expectations you have for her. If she cannot possibly follow those behaviors, then don't feel that you need to allow her to visit you. If you have little say in the matter, perhaps your husband can hire someone to help you with the twins and the extra work when she returns. If she continues to harbor ill-will towards your babies, maybe she can stay with her grandmother and visit her father and you (with or without your children). 

First, your son must apologize properly for what he's done. This is best done in front of the parents, for they were hurt as well. To apologize effectively, he should 

If you want children to behave, teaching principles and self-control is better than punishment (an ounce of prevention and all that.) Taking money consistently will not teach them why something is wrong; it will teach them that someone with power can take their money away for behaviors they disapprove of. Remember that kids learn from watching the behaviors of their parents. (A recent question dealt with unlearning bad parenting behaviors.) 

"It's not like I killed my best friend," he said. I looked at him with a mixture of awe and a bit of sorrow. "You're trying to hurt me," I simply said. "it was a good try." I didn't rebuke him. He was pushing. It happens. How often depends in part on how successful it is. 

*Adam Walsh was a tragic example of this. His father, wanting his child to be 'polite', taught him to obey adults. As a direct result (even his father admits this), the child was abducted, abused, and murdered. Effective discipline for children **My children were allowed to jump on their beds, climb on the shed roof and jump off of it, climb trees, even to jump off the house's porch roof into deep snow drifts. Yet I treated children's injuries as part of my living. Did they ever get stitches or break a bone? Yes, they all got stitches, and one child broke his thumb rolling down a hill. They are not perfect, but they are law-abiding, responsible, compassionate adults supporting themselves with meaningful work. 

My ex was very parsimonious even though we had plenty of money. At one point, he was doing all the cooking and shopping. (He was working half-time; I was working half-time, homeschooling full time, and the kids and I were doing all the other chores, including farm chores.) 

We make mistakes; we do wrong. We apologize. We promise to be more careful in the future. When restitution is in order, we demonstrate that as well. 

I seriously doubt that anyone would prosecute you for "fining" your children, regardless of the amount (excluding in the thousands.) So it's not the law you need to be concerned about. 

I have really mixed feelings about the fact that she's actually had to reschedule appointments to hide the fact that she does use corporal punishment. I have no mixed feelings about what the Pearls espouse; I detest it. Yet it seems to work in this case, and no, her kids are not frightened automatons. 

But she is six years old. You are the adult. Children test their parents. It's up to the parents to decide that they aren't going to fall for that manipulative behavior. 

If you swore often in traffic and your paycheck was reduced by $10 per episode, or if you cut in line and were fined $50, or if you spanked your child in a fit of frustration, and your boss informed you that your paycheck had been forfeited for that week, what would your reaction be? Would it be to stop those behaviors, or would you report him to the authorities? 

Hopefully, this will be all that's needed. If your son didn't have problems before this year, loving him, working on empathy, and working on social skills with him will likely help a lot. 

As espoused by Michael and Debi Pearl 

However, if the therapist feels outpatient therapy isn't working - which is something to take very seriously - please strongly consider a wilderness program. (Adolescent therapists and child psychiatrists dealing with drug-abuse will know some effective ones; if they don't, there are specialized consultants that can recommend the best program for your child - for a price.) 

Having said that, you asked for feedback. To me, your method of disciplining your children is unjust, and it doesn't make sense. I don't see their reactions, but I can't imagine it won't backfire on you, either in the form of resentment or lessons not learned. 

Respectfully disagreeing and healthy boundaries need to be taught and modeled for kids, or they will have a very erroneous belief of what marriage and life with other people really is. 

This is not going to be a complete answer, because you have not given much detail (what you've tried, how he gets the substances, how he's gotten around it and why, etc.) I'll modify the answer when additional information becomes available. I'll assume it's as bad as you say, and you've tried grounding, taking away privileges, etc., and nothing has worked. 

As with any life threatening situation, get him to a specialist. If he has not been in counseling, ask your pediatrician for the name of some adolescent therapists who deal in drugs and addiction, and make an appointment immediately. While he's still young, you have some control over his movements and his environment.