Now, I might be beating a dead horse here, probably one that has been dead and decomposing for a while now, but I'll try it anyway. Ron's suspension was perfectly valid, he habitually ignores the rules and has announced a few times on different sites that he'll never follow them. I was watching most of the stuff that happened when he was suspended, and he was just throwing a temper tantrum because one of the moderator candidates was someone he didn't like. But the biggest feature in my opinion that would allow more leniency with the anti-vandalism features would be a rewind option for user activity. Allowing moderators to undo all actions of a user since a certain point in time would make it pretty painless to reverse all consequences of a vandalism spree. I'd suggest that both the open and source tags should be nuked from orbit. They don't seem to be of any use. Those users are doing it wrong: tags need to have meaning on their own. There should be no compound tags on any SE site. Elevating the privileges too early is problematic, I still remember Gaming which had a period just after graduation where you needed pretty much every 3k+ user just to close a question without moderators. I think this is one of the graduation aspects that is suited best for an objective threshold, there isn't much debate necessary, either a site has enough active 3k+ users or it doesn't. One could also take additional information into account to automatically detect harmful patterns. E.g. if many edits are reverted in a short time, it would make sense to block the user from editing for a while. The same could work for posts, using downvotes and flags as measure of harmfulness. Editing is encouraged because it helps improve the site quality, by editing a lot you're not doing anything wrong (as long as the edits are good). As for everything that has happened after that, I haven't seen such destructive and immature behaviour on any SE site so far. You're always assuming the worst about the moderator's motives when they act, you never even consider that they could have well-intentioned reasons to act that way. You imply or outright accused the mods of deleting posts just because they disagree with them and to suspend users just because they don't like them. You spend hours upon hours to insult Physics.SE users on your comment page on Lubos' blog, calling them "obnoxious non-physics trolls", "politically trolling shithead", "totalitarian monarchs" and similar insults. Anyone that disagrees with you is assumed a non-physicist that only wants to suppress you for political reasons. This is a decision that needs to be made on a case-by-case basis, I wouldn't flag it as spam, but with a custom flag explaining a bit more detail. The spam flag leads to auto-deletion if enough users flag the post, and a -100 reputation penalty. For more complicated situations than plain and obvious spam I'd use a custom flag. In those situations a moderator needs to look at the history of the user and make a judgement call. The privilege levels are one of the graduation aspects that I think is the easiest to tie to objective measurements. The reputation required for actions like closing should be elevated to the graduation levels once a site has enough active users at the elevated levels to ensure efficient moderation. And we can't really answer your question as we don't know how much is needed to trigger the ban. As deleted posts play a large role, we often can't judge the situation as we can't see those. I'd personally favor more transparency around the ban, but I know that this would be difficult to do without making it easier to exploit. You're not helping Physics.SE, you're trying to divide it and destroy it if you don't get your way.