Corrections may escalate from a stern "no" and removing the toy, to removing him from the location, to sitting him down and explain in short and clear terms what's right and wrong. After enough times there's just no patience left (nor energy), especially when it's been going on all day, all week, all month. But he is often misbehaving when he's only supervised by mom. I'm feeling certain that mom demonstrates more than reasonable patience, and that the relevant rules are enforced with >97% consistency, so I don't think that mom needs to change herself. I think the level of disciplining needs to go up, but how? I would very likely allow older kids to play with my iPhone, because they're more likely to take good care to not damage it, and to not make calls to random people in the phone list. But a toddler doesn't understand what he's doing, he's just touching semi-randomly and while enjoying the changing colors. 

My situation is that my son (now 2½) is incredibly active and won't sit still even for three minutes (unless it's for watching Barbapapa on mommy's Youtube). For now it looks like our son will become an athlete rather than a scholar, and we're fine whatever it will be. 

Clarification and update: At this age, we don't expect him to be able to brush his teeth on his own. What I meant was that he didn't allow us to do it for him either. 

We found out by coincidence really: One evening we didn't put him in his sleeping sack but just covered him with the blanket (it's familiar to him, it has been in his crib for a long time already) and he was fine. The next evening he was restless again but not crying; my wife explained to him plainly that he's a big boy and can sleep with the blanket but he has to stay under the blanket and keep his legs and feet under it too. I'm amazed that this simple explanation did the trick, but it did. He just needed operating instructions for the tool we call blanket. 

All training requires repetitions before it's really "learned" but these repetitions refer to separate situations. When you have to repeat yourself several times in a row in a single situation, then more discipline is required. One of the first words we started deliberately training*) with our son was farmor (grandma in Danish) because we knew that his grandma would be extremely proud and pleased to hear this word. We actually started before his first birthday, but he didn't really start talking until nearly two years old (possibly because of being raised bilingual). Even after continued farmor training, and building a vocabulary of maybe fifty words, farmor wasn't among them. 

At 22 months, our toddler is incredibly active and always has been. He's also mostly very well-behaved, especially when being babysat alone with grandma, or when dad or others are around -- even to the point of carrying his dishes to the sink and such. 

Only when he demonstrates that he has learned to respect your things can you allow him to play with it under supervision.1) In the first many situations, let a warning be your first escalation. Explain what the direct natural consequence of disobeying would be: If you don't put your shoes on now, we can't go to the park. You could skip this step if you want to discipline more rigorously. 

The toddler of a friend of mine ruined an iPhone because he, too, was incredibly attracted to it and eventually physically broke it. (Turns out an iPhone doesn't do very well as a car on a rough stone floor. Apparently it lacks something called "wheels." Who knew?) My wife and I are very protective of our computers and iPhones; from the very start we made it clear that these are our devices and only we may use them. Despite being very active and inquisitive, out toddler learned to respect that electronic devices are not kids' toys but adult tools. 

I'm including some marketing photos so you can see what size the robots are: How can I help him understand that he should close his eyes to sleep? I can't very well give my son one of those masks to wear. The same goes for other medias like YouTube or DVDs, though perhaps to a lesser degree. I believe that material like comics such as Donald Duck, or tv shows such as Sesame Street and Muppet Show, would be your best choice because these things are very visual and therefore work well without understanding the language. 

"Letting him cry" didn't work for us. We discovered that the cause was discomfort rather than defiance, although not in a very obvious way. Our son's bedtime unrest and crying has been increasing recently, and it now turns out that he didn't want the sleeping sack anymore so we "upgraded" him to a blanket. 

What is an effective method to do this? It's not a toy. Make no exceptions. What does work for language learning is real-world interaction -- the summer is coming, so plan a camping vacation in your neighboring countries; that will provide lots of opportunity to play with other kids that speak a different language. Or find some kind of regular multinational community gathering in your neighborhood. In answers to other questions, I've seen "time-out" and the "1-2-3 method" mentioned as effective, but I don't see my son reacting to that -- he is not the kind of kid you can sit down on a mat and say "stay!", especially not when only mom is around. When he's placed in his room, he just leaves the room (he can open all doors unless they're locked or gated). When he's placed in his cot, he cries loudly and doesn't stop.