Performing an action that you wouldn't normally do just for the sake of making your review count go up is harmful. Even if someone else might do that same harmful action, it's still possible the next reviewer won't, and that they have some helpful edit to make to the post. 

Also keep in mind that it's pretty hard to suggest improvements to the queue if you haven't ever actually used it, merely been on the side suggesting edits. If you really would like to improve it you're probably best off waiting until you have enough rep to use it, and then using it for some time (a few weeks at least) before you're familiar enough with it's problems to knowledgeably suggest improvements. 

Your edit looks correct to me, and rejecting it was indeed inappropriate. If you end up being edit banned then you can petition to have it looked into. If you don't end up getting enough rejections to be banned before the rejections are old enough to not count then nobody is hurt, and it's really not worth mod intervention. If you get banned, and would like to dispute some of the edits, then you can contact the moderation team and they might intervene. If a number of people have unlimited reviews in a day, noone else gets to have a look-in, and that's not fair. 

If you feel the question should be closed, vote to close it. The answers won't be lost. You can go back in your browser to revisit a review, and then the vote buttons are active. Vote then. 

Please, no automatic votes on my behalf. Last but not least; the badge is a nice 'thank you' gesture for doing all that work. It should not be seen as a certificate of reviewing ability. At most it could be interpreted as a certificate of tenacity; you have proven that you can continue to review, day after day, even though there is a daily cap on how many reviews you can do. So, you have shown you can live and work with that limit, no reason to lift it now that you got so good at it! 

If you come across a legitimate case of review abuse (e.g. a user that is rejecting everything it reviews with the same rejection reason), pick one post that the user reviewed, and flag it for moderator attention. Use the 'other' option and explain in the post what you found. 

My guess is that SO changed their algorithm for what posts show up in that queue in the first place. I wouldn't say it's wrong to consider that edit too minor. You'll note that, as a rule, when an edit just re-indents code it tends to be approved. When there is no indentation to begin with this actually adds a lot to the readability of the post, so I usually approve them because it really isn't a minor issue. This case is different though. The content was indented, and the editor just used a slightly different indentation scheme, and I agree that it adds little, if anything to the post. There are also a number of other clear issues with the post left unaddressed. Rejecting as "too minor" in this case is appropriate. As a rule you'll find that many people dislike rejecting posts as "too minor" in general, and will never or only rarely reject an edit just for being minor. Try not to be discouraged by such reviewers. 

The post was deleted after you loaded the review page. The limited flag options you see are what is available for a deleted post vs. one not deleted. 

It removed whitespace from the start of the lines, completely breaking the formatting of the code in the post. Last but not least; the badge is a nice 'thank you' gesture for doing all that work. It should not be seen as a certificate of reviewing ability. At most it could be interpreted as a certificate of tenacity; you have proven that you can continue to review, day after day, even though there is a daily cap on how many reviews you can do. So, you have shown you can live and work with that limit, no reason to lift it now that you got so good at it! The post was deleted (by a moderator) when it was almost 19 minutes old; you loaded the page when it was just 18 minutes old (from your screenshot). No, no spam (inappropriate promotion) was introduced, but the rejection reason is not limited to just spam. The rejection reason, in full, is: If a number of people have unlimited reviews in a day, noone else gets to have a look-in, and that's not fair.