For some men, straying from these things, have turned aside to fruitless discussion, wanting to be teachers of the Law, even though they do not understand either what they are saying or the matters about which they make confident assertions. - 1 Timothy 1:6-8 Suppose I am doing ok financially, and I read a passage indicating that I should provide for my brothers who are in need, and for those who minister to me. Buuut... something inside me tells me "Nah... that money is yours! You worked hard for it. Forget those lazy people... they can go get a job and make their own money!" Well, such a person would be inclined to have a "different interpretation" of those passages I linked. My question is - did I miss something? Is there actual rational criteria for whether a book is considered part of canon? However, many people teach that "not all Scripture is prophecy", and they use the division of "Law, Psalms, and Prophets" to signify the three chunks of the Old Testament. If, then, the words of God reveal the very heart of God Himself, then the Word of God is, in fact, inexhaustible, as God Himself is infinite. Caution should be taken regarding translation that attempt to bend the Scriptures to modern philosophies. For instance, it would be inappropriate to render pronouns referring to God or Jesus as gender-neutral, because they are not so in the original language. It is not ours to redefine what the Holy Spirit intended. So, because we know God's Word cannot be changed, we know that we can have confidence in the accuracy and reliability of the Old and New Testaments. Isaiah also speaks of how God's understanding is unsearchable: God also asks rhetorical questions, as He did to Job. "Where were you when I laid the foundations of the earth?" Since God is infinite, it will take an eternity to get to know Him fully. Fortunately, He has promised to give us exactly that amount of time to be with Him in Heaven. If it is, in fact, a judgment of God, it is good to note the reason for the judgment. God disciplines us for our good, as a father disciplines his own children. I use e-Sword which gives me KJV with Strong's Concordance as well as the Greek with Strong's. So, you can just click on the Strong's numbers beside the words, look at the KJV Concordance to see how it's translated in the KJV, also get Strong's definition and other helps as well. Death itself is a consequence of original sin as are all sicknesses. Specifically, it does seem that some sicknesses are a direct result of sin, sometimes as a byproduct but other times as a direct judgment of God. So, whenever any other book is offered as another Word from God, we need to be very careful and "test the spirits to see whether they are from God, for many false prophets have gone out into the world." (1 John 4:1 ESV) Also, if any other book contradicts the Bible, then it is another gospel and must be rejected. God doesn't say He doesn't know what's going in in Sodom. He just says that He is going to go there to observe it. He doesn't just observe either--He also takes Lot out of the city. Testing is another issue. Like questions, God is not gaining information by it. It actually does a lot for us, as we build up a history of learning from both the right and wrong decisions we make. If we are tested and fail, we deal with the guilt and the understanding of what we ought to have done. If we are tested and succeed, we set a pattern for future testings. God's Word warns against the preaching of any other gospel other than the gospel of Jesus Christ. In fact, it goes so far to say that even if an angel of God should preach a different gospel, we are to reject it. Alternatively, we know that some sickness is not the result of any sin at all, as Jesus told the disciples about the man who was born blind: e-Sword is the best Bible software money can't buy. (It's free.) e-sword.net. Additionally, it also gives us the promise of the Messiah and the prophecies that were later fulfilled in Jesus, giving us confidence to its truthfulness. Acts 3:22 and Acts 7:37 show that Moses, the writer of the Law, was also a Prophet! It's a sad reality... difficult to accept; difficult to consider a possibility in our own lives... but reality none the less. However, many people teach that "not all Scripture is prophecy", and they use the division of "Law, Psalms, and Prophets" to signify the three chunks of the Old Testament. Now, on to more specific examples. For some men, straying from these things, have turned aside to fruitless discussion, wanting to be teachers of the Law, even though they do not understand either what they are saying or the matters about which they make confident assertions. - 1 Timothy 1:6-8 All Scripture is authored by God via the Holy Spirit. A case can also be made that all Scripture is prophecy, which makes it even more clear that the Spirit was the instrument of God for authoring Scripture. Beyond the generic statements, we have a number of specific examples which support this doctrine.