The Missouri State Militia was sent in to protect the tax collectors, but its commander wisely recognized that this was very silly and resolved not to shed any blood. A mob of Iowans locked up the Sheriff of Clark County, Missouri, and the Iowa State Militia was called out. Whether the justifications are valid doesn't matter, if the soldiers believed them that's what matters. Europe before WWI was a careful balancing act of defensive alliances between the major powers of the UK, France, Germany, Austria-Hungary, and Russia. Prior to Kaiser Wilhelm II, Germany sought to keep France and Russia from aligning to avoid being surrounded. After the Kaiser fired its primary architect, Otto von Bismark, this careful system of alliances unraveled. France and Russia aligned, and Germany aligned with its neighbor Austria-Hungary. Germany was now surrounded. The name comes from a legend of a Missouri tax collector trying to collect taxes in the disputed territory. After being run off by residents with pitchforks, they decided to collect the taxes by chopping down three trees bearing honey beehives and taking the honey in lieu of taxes... I wish I could pay my taxes in raw honey. In the future, building upon the advance in the direction of Strasbourg, Epinal, Dijon, to finalize the defeat of the enemy in the territory of the FRG, to force a crossing of the river Rhine, and on the seventh or eighth day of the operation to take hold of the line Langres, Besançon. Russia and France, not prepared for war, did not make a strong stand for Serbia. Their opportunity to prevent war with a firm stance was squandered. Serbia refused the deal anyway. Germany, sensing weakness in Serbia's protectors, urged Austria-Hungary to attack immediately and swiftly. Invade and crush Serbia before Russia can mobilize, deliver them a fait accompli. So on July 28th, 1914 Austria-Hungary declared war on Serbia, bombarded Belgrade from the sea, and then informed the aghast Germans they would not be ready to invade for two more weeks. And Russia was already mobilizing. Somewhere in between is the European invasion of New Zealand. This is late in the colonial era, early 19th century. Slavery is being called into question. European culture was becoming enlightened to the idea that maybe all people are created equal and we can't just take people's stuff because they look different. The governors of both states agreed to let Congress resolve the dispute, and they split the difference. Later when Iowa became a state, the issue would come up again before the Supreme Court in Missouri v Iowa. They upheld the compromise line, and to make sure there was no further doubt about the border, they appointed two commissioners, one from Iowa and one from Missouri, to survey and mark the border with large pillars every 10 miles. This was a colonization effort driven by economics: the New World was views as a land to be stripped of resources to supply the European powers. Europeans settled there to gain economic opportunity and new freedoms. The natives were just in the way. Accordingly, they were thought of as sub-human, almost animals, treated as slaves, their land stolen, and pushed off into whatever land the Europeans didn't want (until they did). Unfortunately, I cannot find a copy of the plan. BAR Gunner, 1st Marine Division, Wana Ridge, Okinawa 1945 Let's look at a few examples to illustrate, and I'm going to have to paint with a very broad brush. Let's start with the European invasion of the Americas. On the European side, New Zealand is literally the middle of nowhere. Reaching it, even in the 19th century, was difficult. There wouldn't be the endless crush of European people and supplies, nor the insatiable lust for raw materials. They couldn't simply bulldoze the Maori, though they'd try. They'd have to bargain with them as equals. Military power can lead to social respect. Fast forward 400 years to the German invasion of the Soviet Union in WWII. Though it's often referred to as annexation, this was a very deliberate colonization effort. The intent was to gain land and resources for the German people to expand into, with one teensy problem: very well armed people were already living there. Even if Germany defeated them on the battlefield, they'd still be there. So they had to be wiped out. To that end, the Slavs were declared sub-human and the German state sent on a war not just of conquest, but of extermination. This failed because the Slavs resisted, they hadn't been crippled by plagues, and fought back. With a slightly broader definition of "slave" to include conquered peoples who were used as slave labor, we have the Osttruppen of the Wehrmacht (German Army in WWII) made up of soldiers from areas of Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union overrun by the Germans. Some were volunteers either pro-Nazi or anti-Stalin or just looking for a decent meal. Others were POWs conscripted or coerced into serving. By late 1943 there were almost half a million Osttruppen fighting for the German Army shoring up their ever increasing manpower shortages. Austro-Hungarian Ambassador László Szőgyény's report from Germany. The Napoleonic Wars greatly expanded warfare by demonstrating the value of a large national army of armed citizens, like we have today. Unlike the small, professional cadres before, these citizen soldiers were at their jobs, not the barracks. In the event of war they needed to be recalled, get to their barracks, armed, and sent to the front. This process of mobilization could take days or weeks in the case of a nation like Russia. The rapid French defeat in the Franco-Prussian War of 1870 lead many to think that wars were won by who could mobilize the mostest the fastest. The result being nations would be quick to mobilize at the sign of trouble, which made their neighbors nervous of an attack and they mobilized. There was an almost a Cold War tension in slow motion, that as soon as one nation mobilized, everyone would.