Quine lays this out really well, but the idea is already captured in Whitehead and Leibniz. 

But it would not answer this question. Universal Algebra and its cohorts Model Theory and Category Theory are fascinating in that they highlight commonalities we see between different logical structures we never imagined were so similar, and lets us classify them in a clean and compelling way. 

There are lots of ways to embed notions of infinity into the real numbers (or any other number system) to make differentiation work more easily (or to inject its equivalent and simplify reasoning in the domain), but they are basically linguistic tricks to encode the outcome of a process (global limit-taking) into a word with specific grammar (an infinitesimal variable) that keeps it from getting you in trouble by contradicting the assumptions that hold up the process. The magic that proves that that grammar is clear and tells you how to derive different versions of it for different applications, is called L̸os's theorem, and it is the cornerstone of one of the approaches to Nonstandard Analysis. 

Below that lies the state of what could be wanted, whether or not it might be clear enough to imagine as a fiction. Wishes for states other than reality often fall in this modality. We would like contradictory things that are bothering us not to conflict, but we cannot see how that might happen. This is the optative, the 'should' mode. Laws and other moral concerns often operate in this mode. Idealized rules exist, whether or not they can be followed, and whether or not one can even work out in one's imagination what the effects would be. Mathematics models this mode in proof theory by means of paraconsistency, where arguments can conduct or conserve truth, even though they are not true. 

If uniformities can force themselves upon us without our coming to them ready formed to accept them (or to make them up, when we can't accept the facts without them), then we do not have the assumption of their existence we have some natural sense of their objective existence. That possibility appeals to us so much that it is an obvious basis behind all of our science, and before that, behind all of Western religion. (There is a very good argument, from Whitehead, that the West got to science first not because of our philosophy, but because monotheism, with a focus on unity, enshrines uniformity above other aspects of logic.) 

What you are explicitly asking for is a violation of the principles of equivalence in an equivalence relation, which, of course, won't happen. If one of the dependent things is the property and the other is simply a reciprocal effect, you could just shift the basis of your equivalence and the reverse would be true. So it is better to argue that neither of these would be properties. This notion spreads, and undercuts the notion of properties per se. (I am purposely not referencing this because I think it is a homework assignment, and if you want to reconstitute this argument, you need to find these references for yourself.) Therefore 'exists' is a property of criteria and not of things. If a set of criteria actually describes something, then that thing exists. If the set contains an internal contradiction or some other sort of impossibility, then 'that thing' does not exist. But then, of course that thing is not a thing. In fact, since most logics are algebras in the UA sense, it is ambiguous whether the two are even different. So people seem to be looking for this structure inside Category Theory, which is just one of the three faces of Universal Algebra itself, a domain that, for all its theoretical power, finds limited real application. Why not follow down the idea these are illusions? 'Magic' seems like a separate category to cultures like Europe where rigid monotheism repeatedly overlayed and alienated other religions and pushed them into a secondary status, without eradicating their practices. But if we look at places not overridden by Manicheanized forms of monotheism, it looks less that way. Is praying to Ganesh religion or magic? How about Shinto observances? Or the calendar rituals preserved by Confucianism? 

It should be obvious, if you actually have the first question, that this answer is ultimately silly. But it is parallel to your own logic -- making that equally silly. 

If mathematics is the repository of what all humans can intuitively conceive, then whatever lies behind the material world may or may not be a mathematical structure, but the entirety of what we can ever understand about the external world would be. It makes comparable sense to consider that those particles, being more numerous and more intimately interconnected really might have to 'commune' more in order to 'decide' how to move on -- so time really passes faster for more 'more independent' particles more isolated in space. From an intuitionist point of view, math is the study of human idealizations. And there is no good reason to be surprised that we would, given millions of years of trial and error, evolve a really strong intuition that would allow us to understand a lot of the natural world. Nor that once we had language and adequate time to dwell inwards that we should not be able to unwind those intuitions into precise language forms over thousands of years.