2) Work out what their interests are in the project EDIT - To clarify the question: the need to evaluate a PM's communications skills pertains to both interviews and individual performance management. 

So when communicating bad news, be crystal clear about what it means and what options you have identified to resolve the situation. Project sponsors typically don't have a lot of time and don't appreciate being thrown a problem with no solution in sight. By articulating clearly what the problem means for the project (and the sponsor) and presenting solutions, you give confidence to your sponsor that things can be resolved, you show them that you are proactive and can be trusted, and this is a very effective basis for getting them to actually help you (for example if you need them to make a decision or to exercise their influence to get things going). 

It sounds like you have some great experience to share in seeing this sort of situations happen. Use it: "Company X did a similar project, they spent $1M and had to postpone the brand launch by 6 months. It cost them $3M in lost revenue". This should pique someone's interest and I wouldn't call someone trying to stop a company losing money a "killjoy". I would suggest the following approach on how to communicate in this particular type of situation: Having great communication skills is widely acknowledged as a must-have for any aspiring or seasoned Project Manager, and communications regularly cited as a key success (or failure) factor in projects. I don't recall ever seeing a job advert for a PM that didn't include "outstanding/exceptional/advanced commnunications skills" or a PM candidate who didn't claim they had them. I personnally embrace the idea that the ability of a PM to communicate well can make or break a project. Present your information well, either as part of a formal presentation or in a document; keep it focused on the actual impact/consequences of following a certain path (what if we do it? what if we don't?). Don't drown people with details, especially technical stuff if you are speaking with non-technical people. Translate it for them into impact statements that they can relate to and it's also important to offer alternatives. Use simple language, avoid jargon and acronyms, keep it short and make use of good visuals to support your point of view. 

This may sound obvious, but it's not always so. It's important to be clear about who is the decision-maker and needs to be informed of your assessment of the situation and your recommendation - in other words: who you need to sell it too. Usually it's the sponsor, but you may not have direct access to him/her (in which case you need to communicate first to the person(s) in between), or sometimes it is a whole group of people. 

3) Use your experience and lessons learnt as part of your argument When problems arise, people care about two things: 1) how bad it is, i.e. what is the IMPACT on the project? 2) what you are doing about it, i.e. what is the SOLUTION? In terms of conveying the message, I think that especially in situations where the impact is high, face-to-face communications work best. When you talk to your sponsor, also remember to validate with him/her how the bad news (and the way forward!) should be communicated to the wider project stakeholders' audience (in some cases the message may need to come from the sponsor for example). 

4) Focus on the impact and make your communications as clear and simple as possible You need to gear the communication to what the decision-makers are interested about, what matters to them and will get them to really see the impact of continuing on the wrong path. You have to see it from their perspective. For example, if you're dealing with a Marketing executive, he probably won't care too much about the technical argument (or even understand it) but will be more likely to respond if you tell him that he will not get any returns on his next digital campaign or that his brand will be damaged. By doing this you are focusing on them (not on what you think). But in practice, how do you evaluate a Project Manager's communications skills? What sort of tangible evidence do you look for?