And walk away. Go get a drink of water, go blow your nose, get your coat on, whatever. End the convo. You establish domain. You're kicking the ex out of your house even tho she doesn't live htere. I've mentioned domain in past posts around here, and in situations with a child, it's very important that domain is clear. You diffuse the bully fist called Court. They like to throw that out there. It's like raising a fist. Make sure you have done everything correctly, then call her bluff. You show you believe in something. Do you believe that the child's behaviour is so bad that you're willing to go to court over it? If so, you need to fix it. At no point did I mention 'trying to work it out' with the ex. If she comes to you, then sure... go to a public place and discuss it over dinner where nobody is comfortable yelling or being an asshole. In order to effectively take care of the child, you have got to put your foot down to the ex. You've let her go, now you need to give back the parts that you don't want hangin around anymore... kinda like that slightly burned smell in the air after making grilled cheese sandwiches or when micro-popcorn cooks too much. In my experience, where most parent's fall down is with clarity and consistency. For my part, when talking about their actions, I will usually point out what was done and what happened. I don't tolerate "but i was just" kind of justifications. [tangent: i avoid using the word 'excuses' or derivatives as I believe that it has an inherently negative connotation] When they start coming, I tend to go into 'slam' mode... Last couple things on the relationship... the little one may try to tell mom "I don't want to go over there!" The ex, being manipulative, will tell you guys as much. Your SO just needs to remind her that it's in the divorce settlement. And that's not raising a fist, it's raising a rolled up document. Because if there's anything that a court WILL hear and deal with, it's somebody refusing to abide by their part of the settlement. Depending on the child, I believe 5-6 yrs is appropriate for lessons on consequences and it's relationship to responsibility. I'm sure one of the Pros here can cite materials, but my advice comes from personal experience. This says clearly where the responsibility lies in a very plain and straight-forward manner without dwelling. Conversely, I apply the same technique when talking about positive actions and handing out praise. Balanced reinforcement worked/works for me as a method of teaching responsibility. Which is the ham-handed segue into the topic at hand. What has worked very well for me is reserving spanking only for lying. My kids have known, since they were old enuf to know it, that the one thing that gets your hide tanned is lying to me. 1 swat per year followed by 1 minute per year of time out (really it's a cool down) and then a bit of discussion about why they got it. Consequently, there's not very many spankings in their past, but they don't lie to me either. This 'slams' the door on further 'justifications'. It is usually followed by whatever the consequences need to be. So in the above situation, I'd say my piece, let it soak in for a couple seconds (basically waiting for reaction) and then go on to consequence phase.