In the case of employer group health insurance plans, the purchasing decision is just made at the employer level rather than the employee level. But, since employers usually pay a significant share of the premium for an employer based group health insurance plan, they have a strong incentive to choose a health insurance plan that provides good benefits relative to the premium charged vis-a-vis other employer based group health insurance plans competing for their business in the same marketplace. Therefore, the competitive marketplace still provides a market based means to regulate health insurance premiums. I was unable to discern the state of the law in various tribal courts around the globe, and in Islamic law courts, none of which are derived from either the British system or the European civil law system or China's legal system. A "what if" question asked in a CNN story tries to capture the intuition that the public feels different about black gun ownership (which is comparatively infrequent) and white gun ownership. I have seen myriad social media posts remarking that a black man openly carrying is likely to be shot by police, while a white woman, in contrast, is likely to be the focus of a parley with police trying to defuse a situation in a non-deadly manner. Note that this data implies that roughly 1 life is saved per year per 1000 additional people with health insurance. Scotland has two kinds of non-conviction verdicts: "not guilty" which has double jeopardy effect similar to the U.S. and "not proven" which does not. But, allowing for party switching is valuable for the long term health of the political party system in a democracy. Both in the U.S. and abroad, one of the most common ways for new, viable political parties to come into being is for existing elected officials to change party affiliation to the new political party. The phrase is also responsive to world views such as those of Frank Gaffney Jr., a good friend of former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn, who stated the following views about Muslims in an interview: