The obvious place to look is in Clifford's book or/and his bibliography - but I don't have access to a copy. So if Wittgenstein pointedly rebuffs the positivists of the Vienna Circle, its because they tried to claim him as one of their own having entirely misunderstood him. What covered it and where? What sheltered? To be fair; there are philosophers of the margin - such as Derrida or Deleuze who make a point of representing the margins; but this still appears, generally, in the margins of the West - this is why for example, Badiou can say, in passing, Islam has a great philosophy - but one looks in vain, in his oeuvre, for a real reading of it, by him. The other possible influence is one suggested by Bardis Fifth Postulate, where he writes that Gauss after reaching the University of Gottingen in the early 19C Warhol used Primary colours. Bold outlines and bold themes. By decontextualisating Marilyn Munroe & Chairman Mao one could say he was commenting on the Commodification of Spectacle - by the cinema and the news broadcast - moving on from Debords Society of the Spectacle. His prophetic fifteen minutes of fame has found its fulfillment in the age of facebook, youtube & celebrity. His silent film Blowjob, reflects on the banalisation and repetition of a sex-act, which looks ever-more prophetic in modern western cultures fetishisation of the body to the purely physical locus of the performed sex-act. With those qualifications in mind, the analytic and the continental can indeed be said to sketch out planes of thought, which I would see as perhaps intersecting in a few intriguing places. This seems to fit in with what would be my "instinctual" reading of the maxim, which I was tempted to expand upon in the comments -- that women are the uncomplaining victims of a kind of astonishing biological-cosmic-social conspiracy. The remark, strange as it sounds, is "pro-feminist" in the sense that, as D+G might put it, feminists can never take their "becoming-woman" far enough. I think we definitely miss the point if we reduce the insight here to the level of procreation-filiation, even at the asymptotic limit of giving birth to the "overman" -- here I am tempted to remind us of Derrida's remarks about mothers, especially about "thinking" mothers; he says they are something like the most important thing, the point of his work... In the Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus: And in the Rig-Veda, verse 10.129: In 1870, Clifford, the English mathematician and sometime philosopher wrote the following in his book, On the Space theory of Matter; From Carrolls spacetime and geometry, a textbook on GR ie not a popular account. There are three parts to this generation: the manifold of parts (the lines), the synthesis (the process of make them into the letter 'T'), and the unity (the letter 'T' itself). That this variation in the curvature of space is what is really what happens in that phenomena we call motion of matter. I read somewhere, I think it may even be in a dialogue of Plato, rather than a commentary, but I've forgotten altogether that Plato had a notion of the subconcious. Is there a reference for this somewhere? Still, too - it's worth noting - as a cautionary tale - what Tagore had to say about Indian Philosophy, and Indian chauvinism (he was writing in Bengal, over a century ago) in an essay on education: With those qualifications in mind, the analytic and the continental can indeed be said to sketch out planes of thought, which I would see as perhaps intersecting in a few intriguing places. This seems to fit in with what would be my "instinctual" reading of the maxim, which I was tempted to expand upon in the comments -- that women are the uncomplaining victims of a kind of astonishing biological-cosmic-social conspiracy. The remark, strange as it sounds, is "pro-feminist" in the sense that, as D+G might put it, feminists can never take their "becoming-woman" far enough. I think we definitely miss the point if we reduce the insight here to the level of procreation-filiation, even at the asymptotic limit of giving birth to the "overman" -- here I am tempted to remind us of Derrida's remarks about mothers, especially about "thinking" mothers; he says they are something like the most important thing, the point of his work... There are other issues where the legacy of logical empiricism is still visible. Two different approaches to probability are still under discussion. One of them explores the objective chances of external events; this investigation follows in the tradition of the frequency theory of Reichenbach and von Mises. The second approach has an epistemic conception of probability as exemplified by Carnap. S.L. Zabell summarizes the current situation as follows: