It is basically an epistomological position that recognizes that it is difficult or impossible to determine the truth of many political statements that often involve long chains of inference from objectively determinable facts that can have different answers when considered using different data. The U.S. also has direct military involvement in Afghanistan in which their Taliban opponents who are actively trying to kill U.S. soldiers and U.S. allies and to wrest political control from a U.S. installed civilian government in Afghanistan. These efforts are actively supported by groups in Pakistan's tribal area to which the Taliban fled when it was defeated by a U.S. led coalition in Afghanistan. Dead soldiers are a higher priority than minor diplomatic gains by a country that is neither a true friend nor a true foe (i.e. China). 

So, any determination of who really drafted an executive order has to be based upon surmise from drafting style, from the roster of aides in a position to be given the assignment, and from any available inside sources who have first hand (or second hand or more remote) knowledge of how the executive order actually came to be. 1. Through Congress Congress can pass laws to override an Executive Order, however the laws are subjected to the President's veto. The few instances you listed doesn't really interfere with the election since they're just stating their opinions. 

He was Gerald Ford's running mate and the Vice-Presidential candidate in the 1976 election. This $10 million's "calculated from an October 2016 Government Accountability Office (GAO) estimate of presidential travel costs to Florida" according to an article by Vox. Any such withdrawal shall take effect upon expiry of one year from the date of receipt by the Depositary of the notification of withdrawal, or on such later date as may be specified in the notification of withdrawal. 

As seen on Wikipedia, Donald Trump seems to have signed only 1 executive order and 5 presidential memoranda, as opposed to all being executive orders. 

The full text of the executive order can be found here. (excerpts from this article by Bustle, emphasis mine) That is Bob Dole, the Republican Senate Leader from 1981 to 1996. Article I, Section 7 of the US Constitution states that all legislative powers are vested in Congress. Taxing remittances of illegal immigrants will not raise enough funds for a huge new border wall. 

If Trump's cost of travel stays consistent throughout his entire presidency, he is set to outpace Obama by a long shot. If he stays in office for one term, his travel costs could reach $480 million. A second term could see that price tag skyrocketing to $960 million. In comparison, Obama's travel cost hit a mere $97 million throughout his eight years in the White House. Is he unable to get funding? He relies on small-amount donors and he doesn't hold fundraisers as often unlike Clinton. Credits to @user4012 for pointing out Dole's 1996 presidential campaign. Doesn't big business often give more to Republicans than Democrats, It isn't necessarily true. Wall Street favours Democrats to Republicans. Also, Trump rhetoric has turned off some past donors to the Republicans. Republicans themselves are not particularly happy with their nominee. With all these reasons, Republicans are lagging behind Democrats in fundraising. Why is Trump spending less than Hillary Clinton? There are a few reasons to this: 

Regarding evidence, there's no publicly available evidence that Trump colluded with the Russian government. However, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) released a declassified report in January 2017 regarding its findings that Russia tried to interfere with the election. But he did contribute another $10m to his campaign on Friday. He has promised to self-fund a total of $100 million to his campaign. 

So, since Presidents can veto laws passed by Congress, Trump can still veto the law and it would require 2/3 majority in Congress to override the veto. Yes, it's the first trip made by a US President from Saudi Arabia to Israel directly. George W. Bush made a similar trip in May 2008 as Donald Trump's but in the other way around. Also, if the Russians are successful this time, they would try to interfere in future elections in the West, such as the French presidential election this year. In this way, they would try to elect leaders who are "more friendly" towards them and develop stronger bilateral ties which would benefit them and put them on the world stage. This question is primarily opinion-based to some extent so I've tried to quote as many sources as possible. Any feedback is welcomed in comments. It’s a serious threat. Putin seeks to weaken the US, the EU, and NATO to the degree that they can no longer presume to call the shots without his agreement in international affairs. Since western governments are not ordinarily prepared for such stout challenges to their democracies, they are vulnerable to the weapons of doubt he is employing, mainly creating the impression that there are no indisputable facts, that anything could be true, and that everything is either already compromised, or could be. Since trust is the bedrock of democracy, this threatens social stability across the West. What's the difference between an executive order and a presidential memorandum? 

For example, if John tells someone that he doesn't support Trump compared to Tom hacking a presidential candidate's emails and releasing potentially confidential and private emails that would reveal discussions within the campaign. This would give the public information that they aren't supposed to know.