Sri Lanka was formerly the British Crown Colony of Ceylon, which grew out of an earlier Dutch colony. In 1795, during the Napoleonic Wars, Britain took over control of Sri Lanka's coastlines from the Dutch Republic. The British East India Company was entrusted to administer the area, but it was generally a failure amid revolts and non-cooperation by locals. In 1798, the Lord North was installed as governor to represent the Crown's interests. Edwin Witte was the Executive Director of the Committee on Economic Security, established in June 1934 to work on what would become the Social Security Act. The proposals for providing public health insurance provoked outrage from medical organisations such as the American Medical Association 

Yes, Ronald Reagan frequently denied being racist. 

There were several reasons why this could not or would not happen. 

[1] On paper, the Eastern Zhou (in its early years, at least) was not materially much weaker than its predecessor. Zhou's eastern demesne, around the new capital, was sizable and wealthy. Much of its western demesne, around the old capital, was reconquered by Qin's armies and restored to the royal court within two decades before being squandered as rewards for Jin . 

A mono-metallic, gold standard was introduced only much later by the Coinage Act of 1873. For obvious reasons none of the Founding Fathers had anything to do with it. 

Why is this different from the Directory's establishment? It isn't, not really. As the previous section says, the Thermidorian rise to power with the execution of Robespierre is also considered to have ended the Revolution. What is different with Napoleon, is that he managed to stay in power (with a brief interruption) until definitive general peace in Europe was achieved. By his overwhelming dominance of the period, Napoleon lend his name to both the period and its wars. 

- Ancient Society. Vol. 5-6. Katholieke Universiteit Te Leuven, 1974. 210. Following the eastward move, Zhou's moral authority and general prestige crumbled. But this has less to do with the barbarian invasion itself than one might reasonably think1. As @lins314159 mentioned, King You was killed by a coalition of rebel lords and barbarians led by the Marquis of Shen, father-in-law to King You and grandfather of King Ping. Official attitudes caught up with popular usage by the time of the 1840 convention. That event appears to be the first to be titled the Democratic National Convention. The party did continue to make sporadic references to being Republican, apparently treating it as a synonym. However, by this stage Democratic Party had clearly became the favoured name, a situation reinforced in the 1844 convention. 

But indeed there's a tendency to use simple straight borders when creating a territorial entity from scratch, especially on the basis of longitude and latitudes. We see this in many colonial borders, in America or elsewhere in the various European empires. Due to the way map are usually drawn, this often ends up looking like straight lines. 

- Mommsen, Theodor. "A History of Rome under the Emperors, ed. Thomas Wiedemann, trans. Clare Krojzl." (1996). - Gordon, Colin. Dead on Arrival: The Politics of Health Care in Twentieth-Century America. Princeton University Press, 2009. 2. Neither Emperor nor Shogun would've run out of regular heirs 

Although the Empire had superseded the Republic, the state continued to maintain an illusion of constitutional continuity. It maintained republican daily activities and its rulers (for the most part) avoided monarchical pretences. That the republic had became a monarchy did not mean the Romans were obliged to realised what had happened to their ancient freedoms. While we know it had essentially became a monarchy, I would argue that the situation was familiar enough for a contemporary Roman to hold onto the fiction of a republic. There isn't much to elaborate here. Japanese culture valued the continuation and perpetuation of the clan name. For example, a clan might expand its power by "inheriting" another domain (more of a Warring States era thing). This typically involves a junior son changing his name to the inherited clan's, rather than merge everything into the main title. The inherited clan thereafter became "part of the family", so to speak, despite the different surnames. Granted, this is not undisputed, since most records (where there was any indication at all) seem to suggest both censors agreed on the candidate. One explanation is that the choice belong to one censor, but he is obliged to seek his colleague's consent. Alternatively, it has been theorised that normally, the censors make the appointment jointly, but if the censors could not agree, then the dispute is resolved by lot. Because the medical profession was opposed to it. Roosevelt's administration feared that including the universal health insurance provisions would kill the entire Social Security Act. Given above, therefore, most of Europe were already governed by monarchies even before Rome fell. In fact, the establishment of the Roman Empire converted large swathes of Southern and Western Europe into monarchical rule. - Niles' Register, July 11 1835 Nationalist forces also made gains in Northern China and Manchuria, including parts of Gansu, Shensi, Chihli, and Shanxi (Shansi). Borders were far more complex and fragmented in these regions however, and did not follow provincial lines. The following map of Communist areas in 1946, in dark brown the darkest red (burgundy?), illustrates by way of contrast the irregular extent of Nationalist control in these regions. 

One could also envisage a much longer history of the French Revolution, extended even farther downstream, and ending not before the late nineteenth or early twentieth century. For the entire history of nineteenth-century France can be seen as a struggle between Revolution and Restoration, passing through various episodes in 1815, 1830, 1848, 1851, 1870, the Commune and 16 May 1877. Only the victory of the republicans over the monarchists at the beginning of the Third Republic marked the definitive victory of the Revolution in the French countryside.