As people awaiting the return of the Lord again, the lesson we are to take is that we should be producing fruit at all time. If our hope is to wait to be fruitful until the 11th hour, we better pray Jesus doesn't come at 10:30. 

The birth of Jesus is also only mentioned at all in Matthew and Luke. Following the logic, since only half of the Gospels mention that means we should discard the theory that he was ever born at all. 

Depends on the style guide, but it is a convention to capitalize names of God. 

They might have just screwed up. "Never to attribute to malice where simple incompetence will suffice." 

(For the purposes of this answer, lets not get into all the different ideas of atonement, etc... I'm going for the overview here!) 

The primarily prophetic books would be: Isaiah, Jeremiah, Ezekiel, Daniel, and the Minor Prophets 

In Isa 53, the word you are translating "illnesses" is more often translated as "transgressions" or "iniquities." Both of those words highlight the fact that Jesus took our sins with him on the cross, and by the wounds he suffered, we were healed - from the iniquity of sin. 

The Chicago Manual of Style does not require it, but does acknowledge it. 

13 For you have heard of my previous way of life in Judaism, how intensely I persecuted the church of God and tried to destroy it. 14 I was advancing in Judaism beyond many of my own age among my people and was extremely zealous for the traditions of my fathers. 15 But when God, who set me apart from my mother’s womb and called me by his grace, was pleased 16 to reveal his Son in me so that I might preach him among the Gentiles, my immediate response was not to consult any human being. 17 I did not go up to Jerusalem to see those who were apostles before I was, but I went into Arabia. Later I returned to Damascus. 

All of these are modern inventions for which there was no vocabulary or context in which teaching could be given. (While there were examples of contraceptives in ancient history, the Jewish people don't appear to have used any.) The basis of the teachings of the Catholic church and others comes from arguments of design. God's design of intercourse leads to reproduction--not all the time, of course, but that is certainly a reasonably common outcome. Additionally, there is a specific command given to Adam and Noah to fill the earth and multiply upon it, so taking unnatural action to prevent reproduction seems to go against that to some extent. 

When Jesus prays in John 17, He mentions the glory He had with the Father before the world began. 

No, there are no passages in the New Testament where Jesus even speaks about contraception. Coincidentally, He never mention airplanes, computers, fast food, or cell phones either. :) 

In Protestant Christianity, it is understood that Mary was a virgin until the birth of Jesus, but not after. 

In 1 Corinthians 5:7, Paul refers to Jesus as "Christ, our Passover", suggesting that the Passover of Exodus somehow foreshadowed the life of Jesus. 

Here the implication is that (a) there are infants and even (b) death. 

What made Jesus' teaching unique was precisely the fact that Jesus redefined the notion of Messiah as applying personally and not just politically. 

So, is this a definitive "Yes?" No. It is a speculative theology hopefully just extending existing theology. In the end, my only guess is that all of heaven is "exceedingly, abundantly, more than we could ever ask or imagine." (Eph 3:20.) That's theology I can support! 

Depends on the style guide, but it is a convention to capitalize names of God. 

While this topic is heavily debated, Scripture records an interesting detail in Luke 2. When presented at the table, Joseph and Mary bring the appointed sacrifice: 

In Isa 53, the word you are translating "illnesses" is more often translated as "transgressions" or "iniquities." Both of those words highlight the fact that Jesus took our sins with him on the cross, and by the wounds he suffered, we were healed - from the iniquity of sin. 

In the "Ketuvi'im" or the Writings (Joshua - Song of Solomon), Jesus is most often seen as the target of an allusion. In Song of Solomon, a woman is erotically charged as she comes to greet her lover - and for years the church has insisted this is typical of the relationship between Jesus and his bride. In Psalm 22, a forsaken man cries out, "My God, My God, why have you forsaken me?" the same words that Jesus cries from the cross.