where the 'powder' listing is grains of black powder. 

From The Adventures of Captain Bonneville, U.S.A., in the Rocky Mountains and the Far West..., Volume 2 By Washington Irving, Benjamin Louis Eulalie de Bonneville(pg 449) 

Concerning the second part of your question, From a web page concerning western history:Traders, Trappers, and Mountain Men 

The target selection process had been going on for some time. A lot of documents are available and the discussion on narrowing down the city to be bombed can be read National Security Archive-George Washington University. This defines Hiroshima 

The original story, written and published in 1837, was from Bonneville's notes and maps concerning his Expedition of 1832. 

Not as many as you might think. 

The context, the time of 1862, is what caused the inclusion of the military training clause to gain support and overcome earlier rejections: 

So we can see the hours worked by Carnegie steel employees varied from 8 hour days from 1879-1882 (depending upon the site) though 1888 ,and shifted back to 12 hour days after 1888. 

From History of Alaska by Bancroft: 

Since the firearm came out right at the time of the earliest smokeless powder production, which was originally used in military weapons, it is likely the first rounds fired through it were black powder rounds. ... 

The Wikipedia article on Bainbridge says this, (with a source listed as The Pirate Coast, Richard Zachs): 

On a guess at what you don't have, here's some excerpts: 

and this entry from Yale Law School discusses the military significance of Hiroshima: 

If we look at the entire passage you indicate: 

This is calling for direct action to correct the situation, affirmative in that a positive change in the employment ratios was ordered to take place. Look at the list of actions in the rest of the paragraph: 

Between government need for new weapons and technologies, and the retooling of production lines to produce more bullets and less butter, there are opportunities for innovation. Innovation makes more efficient uses of the available resources and deepens the capital pool dramatically. Furthermore, during wartime, innovation is easier. In normal conditions there are always opponents to innovation, because innovation is never Pareto Efficient. War lowers the commitment to Pareto Efficiency and makes innovation easier to implement. A full explanation of this phenomenon would probably require a small essay. 

A Maryland paper as quoted in "The Opposition Press of the Federalist period" 

Wars may cause famines, and the government may choose to address those famines; if the government does, it will continue to stimulate the economy, but the ability of the government to make such choices are constrained by the deficit spending to fund the war. But now we're well outside the scope of OP's question. 

Second, there is the question of whether they have any value? Whether they have ever saved the day. I strongly suggest that you not ask this around a Marine; I try not to insult people who make a habit of charging into machine gun fire. There are many possible responses, but I would suggest that you might want to google terms like Shores of Tripoli or perhaps China Marine, or John "magnet ass" Glen. 

The new country was also a Republic - a type of government that was effectively untested (my Dutch ancestors force me to qualify the statement), and there was widespread doubt that the government could be effective - the rest of the world employed some form of Monarchy to maintain order and property rights, and the notion of giving a bunch of debtors the right to vote themselves money from the public purse was perceived as quite insane.