Senator Reid's interpretation seems to be correct. The Congressional Research Services report states: 

Having funds available isn't the problem, they cannot spend money that hasn't been authorized by Congress under the Antideficiency Act 

Ronald Reagan thought this apology was sufficient when asked. 

Two attorneys sued a legal databases for copyright infringement: 

Section 2709.: to include them in Section 2715 [Uniform Definitions] & 2718 [Ratio & Refunds] 

Then again, during President Obama’s August 9, 2013, news conference at the White House (Full audio and transcript here), he was asked the following question: 

The official Public Law isn't available on THOMAS yet, but CNN, the Washington Post, other news outlets all link to what appears to be the 35 page Senate Amendment to the House appropriations bill. You will be interested in pages 24-25. It essentially suspends the debt ceiling until February 8, but only to pay obligations incurred before that date. 

They also note that renunciation of citizenship won't in itself shield you from taxes, military service, or other financial obligations: 

Guns are durable goods. Once purchased, they stay around for a long time. As this Freakonomics podcast pointed out there are over 300 million firearms already in circulation in the United States - nearly one for every person in the country. With only 10 million purchases in a given year, the truth is that restricting purchases simply won't have any effect for a long time to come. As a result, the class of citizens potentially being denied will skew heavily towards classes that haven't been here for a while, potentially making those classes less secure than their otherwise gun-toting brethren. 

The 12th Amendment is saying that the President and Vice President need to come from different states - not that the electors cannot vote for the "home state" candidate. Indeed, on average, most candidates receive their home state votes, and for much of the 19th century, this regional advantage was often considered when choosing candidates. 

In a nutshell, this says that each chamber needs to adopt its own rules. And, at the beginning of each session, they do. The rules of the House for example, are here. The first order of business is to elect a speaker, the second is to adopt the rules. The rules are usually written by the majority (although with the knowledge that one day, the tables will be turned), and agreed to by the house. A simple majority is all that is required. 

Additionally, as we all know, the Lemon Test prohibits the United States government from enacting laws that "have the primary effect of either advancing or inhibiting religion." 

Rightly or wrongly, SCOTUS never intervened in either direction - neither requiring the President to use funds nor limiting Congress when it sought to curb the power of the Presidency. 

In order to avoid the prohibition in the 12th amendment, Cheney had to quickly change his residency back to Wyoming (and sell his property), in order to avoid a lawsuit that had been filed. Eventually, a three-judge panel ruled that Cheney was, in fact, resident in Wyoming. 

The subsequent law that modifies the ACA, only include 3 instances of grandfathered health plan, none of which determine status: 

According to Twitter, you own your tweets (although, it might be the case that they have a license to use or allow others to reuse your work indefinitely). 

Same Sex Marriage just isn't a key issue for most voters. Take California, which you would think would have a high level of support for SSM, but 75% of Californians didn't consider it a key issue and of the 20 percent who would only vote for a candidate that shared their view it was split 50:50 for/against SSM. 

-What constitutes an assault weapon? 

The official Public Law isn't available on THOMAS yet, but CNN, the Washington Post, other news outlets all link to what appears to be the 35 page Senate Amendment to the House appropriations bill. You will be interested in pages 24-25. It essentially suspends the debt ceiling until February 8, but only to pay obligations incurred before that date. 

It is important to remember North Korea's attitude as well. Officially, the Korean War in the 1950's never ended. What the world has been living with is actually a 60-year ceasefire. North Korea and the United States are still technically at war with each other. 

To understand why the issue is so complex in America, you have to frame the conversation in the context in which both sides understand the issue: (Note that I am using the terms "Pro-Life" and "Pro-Choice" even though different groups call them by different labels) 

I'm no fan of Comcast or Time Warner Cable. There's a reason that people continually vote them as the worst company in America. But the point is that it's not like they just had this brilliant idea a couple of years ago to use their monopoly powers to put the screws to content providers like Google and Netflix. They've been trying to do that since the 1990's. They're the same evil, greedy mega-corporations they've always been. And yet, here you are, reading this post on your browser or your phone, for the same price that you're paying for all the other tabs and applications you have open right now. 

Your question presumes that China has any right to "respond" to anything. If China flew military planes over Guam or sailed military vessels into the territorial waters surrounding Guam, that would be a bona-fide incursion into U.S. territory. The U.S. wouldn't likely respond with force, but it certainly would be an international incident.