Or the length of your rides? Can you ever see yourself going on multi-day tours? If not, then again a road bike may suit, but if so maybe you should consider a bike that could more easily carry luggage? I don't necessarily mean a hybrid here, check out touring bikes perhaps? 

Incidentally I have a Giant TCR Advanced and think it is superb. I have no experience of the Defy but if the workmanship is like the TCR I doubt you'd be disappointed. 

Innovations, without doubt, will appear on higher-end bikes first. You'll have already read that the last big bang, electronic shifting, appeared in the Tour de France in 2009. But you still won't find electronic shifting on most road bikes. This is simply because it hasn't been made cheap enough yet. So if you really are looking at a $2k bike, you're still waiting for this development to trickle down. 

Within the road bike genre, there are obviously many different styles of bike. As I say, one of my bikes is an audax bike. Audaxes are road events that are long (can be hundreds of km), so whilst they are still road bikes, they're built so the rider will be comfortable in the saddle for several hours. They also take place in the winter, so bikes will usually have things like mudguards, also I fitted a rack to mine to go touring with panniers, so something like that may be an option for you. 

This was a new one to me, I've not known any other bike to have this and, as far as I can see, tyre manufacturers don't make front and rear tyres - they're just tyres! So my next question was, "what's the difference?" 

A double chainset will be what gives rise to your existing 14 gears (2 rings at the front, 7 cogs at the back), or the 20 gears (2 x 10) you've seen. In fact both Shimano and Campagnolo (I'm not sure about SRAM, but these three manufacturers dominate the market) now produce 11-cog rear cassettes, which would give rise to 22 gears. But 11-speed cassettes are at the high end of their respective product ranges, and 10-speed is far more common. 

I've also heard it argued that it's advantageous as regards making your technique smoother, but I don't think that's particularly proven. But no personal experience, I've never really concentrated on my technique to that extent. 

But to stress, these mechanisms are much of a muchness in terms of what they do, so choosing one over another is mostly down to personal preference. As you might imagine, though, one manufacturer will deliberately make their cleat/pedal tech different to other manufacturers, so in general you can't mix and match brands. (Although there are exceptions here too, you see some "Look Keo compatible" cleats on the market). But generally, this incompatibility also applies to different ranges within the same brand. For example, Look have two ranges (Delta and Keo) which are totally incompatible with each other. So you can see, you do kind of get sucked into a particular choice....