I would take a windbreaker, long pants and a shirt, underwear, toiletries, phone charger, phone and wallet. That's about it. Wash your cycling knicks every night and dry them on the end of your bed if there's no other facilities. If you have light cotton pants and shirt they crumple up to very little space. As Renesis pointed out in comments, while google maps is pretty good at navigation, you do need to select the "bicycle" option rather than the default car one. Otherwise you'll be stuck at the first autobahn you come to when you get to the "no bicycles past this point" sign :) But your route is likely to be somewhat longer than 500km, but significantly more scenic. To fit 700c (ISO 622) wheels into a bike built for 27" (ISO 630) you only need to shift the rim brake pads down 4mm. If you're exceptionally lucky your current brakes will have enough reach and you'll just have to adjust the pads. That's the first thing to check, because if that doesn't work there's no way you're going to do this on a $50 budget. 2" wide tyres should be ok on the 700c rims. Not ideal, and probably outside the manufacturers specifications, but it should work. I've done that with 406 wheels before and it's worked pretty well. Also, make sure you have a fork for it. Most likely a 1" threaded head tube, 622mm or 630mm fork. If it doesn't come with one it's very important that the first thing you acquire is a suitable fork. In the event you can't get one you would need to get one custom built and that will be expensive (this will most likely be because the forks you can find that fit look ugly because they're cheap). Best to make sure you can get that custom fork if you need it, before even buying the frame. Once the other car is in front of you generally the law and the legal system both suggest you need to give way to the car. In some places motorists technically need to give way to cyclists in the same lane or a bike lane, but that's something that the court will decide after the fact. It's IMO rude for a motorist to overtake you then turn, but it's going to be hard to prosecute even if you have a camera on your bike or helmet (you're relying on motorists in the legal system to have sympathy for the cyclist who ran into a car). If you can't make the brakes work I suggest buying the fattest 27" tyres that will fit your tubes, which is likely to be 1 3/8". I'm sure I've seen 1 1/2" x 27" tyres but I can't find any now. No. 531 is a frame material from which any type of bike can be built. It's actually Reynolds 531 a brand name, from which different tubesets are made and they have also sold small quantities of raw tubing as well as custom butted tubes. That exact tubing is now somewhat dated, they sell newer compositions with different numbers now. If you can get the 700c wheels to work, I'd go with a 38mm tyre rather than 42 or 48, just because I'm really wary of damaging the tubes. I assume on your budget you can't afford to carry a spare. But really, if you're doing a ride of any length I think you should buy at least one spare, unless it's a ride you can bail out of and get someone to carry you and your bike home. Even a cheap, shitty spare tube is better than nothing. personally I would cheap out on the tyres in order to buy a couple of tubes. It's not worth going out on a ride and having to go home because your old tubes give out.