Appendices A and B of The Official History of the Canadian Army in the First World War show that the divisions of the Canadian Corps were composed of three infantry brigades, plus divisional artillery and headquarters sections, throughout their deployment in France. In turn, these brigades were each composed of 4 battalions throughout their deployments. As noted here annual forage yield of meadow steppe is about 2000 kg/ha; of typical steppe about 900 kg/ha; and even desert steppe yields 200 kg/ha. Thus the area required to support Genghis's cavalry for a campaign ranges between 500,000 to 1,000,000 ha, or 5,000 to 10,000 km^2. A single day's forage could be found in an area of 20 to 40 km^2, which seems quite a reasonable campground size for an army of 100,000 cavalrymen. Of course, given this forage requirement, it is no surprise that Genghis's army moved so rapidly - if it didn't it was going to starve. ;-) Following the madness of Henry Vi in 1453, and the concurrent reduction of English continental holding to Calais, the War of the Roses breaks out and the English nobility are distracted for another generation with the English succession. By the conclusion of that conflict at Bosworth Field in 1485, the French monarchy has succeeded in forming the first real continental nation state, and English claims to the French throne have been reduced to absurdity. 

Let's do the math: 100,000 mounted archers * 4 horses each * 10 kg/day * 250 days/campaign = 1,000,000,000 kg of forage required each campaign. Churchill himself in The Grand Alliance (page 232) lists attendance and evacuees in Greece as follows (from which my calculations give total evacuees and casualties on the last two lines): First Gulf War (explicitly about Kuwait); Second Gulf War (unfinished business from FGW); the Iran-Iraq war; U.S. entry to World War 2 (conflict over access to Indonesian oil after embargo of U.S. oil); The War of Austrian Succession (conflict over Silesian Coal), The Seven Years War (simply a continuance of the latter). Update: This atlas of Belgium (Austrian Netherlands) prepared by Ferraris between 1770 and 1777 for Marie Antoinette shows numerous small coal mines. There are several between Ligny and St. Amand on map #97 - Gembloux, and another south of the village of Waterloo, in the woods west of the main road. As the infamous Sand Pit near La Haye Sainte does not exist on these maps, it s possible that it too was a small coal mine excavated between 1777 and 1815. The size is right. Prior to the Industrial Revolution, the world's only significant sources of Energy were manual and animal labour fueled by food supplies. In much of the Third World today that statement remains true. Therefore any distinction between Wars over food resources and other sources such as Oil and Coal is an artificial one, and equivalent to Wars between modern industrial countries, and their clients, post-1740 or so. Yes, all my links are to Wikipedia - but this is an analysis question and I cannot think of any facts that are in dispute. The question is really about how best to interpret the accepted facts to deepen understanding of underlying causes and inter-relationships. 

Also the Battle of Leipzig, October 16-19, 1813, was fought over four days, longer than any (non-siege) battles that I know of in the American Civil War.