One thing that seems to be missing from the discourse, or at least the discourse of the Taylor Swifts and Metallica's of the world, is that the royalties model of compensation for musicians is the exception not the norm. The idea of musicians getting filthy rich off of royalties from record sales will likely go down in history as an odd fluke of the 2nd half of the 20th century more, not a paradigm shift in the way musicians should be compensated. For example, here are search results on the Harvard Divinity Schools web site: Paul Churchland goes further and claims that mental states don't exist at all. Everything in the world is physical, and the only reason we need mental descriptions is because our science is not advanced enough to describe our brain adequately, in the same way that ancient people used magic and powerful gods to describe physical and astronomical phenomena that now we can explain using purely physical facts. Am I correct in thinking that established academic philosophers don't take non-Abrahamic Western religions in general and neopagan religions in particular seriously? If this is the case, what are the reasons? Other than number of adherents, are there any epistemic grounds for taking Christianity or Hinduism more seriously than Wicca? Have any academic philosophers engaged with neopagan beliefs? Has anyone examined neopagan ideas from either ethical or ontological perspectives? Or have they tried to critically deconstruct them, going beyond a mere dismissal of them as being fiction or an interesting social trend? If I read the following correctly, then it's not Korsgaard's goal to tell us how to behave in a society. She tells us that to conform to a constitution means to make collective action possible in the first place, and later she will, just as Plato, transfer this back to the person and its faculties/soul. Nonetheless, I wonder if her modernisation of Plato can carry the argument. Therefore the question: Is usurping the office of another in a society that might be described as not yet just unjust in the same way it would be in the perfect polis? I don't think so. What I do have so far are the papers by Wood, Husami and Nielsen (as well as others) and the Oxford book by Buchanan, Marx and Justice: The Radical Critique of Liberalism. Studying Kant's Perpetual Peace I happened to notice the concept of adiaphora. Further investigations brought up almost nothing: There are several references to adiaphora in Kant's work that clearly contradict each other. Also, if you happen to know by heart where in the Critique of Pure Reason Kant addresses that topic (I suppose it has something to do with his rejection of the ontological proof of god, but I don't remember where I read that), please let me know. Now, considering that the polis Plato has in mind is arranged perfectly, and thus just, somebody who "meddles with what isn't her own" is being unjust. But having bought that, are we already, without further steps, buying that the same goes for acting against the constitution of, say, the US? Doesn't the assessment of a person's act as unjust mainly depend on the installation of justice in the society that person is acting in? For that would mean that it might not be unjust to non-conform with the constitution of an unjust society. I'm not surprised by that statement, I'm just wondering if that's really an established dilemma, as it's depicted here, and if somebody knows of any papers addressing it in more detail, so I can do some reading on that.