You cover a lot of ground in your question, and at points it's hard to really figure out what your question is. It seems your major question is: If physicalism is true and determinism (at least on a Newtonian level) is true, then yes, a machine theoretically could be designed in a way you describe and thus considered a "person". Phsyicalism as you may know is the idea that (stated most simply) "everything is physical". Determinism is the idea that everything has a cause; nothing is uncaused. In other words, given the way things are at time t, the way things progress thereafter is fixed as a matter of natural law. Under these views the human mind and all human behavior is just the result of a causal chain of prior physical occurrences in the brain. This, in fact, brings us to the realization that the brain itself is a machine; sure it's not made of metal and wiring but the same kind of complex feedback loops and processing occurs. Update: I wanted to add to my answer to also provide another refutation to the main concern that you seem to be having regarding existence as a predicate. You write: Kant's principle only applies to the maxim of your action. Eating a potato in and of itself is not a maxim nor does it involve any kind of moral action. But yes, if Kant's principle did not state this requirement, there would be numerous ways using non-maxims to "foil" Kant's principle. This paragraph is somewhat challenging to parse; it's clear he wants to say that a time-determination is that which connects the gap between sensible intuitions and pure concepts, but it's still not obvious how that works. Wikipedia has a small section on it, although from some quick searching it's not clear Kant ever actually answered this in a completely satisfactory manner. It seems others have suggested before that this is a problem Kant never fully solved. For Kant, the answer is transcendental schema. To start, Wikipedia gives a decent overview: At this point, we've thus already answered your question. If the human brain is itself a machine, then of course we think machines can be seen as a "person". But if you insist that by "machine" you mean something other than man, then still, yes, it is theoretically possible to replicate the human mind using non-organic parts as long as you maintain the same logical feedback loops and the like. The content/structure (brain matter, cells, chemicals vs. metal circuits, electricity, etc.) does not matter in a deterministic system, only the logic they produce matters. How do pure concepts interact with sensible intutions? To start from the beginning: The pure concepts of understanding are a priori, and thus not abstractions from our perceptions. They are not derived from empirical concepts but rather they are intrinsic to the way our minds are formed. For anything to be thought in our minds, a pure concept must have at some point formed it into something coherent for us. I will state that again to be clear: Only when an a posteriori sensible intuition is translated via the pure concepts of understanding can an object or thought exist in our minds. Anything you think has to have gone through the categories. I think you are mixing up the theoretical reasoning used to determine whether an action moral, and the outcomes should XYZ actions actually occur. In other words, Kant's principle determines moral correctness through theoretical situations; the resulting action taken is outside the scope of his principle. For example, the classic example Kant uses in Groundwork is of a person who seeks to borrow money without intending to pay it back, whereupon he contends that a maxim of this action could not possibly be held as a universal law of nature because then no one would ever lend money anymore. This scenario he raises and his reasoning behind it remains valid whether or not there are actually other people alive to borrow money from. You may be the last person alive in the world, or just currently hiking alone in the desert, or even just mowing the lawn by yourself with no one around to lend you money — but just because you cannot currently find a person to borrow money from or find a potato to eat doesn't mean Kant's principle is flawed. It asserts action only in situations where applicable; that is, if you are in a situation where you can borrow money, or if you are in a situation where you can eat a potato, then you ought (or ought not) to, etc. If the last potato is eaten, you will no longer be in the situation the maxim describes and thus the principle no longer applies to you.