[In this connection the term "world view" ("Weltanschauung") is often used; we p refer to avoid it because of its ambiguity, which blurs the difference between attitude and theory, a difference which is of decisive importance for our analysis.] 

Long explanation (by Carnap himself) The whole point is clearly stated by Carnap in his paper on the "Elimination of metaphysics through logical analysis of language" (1932), esp. ยง7 "Metaphysics as expression of an attitude towards life": 

Or, as Gottfried Gabriel once put it: 

That's not the case. You are somehow mixing together the first and the second incompleteness theorem and drawing a misleading conclusion. Briefly put: 

The first theorem proves that all consistent axiomatic formulations of number theory which include Peano arithmetic (or stronger) include undecidable propositions. 

Our conjecture that metaphysics is a substitute, albeit an inadequate one, for art, seems to be further confirmed by the fact that the metaphysician who perhaps had artistic talent to the highest degree, viz. Nietzsche, almost entirely avoided the error of that confusion. A large part of his work has predominantly empirical content. We find there, for instance, historical analyses of specific artistic phenomena, or an historical-psychological analysis of morals. In the work, however, in which he expresses most strongly that which others express through metaphysics or ethics, in Thus Spake Zarathustra, he does not choose the misleading theoretical form, but openly the form of art, of poetry. 

I am afraid that Searle will object that the zombie's "intentionality" is parasitic on our own: we say that x "means" y to the zombie because we project ourselves onto it, along with that precious "true" intentionality of ours. But the zombie only "learns" to repeat it mindlessly, it really is just a brick wall that moves. In contrast, the empiricist school (Sellars, Davidson, Dennett) argues that our intentionality is a zombie intentionality, and the strategy is to give a plausible account of how we come to believe, historically and developmentally, that it is more. Sellars's Myth of Jones is an influential hypothetical reconstruction of that. 

According to Aristotle, form is what brings matter, the potentiality, to actuality. Aristotle applied this to everything from shapes to souls, and scholastics followed him, e.g. Aquinas defines soul as "the first principle of life in living beings... not a body, but an actuality of a body, just as heat, which is the principle of heating, is not a body, but a certain actuality of a body". And like Aristotle, he likens soul of the body to the unmoved mover of the cosmos. So this is not the kind of form we associate today with a supervenient "shape". Even replacing the whole body piece by piece, like the ship of Theseus, would not be an obstacle to keeping its soul more or less intact. Nor is this soul specifically attached to the brain, here is from Aquinas's Summa Theologiae: 

The answer depends on the definition of "causal", but traditional metaphysics did not require causal relation to be temporal. The most famous counterexample is the relation between God and the world in Christian theology modeled on the relation between One and the world in the neo-Platonism of Plotinus. God or One are eternal/atemporal and do not even exist, their being logically precedes existence and time that flow from it, i.e. they cause the temporal world to exist. Kant modeled the relation between his atemporal self, which exercises free will, and empirical self inserted into phenomenal causal chains that play out in time on this theological causality, but he would not use the word "cause" in this context. 

The quote describes what Brouwer calls the first act of intuitionism, the splitting off of discrete from the comprehensive intuition of which discrete and continuous are idealized poles. 

The meta-argument you attribute to Spinoza is closely related to the rule-following regress considered by Wittgenstein in Philosophical Investigations. To apply a rule in a particular situation we first have to interpret what it means, he muses. But then we need another rule to make the interpretation, and another, and another. We can no more apply a rule, it seems, than a runner can start running in Zeno's Dichotomy. Nonetheless, we do manage to follow rules, we read, we write, we play chess (and runners do run). Therefore, concludes Wittgenstein, "there is a way of grasping a rule which is not an interpretation". 

The problem is with "express". You can easily write "Thou shalt not not-give to charity every day" or even replace "not-give" with a synonym like "shun", from mathematical/logical point of view there is no difference between positives and negatives. What you need is a more robust notion of "positive action" to distinguish between command and prohibition, e.g. a system where rejection is not expressed by logical negation, and "negative facts" are established independently. Bremer discusses such frameworks in Assertion and Rejection: