Notice the words ‘One and Only’. In this sense under a new meaning of prophecy, after the high official office ended, everyone prophecies by experiencing the Spirit and some may also (at least in those days) have a gift to predict future things by that same Spirit. When it comes to the details obviously God does not lead a person to decide if it God’s will to brush his teeth, or other detail like that. God’s will is very wide open; he may even leave your career to you. To marry, or not to marry, is even your choice. The Bible is filled with ‘God’s perfect and detailed will’ and it is very hard for us to live it. ‘Love your neighbor as yourself’. He wants us to use our 'brains' in devotion to the service of others in love. Is there any other ‘will’ of God? Do we really need to seek Him in prayer to find out what that is? Although this might seem less harsh than a sacramentalists position, many Calvinists have since created alternate views. The problem is that in Calvin’s view some infants were also predestined to hell and that contrary to Calvin, it does not seem possible to many people that infants can have faith. For many Calvinists this seems as harsh as the sacramentalists, in terms of reconciling God’s justice with his love. Therefore many modern Calvinists are not strictly Calvinistic. The classic Bible verse to clearly declare that Jesus was the only-begotten son of God before the incarnation is John 1:1-2, declaring Jesus to be fully God, eternally with his Father. As God's anger is not an attribute of God it must be a result of an attribute and I've never encountered anyone not attributing it to his justice. As a result of full pardon we can be cleansed in particulars that bother our conscience (without any requirement of a work, of course) by simply directly confessing our sin to our only high priest, Jesus; As our prayers are more frequently made to the Father, we often say 'Dear God' meaning 'Father'. The Father as the originator within the Trinity is the giver of gifts including the Son and the giving of the Spirit, so it is naturally that the normal pattern is to pray to The Father whom we seek help and aid. But although this is the more common pattern the scripture does refer to Jesus as simply 'God' and so we could also pray to the Lord Jesus and say 'God' if we want, it just probably does not happen frequently because when we think of the Son we think of Him as the incarnate God and so we also think of him as a man also. These prophets are represented as having an ‘experience of God’ so that it is more ecstatic then it is necessarily predicting the future. In this sense even inspired worship, even through just instruments at times, in this experience of God is prophecy. The musicians were called to prophecy under this sense of the word: First, the Bible early on indicating who a prophets was: This question is asking for the Biblical basis of the second option as opposed to the first and ideally includes infants in the womb.. The evolved and gradual revealing of the deity starts out with the concept of 'God' based on original words that imply power. God was a word secular society also used. It seems to mean the divine being, regardless of wether he is the true God or not. The Bible defines this divine being as actually only One, that is in contrast to all the many gods of the pagans. The concept developed at the time of Moses is that this 'God' is Jehovah (or Lord) which means I AM, the One God defined as he who alone is eternally before all things. In other words anyone born in the sinful nature is in ‘entirely sinful.’ This means they can’t do anything good but are totally depraved. There is another difference in the New Testament that carries the word ‘prophecy’ into a new sense. Unlike the Old Testament where the Prophets had high authority and who alone seemed to have the Spirit, in the last days this role would change. Upon the ending of that high role, some aspects of it, namely the experience of the Spirit and even gifts of seeing God’s will for our current situation and even in Acts and other places a gift of prophecy that could predict future events was long foretold by Joel: Both deviations from Calvin's view seem to be based on the belief that an infant can't have faith and that this is more or less common sense. Having clarified what God's anger is in the bible as clearly understood by any who read it, the question becomes wether or not God's punishment of sin as described by the word 'anger' is an accommodation or not, beyond the normal sense in which everything in scripture to a degree must be an accommodation to humans as it is written in human language. In other words is God's anger an accommodation more so then say for example, God's patience or God's eternal councils?