Perhaps the biggest differences are in the dialog between the player character and their follower when playing solo. When interviewed about it, one of the Blizzard devs said that he particularly enjoyed the dynamic between the Scoundrel and the female Wizard. As LessPop mentioned in your original question, it is much better to create Mules (level 1 alternate characters) to "increase" your "stash" size than actually upgrading your stash, so give your gold to Haedrig, and let your stash lie languid until you're raking in more gold than you know what to do with. Yes, this is one of the Jewler's abilities. It does cost gold, however, with more gold the higher the level of gem involved. Bashiok is a rare Fallen Shaman mob who can be randomly found (or not found) In Dalghur Oasis and the unique title: "Death is not the End". 

The individual stories for the classes (the parchment-style cutscenes that play on the completion of most major quests) also vary between the genders. Many of the rest of the changes were released in patch 2.0.1, and while it was released in preparation for the expansion, they are not related, and everyone who owns the base game will be able to enjoy their benefits (as you and your friends have experienced). Diablo III Base Game According to Blizzard, the Artisan cannot add sockets, and the game guide is erroneous (to be updated in the future): 

Level 70 is tied to the upcoming expansion, Reaper of Souls (as is the Crusader class and a few other things). 

Feared: Running in fear, unable to take action or control direction of movement. 

Chilled: Snared + Attack Slowed Rooted: Unable to move from your current position. Knockback: Physically moves the target away from the origin of the attack. 

Since the blacksmith is shared between all your softcore characters, investing in the blacksmith on your first character means he will be already trained for your successive characters. Diablo III has a handful of merchants, but for the most part, they are named for your convenience. Specifically, only merchants known as, "... the Fence" will sell you "Trinkets", which include both amulets and rings. They will show up on your minimap as "Fence". Things like attending BlizzCon, where only a few thousand people can attend, is a Feat of Strength. Unlike Diablo II, there is no input required to assign stats on level-up. It's just free stats that happen the same for everyone! 

If you're not satisfied after killing him in game, you can also hunt him down on twitter. 

The only difference between the gendered classes are aesthetics, both in visual appearence, and in audio voiceovers / text. (Mostly pronouns) 

Feats of Strength show up in other Blizzard Battle.net 2.0 games. Both Starcraft 2 and World of Warcraft Feature them. 

Level up the blacksmith. Crafting lets you get the items you are looking for instead of suffering the callous hand of the Random Number God. I know that it's possible to sell gold, items, and consumables on the various Auction Houses within Diablo 3. But don't take my word for it, this is straight from Blizzard CM Bashiok: 

Act I: Radek the Fence Radek the Fence is in the Nortwest part of Tristram, on your way towards the Northwest gate. World of Warcraft (a small Blizzard game you may have heard of) works in a similar way, with a "pre-expansion patch" that contains the major system changes that were decided to be released alongside the expansion. If you're not interested in getting the item back, you can salvage an item for the same result. Stat allocations are based on class, and are the same across all players. 

Stunned: Rooted, and unable to attack. 

Of course there are plenty of people who want each of the Feats of Strength, but the reason why they aren't Achievements, and don't provide Achievement points, is due to the limited-time, invite only, or simply impossible nature of obtaining them. 

What this means, is that Blizzard has a way to acknowledge or commemorate players at certain times and events without affecting the number of earnable achievement points.