Given one says that the ego is 'behind' consciousness one cam visualise this as a plane behind which stands the ego, and because which ever way we look this is true, it is better modelled by a band or a sphere. To return to analytic philosophy, a key departure is Frege notion of a concept and object: Sartre argues that the 'ego is for consciousness. The ego is "out there" in the world'. There monads are all simple substances - they cannot be broken down any further; they make up the world or cosmos: human souls, atoms of matter and spacetime, and God. Newton appears to take rays to be coloured. The translation is a little unfortunate in that on is not the best preposition to use here - it's not how this preposition is used in English - at least not now; it's better changed to by; and then we get: Qualia seems to have a roughly similar semantic range. That is qualia is the embodied perception and not its theoretical cognate. For example the purple of a purple grape has a particular wavelength of light. But it isn't this we perceive - we perceive purple. ie the fruit of the seed breeds true from the seed; hence mutantcy can only occur there, that is in the seed. To show your thesis we need to knock out A) and C). Is Popper just grumbling here - or is his attack serious? (As an aside, does Heidegger acknowledge the possibility of Being for which Being is not a problem? For if there is no such Being, why bring that distinction, is it only for distinction?) I do not mean that there are philosophical positions on the theory of mind (as there most certainly are), but that philosophising must be part of the theory of mind, with a natural 'osmotic' unwilled component (which would have a genealogical willed process), and a willed component. In the SEP, on its discussion of ancient theories of the soul, they say: One can speculate, that the world is also mirrored in us physically; we open our eyes, we see; we see a world that is but what is there; this mirror is in our genealogy, not personally, as such, but in our evolutionary genealogy; the mirroring occurring through millenia. I'm more familiar with continental work rather than analytical, so I'll start there. Kant had a notion of concept: By this tactic he avoids the 'representational' epistemology of Kant. A final possibility, I would suggest it is that the problem is not being solved but being eliminated. There is a difference between the two. One might eliminate dealing with this particular moral problem by eliminating your friend - but that's probably uncalled for. The argument by your friend is obviously wrong, in the way identified by Plato in the Sophist; though to be fair to this tradition one might suggest dealing with an argument of this type as a kind of training in rhetoric and debate. C) or by some intermediary (ie for an AI, a factory of a kind is what I mean by an intermediary) Although evolution in the contemporary scientific project lacks 'purpose'; Aristotle when he discussed evolution in both Physics, and Metaphysics dismissed evolutionary theory as incomplete as he regarded this as a flaw; one can regard Hegels Philosophy as addressing this (in vague and crude terms) the universe attains increasing self-awareness. In this context, the 'gradient of evolution makes sense'. What they show is that given that freewill (in the large) - and without delineating its character - that there is a certain kind of indeterminism in the small, which had not been noted before; and that: Putting a twist into this band or sphere turns it into a mobius strip or klien bottle, and turns inside and outside into one smooth space: the ego is deposited outside, or the outside comes inside. Your friend appears to have adopted the mathematical vs intuitive frame of argumentation and justification; there is a quote from Pascals Pensees that is useful here: Thus they claim, further, that this rules out hidden-variable theories of the Bohmian type, which (they imply) employ exactly these models of stochasticity to provide a model for the indeterminism associated with measurement. And what goes for teeth can go for other natural kinds. This can be usefully compared to a cosmology that has come down to us from Antiquity, and possibly an inspiration for it: this is Lucretious theory of atoms. For thesis three in the Monadology states: Aristotle, in his discursive style, a precursor to the academic style today, introduces the possibility of chance being a cause; and he offers an example: 2) is this reproduction neccesarily sexual. Another possible solution is that this is no solution because certain background assumptions are made in a moral problem of this kind which are generally accepted; and an argument which violates these background assumptions in a way is playing outside the rules; or just breaking them. Though of course we have a very good theory of the full spectrum, such that we have infra-red cameras; all this in essence is doing is translating the infra-red phenomena laterally into the visible part of the spectrum. It doesn't tackle the fundamental question of other possible colour qualia. Or is there an argument that rules it out? The Turing test takes a functionalist view of intelligence. Quite crucially Turing ignores the fact of inner life. I'd argue that thinking is intrinsically tied up with inner life. To ignore it doesn't mean that its not there, or that its not important, but renders the question more tractable.