In general terms, where there is prohibition on performance of religious duties such as prayer, Muslims are required to emigrate to a land where they can practice their religion freely. If everyone at the table is expected to pray privately or in whisper, then you can join in, making your own Islamic invocation. If people have raised their hands, you may raise your hands according to the Islamic tradition and not the customs of the Christians (hands open and forward). Quran 29:46 And do not argue with the People of the Scripture except in a way that is best, except for those who commit injustice among them, and say, "We believe in that which has been revealed to us and revealed to you. And our God and your God is one; and we are Muslims [in submission] to Him." If one person is going to say the prayer aloud, and the remaining people are expected to silently listen then you can remain silent since that is permitted. You shouldn't raise your hands, nor bow your head, nor say "Amen" with the rest. If they object you can explain your position and offer to excuse yourself till they are done. Most workplaces should allow you to do that, and of-course on your part you should be respectful and make sure that you properly clean the sink before leaving. Indeed where there is no other choice you may even use the toilet area to do this, since the need for Wudu and Prayer is greater than need for purity of the surroundings. There are a couple of different Islamic teachings that apply here, and you will have to balance them out: Since the Umrah is not a substitute for Hajj, and the two are different rituals, the question of whether doing Umrah rather than not doing Hajj at all is similar to asking whether giving charity is better than not praying at all. Doing a good deed is better than doing nothing. If you can't do that because of something this: As Medi1Saif said in the comments. Washing the feet is an essential part of Wudu: When you observe a wrong action, it is permissible to remain silent while condemning it in your heart, the same would apply to an act of shirk: You example isn't very good in terms of incompatibility. Polygyny is permitted in Islam and not obligatory, indeed it is not permitted if one can't dispense equality and justice between his wives ... and it is not permitted if one has made an Oath to the contrary or accepted a condition contrary to it in one's marriage contract. Obeying a ruler, on the other hand, is obligatory in Islam(src) (as long as their obedience does not lead to disobedience to Allah), as is fulfilling contracts. So, according to Islamic point of view you would have to refrain from polygyny or migrate to a land where it is allowed. Other options could be to campaign\vote for a change in legislation that would make an exception for Muslims etc. If everyone is expected to repeat the prayer, led by a person, then you should not repeat the wordings, nor make the gesture, and should remain silent. And most people use a sink in their homes and at work to wash their feet: You can fill up a small bottle with water and use it to wash your feet in a corner of the washroom, where there is a floor drain. The validity of a person's Hajj does not depend on the money being earned by themselves1,2. There is no restriction on you regarding how you spend your wealth; spending it on a gift for your parents, that will be beneficial to their religion, is probably one of the better avenues you can spend it on. Quran 16:125 Invite to the way of your Lord with wisdom and good instruction, and argue with them in a way that is best. Indeed, your Lord is most knowing of who has strayed from His way, and He is most knowing of who is [rightly] guided.