From this point on, I'm making some big assumptions because I don't know the child or the situation first hand, but here's what I suspect is happening: 

I'm not saying that your family's values are wrong, just that they are not typical. Most people walk around with the illusion that their values are the norm, simply because we tend to surround ourselves with people who share our values. You need to be aware of this because you seem not to recognize how foreign and hard to navigate your family's social scripts and values are to this kid. You and your wife are apparently unaware of the social and cultural realities outside your own family. You can't "fix" a kid who has a very dysfunctional home life unless you remove him from that home life -- something you obviously can't do. You can probably mitigate his behavior in your home, which might even help the kid a little, but doing so will be labor intensive. 

Never, EVER allow your children to go over to this kid's house. Who knows what is going on over there. 

No matter what you do, this kid will probably be a bad influence on your kids in some small ways. He can't magically undo your parenting and turn your children into sociopaths, though. 

If you decide that you can live with the bad influence because the friendship is that important to your son, you need to take a two-pronged approach: take steps to keep this child's behavior from being adopted by your children, and take steps to improve how this child behaves around your family. 

Enroll your kids in a good martial arts program. In addition to discipline, dexterity, diligence, the ability to take criticism well, confidence, and a bunch of other great things kids can learn in martial arts, kids learn things like how to identify the difference between playfighting and real aggression, the same visceral aversion to even suggestions of inappropriate violence that my son has, and a good frame of reference for how to handle the kinds of situations this kid has put your son in with his comments. 

Chances are you can't have this part of the conversation until your child has been trying to live with the budget for a while and making some of the tradeoffs. And of course it will be torpedoed if he has a millionaire friend who does in fact do all of those things. Let's hope that's not the case for your child. 

Rather than telling the child your rules, and demanding they follow them, you're reminding the child of the impartial and universal laws of the universe (yes, I know, you set them, but there is nonetheless a difference) and you're not the one imposing consequences for breaking them, or even suggesting that it's possible to break them, or that they have a choice to break them or not. You might think these wording differences are irrelevant, but it's my experience that they are not. Extrinsic motivation gets the behaviour you want (sitting quietly, saying please) started, especially if there's an element of "getting in trouble" associated with the wrong behaviour. Praising the behaviour you want, and modelling it yourself, is more likely to kick in the intrinsic motivation. Consider the likelihood that either parent would go outside completely naked. What stops you? It's not that you might get in trouble, right? That's what you want internalized for the kids in terms of hitting, taking, yelling, being rude, and so on. Problem is that she mostly always behaves properly. Punishing her is rarely required. No bribes have been given till date. I am feeling that I am praising her too much because of the great amount of proper behavior from her side. Being a working person I may not be always near my kid. Also, it is a possibility that he may not tell me that he has been undergoing bullying somewhere because of fear or some other reasons. 

Since I have been on this site before she was born, I applied all the proper ways of talking and behaving with the child which are often advised here. Nearly zero tantrums. I have to tell her only once that she needs to keep all the blocks and toys that she threw around back in the box. She tells me to help which I do. She does her share of work very properly. She has empathy, says sorry when she needs to, helps to clean around the house when required, and has a great attention span too. What is the proper way to praise the hard work and patience of a child such that she doesn't start depending on my praises? Now, on such occasions, I say, "You cleaned the room properly by putting all the toys in the box. You worked hard. Thanks for that! You indeed have a great patience".