I found this post that had the following to say: Instead of showing total wins, it now shows total career games, as the community requested. You guys didnt want to see just half the info by only getting to know the wins, but you wanted to see the total matches played. So once again -> This is a big plus you guys asked for! 

Adams, D is a reference to David (Dave) Adams Lead Level Designer on Diablo 3. 

I did some testing, units exit FIFO no matter if you use the Nydus Network or the Nydus Worm. I do not want to play every other game vs Elite AI and some times I just want to relax a bit and only play vs Harder A.I. but I still don't care about what map I play on or with who as long as it counts towards my achievement. 

I find the best way to find out is to test it, made this video to show that as long as the Dark Templar is held by the Graviton Beam it can be attacked even if the observer moves away. 

He is rumored to be working on there next Blizzard project code name Titan. You would need some software like Switchblade or Pinnacle Game Profiler. 

edit: from Team Liquid wiki: 1 range is about the size of a zergling 

Other than that you should read up on changes and new tactics since you last played, trying all maps in the map pool might also be a good idea if you don't want to loose in the beginning and watch videos/streams of other players so you see what people do. I could not find any information on his quote either. 

If Graviton Beam is used on a friendly Dark Templar enemy units can attack the Dark Templar 

Yes, but you will need controller software that allowed you to remap keyboard keys to the buttons on the controller. He also appears in World of Warcraft and is in the credits for Mist of Pandaria. 

In patch 2.0.5 of Wings of Liberty Global play was enabled. It also ignores armor, even with 3 in shield and armor the Immortal will be killed in 1 shot. 

You can install the game to the USB from the machine with DVD drive and then copy the game files from the USB over to your computer without DVD drive. 

To your 2nd question you can check that on your Quick Match screen, if your still got some kind of placement it will say "Play one match to be placed in a new division for this season." if not it will say "Complete a series of multiplayer matches to determine your initial league placement." and it will say how many games are remaning. Just remember in the long run your are expected to loose about 50% of your matches as long as there is people that are better than you do to the way the matching system works.