I hope it helps. As Medi1Saif said, you should always try to read the verses in context, it will become much clearer. And looking for tafsir about what other scholars have said and why these verses was revealed is also a good thing to do. I didn't find anything in the Asbab Nozol (reasons for revelation) book I got at home. 

Say: If you love Allah, then follow me, Allah will love you and forgive you your faults, and Allah is Forgiving, MercifuL 

40:14 So invoke Allah , [being] sincere to Him in religion, although the disbelievers dislike it. 

The other answers seems to be answering on the definition of the word hadith, which seems not to be the fundamental question. As many words, the meaning of the word differ according to the context. The verses stated by Sayyid about the word Hadith in the Quran has no connection to your question. 

40:12 [They will be told], "That is because, when Allah was called upon alone, you disbelieved; but if others were associated with Him, you believed. So the judgement is with Allah , the Most High, the Grand." 

Well, it seems like the verse illuminating lamp is a word by word translation to English. It also seems to refer to the Prophet. 

Tafsir Jalalayn [40:11] They will say, ‘Our Lord, You have caused us to die twice, two deaths, and You have given us life twice — for they were lifeless drops of semen, then they were given life, then made to die, then brought back to life for the Resurrection. We [now] confess our sins, in having disbelieved in the Resurrection. Is there then any way to go out?’, out of the Fire and return to the world to be obedient to our Lord? The answer given to them will be: No! 

Muhammad Asad translates it to: 

Reading the verses before and after, it gives us: 

When a person knows about the mutawatir hadiths and the way of collecting them, it will be very hard to deny them. 

In arabic that is more a metaphor, as explained in the tafsirs: 

The apparent meaning which many translators include is that no one before him was named Yahya. This is supported and mentioned in the tafsirs as well. See Tabari, Razi. Which we find translated here: 

Just because a person doesn't understand a hadith doesn't mean it is wrong. We know that the prophets are sent with the message, and they are in at the same time the leader, mentor, and guide of their people. We should follow the prophet. How to understand what to follow is something else and another discussion. There are many hadiths out there that make no sense without the tools of understanding. Sometimes to truly understand a hadith you must need to understand Arabic (deeply), that includes figure speeches, expressions and much more. The context, to whom was this hadith said? Why? When? Where? It's something to leave to the experts. 

Feel free to edit and translate the tafsir in Arabic. 

This could be answered in different ways according to once understanding of the question. If you are looking for a statement in the Quran that directly, and with the literal words says for instance, "Follow the hadiths!". Then, the answer would be no, there are no such verses. 

The small group of people that today explain verses like these argue that this really mean to follow the message and not really the messenger. But that statement is fast thrown away if you read through "and those in authority from among you". It's clear that it's talking about a person with authority. 

Lord of the heavens and the earth and whatever is between them - so worship Him and have patience for His worship. Do you know of any similarity to Him?" 

One of the reasons for this interpretation is another verse (in the same chapter) mentions the word "samiyya", a rhetorical question, referring to if there is someone similar to God: 

However they also mention views that what it really means is that no one like Yahya has been before him. This interpretation is found in Tafsir Tabari, Razi, Ibn Al-Kathir and so on. Shakir also translated it accordingly: 

Conclusion So basically the scholars of Tafsir mention different of interpretations about the meaning of that verse, where that no one before was named Yahya seems to be one interpretation, but that seems not to be the most popular view among them. 

Source: http://altafasir.com/al-quran/surat/44/ad-dukhan/3 

I am adding this as reference work only, it seems most of the mufassirin mentions laylatu al qadr. 

40:11 They will say, "Our Lord, You made us lifeless twice and gave us life twice, and we have confessed our sins. So is there to an exit any way?" 

What does it even mean to follow the sunnah? Are there any legitimacy in claiming that one should follow the sunnah? 

So the verse, in it's context it is clear that the disbelievers that associated partners with him; when being brought back to life, they ask: "So is there to an exit any way (from the punishment)?"" The answer will then be "When you were told to only worship Allah, alone, you disbelieved! You would only believe if other partners where associated to him!" 

40:13 It is He who shows you His signs and sends down to you from the sky, provision. But none will remember except he who turns back [in repentance]. 

The prophet is the one that would explain for those who would "quarrel about anything", as you see in the verse. Today we cannot directly ask the prophet to explain what certain verses meant or how to act in certain situations. But if we look at the hadiths, with the Quran we can draw different conclusions according to the situation, time and context.