I have three recommendations for you: Addendum: Depending on when my kids finally fall asleep, I have anywhere between zero and two hours for myself, but this time is normally not spent reading or with TV because there's grown-up stuff to do in the household -- maintenance, planning, preparations. Actual play time for myself is a rare and special treat... I'm sure that once my smallest son is old enough to be able to safely entertain himself for an hour or so, time for myself becomes available again. 

My kids and the neighbor's kid are all in the same kindergarten group. Despite having plenty of interaction there, they seek even more contact. That's not bad in itself, of course, but it's annoying that they climb onto the top of the swing set in order to see each other over the hedge and across the street - and then they yell really loud. Unless your new material is suitable for children (and you don't mind it being torn etc.) then don't give him your things. Instead, put them away and play with him. 

If we don't succeed, we know that the afternoon and evening will be a little tougher. One thing we are very clear about: No whining, no begging. He may choose to end his nap, but we won't accept any kind of blackmail (crying) because he wants movie/candy/whatever. He is allowed to play with his toys just like always, and he may ask us to play along just like always. But he is not allowed to set our agenda, or to demand unusual things (in our case, movies or candy are in the "unusual" category and is not on offer when he's grumpy). Right off the bat, I taught Alice "I messages" so she could stick up for herself (to some extent). She could YELL LOUDLY, "I don't like that! Stop. I don't want to. . . " This is just a good safety device in general for kids to use with "tricky people" formerly known as strangers that want them to go somewhere without guardian AND with schoolyard bullies because it draws attention. When Alice said something like this, I could intervene with it being incredibly obvious why I was intervening to everyone around. 

Make time to listen to his stories - We had family meals where we specifically asked about Alice's day, what she had done and learned, what was the low-light, what was the highlight etc. She knew this time would come and that we would listen, paraphrase, ask clarifying questions and summarize (ways to show you really are listening) when it did come. I also did this in the car with her between activities for a few minutes after each activity, at the end of the day before bed for about ten minutes, and at the beginning of the day I always asked about her dreams. There were also plenty of "unplanned times" that I listened too. A sister with Cerebral Palsy adds a big complication to this, but it is still important that the time be given. Perhaps you and your partner can take turns. 

When you are going out, you'll also want to be prepared with activities to help him stay busy, distracted and engaged. For example, feel free to take him to "adult restaurants because this will allow him the experience so he knows what to expect and how to behave. If he doesn't learn it now, he still has to learn it, he'll just be older when he does (and "bad behavior" that is really naive behavior will just be that much more embarassing. BUT, bring some crayons, a favorite coloring book, a fidget sort of toy and a favorite book because it is a lot to expect for a kid to sit and do nothing quietly. By being there he is gaining the opportunity to learn from watching you though. 

Deal with the fact that there are bullies at the school as best you can (this should NOT be happening in a three's classroom (well, or anywhere), but three's kids are NEVER alone. Your kid needs help with this one. Teach your child "I messages." Teach him to say his "I messages loudly." Role play and practice what to do in a bullying situation. You don't have to act out the bullying part, simply say, "ok, so and so just came up to you and is doing something you do not like. You say. . . " Then allow your child to practice, "I don't like that". Then say, "what if he/she keeps at it?" Then allow your child to practice saying it again AT THE TOP of HIS OR HER VOICE. This SHOULD attract attention from the teachers. Do not treat "I messages" used with you as back talk. He is learning a knew skill. Instead, respectfully paraphrase, "I understand you don't like the car seat, but we do have to run errands and what is MOST important is that you stay safe. The car seat keeps you safe." If the "I message" is about something around which a compromise can be made, then make it. Alice often didn't like her long sleeved-shirts because I bought plain ones thinking she could just wear them under he short-sleeved shirts. This was uncomfortable for her and she didn't like the plainness of the shirts. Obviously, there were times when she had to have long sleeves, so we got some stencils and fabric paints and she decorated them. I never bought plain ones again. Good Luck.