We process approximately 1500 flags per day, in an effort to keep the signal on the site much higher than the noise. A typical day: As you can see, certain reasons are much more interesting than others when it comes to tracking repeat abuse, since the extra signal is now being captured. Given the volume of crap that some sites see, it won't be too long before we have enough data to confirm / discover patterns. 

As long as the community remains extremely efficient at spotting and reporting this type of behavior, we don't have to do stuff like that or even uglier things like browser fingerprinting. To be clear, you did most of the work here by alerting us to more incidents within minutes of them being posted. Sure, it takes a few moments to run some checks and then ultimately launch missiles but I'm quite happy to do that if it avoids the alternatives. 

Stuff we want to look for revolves around fulfilling our goal of providing fast, peer-reviewed answers to questions quickly, and user engagement / retention. 

What do I get? Authors of the top three entries will receive: These of course cold both have silver / gold implementations as well. They should be difficult enough that a concerted, sustained effort would be needed to get them, but not too difficult to earn. They could also be earned multiple times, and we'd show the time frame next to each indicating the period where they applied. Put up/down arrows at the bottom of posts, similar to how the links to close / flag are oriented (in fact, before them) - but again, I want to see how this test pans out. 

That's right, around March 28, the spam protection layer blocked about 20,000 spam attempts, mostly in the form of suggested edits, while users didn't see much of an increase in what they had to flag in order to thwart it. While adding them is at the sole discretion of Stack Exchange, I don't like them unless circumstances are extreme. While annoying, I don't think this particular case was really extreme. Something sort of magic happened a short time ago, sometimes a graph is worth a thousand flags: How do I win? Have the highest, second highest or third highest up-vote count on your entry. Down votes do not affect scoring. Be original & creative, and be funny. Just try not to feel the need, or at least resist the urge to jab the author of the question for asking a poor question. Remember, leaving a comment to help a new user is supposed to be just that - help, not a whitewashed way to show your dislike for the question that they asked. This is basically what you'd get in CSV format (or XML, JSON, SQLite DB): I agree on some rate limiting being put into place if this happens again and wasn't some extremely rare incident brought on by circumstances that are not likely to repeat. While coincidental, I'm not convinced that the removal of the accept rate display had much to do with this. 

While some flags are restricted to "SPAM or offensive", the FAQ still does say "Be nice". If people clearly aren't being nice, we need to know about it. 

... Helpful, but at best a comment. There's nothing in the answer that explains how this would help, how to use the function or what to look out for. All you're doing is linking to documentation. Most of the time I convert these to comments, or expand them if the answer happens to be the one that is accepted. You will be missed, and I can't wait to hear about the next adventure you undertake. I think I can say, factually, all 200+ of us have things well in hand. You hired the right people, you made (many) good decisions and now we have a thriving network that people really love and it actually makes the Internet a better place. Programmer, parent, DIY enthusiast or gamer, we've got you if you know how to articulate yourself reasonably. The Winners Because there were some late entries, a weekend involved and a whole lot of awesomeness on display here, I'm declaring everyone that contributed a positively scored entry as a winner, you'll all receive an email from me in the next few days to collect your size, prize preference and shipping information. 

In short, don't go to great lengths to edit out harmless fun, unless you feel that it's very likely to put off a professional in your field. And, obviously, don't get into edit wars - let the mods take care of it if you see an argument brewing. 

Just about 7.5 hours left folks, get any last minute votes in before then! This will remain open past the contest end time, however votes must be logged on or before 20:00:00 UTC in order to count. Good luck to everyone, we've received some awesome stuff so far! 

Badges I've come up with so far are: 

At the end of the day I think most of us leave with a generally good feeling. We helped maintain something that we really care about, and we work with good company and friends.