Doubting by definition is experiencing. Whoever doubts is experiencing something. Let's assume that Descartes is doubting according to God's decree. Let's also assume that the doubt belongs to someone else. Since Descartes is doubting, he is experiencing something. In this case, he is experiencing something that belongs to someone else. If Descartes is experiencing something belonging to another, he is experiencing. He experienced, therefore he was. That's a roundabout way of saying that neither the cause of the doubt nor its belonging to someone else (whatever that might mean) is relevant, given that you are assuming that he is experiencing doubt. As you said, "But the only thing he didn't doubt was his doubting." 

Supposedly, this concept of isomorphism should serve to clarify the reasons why he believes that ontological considerations are irrelevant to the question. However, Putnam himself brings up a point which may prove to be one of the greatest threats to his theory, namely, that the discrete structure of matter calls into question the possibility of any true continuity. He begins his response with the following: 

The form existing in the physical object and which may be received by the senses. 

In his work On the Soul, Aristotle distinguishes Anaxagoras from the other philosophers for his belief that the soul is free from multiplicity as well as having nothing in common with anything else. Of course, this suggests that the soul must be distinct from the material world: 

"Locke and Kant, whilst still believing in the soul, began the work of undermining the notion that we know anything about it." (The Principles of Psychology, p. 211) 

Aristotle goes on to explain that the mind cannot have anything in common with or be a mixture of anything else, because otherwise such impurity would inhibit the mind's ability to "dominate" objects through the act of thinking. 

As opposed to merely providing means for detecting properties which distinguish conscious experience from the material, these philosophers have approached the question by addressing the underlying necessity of those distinctions. Properly developed, such arguments are potentially much stronger than those aimed at simply identifying differences. 

In addition to that, what may appear as a contradiction may be an indication of his doubts as to whether our current approach to artificial intelligence can ever be adequate for explaining mental life in humans. To some extent, we may all have unreconciled inconsistencies in our thinking with which we maintain hopes of eventually resolving. Putnam expresses such a hope by pointing out that our current approach to functionalism is unlikely to provide computers with the means to solve the types of problems which humans are able to solve: