I am not saying not to be thankful to Allah for creating Muhammad and bringing down revelation to him. Furthermore we can Fast Mondays out of thanks to Allah for creating the Prophet and bringing down revelation to/through him. This is based on the Hadith in regards to the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon Him) being asked about Fasting Mondays, he answered: Saheeh Muslim/Riyaddussaliheen 

Sources: Imitation of non-Muslims We are not to look at women, and are to lower our gaze and this is clear in the 30th verse of Surat Annoor: 

It is Haram celebrating the Mawlid. For it is an innovation. The Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him) himself, and the first three generations which includes his house hold (ahlul Bait) never celebrated birthday as is commonly done today. What is done today (every year) is as I mentioned is an innovation, for while it is claimed that celebrating it is good and has good, the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon Him) said: 

He (May Allah's blessings and peace be upon Him) also said: Furthermore it has been narrated that the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him) said: Behold! A man is not alone with a woman but the third of them is Ash-Shaitan 

The above hadith is in the book of clothing in Sunan Abi dawood. 

Unless touching is needed like in an emergency, do not do it. 

It is forbidden to copy non-Muslims in their worships, their religion, and their holidays. Mending family ties does not have to be done at the end of each year rather there is 365 days to do that in. Source: Iqtidaou Asserat Al-Mustaqem by Imam Ibn Taymiyah That is the day on which I was born and the day on which I received Revelation 

as for being alone with a women it is haram. When a man and women meet, they should be as professional as possible, there is no need to touch, kiss, hold each others hands or look at each other. Unless you intend to marry it is haram to look. Also if you are to be in a company of a women not of your family, make sure that She has a Mahram with her, or you bring someone along yourself. This is the way to try to keep yourself as well as the women safe, keep the respect, as well as stay away from Zina, because Shaytaan does whisper to anyone, no matter how religious that person is. It is forbidden for Muslims to imitate non-Muslims. The Prophet (May Allah's blessings and peace be upon Him) said: To add on, not only is such imitation of non-Muslim, but also is a non-Muslim celebration. As is clear in the Quran and Sunnah, each people have their own ways and rituals, and Muslims are not to imitate them even in the most specific of their ways, in their celebrations. The Shariah has come ad given us our own way and our own celebrations, and those are Eid Al Adha and Eid Al Fitr. When the Prophet (Peace and blessings be upon him) came to Madinah, the people used to celebrate two days out of the year, the Prophet came and said: A man must never be alone with a woman unless there is a Mahram with her Would you exchange what is better for what is less? 

Primary source: Islamic online university 

We are also not to Touch the women that we are not allowed for us to touch, for every limb has it's own zina, and the zina of the Hand is touching: 

I have not left you with anything that will get you closer to Allah except I have already ordered it/given it First of all Fardh means obligatory, so when you enter the masjid and the Obligatory is in progress than you must, must, must join the obligatory salaat. Outside of this you can make the sunnahs or not make them, if you do not make them, especially the confirmed sunnah's you have not sinned but you just missed out on making a sunnah prayer and gaining more reward. Sources: Islamic Online University 

Now as it is obvious, one won't find many fasting Monday, and would find many celebrating the Mawlid every year, what is happening is something got flipped around. And Allah's saying to the Jews came true on Most of us: 

If you want you can make the sunnah after the fardh, but that will be missing the point, the Prophet may peace and blessings be upon Him made certain sunnahs at certain times, ether before or after the salaat, so it would be pointless to make a sunnah prayer that was supposed to be at the first of the salaat, you can just make the sunnahs and nafils after the salaat and maybe add on to that (meaning to add extra salat to that, Tatawu' prayer which is the same as nafil prayers, so just make extra nafil prayer if you want.) 'You had two days when you would play, but Allah (SWT) has given Muslims something instead that is better than them: the day of Al-Fitr and the day of Al-Adha The Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him) said: 

So Fasting Monday out of thankfulness to Allah for creating/sending and bringing revelation to/through Muhammad is in accordance with the Shariah, while celebrating the Mawlid is not and is an innovation and is haram.