If you don't have a goal for your character... maybe you have made them too perfect? A common theme to help provide character goals is to demonstrate character growth. Give them a couple flaws. Say that she is an elf and a really good magic user, but no one gives her a chance because she is female and she is not assertive enough to challenge people that tell her to go away. In the end, the goal of the MC is usually the punch line of your story. It's the lesson learned or will have to be learned in order to achieve the goal. There may be many side goals or side plots that helps build the main goal, but ultimately, your character is trying to strive to achieve something. World fame? Is there an evil person in your story that is trying to do harm? What does the opposition look like? What is it that they are trying to do to hinder your main character? If you don't have an antagonist, maybe developing an antagonist's character will help you realize the goal of the MC. 

In a more serious setting, they are usually crawling, or low to the ground and crouching. 

synonyms: smuggle, bring/take surreptitiously, bring/take secretly, bring/take illicitly, spirit, slip 

Think back to when you began a journey. When you began something new. Maybe it was moving out of your parents house and you got into the moving truck, ready to drive off for the first time. Maybe it was the first time you went on a trip with a group of friends or by yourself. Remember the feelings you had. The swelling of pride, eager for adventure and something new, free from the shackles of life. Feeling good isn't just a matter of having a smile. Many people smile even when they are sad or are in pain. It is an emotional state. You may also want to watch your prose too in situations like this. Differentiating your lead characters based on their conflicting theories about how to handle a bigger problem (as described in your second design) will work, but it leaves the determination of who is ultimately right to the outcome of that problem. This makes your characters secondary to the problem they are fighting over. A good example of this kind of tale is the recent Captain America Civil War movie and associated comic stories. The process of defining antagonist motivations does not necessarily begin with the antagonist. Some good examples of nebulous issues of contention include... 

Once that issue is found and an arena for its contention takes form, the characters (protagonist or antagonist) can simply enter the story from the direction of any of those distinct points of view. The protagonist is thereby just the character which the writer (me) favors during the beginning of the story. The antagonist is just a character whose perfectly valid point of view opposes that of the protagonist. Both are real people in every way that I can imagine them. The more real they are before the first word gets written, the better the chance that I will be happy with the final story. Maturity is a step along the path to Personal Mastery which is a state where all of the forces and fears of younger life lose all of their power, leaving freedom and opportunity in their wake. 

Keep in mind through out all of this that unlike in fairy tales, virtue is often a matter of opinion. Almost every villain thinks that they are the good guy and many a selfish act leads to an noble end. Be careful when working with themes of good and evil. They are slippery.