The ranking of each team in each group will be determined as follows: g) drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee. If two or more teams are equal on the basis of the above three criteria, their rankings will be determined as follows: c) greatest number of goals scored in all group matches. Two systems, designed by technology companies GoalRef and Hawk-Eye, have been approved after going through two phases of FIFA testing. Source: FIFA laws of the games The answer is drawing of lots by the FIFA Organising Committee. The section about Handling the ball explains the list of points the referee should consider before deciding the hand ball was deliberately and awarding a free kick. f) greater number of goals scored in all group matches between the teams concerned; The basic rule of handling appear on FIFA laws of the games under LAW 12 – FOULS AND MISCONDUCT You can see demonstration of this technology at the following video World soccer's global governing body FIFA and the International Football Association Board (IFAB) made the announcement following a meeting in Zurich on Thursday. You can see an example (Given by @mormegil), in Group F of the 1990 FIFA World Cup, Ireland and the Netherlands were “completely” tied, and their positions had to be decided by drawing of lots (won by Ireland). - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1990_FIFA_World_Cup#Group_F b) goal difference in all group matches; I also found another reference to talking about a specific case of unintentional hand ball: Is it a foul if a player touches the ball with his hand unintentionally? Is it a foul is a player trips and falls and touches the ball with his hand during the fall? If the refree interprets the hand ball as unintentionally so he won't award a free kick. FIFA intend for goal-line technology to be used at December's Club World Cup in Japan, and if successful it will also be implemented at the 2013 African Cup of Nations and the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. Also, is a foul awarded if the ball touches the hand of a player, when the player has his hand attached to his chest? No, because 2 reasons: 1. The ball moves towards the hand and not the other way around. 2. The position of the hand does not necessarily mean that there is an infringement since the hand didn't affect the movement of the ball (it would hit the chest if the hand wasn't there) In addition to these, lots of individual venues have their own rules of play, used for informal games. A let in table tennis is any rally that does not end in a score. The "net service" that you described, where the ball on the service touches the net as it goes over, is one type of let. (All of the circumstances that result in a let are listed in the ITTF Handbook, section 2.09.) If a player skips the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals without a valid excuse, they are no longer considered in good standing. 8-Ball is a very popular game worldwide. However, as you noted in your question, there are competing sets of rules. Unlike other sports, there is no single authority for pool that sets the rules for this game. Source: History of the Free Throw b. Climbing on or lifting a teammate to secure greater height. The NFL has similar language. From the Official Playing Rules of the NFL 2012, Rule 15, Section 9 (Instant Replay): From Dr. James Naismith's Original 13 Rules of Basket Ball: The three-point line has its own history. The American Basketball League, a shortlived professional league, began using it in 1961, but the league folded a year later. The American Basketball Association began using it as soon as the league started in 1967. The National Basketball Association did not begin using it, however, and when the ABA merged into the NBA in 1976, the three-point line went away for a few years. The NBA introduced it in 1979, and the NCAA followed in 1986, shortly followed by high school basketball.