It's also a doctrine that's allied with the 'survival of the fittest' in Social Darwinism: one could argue that killing someone who is hungry is simply doing what Nature would have done; except of course one consciously applied this principle in a disciplined and directed way; which isn't how the principle of selection works. 

Chance and spontaneity are also counted as causes...[but] some people claim that there is a determinate cause for everything which is said to be a cause or a spontaneous event. And what has not survived, ie not 'fit' for 'survival' is (tautologically) destroyed; he implicitly ascribes the doctrine to Empedocles; he now introduces the notion of 'defect' of error, ie mutantcy This has very little to do with humans or indeed the cosmos. Of course bats are famous for using echo-location to navigate space; and one might ask how this feels or sensed or understood as qualia. But human echo-location is possible, and this without any external equipment. One might suppose, tht given the species affinity we have with bats - we are both mammals - to understand how it feels to echo-locate, is perhaps to gain some glimpse in the bat-world. 

One of the reasons I'm asking this is that I believe that all men/women are philosophers, but I want to distinguish this from the activities of professional philosophers, academic or otherwise. So I'm proposing a notion of a natural unwilled philosophical activity. One can certainly simulate certain kinds of thinking with algorithms but this does not show that they are the same thing. What one is doing is modelling. Physics, for example models the physical world - but one should not then make the mistake that the physical world is physics. Lacan would probably say that it is through his Mirror mechanism. That is one has mirrored the voice(s) speaking to you, and internalised it. 

Evolutionary theory suggests that A) admits less genetic drift than B) and therefore B) is more likely. 

In a later chapter, he does claim though that vision is: 

Reproduction can only happen in the following three situations: 

More commonly, examples are drawn from colour, say redness, whose physical cause is a certain wavelength of light. 

Of course, given echo-location by actual instrumentation, this would be very different, we would see our environments; a visual representation would be put before our eyes. This of course doesn't explore to what extent the first person and immediate sensuality aspect of sexuality is neccessary to consciousness rather than to sexual/gender identity. 

I suppose this question can be split into two: So he re-opens the question of purpose after first critically evaluating the 'Lamarkian' theory which posits a purpose in a certain sense; and then positing a 'Darwinian' type theory which demolishes said purpose through selection and survival of the fittest. 

But in exchange for this power you could be born anywhere at any time; and it turns out that you are born in Ethiopia during the great famine; and due to your proscription no aid is sent... 

I would hazard a guess, that it was the admixture of Greek and Christian Philosophy that identified the absolute substance as God; and although Descartes is usually counted as the originator of the dual substance thesis; in fact, he's not, being too careful and cautious a thinker; one supposes it was the outcome of later cogitations by Descartians - but this removal of the metaphysical scaffolding left these hanging in the void, and unable to interact with each other by definition; as substances are causally closed.