England The city of Bristol was the hub of English expeditions into the Atlantic. Several voyages were launched from her harbours, the second largest in England, around the time of Columbus. Bristol's mariners were inspired by the legendary phantom island of Brasil, which is said to lie off the western coast of Ireland(1). 

Because lances were unwieldy but required significant training to be proficient in. Their usefulness was progressively declining against the increasingly attractive (and cost-effective) firearms. Authorities did try to deal with the problem, especially in France. Raping civilians of allies being less tolerated. Notably however, the Army scapegoated black servicemen for reported crimes: Subsequently, the Proto-Indo-Europeans dispersed throughout Eurasia in a series of migrations (probably intermarrying with existing locals as they went). By about 1,000 B.C., the Proto-Indo-Europeans have spread from their Urheimat to much of Europe as well as Iran and India, which matches what your teacher says. Wikipedia has a map charting these movements: 

Given the conflicting understandings, Stabo thus reasoned that Pytheas could not be trusted to report honestly on new discoveries, since he was already "wrong" about known locations. In other armies, lances experienced a revival even before Napoleon. The Prussian Army for example raised a lancer unit, the Bosniakenkorps, in 1745. The Austrians under Emperor Joseph II created lance cavalry after the Polish fashion. 

If I'm wrong and your teacher meant something other than the Proto-Indo-Europeans, then their claims would be even more unsustainable. Nonetheless, it is true that Poland did survive the Black Death relatively unscathed. In addition to Poland's relatively sparse population, a key factor is that King Casimir the Great wisely quarantined the Polish borders. By holding the plague off at the borders, the disease's impact on Poland was softened. Kunzle, David, ed. From Criminal to Courtier: the Soldier in Netherlandish Art 1550-1672. Vol. 10. Brill, 2002. Overall, the evidence is that European marriage patterns resembles that of the 20th century. Of course, both East and West Francia elected kings. Hnece, the answer to this part of the question: While the Florentine situation is often regarded as unusual, it is not unique. Another study[9] of 15th century Ragusa showed that women were on average betrothed at 18, but gave birth to their first child when 22. From this the authors surmised that Ragusan couples consummated their marriages when the women were 21 and men 36. In this case, local cultural norms seemed to be the main culprit. 

Is that it's actually not as different as you might think. Most, if not all, of Europe's major crowns were originally elective. - Newman, Paul B. Daily life in the Middle Ages. McFarland, 2001. While the rich could afford the a wide variety of expensive spices in ridiculous amounts (i.e., Duke Georg), it wasn't beyond the means of the common folk either. As noted above, a pound of pepper might cost a craftsman several days work - enough to make it a luxury goods, but not so expensive that it was affordable. So even (well to-do) peasants could afford pepper, the cheapest of the common spices. 

Thus we may observe that, his position in the realm of England notwithstanding, King John was legally subject to the feudal overlordship of Philip with regards to his holdings in France. Of course, note that in practice a vassal with many holdings might be too powerful for the nominal liege to do anything about. 

- Roberts, Mary Louise. What Soldiers Do: Sex and the American GI in World War II France. University of Chicago Press, 2013. 

The island of Thule, which Pytheas places to the north of Britain, falls under this category. Strabo doubted the Massalian's account, which was admittedly rather fantastical sounding, on the basis that no other writer corroborates Pytheas' rather unique exploration. He also believed that the island would have been too cold to support life, due to how north it is reported to be.