Both options are in the Eastern Pyrenees, a not inconsiderable distance from Andorra. 

If I am correct that by "proto-Ukrainians", your teacher actually meant the Proto-Indo-Europeans, then their claims are not wholly baseless. However it is misleading to the point of being deceptive. It'd be like an Ethiopian claiming their "Proto-Ethiopian" ancestors conquered Europe, on the basis that Homo Sapiens left Africa through what is now modern Ethiopia. 

Note that an empire isn't necessarily ruled by an emperor. When historians describe Alexander's conquests as an "empire", it is at least partly in reference to the fact that he subjugated many nations and countries under his central authority. Alexander was definitely an "emperor in the sense that he was a ruler of this polity. 

On the topic of Britain, Strabo writes in his Geographica that: 

As @Matt pointed out in the comments, so-called religious wars in history were almost always also motivated by economical and political concerns. The First Sacred War is no exception here. 

This is AFAIK the predominant view. There are other viewpoints on why Hannibal couldn't take Rome, but I doubt many think that Hannibal had a moment of insanity and chose not to march on Rome for no good reason. For example, Professor John F. Shean argued that Hannibal was limited by logistics. 

《漢·司馬遷·史記·廉頗藺相如列傳》 李牧者，趙之北邊良將也。秦多與趙王寵臣郭開金，為反閒，言李牧、司馬尚欲反 ... 趙使人微捕得李牧，斬之。廢司馬尚。後三月，王翦因急擊趙，大破殺趙蔥，虜趙王遷及其將顏聚，遂滅趙。 

In addition to the Via Domitia passes, the other theory is that Hannibal crossed at the Col de Perche in the Central Pyrenees. A route like this would indeed bring Hannibal close to Andorra, as the question's alternative hypothesis argues. However, it makes relatively less sense for Hannibal to choose this unnecessarily difficult path. 

Although the theory of Vertical and Horizontal Alliances is fickle, generally speaking a Vertical Alliance (uniting the Six States against Qin) is to the Six States' benefit ... if the Six States could treat each other with trust and honour, then even brutal Qin could not conquer them. 

If another had the benefits of terrain like Qin, and had the support of Heaven, then we could well have had a second Qin. 

- Daly, Gregory. Cannae: The Experience of Battle in the Second Punic War. Psychology Press, 2003. 

Furthermore, during the late empire, several more tribes hailing from Denmark featured in the Migration Period. In addition to the Jutes and Angles, this includes the Burgundians who are thought to have originated in the Danish island of Bornholm, the Herules who may have been driven out of Denmark by the Danes. This is in addition to the tribes that inhabited Scania, which until the modern period were considered Denmark and were reckoned as such in the Viking Age, such as the Lombards.