Are laymen simply abusing language when thy speak of a the scientific method, simply because they are unaware of the complexities that arise in philosophy of science? 

The Persian theologist Al Ghazali in the 11th~12th century wrote at treatise called "The incoherence of the philosophers". In it he showed that philosophers' attempts to prove God's existence with logic failed. Since he wasn't willing to give up religion, he attacked philosophy instead. His main objection was therefore religious. 

First you would need to define what a religion is, which is already pretty hard, as mentioned elsewhere. Then using that definition, you need to somehow separate the practitioners of the religion from the religion itself. For some religions this is impossible from the get go: There's no Judaism without Jews, or no Shintoism without the Japanese. Based on that explanation, a method for making decisions if one is faced with future scenarios similar to or related to the current state of affairs, and for predicting future states of affairs with a certain amount probability, i.e the explanation is useful for future purposes. When people in general discuss science, they talk about the scientific method as if it was a fixed and universally agreed upon principle. In a show I saw recently by Neil DeGrasse Tyson, he explicitly states that it was invented by Ibn Al Haytham in the 10th~11th century. The colloquial definition of the scientific method seems to be something along the lines of: 

From his/her perspective, all of these characteristics are no different than the way organized religion presents itself as being the source of truths about the world. Given these open issues in philosophy of science, is it legitimate to speak of the scientific method (or methods) as if it was an established result that has been fixed once and for all? Listening to a course on philosophy of science, Lakatos was presented as a middle way between Popper and the positivists strictly rational description of scientific theories and Kuhn's historical/social account scientific theories. 

So now we have two definitions of freewill: Metaphysical freewill and compatibilist freewill. For the Nazi case, note that per Quine, science can never be separated from the interpretation of science either. Sam Harris hold degrees in both philosophy (undergraduate ) neuroscience (Ph.D), and has written on both topics, but he isn't considered a major contributor to either. His main claims to fame are as a critic of religion (one of the New Atheists) and as a TV pundit, not as a philosopher of science. 

It should be noted that there are some problems with the falsifiability approach to define science, but discussing them would make this post too long. Look up underdetermination, Quine, Kuhn and Feyearbend on the philosophy and demarcation of science.