How easy are "brifters" (e.g. Shimano Total Integration or Campagnolo ErgoPower) to maintain and adjust as a hobby cyclist at home?-- Although quite a lot of road bikes have them (including even light touring-oriented/adventure bikes such as the Salsa Vaya or Genesis Croix de Fer 10), I have often heard even from competitive cyclists that they are extremely fussy and hard to keep working optimally. How true is this?-- I keep hearing that, for example, long-distance tourers and others focused on dependability avoid them due to their apparent fickleness and complexity. However, are brifters really that unreliable, or are these people just in the "tail" of the distribution of cyclists, those who cannot afford failure in even the rarest of cases? Streamliner Road DLX from Axiom Cycling Gear I've been toying with the idea of joining competitive amateur (road) cycling for a while, but am unsure as to if the sport is right for me: I'm in very good shape and enjoy "basic" road cycling as well as weekend trips, but I have not joined any sort of cycling clubs because I don't feel like a Cyclist™. In particular, I'm looking for all-weather road tires with serious puncture resistance, i.e. a more-or-less-direct competitor to Schwalbe's Marathon line. Does the fact that they are steel (instead of aluminum) remove the risk of a blowout? If you want to increase the gearing, your best bet would be to install an 11x cassette, if not a Sram 10x. I recently bought an old Eastman ten-speed. It's got 700x23 tires on steel rims. The walls of both rims bend out slightly, maybe 10 degrees each. I'm not sure if they were built that way, or if they've bent slowly over time. Your technology is up to date. 53x12 is basically still the standard for road bikes today. Is this acceptable behavior? I sure wouldn't mind, but I'm not a religious roadie :D They didn't seem to acknowledge my presence at all (which was fine with me), except for one guy who cast a glance at my bike (a mtb). Proper road bikes (Including the Moulton) are the machines for speed, and always have been (unless you're on a velodrome). Hmmm… If the bent axle is the only major problem the bike has (by "it slowly died" I take you to mean that it was developing other less-serious problems too), if I were you I would do an overhaul and continue with the hybrid. Whatever you do, don't "sell all your bikes for THE ONE fixie". On long rides, you will find yourself tiring sooner because you won't be able to ride at your optimal cadence. † You can significantly reduce wind resistance by riding a bike with full fairings but, for your stated purposes, this would be a bit ridiculous. Considering that e.g. a Raleigh Super Course doesn't have eyelets for a rear rack, would it then be possible to install a rack via this latter "clamp" method? Would it be able to hold a proper amount of weight, e.g. 20kg? Likewise, how would one put fenders on such a bike (if this is indeed possible)? In my particular case, I live in a corner of the world where the type of bikes carried by almost all dealers (large and small) are in no way what I want: I want something akin to a classic "randonneuring" bike, but there is only one shop which "carries" anything close to that-- the shop has a single Kona Honky Tonk, and their solution would be to e.g. add fenders, racks, etc. Perhaps this is in fact a good solution, but I would like to have more than one available to me. I've been toying with the idea of joining competitive amateur (road) cycling for a while, but am unsure as to if the sport is right for me: I'm in very good shape and enjoy "basic" road cycling as well as weekend trips, but I have not joined any sort of cycling clubs because I don't feel like a Cyclist™.