On Page 269 (through 295) are C. Raymond Beazley's Notes on Hakluyt's Version of Vincent of Beauvis' Abridgement of Carpini, discussing the text. On Page 278 at the top we have a discussion of India magna (noting that India in this context likely meant everything from Kabul to Saigon, our Indies): as that part of India between the Indus and Ganges rivers, so roughly corresponding to the modern country of India. 

Further India would at his time have referred to the territories east of, or beyond, the Ganges, and so to our modern Indo-China, the countries of Burma, Siam, Laos, Malaysia, Cambodia and Vietnam. 

The list can be found in the original Latin on page 68 of this edition of the Ystoria Mongolarum, about 1/3 of the way down the page. 

Macedonia under Philip V declaring war on the Roman Republic (215 B.C. - First Macedonian War) 

Lesser India would have been the territories west of the Indus River, or roughly modern Pakistan and Afghanistan. 

Update #2: I just remembered MLK's I Have a Dream speech, particularly the second half. This speech was a seminal moment in the Civil Rights movement of the 1960's. An estimated one million attendees, white as well as black, attended in the Washington summer heat expecting the performance of a lifetime from King, and he delivered. I find it easy to imagine that any unsatisfactory performance by King on this occasion might have set the civil rights movement back, by disheartening the grass-roots support that it so depended on. Instead, King delivered probably his finest speech, to his largest audience. 

As great an honour as it was to even become Consul, those who like Cicero made it in their year were even more esteemed, as never having lost an election and stood for every office of the course at the earliest possible age. 

Update: Yes, the French government did supply pensions to some classes of workers prior to Bismarck (my emphasis): 

Prussia under Frederick invading Silesia to start War of Austrian Succession 

Macedonia Under Alexander invading the Persian Empire 

Turns out this fellow was a historian, keeping himself very busy after his retirement from public service by proceeding to write History of France between 1787 and 1825. Volume 1 was published in Paris in 1832; Volume 2 was published in Paris in 1832; Volume 3 was published in Paris in 1833. 

Another example, more recent, is Churchill's speech to the House of Commons on June 4, 1940, particularly the final paragraph though his rhythm and repetition occurs throughout the speech to a lesser degree. Again a fine example of free verse. 

No, there is at best a weak correlation between national size and tendency for belligerence. Some examples of "small" states that started significant wars: 

United Provinces rebelling against Spain (1588, beginning of Eighty-Years War) 

In 1572 the 4th Duke of Norfolk, Thomas Howard, was executed for treason and his lands and titles escheated to the crown. Much of this estate was later restored to his sons, and the title restored some generations after that to a descendant. 

The Cursus Honorum was a succession of offices to be held by Consulship candidates, each one with a successively greater minimum age much as the minimum age to be a US Senator is 30. The minimum age to be a Praetor, the immediate prerequisite for the consulship, was 39, and was to be followed by a two-year term in the provinces as Propraetor before returning to Rome eligible to stand for the consulship. 

Churchill's speech served multiple purposes. Firstly it needed to inspire the British people to continue the war. Secondly it needed to send a firm message to Hitler and Roosevelt that Britain was continuing the fight even without France. Thirdly it was part of a campaign by Churchill to obtain 50 moth-balled destroyers from the US that were needed for convoy escort. To that end it was vial that the US believe that Britain would continue the fight to the bitter end, and that the us would not be releasing the vessels only to have them attacking US commerce soon after. It would appear that the speech achieved all three objectives admirably. 

North Vietnam attacking the U.S. ally South Vietnam 

In 1553 John Dudley, 1st Duke of Northumberland, was executed for treason, with (Most? All? It's a little hard to trace.) his estate vacated to the crown. 

Simply perusing the text I recognize the Kytai and Naymani as Mongol tribes (nations) subjugated by Temujin very early on. The Merkiti may also fall in this category. 

Sweden under Gustav Adolphus invading Germany in 1630 

Note the (often vast) distance between the actual territory being referred to and what a simplistic translation might generate from modern country names. Also, at the time of Carpini's writing there was a mistaken belief in an Asian Abyssinia distinct from the (true) African Abyssinia. This likely is the source of the reference to Aethiopia, the modern country of which name was certainly never under any Mongol suzerainty. 

According to the Cursus Honorum, Tiberius was not eligible to be Consul until the age of 42. As he was killed at the age of only 30 (163/2 BC to 133 BC) he was a long cry from being eligible for the Consulship, even given the extreme bending of the rules that was becoming commonplace about this time.