A separate question is why the lame-duck Congressional session is so long (~2 months), but that was back in the day when Congress didn't meet as much. Yes, the questioner did (deliberately so, presumably to make Donald Trump look bad as he's the only one who fails this artificially constructed meaningless test). 

According to this article discussing Bloomberg's possible run as an independent in International Business Times: Being in spotlight is good for his candidacy in general (especially for something that isn't majorly negative for him, or playing into Hillary's typical negative narratives, which this one isn't). 

Not because of this election, or Trump, or anything else, but because options are ALWAYS valuable. 

There are conflicting philosophies and approaches to this (and frankly, no good or clear answer). 

One more option, which I don't think is likely in practice, is that the State chooses to hold a State constitutional convention, which in turn, manages to come to a consensus with sufficient majority to amend the State constitution to pick a viable resolution on what to do. UPDATE 2016/12: While this answer was posted in 2014, US-post-2016-Presidential-election brou-haha with "Clinton won the popular vote" 100% vindicated this answer. It was a minor election, not attracting the attention of national parties. So there was little media scrutiny, opportunities for gaffes, the need for expensive media ad buys. She campaigned via hand-written letters, for deity's sake! 

Remember that the country is split close to 50-50, and in a lot of close swing states, turnout is key to winning, and that's driven in large part by motivation. 

More recently, we had elected offices occupied by: non-political spouses of deceased polititians (Bono); actors (The Governator); wrestlers (Ace Jesse Ventura). Tinkers, tailors, sailors and spies, too, I suspect, if one digs deep into state legislatures. We definitely had doctors (Howard Dean and both Pauls, to pick 2 opposites politically). 

"How was she able to get elected" is answered easily: she convinced more people than her opponents (first, in Republican primary, then in general election) to vote for her. 

However, if you did a FULL state recount, many (I think majority) of the models would have predicted Gore winning the recount.