It's quite unlikely. The axle length (hub spacing) will probably be rather different. That said, tubes are very stretchy. I've seen 24" tubes in 26" tyres. I've run slightly too thin tubes for months on end. In an emergency you can get away with pretty much anything that you can get to fit. But if you're planning, plan to do it right. Whatever you decide based on answers here I suggest you get a decent, dedicated spoke tool and print off or even buy on paper a comprehensive guide to truing wheels. You may have a multi tool with a spoke slot. Pretend you haven't. Use the brakes pads as a guide and hang the bike off a car rack or put it upside down, rather than spending a lot of money on tools which you might not use again. A spoke tool is cheap and handy for replacing the odd broken spoke. There's another format that looks like a hex nut on one end as well. That's a pinhead security fastener. You should have got a key to match with the bike. Without the matching key number you can't get a replacement key either. The usual technique, when you don't know for sure if any balls have been lost (or how many) is to go for "full minus one" -- enough balls to fill the race, then take one out. Pretty much coaster brakes themselves are interchangeable. There is an arm that comes out of the hub and is attached to the chain stay to counteract the torque of the brake. Generally the attachment is made with a strap, so a little difference in arm length is not a problem. (If you have the rare frame where the arm is attached to a tab on the frame, though, you may want to check arm length.) The tire is defective (least likely). The tire is simply not settling onto the rim properly. You managed to twist/pinch the tube while installing. If you twisted/pinched the tube then there will be low spots, where the tire does not seem to inflate fully. If you suspect this, of course, remove and reinstall the tube. Generally when new there is room for about half a ball additional in the bearing race, but very quickly wear of the cup makes it look like a ball is missing. And a ball bearing assembly can function reasonably well with 2-3 balls actually missing (though this will cause faster wear). I've found that normally there is an odd number of balls -- 9 or 11, eg. But there's no theoretical basis for this rule.