The majority of scholars consider the criterion of adulthood being mukallaf (required to perform Islamic rituals), which starts at the onset of puberty. Their rationale is that this is the point in life that Allah considers a person able to make decisions that leads to one's final desitnation: Jannah or Jahannam; accordingly, one is of the mental capability to make decisions. 

What comes to you of good is from Allah , but what comes to you of evil, [O man], is from yourself. And We have sent you, [O Muhammad], to the people as a messenger, and sufficient is Allah as Witness. 

Ibn Qayyim al-Jawziyya said in his book Bada'i' Al-Fawa-id (my own translation, so treat with care): 

Ibn Al-Qayyim said (my own translation, so treat with care): 

Finally, the various tafsirs do not support the view that sun actually sets in a murky water; rather, this is how it was perceived from the view of Dhul-Qarnayn as he saw the sun sink in the lake or pool. 

The two tribes of Bani Israel went to the Prophet ﷺ for arbitration. The verse in question was then revealed to the Prophet ﷺ. The translation of its meaning is: 

Abu Sa'id Khudri reported that a person came to Allah's Apostle (ﷺ) and told him that his brother's bowels were loose. Thereupon Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) said: Give him honey. So he gave him that and then came and said: I gave him honey but it has only made his bowels looser. He said this three times; then he came the fourth time, and he (the Holy Prophet) said: Give him honey. He said: I did give him, but it has only made his bowels looser, whereupon Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) said: Allah has spoken the truth and your brother's bowels are in the wrong. So he made him drink (honey) and he was recovered. In this hadith (attributed to 'Umar and not to the Prophet ﷺ), which was documented in several other books of hadith (e.g., Sahih Al-Bukhari, Al-Sunan Al-Kubra by Al-Nasa'i, Al-Sunan Al-Kubra by Al-Baihaqi, Sunan Ibn Majah, Musnad Abi Ya'la, Musnad Ahamd ibn Hanbal, Musnad Al-Humaidi, Musannaf Abi Shaiba, Al-Mustadrak, and others), 'Umar is predicting (and it is possible that this was based on something that 'Umar heard from the Prophet ﷺ) there would come a time when people would question the ruling of stoning adulterers. He added that it was revealed in the Qur'an, and that it was practiced by the Prophet ﷺ, and by his companions after him. The verse in the Qur'an was abrogated in recitation but not in ruling. This is also confirmed by 'A'isha bint Abu Bakr: 

A rabbi then asked the Prophet: "Do you want us, Muhammad, to worship you as the Christians worship Jesus son of Mary?" A Najrani Christian said: "Is this, Muhammad, what you are inviting us to?" The Prophet said: "I forbid myself to worship any other than Allah, or to command others to worship any other than Allah". Allah then revealed: This establishes that the hadiths in general, including the ones related to the stoning of married adulterers in specific, when authenticated, are treated as revelations from Allah ﷻ. So, it is natural that the Prophet ﷺ and his companions followed Allah's commands, be it through the Book or through the wisdom. 

The verse informed them of their entitlement to settle their dispute in a fair manner: a free man for a free man, a slave for a slave, etc. Retribution is not mandatory; Allah says in the same verse that "whoever overlooks from his brother anything, then there should be a suitable follow-up and payment to him with good conduct". Those who were killed with no retribution, the Prophet ﷺ ordered blood money to be paid in compensation. 

This basically establishes that the ruling was based on a previous verse in the Qur'an that was abrogated (hadith of 'A'ishah), and that the Prophet ﷺ did so (from the two hadiths that you quoted, and others), as did the companions (from the hadiths of 'Umar and 'Ubada). The next question is why continue with the ruling when it was abrogated from the Qur'an. This is because Qur'an is not the sole source of Shari'ah; it is both Qur'an and Sunnah: 

Note that the above verse was not the last verse revealed. Most scholars say Surat Al-Baqarah 2:281 was revealed after it as the last verse to be revealed in the Qur'an. Obviously this verse is using imagery to describe what happens to disbelievers on the day of judgment about what they perceive to be their good deeds. The chain of narration of the athar was documented by Ibn Abi Shaybah in his Musannaf as Zaid ibn al-Hobab al-'Ukli through Musa ibn 'Ubaida ibn Nasheet through Sadaqa ibn Yassar through 'Abdullah ibn 'Umar. Musa ibn 'Ubaida (a mawla of 'Umar ibn al-Khattab) is considered munkar (rejected) in his hadith due to his weak memory. This is most likely the tradition Pickthall was referring to. The athar portion of this long hadith by Ibn 'Umar is: Narrated by Ibn 'Abbas that the Prophet (ﷺ) said: "Healing is in three things: A gulp of honey, cupping, and branding with fire (cauterizing). But I forbid my followers to use (cauterization) branding with fire." Yes, the Qur'an does refer to the healing properties of honey: