A smaller piece of glass in which both tires deform and touch ground around the glass the softer (lower pressure) tire is always going to have more tire on ground around the glass and take more weight off the glass. The large tire is going to take enough weight off the glass to avoid penetration for a range of heights and sharpness. So there is a sweet spot. Go with the manufacturer for that sweet spot. Tire will have a pressure range. If you weigh 180 of more then use the maximum. If you wight 140 of less then use the minimum. In between use liner interpolation. If you weigh 160 you are 1/2 between and should use the pressure 1/2 way between. As for winter bike it does not snow where I live now but I think this would make a good snow bike. And if they salt you don't have expensive components getting eaten up. The bike below only takes a 2.1 in the rear but you can find them up to a 2.4. Why you are not seeing debris in the tire is a mystery to me. This is not an artificial condition. A glass bottle is about 4 mm thick. The small sharp shards of glass from the bottle are 4 mm. You stated you have 26 X 2.1 now. If you sink a bit now then stay at that width. If you don't sink then I would drop down to 1.75. As for why you see tread on road tires. You assume the tread is "engineered". For the most part I submit they offer tread because it sells. I like fixed as the front end is lighter and it does not move around. Carbon if you are willing to spend the money. You might also try tubes with sealant for small punctures. Tire pressure effects both pinch and puncture flats (and rolling resistance). Depends on how viscous and deep the mud is. Puncture resistance tires work better for me. If you ride the same piece of glass long enough it will eventually works its way into both tires. So inspect your tires for glass. On a regular basis. For sure every time you air them. This diagram is the trailer being pull toward this line of text. When you brake it is like pushing the trailer and the play would go opposite. Water has basically no traction. Hydroplane is a combination of speed, viscosity, liquid depth, weight, and tire contact surface area. A bike rarely generates enough speed to hydroplane. A bike is typically going with small tire diameter for rolling resistance. Even in a car if you slow down to 40 mph you don't hydroplane. In a loaded down truck you can 80 mph and not hydroplane. You still get less traction on wet asphalt as wet asphalt is not as sticky. You did not get lifted off the asphalt (hydroplane) but you still have some loose water molecules on the surface and in the cracks acting as independent ball bearings. You pushed through the water as a mass but water is still on and in the surface. Like after no rain for a while and even a little rain it combines for slime. Water on an oil patch stay away. No amount of tread is going to hold you on water on oil at even 5 mph - hold on. A sharp object penetrates tire and tube. The two most common types of flats are 1) pinch 2) puncture Single speed means no derailleur to break. And smaller chain ring and bash guard gives you more clearance. Higher pressure maybe a longer life but still stay in the range. If you weigh 140 lb then not worth a higher pressure for a harsher ride to maybe get a few more miles. Then along comes a hard shinny skinny tire that cannot absorb the glass and at the point it is just tire on glass there is sufficient pressure for the glass to penetrate the tire. The higher pressure tire did deform but not as much as much as the lower pressure tire. In this example when the tire was directly on the glass no tire was in contract with ground to take the part of the load. And consider $ / mile. You can buy a $50 tire that is probably not going to last twice as long as a $25 tire. I would not rub on an expensive frame. I would not rub on even a cheap frame. Don't pick the bike just for the tires. You can changes the tires. Pick a bike that will take up to 35mm. Since you already have a mtn bike with flat bars then consider more of a cross style with drop bars for a more of a range of bicycles. Most definitely. I have some Schwalbe Marathon Plus HS 440 - very puncture resistant tire. It is hard rubber and has a puncture insert. It is a hard tire and gives a hard ride anywhere in the pressure range. I have a softer same size less less ballistic tire on another bike and at the same pressure it is a softer ride a nicer grip. And it is not the bike - I noticed the hard ride as soon as I put the tires on the bike. That is not scrub a bit - that is scrub a lot. I don't agree a softer tire will not scrub. Yes a softer tire will give bit but then it has no option but to scrub. With no load I suspect the wheels are not aligned perfectly and then those short short axles play. A little play on that short radius is a lot of alignment. For that picture and the pictures you had on the fork question I would go 32mm or even 35mm. A 35mm is not not going to be as fast but it should be softer and have more grip. And also which type of tire. A hard tire maximized for durability and puncture resistance is not the way to go as it is harsh and heavy. Look for a softer tire that will take a broader ranges of pressure. Not a race tire but a lighter touring or city tire. Unless you are over like 170 lbs then run it at less than maximum pressure.