This reason no longer applies, but the ruling remains in effect, because the Prophet (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) did raml in the Farewell Pilgrimage. So, we do it to follow the Prophet (salallahu alayhi wassalam) who we consider as the best guide. 

These jurists also argued on the basis of the report "that the Prophet (God's peace and blessings be upon him) did not prostrate during (the recitation of ) al-Mufassal Surahs", and also on the reports that he did prostrate during their recitation, a reconciliation between these implies that the prostrations are not obligatory. Each one of them reported what he saw, that is, those who said that he prostrated and those who said that he did not. Abu Hanifa, on the other hand, relied in this on the argument that the principle is to construe the commands as implying an obligation, and also those reports that amount to commands. Regarding, finishing Qur'an in 5-10 days, that is permissible. This is because, there is no prescribed period of time, except that it is best that it is not completed before three days. This is because of the hadeeth of Abdullah ibn 'Amr where Prophet salallahu alayhi wassalam told him 

However, there is room of difference regarding that as well, since some scholars said this cannot be applied to Ramadaan. Imam al-Shafi'i was of the opinion that Qur'an can be finished every day or every night. What is necessary is that one should not haste but rather beautify the recitation of Qur'an and find peace in it. Apart from that, if you are not going to follow what Prophet (salallahu alayhi wassalam) [whose guidance is the best] did, then people are going to come up with new alternatives to corrupt the religion. Would you consider that as a better thing to follow? First of all, Taraweeh is not a obligatory prayer but optional. It is a stressed Sunnah i.e. there is a great reward for those who perform it and there is no blame upon one who does not. If you want to reap great benefits, continue performing it the whole month of Ramadan. If you leave it, there is no blame upon you. Be it 5 to 10 days or even greater. But, you will be missing a great benefit. About the hukm of the prostrations of recitation, Abu Hanifa and his disciples said that they are obligatory. Malik and al-Shafi'i said that they are prescribed as a sunna and are not obligatory. The reason for disagreement arises from their dispute about the implication of the commands requiring prostrations and the traditions that convey the meaning of the commands. For example, whether the (following) words of the Exalted,