Radar was brand new. Its potential to be a decisive factor in an air battle was only just demonstrated in the summer of 1940 during the Battle of Britain. The US had a little over a year to react. In terms of range, crossbows and longbows did have an advantage at 200 to 300 meters vs 100 to 200 meters for the Brown Bess. Once that gap is closed, muskets have all the advantages of weight of fire. The range advantage of bows is further reduced by the obscuring smoke from black powder (just because your army is using bows doesn't mean the enemy is). For example, the French Lebel and ubiquitous German Gewehr 98 (aka "the Mauser") were 1.3 meters long! These were later cut down into carbine versions like the Karabiner 98k, but still very long at 1.1 meters. The US WWII M1 Garand service rifle was also 1.1 meters. Even a modern M16 rifle is 1 meter long. UNPROFOR and UNTAC: Lessons Learned as to Requirements for Planning, Training, and Equipment by John O. B. Sewall, M. Gen., USA (Ret.) Vice Director of the Institute for National Strategic Studies, National Defense University The Czech plan has them attacking through southern Germany. The Czech's were to be prepared... Dame Vivienne Westwood uses a "tank" to protest fracking. It's not a tank, but a strange Armored Personnel Carrier that I cannot identify. The markings indicate it is the "Tank Limo" hired from Tanks-A-Lot. It has seven road wheels, three return rollers, a front sprocket drive, a squat turret with what is likely a low velocity cannon, and a large crew door in the rear. No, it doesn't matter if you still call yourself "Emperor". An emperor with no empire, no "aggregate of nations or people" to rule over, is just a king. Less-Than-Lethal Pulling a gun means you're going to kill someone. There's no "I'll shoot the bad guy in the leg" or "I'll shoot the gun out of his hand", guns simply aren't that accurate, and you can bleed out or go into shock from any number of bullet wounds. Afterward develop the advance toward Lyon. My conclusion is the UN bureaucracy was not ready to conduct a military campaign against an adversary that was not playing by UN rules. In their attempts to avoid escalating the conflict they failed to give their troops the means to conduct their basic missions. The Bosnian Serbs prodded UNPROFOR in a series of escalating incidents, learned their limits, what lies they would believe, and how to tie them up diplomatically.