So let's go chronologically through the works of history we have: 

Where you get dramatic internal-driven change wasn't really after the first French Revolution, but the Second (1848). This touched off a series of Liberal revolutions which today we might call a "European Spring", although over 50 countries all over the world were affected. 

The only common ancestor these two language families really have is Proto-Indo-European. They probably split into their two distinct branches at least 3,000 years ago (possibly as much as 5). 

If you compare this with the previous map, you will see that San Marino is somewhere in the border area between the brown (P-S) and the Red (Papal State). The P-S forces marched down the Adriatic coast (probably right by San Marino), defeating the Pope at Castelfidarfdo on the way, to meet up with Garibaldi's forces in Naples. 

So here's what it looked like it 1861: 

However, that's just the most popular theory. Apparently only about 3 words of the language survive, along with some names. That really isn't enough to say anything definitive about it. 

Colin McEvedy argued in his Penguin Atlas of Medieval History that conversion was a good political move for the Franks. 

However, the common folk in that area spoke Latin, and never stopped just because their ruling class was now German. Over time their Latin language drifted until it became the language we now call "French". 

It is probably somewhat, but not entirely coincidental. 

So I don't personally find this all that unlikely. However, garb in Poland may have been different, and summer garb in Spain or Greece was almost certainly different. 

1136 - Geoffrey of Monmouth's The History of the Kings of Britian, nowdays considered more of a work of literature than history, depicts Arthur as a king ruling an empire covering France, the British Isles, and Iceland. Guinevere and Avalon make appearances here. 1160-1180 - Chrétien de Troyes, A french poet and story-teller working in France takes up the story of Arthur, adds in such staples as Lancelot and The Holy Grail quest (and of course the love triangle with Guinevere), and kicked off a whole new genre of literature, the Artherian Romance. Back when I was a kid, many historians took some of the latter histories at face value. Nowdays it looks like there are two camps: those who think that there probably was some kind of historial Celtic cheiftan Arthur fighting at Mount Badon against the Saxons, but most of the rest is probably made up, and those who feel the whole shebang was made up.