If your spouse was a merchant before you married them, they will sell the same goods they would normally. If not, they will sell pawnbroker-type goods and (reportedly) loose items you leave in their inventory. They will not sell items you leave around the house. Long answer: You can sort of wing it with with the console. You do this at your own risk, as we have no idea what kind of black magic the mannequin script contains to protect your items, make the weapons display, etc. The console is really for debugging the game, not editing the game. According to UESP, the more life sources you detect, the more experience you gain. No word on if hostile units provide more experience compared to friendly units. Other than that, I didn't use them much, for the reasons you mentioned. Of all the perks they put in the game, I don't know why there isn't a perk to make winding up Master spells faster. You're really vulnerable while preparing and holding them, since you can't move. As for the expense of the spell: I would be very careful which NPC you select. Save before you do it. I used them for the lols during fort attacks in the Stormcloak/Imperial war quests, since there are a lot of targets around you. You can also sneak up to groups of enemies while stealthy/Invisible and let off one of them to start the fight. Increasing crafting skills increases the potency of the product created. More powerful potions/enchants, and better smithing upgrades at a workbench. Increasing your skills makes you more effective in their use. The way in which this happens vary by skill. There are two bullets missing from yx.'s excellent answer: In the case of the various schools of magic, it comes in the form of reducing the Magicka cost of higher level spells, allowing you to cast more powerful alternatives to your earlier weaker ones. Yes it's possible. Rather than trying to use the physics object grab or spamming Fus Ro Dah however, a better choice is to use one of the 'raise dead' spells from the Conjuration school. This will allow your Skeever Suitcase (or Bandit Backpack, Draugr Drawer, Vampire Valise, Necromancer Knapsack, Stormcloak Satchel, or even Legionairre Luggage - whatever is handy really) to follow you through cave, town, building, and zone entrances, offering much more versatility. When dual wielding, is there any penalty to the offhand weapon, whether of damage or attack speed? What about a spell equipped on that slot? Or is the dragonborn ambidextrous? Increasing Speechcraft and Sneak, and Pickpocket improves your chance of success when using those skills, and, in the case of Speechcraft, improves the prices you'll get from merchants. Increasing lock picking increases the size of the 'Sweet Spot' when picking locks and increases the number of failed attempts before breaking a pick. Most of the weapon/armor skills manifest as direct damage/damage reduction increases that you'll see when you attempt to equip the related items. . Experience bonus: This is hinted at with the idea of Spouse Management, but the experience bonus from being 'Well-Rested' is doubled when you sleep in a bed you own (from 5 to 10 percent), and tripled (to 15%) if you do so in an owned bed shared with your spouse. This is a huge help to grinding up the last few points of many hard to level skills, and the ability to have convenient crafting stations nearby makes it very easy to use this bonus to level those skills.