Socketing was a feature that was in the game very early on, but ultimately it didn't end up enhancing the play experience as we had hoped. 

Immune: Immune to whatever status effect you're trying to apply. This can be knockback, stun, snared, or any other status effect, depending on the individual in question. Bottom line - one or more of your status effects isn't "sticking", so to speak. Unlike Diablo II, no monster in Diablo III is supposed to be immune to a damage type (though they might have high resistances). 

Frozen: Mostly the same as stunned, but certain skills, like the Wizard's Frost Nova's Shatter Rune, cause frozen enemies to behave differently. Frozen enemies leave no corpse. 

Act II: Silmak the Fence Silmak is also chilling in the Northwestern part of the town, though in his case, he's overlooking the city, a little east of the healer. 

Charmed: Fight other monsters instead of the player 

Seeing as they can drop on any difficulty level, farming Izual/Diablo in normal or nightmare is a pretty straight forward way to get the plans. 

At what price for a flawless square does it become worth taking a DIY approach? For example in Diablo 2 it was well known that you wanted to wait to open all 3 portals at the same time to take the randomness out of it, is that possible in Diablo 3? 

Since the plans are legendary items additional magic find can help them appear, from that point of view you can get 475% MF with MP10 and hit him in Normal or Nightmare. 

How does this work for normal legendaries? 

I have noticed that there is an armor progression for each of 

Some users are playing with stereoscopic 3D using Nvidia's glasses as described here and one person references ctrl+t as the toggle, but it seems that this is NVidia's technology and not built into Diablo 3 itself. Crafting equipment has always entailed some risk. In Diablo 2, the best players would hoard perfect rubies to try to create "Blood" gear (items with strong life leech). If your build calls for such a piece then it may be the small advantage you need to start succeeding in Inferno.