There is current research on the topic, which so far indicates that language is just one module of thought, and many others can operate independently. But it's an active area of research in cognitive science now, and if you doubt that experiments yield insight into it, first review some of the research. (In particular the PNAS paper.) 

Why do we find these things ridiculous? Hard to say--maybe it's just a way of applying social pressure (since the pressure of reason has clearly already gone awry) to prevent the spread of nonsense. We also have, however, oodles of evidence that the scientific method works way better (where "better" means "more successful at building robust and lasting knowledge") than anything else we've tried. If you want to frame this in scientific terms and do experiments on it, you can, but it's kind of like scientific studies to determine whether drinking water is necessary: there's so much evidence around already that doing a separate experiment is an exercise in pedantics not accumulating knowledge. Now, philosophy does not constrain itself to that which is robustly provable, nor does it take care to the degree that science does to assess certainty of various models and assumptions. But the idea that all philosophy is just flim-flam is as badly nonsensical as nonsense can be. Thoughts exist in the brain, very likely as patterns of transient electrochemical activity. There are also "afferent copies" of neural activity in many regions--signals not really used for normal processing, but broadcast nonetheless for various reasons (e.g. afferent copies of motor commands seem to function as a predictive signal for where limbs will be). 

We can defer to the simple mathematical laws that the universe seems to run by and note that those are Turing computable, and therefore our minds ought to be, but this falls rather shy of a formal proof (or if made formal it's a very unsatisfying one as it takes as axiomatic the Turing computability of the unverse and that our minds are implemented by our brains which are wholly products of the universe). 

To be conscious of something, one may need some sort of processing distinct from non-conscious processing. So there could be some specialized centers for conscious processing. (Might not be localized to one spot in the brain, though.) 

We cannot meaningfully prove that the mind is not Turing-computable, since we cannot enumerate the computations of the mind (so that we could show that each is Turing-computable by constructing a Turing machine that performs the same computation). Edit: more nails in the coffin of the conscious-language-first hypothesis. Turns out you subconsciously do arithmetic and parse short sentences. Whatever is going on in there is pretty complex and nonobvious.