There are a range of approaches that afford 'consciousness' to evolution itself. (This is clearly proposed in Hermes Tresmagistus and the Zohar, and explicitly extrapolated forward by folks with pantheistic eschatologies like Terrence McKenna or Alan Watts). The main forms of that opinion are part of perennial religious philosophies, and are recaptured in a philosophical form by Hegel. 

Theories of action that incorporate this perspective, have to see agents of many orders, which appear to have a composite will, but only some of which have a regulating mechanism akin to a self. 

Is there a useful continuum of 'mental-ness' that clarifies or points up the sticking points between different basic positions or theories? 

First, arguments from your opponents stated motivation are obviously flawed. He is using an inappropriate notion of cause, and therefore of solution: 

A great deal of the theory of mind is based upon supposedly obvious observations about our mental states. E.g. that they are immediately available, or that they are introspectable, at least in theory. 

Nietzsche thought we had already far surpassed that point in his day, and that no real improvement could be made to the quality of life, only to its ease. He predicted that unless a succession of great ideas arose to reverse this tide, mankind would get more and more equal, less and less willing to change, and overall invest all their energy in making one another comfortable, until the efficiency of society was entirely gone, and our overall standard of living would descend until life was very easy for everyone, but simply not worth living. We would converge to being 'The Last Man' who kills himself over the 'Bad Conscience' of his 'Wretched Contentment'. 

That will expresses, if anything, more freedom than an individual. Any individual rioting mob member could choose to resist the action. He does not appear to be a mechanism driven deterministically by alcohol and testosterone, incapable of simply stopping. There is an ongoing re-engagement in the process that seems open to random change originating from any participant. And eventually, sanity takes hold of a critical mass of those involved and ends the process. 

Although I respect Ken Wilbur and other transpersonalists, they seem to see evolution as a single track, whereas it is clearly something more complex. It presents to us at least a tree of evolutions, and perhaps a network where traits emerge and fold back together into more complex systems than could evolve in a simple, goal-seeking manner. 

The two clearest examples I have encountered lately: 

That indicates that the much more ambiguous category of social motives is what matters to us. (A statement so obvious it is almost a pun.) And we do not pursue any basic approach to just describing reality, including exchanging pictures.