There is nothing anywhere in the writings of John Chrysostom that suggests he holds Pelagius' views that man can be saved without God's grace. One need only look to his commentary on 1 Corinthians 15:10 to confirm this: It should be noted that prior to the New Testament canon being formally closed for the entire Church at the 7th Ecumenical Council (787), Clement's Epistle did appear in some New Testament manuscripts - most notably the Codex Alexandrinus, dating to the early 5th century. 

Cassian enumerated a number of Scriptures in support of his opinion in the same Conferences: In his initial defense against Pelagius, Augustine took an extreme view that man is saved entirely by grace without any involvement of man's free will whatsoever. In "On Rebuke and Grace" he wrote: The Greek literally says (in different word order) "the disciples were called first Christians" (χρηματισαι τε πρωτον ... τους μαθητας χριστιανους). Perhaps it may be true that the Christians called themselves Christians, but the Greek text does not supply the reflexive (i.e. "the disciples called themselves Christians"). 

The former Gospel of Thomas - along with all other non-canonical Gospels - was roundly condemned by Cyril of Jerusalem in his fifth catechetical lecture: 

Several Fathers came out against Augustine's extreme views - which Augustine himself later came to renounce later in life. Most notably was John Cassian, who wrote in his Conferences: Some have painted Cassian's view of synergy - the cooperation of man's will with God's grace - with a broad brush and called it just Pelagianism, plain and simple. But belief that man is saved through the cooperation of his free will with God's grace is a far cry from belief that man can be saved through his free will alone. Even the synergistic view - which John Cassian points out has firm support in Scripture - is derided by some as being "semi-Pelagian". Aside from a possible quote from the book in Clement's 2nd Epistle (whose authenticity Eusebius seems to dispute), there is no evidence that any Church Father considered the Gospel of Thomas or any other apocryphal gospel to be canonical. It is not included in the list given by Athanasius (Festal Letter XXXIX), nor in any of the lists enumerated by any local or ecumenical council, nor in the later Exact Exposition of the Orthodox Faith, by John of Damascus. Yes, it's the annual Pontifical Yearkbook. Here's the Vatican press release about the publication of the 2017 edition. 

The Catholic Church—since at least the time of Charlemagne, his tutor Alcuin of York, et al.—promoted learning, established parochial schools, and laid the foundations of the modern university. The Church is "the pillar and ground of truth" (1 Tim. 3:15). 

Vatican I called this the Roman Pontiff's "pastoral duty" or pastorale munus (ibid.). 

Many of us remember how, before the liturgical reform due to the Second Vatican Council, the celebrant and the faithful knelt at the end of each Mass to recite the prayer to Our Lady and one to St. Michael the Archangel. We report the text of this latter because it is a beautiful prayer which can be fruitfully recited by all: 

The following is an excellent historical work which overviews the medieval university, preparatory schools, popular education, technical education, women, hospitals, law, and economics: It is also a myth that only the clergy had access to Holy Scripture. Although wealthy medievals certainly had more elaborate Books of Hours, some poorer literate medievals carried around simpler ones, too, reading them throughout the day. See this video and this one (and these, too) for an introduction to Books of Hours and this website for pictures of medieval Books of Hours. cf. ch. 6 article 1 of Mother of the Saviour and Our Interior Life by Fr. Réginald Garrigou-Lagrange, O.P., or the Catholic Encyclopedia article "Devotion to the Blessed Virgin Mary," § "The Age of the Fathers" 

St. Thomas Aquinas's commentary on John 21:15-17 overviews the duties of a pope. A pope is to feed the flock (i.e., all Christians) by: 

On the part of the Church, however, there is mercy which looks to the conversion of the wanderer, wherefore she condemns not at once, but "after the first and second admonition," as the Apostle directs: after that, if he is yet stubborn, the Church no longer hoping for his conversion, looks to the salvation of others, by excommunicating him and separating him from the Church, and furthermore delivers him to the secular tribunal to be exterminated thereby from the world by death. For Jerome commenting on Gal. 5:9, "A little leaven," says: "Cut off the decayed flesh, expel the mangy sheep from the fold, lest the whole house, the whole paste, the whole body, the whole flock, burn, perish, rot, die. Arius was but one spark in Alexandria, but as that spark was not at once put out, the whole earth was laid waste by its flame." 

The Church never condemned Ockham's theories, although Ockham was excommunicated for leaving Avignon without permission. What verses, or other arguments, were made, particularly by Baptists at the time (to narrow the question), to support slavery, particularly as practices in the US, as an institution compatible with and/or condoned by Christianity? 

I have not yet found a specific, authoritative reference for the fact that Christians worship on Sunday because that is when Christ was raised, but some references include here and here 

I don't need an exhaustive list--I'm sure that would take tomes. An overview of the matter is sufficient. This practice is mentioned in the New Testament, specifically in 1 Corinthians 14: According to Wikipedia, which cites two sources, the Emerging Church sees itself as emerging from the "inherited church". 

To be clear, most Christians do not celebrate "The Sabbath" on Sunday. Strictly speaking, Christians do not celebrate the Sabbath at all* (although many Christians still refer to their "day of rest" as their "sabbath day", even though this has no direct relationship to the Jewish Sabbath.) Christians traditionally celebrate on Sundays because this is the day Christ was raised from the grave.