21,968,671 actual rep generated from ~1.4m answers These images would be shown in addition to the existing 404 page text, so nothing is getting lost, we're just trying to inject a little fun into the process. I particularly enjoyed the Google Webmaster Central blog entry Tips for getting help with your site. EDIT: Jarrod implemented displaying total up/down votes today. This is currently deployed to meta and will be deployed to other sites in the evening PST later today. Simply click on the vote number itself to show up/down vote totals. Requires 1000 rep. As for all the others, I believe we've discussed them in some detail here on meta, and I was wondering if we could somehow incorporate this advice, maybe in the "how to ask" sidebar? 1.96, 1.69 The median question and answer scores are 1 in all cases. It covers how to ask questions in a public forum rather well, and I think almost all the rules apply to our Q&A engine: But not you. I like you. You're nice. If your submission or suggestion is highly voted and meets the criteria outlined, it's likely to be deployed as the "official" 404 image for one of the trilogy sites … 28 For all users with > 4000 reputation: So to display it on every post would incur 2 vote table queries * number of visible questions / answers. Our DB is fast, but the vote table is pretty massive, and not doing a query is always faster than doing it.. So, then, the question: what should our CHM plaque say? I'd like to have amusing but on-topic images for our 404 Page Not Found page on: It seems like meta accounts are being included, even though they just mirror your reputation from the parent sites. I noticed this happening to a "Top Question" in my global profile on StackExchange.com: original title: "Abusing" bounties for unlimited profit
displayed title: Abusing" bounties for unlimited profi As a test, I prepended a double-quote character to the title of another one of my other top posts. The same thing happened to it. Unbroken words are typically broken/forced to wrap when they grow longer than a line: Uploaded avatars are displayed in a very low quality in the combined flair. I can't see anything that make this question unique, but none of my other few-hundred favorites are doubled. original title: "[open]" + "[source]" versus "[open-source]"
displayed title: [open]“ + ”[source]“ versus ”[open-source] This affects the URL slugs as well as the displayed titles. They seemed to be submitted normally, but the messages were silently dropped. This bug only affects uploaded avatars. Gravatars still work fine. In the "Top Questions" and "Top Answers" listings on Stack Exchange global profiles, the last and first characters are missing from any titles that start with a double-quote character. If you sum the reputation of all of your accounts, including your meta accounts (but apparently excluding discuss.area51?) it sums to 20112 reputation [try it]. This is close enough to your chat profile's value that I think I'm right and the difference is probably due to caching. They are still able to edit the answer if they visit the edit page directly; this only affects the question view. Are short messages supposed to be blocked? If so, can this be reflected in the interface like it is for comments, rather than just silently dropping input in one of the few cases where it can't be edited later? One question is appearing twice in my list of favorites. Using a title longer than 100 characters for a Data Explorer query produces an MS SQL error message: Changing the sort order doesn't affect it. Haney reached out to Jeff Kaplan at the Internet Archive, and the torrent has been restored: They are displayed fine in the per-site flairs. The code that grants non-10k users the ability to see their own deleted questions but not independently-deleted answers appears to be applying to 10k users as well, even though in their case it's a restriction of privilege.