Without being dismissive of your question, because it's absolutely valid (upvote), you'd be better off spending your time learning the truly tangible elements of poker. Game theory, and the hard landscape concerning the fundamental maths will serve you better than spending time on the ethereal vagaries of "soul reading". Villain's a good player so I know his pre-flop range is very wide here. Thus, I can assume that I'll often flop good equity with this hand and It's likely I have card-advantage in this situation vs this opponent. Generally, as we are deep there is a fair amount of room for manoeuvre here. Turn: ($139, 2 players) Q♥ Hero bets $105, CO calls $105 River: (24.3BB, 2 players) K♠ BB bets 9 BB, Hero ??? As I mentioned in a comment for another answer on this thread, Stars published the results of it's RNG audit here by a company called Cigital who specialize in software security. Also... I doubt anyone could tell you that they can provide solid evidence about the timing of someones bets online. They might have nipped to the toilet for all you know! At BEST, they're unreliable. K-10 suited is not just outside the tight range in early position. That is a very loose call. That is only a calling hand in late position. That hand only wins 25% against 5 random hands. Pre I think call is fine as it is the type of hand that does well multi-way. If they limit the number of players then take size * entry fee and go with the smallest. I they are raising you loose like 1/4 of the hands then KK is a 3:1 favorite. You should push with 99+ and AKs. Then you are a 2:1 favorite and play more hands. At the federal level they made processing the money transaction illegal. Turn You bet almost 1/3 your stack. You are pot committed. You put yourself in a bad spot. You let a flush get there. Getting 3:1 I think you call. They could do this with K or weaker Ace. A simple chart like this is really good starting hands guide of when to play, raise, and re-raise. From there you can size you raise / re-raise but getting fancier than that is for very good players that have good reads. An Ace to me should have checked to stack you on the river I guess they did it before you had a chance to think about it Flop Not enough behind to protect bottom pair on a wet board. Brynn has outs. I could go with taking a stab at the pot but he is the short stack so I would just check. Most states don't allow gambling and you could have the same argument of jobs and tax revenue. Gambling is not widely accepted as a positive contribution to society (in the USA). Maniac did not put you on a K and must have thought his Q was good. I think that was a bad call but he was deep and had a chance to take you out. River: (24.3BB, 2 players) K♠ BB bets 9 BB, Hero ??? Pre Flop: Hero is CO has 6♠ 5♠ 1 folds, MP raises to $18, Hero calls $18, 3 folds Pre Flop: Hero on SB has K♠ T♥ 2 folds, CO raises to $26, 1 fold, Hero calls to $20 $1.00 NL ZOOM (6 max) - Holdem - 6 players Tells are relative and implicit. Game mechanics are objective and explicit. If we do happen to have 2-Pair or better at this point, if your opponent is capable turning weak made hands into bluffs (e.g. He has pairs) or gutshots/turned flush draws that missed, sometimes check-raising is a good option to create even greater +EV situations in the future, and deter your opponent from bluffing at too many rivers. K⋄Q⋄ and K⋄J⋄ are possible but unlikely. K⋄Q⋄ wants to showdown and we lose to the K⋄J⋄ straight anyway. Q⋄J⋄ and Tx want to showdown more than they want to bluff.