Pressed by the Allies, Franco ordered all volunteers to return to Spain in late 1943. This is an important point, by 1944 Franco could see the writing on the wall and was more and more cooperating with the Allies. Japanese thinking was heavily influenced by their victory at the Battle of Tsushima. A Russian fleet, worn out after traversing half the globe, was destroyed near the home islands in one decisive battle. First thing to realize is WWII submarines aren't really submarines like modern submarines are. They are first and foremost surface ships. They spend most of their time on the surface where they can see (relying on lookouts with binoculars), move quickly, and use relatively cheap and plentiful deck gun ammunition to sink vulnerable merchant ships. It wasn't until the revolutionary Type XXI, completed at the war's very end, that the submarine would be able to spend the majority of its time under water. There's two things to address here. First, the deck of a ship is far more vulnerable. Second, and here I'm getting into informed speculation a bit, a diving attack has a much higher chance of reaching the target. Underwater a WWII submarine is very slow, has very limited battery power (a few hours at any kind of speed), limited breathing time, and must fire relatively short ranged (1000-5000 meters effective range), slow (20-40 knots), unguided, expensive torpedoes which are in limited supply and slow to reload. A Type VII submarine had only 14 torpedoes and just 6 tubes (4 bow, 2 stern). Once they were fired it could take an hour to reload. Hitting a slow, unaware, leisurely zig-zagging merchant ship was tricky enough and it usually took all 4 bow torpedoes to guarantee a hit. Hitting a fast, wildly maneuvering warship aware of your presence is almost impossible. Finally, hitting the side of a ship is surprisingly difficult, especially for a poorly trained pilot under intense fire in a probably damaged aircraft with surface guts of wind blowing them around. As huge as WWII ships seem, there wasn't much hull sticking above the waterline. In trying to hit that narrow target you're likely to hit the ocean, fly over the top, or glance off the deck. In contrast diving on a ship is easier, keep your nose pointed at the target and let gravity do the rest. This is part of why dive bombing was so effective. Did a torpedo fired from a capital ship (which I'm defining as a heavy cruiser, battlecruiser or battleship) ever hit anything? How many were ever fired in anger? Was it all just a costly boondoggle? Once they crash through that deck armor there's nothing to stop that 500kg bomb. It plunges through unarmored decks and eventually explodes somewhere deep in the bowels of the ship causing damage. Worse, there are a lot of things on a WWII US Navy ship that burn really well. Fuel, ammunition, rags, oil, paint, wood, rubber... it's this fire that has the potential to do damage well beyond what a relatively small bomb can do. A raging fire can put a ship out of action for months. That's exactly what the Japanese hoped to do, severely damage ships so they would have to be sent back across the Pacific for extensive, lengthy repairs. Here is a BM-13N Katyusha on display at the Museum of the Great Patriotic War. It uses a Lend-Lease US-built Studebaker US6 truck as its base. The IJN had a tendency to write battle plans which were overconfident. They assumed the cooperation of the enemy and belittled their abilities. In planning the Battle Of Midway, the Japanese commanders stated where US carriers would be (far away in the Aleutians) and how they would react (by rushing to Midway). Midway was supposed to be the decisive battle the IJN was seeking, and it would be, but not the way they thought. In addition to ASW hunters, any merchant ships transiting the Strait can be formed into convoys and protected by heavy ASW escort. Since the submarines are bunched up in the Strait, the same ASW fleet can protect all convoys moving through the gap. Submarines would not be allowed unescorted targets. The establishment of order in Europe and the rebuilding of national economic life must be achieved by processes which will enable the liberated peoples to destroy the last vestiges of nazism and fascism and to create democratic institutions of their own choice. This is a principle of the Atlantic Charter - the right of all people to choose the form of government under which they will live - the restoration of sovereign rights and self-government to those peoples who have been forcibly deprived to them by the aggressor nations.