ON Edit: I understand why you do not want to be found out for searching your son's room. It feels dishonest. However not telling the truth is also dishonest and as you are teaching honesty, then you have to be honest. It's fine to say that as a parent, you felt you had to see what was happening. He had been caught drinking and had broken your trust. This was the consequence for that. You can explain that parenting is a huge responsibility and that even when you try your best, you make mistakes. It is how we handle mistakes that makes us better people. He can show that he got the message in how he takes the consequences for his own actions and how he deals with them. With maturity comes responsibility and privilege -- it is a package deal. 

As we discover triggers for unwanted behaviours (getting close to lunch time -- hungry; tired, fearful; sick/hurting; transition from one area or activity to another; arrival/home time; wanting space; wanting a toy -- any sharing situation is difficult for young children; new person in the area; trouble at home...), we can watch to redirect the child and comfort them and even remove them from that specific situation. Staff, parents, teachers and caregivers do have to be vigilant, especially when the behaviour is a health risk, like climbing, biting, hitting, running away, throwing objects and so on. 

Child points and selects. "You chose the juice. Here is the juice." When the child gets comfortable, the teacher can make a 'mistake'. The child then has to let the person know that she got water instead of juice. (This is not about denial of what the child needs or wants. It is about soft encouragement to get a message across.) 

This is an overview. I am not supplying you with a management program but with an idea. Though I did do this for a living, this is the internet. I have not met you or what is even more important, I have not met your child. 

If he misses breakfast because it takes him so long to get ready, ignore it, but give him a yogurt or granola bar to take to school. 

Biting must be taken seriously. The site Bugs provided is excellent, so I will repeat it here 

While I personally do not think spanking or hitting is the way to go -- I will affirm that spanking or hitting when the message is convoluted is pointless. So if you are going to discipline this way, the child must understand why you feel it is necessary and that his other parent agrees with you. It should never be done in anger. 

Pictures, photos, picture symbols, emotion boards (an area where the pictures show faces and the caregiver has discussed what each facial expression means.) When a child is happy -- the teacher can hold up the happy picture and tell the child, "You are happy." When the child is upset, "You are upset." The child is encouraged to show the teacher the symbol that represents how they feel and then the adult can help the child express it, understand it and perhaps help the child to feel better. 

You might find this article from Huff Post interesting. If your daughter feels that you are displeased, it might be impacting her ability to learn from you. 

Behaviourists will tell you that if it takes 15 minutes of tantrum for a child to get what they want, we have taught them to keep screaming. Next time they'll increase the time and volume until the parent 'gets the message'. This is a great time to teach, 'no means no'. If you think it over and discover that you were wrong or unfair, then you admit you made a mistake -- but never during a tantrum. This is why it pays to be a thoughtful parent. Breathe, think and then react. 

Don't forget to tell your son when you are happy with him and to tell him that you love him even when you aren't happy with his choices. You aren't walling him off -- you are just not fighting with him.