The brake cables should move okay - you might need to remove and refix some temporary tape. Tools: You'll need a 5mm hex driver (maybe 4mm or 6mm, maybe a philips if its old, or flathead if its ancient) Some tape to finish the bartape wrap, and sharp scissors to cut the tape. If you do want to remove it, you're better off finding another rear wheel that fits and lacks the coaster hub. The local recycling shop here has plenty of bikes for $10, great parts donors. 

So they specify the convex washers should be by the brake arm, and the concave ones should face them, which is the right-most image in the earlier pictures. Resin or Organic: Non-metallic, porous, worse in water. Much better initial grab, quicker wearing If all the other parts swap over unmodified, you're very lucky. 

If you disagree with any part of this answer, please make comments. 

Edit: Here's the official instructions from Kool Stop about MTB brake blocks. Financially feasible? Probably not. I'd simply change the brake pads to Kool Stop, maybe run a new inner and outer cable, and leave that single pivot in place. Clean the rim's braking track too. 

From http://problemsolversbike.com/products/brakes/travel_agents_-_6416 

Honestly, the back brake contributes so little to braking that its not worth fitting a dual pivot. Most braking is done on the front wheel, so fitting a disk brake there will get you 90% of the improvements anyway. You need a disk brake rotor, disk-compatible hub, a caliper, possibly a mounting adapter, a cable or hose, and a new brake lever. Buying all that new could cost as much as a good lightly-used bike. 

Disk/Disc brakes are on the must-have list, but the descriptions of brake pads are confusing. 

Answer: No - you can't just move the brake levers up the curve of the handlebar drops. If you did this, the bar tape would be bunched up above the hoods and skinnied-out below the hoods. 

Sintered: with metal in the pads, better in the wet and for heavier riders, and transits more heat than resin. Longer lasting Curiously, the order of the other washers is based on their thickness and the rim/frame/fork's requirements. Replacing the fork is easier, but you're going to need a 1" threaded MTB fork with disk mounts. 

Short answer: No. There are no caliper mounts on the rear triangle of the frame so you can't mount brake calipers there. 

Kids don't have the hand strength to use handbrakes properly, so a coaster brake is going to function better, once he gets the hang of it. 

Your bike is 25 years old, and as such it will be a product of its time. The fork will not have mountings for disk calipers, so you're up for welding some on, or replacing the fork. 

In your case you appear to have two-piece pads, where there's a metal holder that accepts a rubber insert. That makes it even easier. First, buy new inserts. There should be a little split pin that holds each insert in place, which you need to pull out using pliers. Then slide out the existing inserts and put the new ones in, with new pins. Then adjust your brakes. With caliper brakes like yours that's not the case. With some cantilever brakes adjusting them so that they contact the rim later can increase the mechanical advantage (leverage), making the brakes more powerful if then adjusted properly. But that's a usually-minor effect on a type of brake you don't have. There are several web pages describing that process in more detail, like this one I'm a fairly strong guy with good grip strength and it feels as though I'm more likely to break the lever than lock up the front wheel. In reality though, actually testing this is hard because I had to sprint up to speed, then grab the brake lever as hard as I could, squeezing quickly before the bike stopped, to get the front wheel to lock. This exploded view of a simliar system might help show what's happening: I wouldn't use any 'grease' on a hand-actuated drum brake unless I saw something from the manufacturer. Instead, for noise I'd first try drum brake cleaner from the auto-shop -- and if that doesn't work, maybe use some sandpaper on the drum shoes to deglaze them and take off any leading edges. Photo by RoboKaren. Released to Creative Commons by-sa. Edit: and if they aren't, what series are they? Deores? Altimas? OEMs? 

Now there's a good chance that your brake spring itself has broken/stuck and in that case, you have to replace the entire brake assembly. The good news is that you have relatively inexpensive brakes. The bad news is that it's just a bit fiddly to get the springs in properly to get the tension you want. 

Then there's the liability issue. Any time you add new technology, the manufacturer has to assume some liability on its use. Trailers in the USA are most often used to carry children and no manufacturer is going to go near there on that at a price point consumers are going to swallow (i.e., the only way you could upsell a $200 feature like trailer braking is to say it's safer but your lawyers won't allow you to say that).