Likewise you could look at every suggestion and decide that none of them is worth it. 

Where the options come in here are as regards the pedal/cleat combination. As you might imagine, several companies have come up with different takes on this. I will not give an exhaustive list of these companies, but to name a few, the mechanism was first developed by the French company Look (as soon as you take an interest in pedals, this name is unavoidable and they are still big players). At some point later, the world's largest cycle component manufacturer, Shimano, got in on the act with their SPD-SL mechanism. As I say, there are several others. 

This advice is especially true for somewhere like Decathlon, which is a large enough store that a shop will probably have both sizes in stock (or could get hold of them if you ask). 

In answer to your specific points, as I said 60-70km/h is not a great deal under certain circumstances. I would imagine most road bikes could achieve this. So as to where you'd get them, the answer is pretty much anywhere. How often you could reach these speeds would be down to you. 

I was looking through a bike catalogue at one of the high-end road bikes (a $6000 Giant Propel) and I couldn't help but notice that this bike is advertised with specific tyres for front and rear wheels. 

In terms of speed (or power) surely it makes no difference, purely by the definition of "soft pedalling"? 

You ask whether the seat postures could cause back pains, and whilst I have no specialist knowledge in this area, I'd have to say from a purely empirical viewpoint that the answer must be "no". A lot of people ride a lot of miles on a lot of days, without suffering long-term pain. 

The two tyres are the same size (700x23) and it turns out that the difference is in the tread patterns [edit: I now realise this is incorrect]. The front tyre is described as sticky 60/64/60 durometer. The rear described as durable and fast 64/70/64 durometer. 

Does a wheel designed for cx need to be stronger than a wheel designed for the road? I'm not sure about this, but I'd certainly have thought that riding through a field would be more stressful on the wheel than riding on a road. In general, at least. So you might want to look at "sturdier" wheels, for example something with lots of spokes and a strong tangential lacing. I'd certainly be wary of wheels with fancy radial patterns. 

Just to be clear, I understand why you might put different tyres on front and back, I understand that the difference between these two might be unnoticeable to all but the best cyclists, its those numbers I'm interested in understanding. 

However if you're looking at a "racer" bike, it is far more common to find just a double chainset at the front. In fact, many manufacturers produce double chainrings which will give you almost the same range of gears (but not quite) as a triple - these are called compact chainsets. 

As regards which groupset - go for the best one you can afford. The reason for this is that groupsets cost a lot less when they're bought as part of a bike rather than separately. If you get a lesser groupset now, and want to upgrade parts later, it will work out expensive. That's just down to the manufacturers' ability to bulk buy. 

To expand on @Mσᶎ's answer, the Bicycling Magazine article that he cites contains the following: 

Further, you can talk to racing cyclists who will often say that soft pedalling is preferred when riding in a peloton, purely because coasting implies to other people that you're about to hit the brakes. Again, no personal experience. I know some of the regulars on here are either racers or ex-racers, maybe they can confirm? 

One last thing, since you say you're based in London and especially if cost is an issue....you could do a lot worse than looking at the Chris Boardman range out of Halfords. Just look at the awards these bikes win, you really do get a lot of bang for your buck. 

Interesting also to note that Giant's current top-of-the-range mens' road bike (the Propel) has a standard frame (i.e. horizontal top tube). Take from that what you will! 

Also, some of the turbo manufacturers (I'm thinking particularly of Tacx since I have personal experience here) release DVDs which can be used in conjunction with your trainer. Tacx do two types - one is just a DVD that you watch while you pedal (and so is not restricted to Tacx trainers), the other is integrates with the Tacx software to give you a virtual reality experience (i.e. the speed at which you pedal governs the speed at which the video plays). But both are filmed in the first person, as if you're one of the riders, rather than being a commentary. See the Tacx site for more information - http://www.tacx.com/en/products/films. For the most part though these are courses rather than races, although there are some races and these are probably close to what you're looking for. But they work out very expensive. 

There are only really two things. First, as you identify, there is the issue of gradients. If you think that difference goes away if you just "man up", good luck with that. Even if you had the leg power (most of us don't, we'd end up pushing the bike and likely mashing our knees in the process), it would be very difficult to select one gearing that would be suitable for all gradients.