Reading the comments I am going to presume the problem lies with the rim/pad interface not generating enough friction rather than pressure from the brake lever getting to the pad/rim interface. As a result, "Lawyer Lugs" are pretty much mandatory on Disk equipped front wheels (Unless a through axle is used). The problem with Lawyer Lugs is they somewhat defeat the advantages of a the QR, in that to remove the wheel, you have to unscrew the nuts quite along way. Now the pads - presume these, even if new, have been contaminated by the rims. Ideally buy new ones (Come to that later), second best and worth a try is to clean them with degreaser, soapy water then file or sand the top layer off. First step - Presume the rim is contaminated with something slippery. Clean the rim presuming its either oil or silicon based. Use an degreaser/solvent first to attack an oil based contamination, the use an abrasive cleaner and scrub well with a steel wool or aggregative nylon scrubber and plenty of soapy water to remove non-oil based contaminants. Don't worry too much about damaging the rim - if you can't get the brakes working do you want you son riding on it? Sounds that bikes make are difficult to describe. "Fingernails on a chalk board", so sort of a high pitched dry scraping noise, not a squeal, squeak or scream? That sounds like something ceramic, stone or metal rubbing against the metal rim to me. The last loud noise where it then goes quiet could be whatever it is getting turned just before getting entirely dislodged. Does that sound about right? Where? I would go to my local bicycle shop to get them, or there's plenty of places you can order them online. I have no idea what Walmart stocks. REI, Amazon.com, jensonusa.com, etc. The only place recommendation I'd go with is: your local bike shop, that's owned by people into bicycles and primarily sells bicycles; they're bound to have some tools for sale. You can easily find a "bicycle multitool"/"multi bicycle tool"/"bike multifunction tool" that covers all the basic essentials in one tool. There's tons of brands and models and what's most readily available may vary regionally, but common brands I've seen are: Park, Crank Brothers, Topeak, Serfas. Consumables Really, I think that covers the basics. You might also consider: Now the pads - presume these, even if new, have been contaminated by the rims. Ideally buy new ones (Come to that later), second best and worth a try is to clean them with degreaser, soapy water then file or sand the top layer off. A lot of good answers already - but one big disadvantage of disks is that has yet been mentioned is their ability to eject the front wheel when using a tradition QR axle. The torque generated on the axle (for a normal rear mounted disk caliper) is down - the same direction as the dropouts. Its been shown that even properly tightened axles can come loose - usually with large (200mm or greater) disks, but loose a QR can come undone very easily. Assemble them with a bit of toe in (front of pad hits rim first). Put them together. (Look here for good instructions). Now the brakes need to bed in. Go for a ride, and give them a dozen of so max effort stops from high speed (careful you don't do anything silly) As a result, "Lawyer Lugs" are pretty much mandatory on Disk equipped front wheels (Unless a through axle is used). The problem with Lawyer Lugs is they somewhat defeat the advantages of a the QR, in that to remove the wheel, you have to unscrew the nuts quite along way. Reading the comments I am going to presume the problem lies with the rim/pad interface not generating enough friction rather than pressure from the brake lever getting to the pad/rim interface. Poorly made brake pads made with chunks of stuff in them. You're picking up some sort of grit that's getting stuck in the brake pad. The consistent pattern points much more to the pads being manufactured that way. But I've had similar kinds of sounds when I picked up a bit of sand on the rims. I'm not an expert, but my best guesses: Tools Except for the pump and rags, a typical bicycle multitool will have all those and cost between 20USD and 40USD. A "standalone" version of each tool will almost always be better than what's included in a multitool, but more expensive to get a whole set. However, you can get a decent set of hex keys for under 10USD and tire levers for 5USD and still be a bit cheaper than a multitool. Consumables Really, I think that covers the basics. You might also consider: That sounds like something ceramic, stone or metal rubbing against the metal rim to me. The last loud noise where it then goes quiet could be whatever it is getting turned just before getting entirely dislodged. Does that sound about right?