The New Testament speaks of a type of clothing that comes to followers of Christ: 

5 Both Moses and Jesus were protected and preserved by the faith of their parent. Moses was hidden by faith (Ex.2:2-3 and Heb.11:23) Jesus’ life was preserved by his parents obeying the message in a dream. (Mt.2:13-14) 

It is fairly easy to see that a literal interpretation of Genesis does not fit with a very old earth. The assumption is made, for whatever reason, that it must be the irrefutable scientific evidence that is correct. The question, then, is what to do with Genesis, and this is answered by reinterpreting it figuratively. When Jesus calls Peter to Himself in John 1, Jesus says, "You are Simon, Son of John. You will be called Cephas [Peter] (John 1:42). 27 Both were sent by God to reveal His name, person and law to the people. To Moses God said to tell them I Am sent you. (Ex.3:13-14) Jesus said God sent him as his exact representative revealing his name (I Am) and nature to the people. (Jn.8:42; 17:6,11-12; Col.2:9; Heb.1:3) 

“A stone of stumbling and a rock of offense”; [Isaiah 8:14] 

14 Both had the forces of nature obey them (the seas) Moses (Ex.14:21-22) Jesus (Mt.8:26-27) 14 But I have a few things against thee, because thou hast there them that hold the doctrine of Balaam, who taught Balac to cast a stumblingblock before the children of Israel, to eat things sacrificed unto idols, and to commit fornication.... 20 Notwithstanding I have a few things against thee, because thou sufferest that woman Jezebel, which calleth herself a prophetess, to teach and to seduce my servants to commit fornication, and to eat things sacrificed unto idols. And Acts 20:29 is understood to be speaking of those who claim to be Christian, but preach a false gospel, which has been happening since the early Church, and continues to this day. It does not speak of a total Apostasy, it speaks of people being led from Truth into false doctrines. 

The wicked are also ‘rewarded’, but this article concerns itself solely with the ‘good’ rewards’. 

In traditional Christian theology, Apostasy, yes. Total Apostasy, no. 

The general consensus from the commentaries I've seen on this, as well as the teachings of my Church, taking all of Matthew 22 in context is that the invitation for salvation is open to all, yet few actually choose to come to salvation. 

However, to most reformed theologians, this is not the case. A deeper study of the original Greek, as well as application of sound principles of interpretation clears this up. 

It is referring to Amniotic fluid, at least according to the sermons we hear in our Baptist Church. Being born of water refers to natural birth, which everyone goes through and being born of the spirit refers to the gift of the Holy Spirit imparted at the time of salvation. But now, all that was about to change. He was going to be taken by the Jews, tried and convicted and put to death by the Romans. Suddenly their Master's public status was about to go from "eccentric Rabbi" to "criminal condemned for stirring up trouble with the Romans," which would turn those who supported him into fugitives, at least temporarily. 

But as we see repeatedly throughout the Gospels, the disciples never really "got" the whole "Jesus is going to die and then be resurrected" thing until after it was all accomplished. Here, they hear him talking about swords, and someone says "yeah, we've got a couple here already." They just don't understand what he's trying to explain, and you can almost hear the Master's resigned sigh. "Sure, that'll be fine." 

Boasting is generally inspired by the evil pride, and ought to be avoided. However, it has a nobler counterpart, whose attitude, instead of "look how awesome I am!" is "rejoice with me!" One attempts to place oneself above others; the other brings people together as equals. "Good pride," on the other hand, is a completely different thing, based on achievement and self-improvement. It's mindset is "I am better than I was yesterday." It's a noble emotion, one that inspires us onward towards the loftiest of all the Gospel principles: "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father in Heaven is perfect." Here, he was trying to explain to them that they would need to be prepared to stay mobile (side note: the word fugitive comes from a Latin root meaning "to flee"): they would need to always have a purse (for money) and a bag (to carry basic supplies) ready, and that a sword (for protection against other men) was to be more important to them than a cloak (for protection against the elements) in the days to come. Up until this point, the disciples had operated under the aegis of both Roman and Jewish law. They were seen as just another group of disciples of some charismatic Rabbi. If he had some strange ideas he was teaching, well, so did plenty of others. 

Pride the Deadly Sin is rooted in enmity, competition and self-centeredness. Its mindset is always some variation on "I am better than you." It should not be necessary to go into detail as to why this attitude is directly opposed to Christian principles.