The analogy to brain, neurons, nerves, muscles, etc., is far from perfect, but there is something to it. More than Block's China brain simplification allows. What about "mental states"? In communities there are those intangible "culture and tradition". They do not distribute over individuals, nor reduce to material infrastructure, from which nonetheless they can be partly recovered (as happened with the culture of classical Greece). Yet there is no apparent immaterial psi-field, where they might reside, and they have tangible physical effect on collective behavior. Parts of them (such as philosophy and social sciences) are dedicated to social self-reflection, as in "consciousness" reflecting on itself. But the best part is again that we get to observe them from inside the room, so to speak. The Twin Earth argument undercuts functionalism because it undercuts the identification of the mental with the functional. But the problem is not with creating "meanings", but with capturing them faithfully. It is worth recalling that Putnam was a champion of computational functionalism back in 1960s, before he wasn't. According to functionalism human mind is represented by a finite automaton running instructions of the kind:"given input I in state S change state to S' and produce output O". States are symbolic codes, and like any syntactic system this one is multiply interpretable, so it can not pick out unique "meaning" of mental states, i.e. their "intentional objects" (this is the price of "implementation neutrality" of functionalism). Putnam originally sought to fix the interpretation by requiring physical specificity of input/output. 

In the original version of the fallacy sensations, perceptions and thoughts were replaced by "the unity of thought", and Kant pointed out that this sort of reasoning cuts both ways. Here is Kitcher's summary of Kant's argument in the Second Paralogism: 

This is where Twin Earth comes in. Oscar and Toscar are functionally equivalent, have identical physical input/output because the action takes place before 1750 and they have no way of distinguishing between H20 and XYZ, but their "meanings" of "water" are different, because one is H20 and the other is XYZ. This is because Putnam dismisses the Frege-Russell descriptivist theory of meaning as inadequate, and adopts Kripke's rigid designation. Thereby "meaning" is fixed in the act of naming, can be outsourced to "experts" through "linguistic division of labor", and is "sensitive to future discovery" through "communal chain of referential transmission". In other words, although Oscar and Toscar can not distinguish between water and twater, they know that others know (or will know) how to tell the difference, and that distinguishes their meanings. Putnam also gives example of himself not being able to tell the difference between elms and beeches but having distinct meanings of them by outsourcing reference to experts. For Romantic poets' the infatuation with "Spinoza's" hylozoism did not start with Blake and Wordsworth however, nor did it start in England. It erupted in Germany during the Pantheismus-Streit (Pantheism Controversy) after Jacobi published a short pamphlet in 1785 accusing Lessing of Spinozism and atheism. The leading romantic poets that took Lessing's side were Goethe and Herder, but Spinoza's philosophy is associated with romantic panpsychism only loosely. Zammito gives a panoramic view of the historical and philosophical context in The Genesis of Kant's Critique of Judgment: Why is it true that if zombies are possible that physicalism must be false, and which—if any—philosopher's have actually contended that zombies are possible, rather than merely conceivable in a vague sense? 

If physicalism is true and determinism (at least on a Newtonian level) is true, then yes, a machine theoretically could be designed in a way you describe and thus considered a "person". Phsyicalism as you may know is the idea that (stated most simply) "everything is physical". Determinism is the idea that everything has a cause; nothing is uncaused. In other words, given the way things are at time t, the way things progress thereafter is fixed as a matter of natural law. Under these views the human mind and all human behavior is just the result of a causal chain of prior physical occurrences in the brain. This, in fact, brings us to the realization that the brain itself is a machine; sure it's not made of metal and wiring but the same kind of complex feedback loops and processing occurs. 

The SEP article on Zombies writes: 

Few people think zombies actually exist. But many hold they are at least conceivable, and some that they are possible. It is argued that if zombies are so much as a bare possibility, then physicalism is false and some kind of dualism is true. For many philosophers that is the chief importance of the zombie idea.