4) Ultimately Monarchy wins out for a couple of reasons. Democracy and Republics suck at war. War requires effective command, and Democracy tends to provide a diffuse and inchoate command structure - Rome (and if I recall Greece) delegated to a dictator during a war. (I think one can argue that Democracy sucks at foreign policy in both peace and war.) Monarchy provides advantages for the organization and governance of societies of a specific size and technological level. hat tip to @bilbo_pingouin who suggested this revision Monarchy provides for a (relatively) stable succession, coherent governance, and strong effective states. 

Capitalism – I’m going to make the question far harder by including both pure capitalism and welfare state capitalism. This significantly weakens the utility of the answer, but if we restrict welfare state capitalism from the analysis there are a dearth of examples. For simplicity let us ignore the problem of sovereign wealth funds (which significantly weakens the utility of China as an example) and assume that capitalism is correlated with the % of GDP which is in private control vs public control. 

If we restrict the discussion to modern consumer capitalism within the context of welfare state representative government, then I submit the correlation will be even stronger. Hayek, Gorbachov and Deng Xioping all agree that prosperity is correlated with the ability of the general population to benefit from prosperity. 

The most frequently referenced institution was the First Bank of the US. There are several books on the constitutional conventions that offer excruciating details on what the founders felt should and should not be within the purview of the government. (The South in general wanted a tiny government and an isolationist foreign policy; the North wanted a powerful government and an engaged commercial foreign policy.) 

For instance, was native religions mentioned during: 

- Extra Globe (September, 1835) 

- Kooijman, Jaap. ... And the Pursuit of National Health: The Incremental Strategy Toward National Health Insurance in the United States of America. Vol. 8. Rodopi, 1999. 

Duke Wu of Zheng, for example, egregiously breached the Zhou constitution5 by attacking and conquering two of his fellow vassals. Fully exploiting his position as a minister of the court, Zheng even commanded royal troops into battle against his personal enemies, and to annex land to himself. In this way Duke Wu forged the newly founded state of Zheng6 into the hegemon of early Spring and Autumn - in stark contrast to the precipitous decline of Eastern Zhou under his stewardship. 

Absolutism is rarely, if ever, as absolute as the name suggests. Even after the ascension of Louis XIV, the Estates of France continued to meet in assemblies. The most famous and powerful was of course the Estates General, a national body which admittedly only met once in this period. And it ended up ushering in the French Revolution. 

Prior to 209, the oldest living former censor was by tradition appointed the princeps senatus. As a matter of custom, this patrician would be re-nominated to the position until his death, at which point the next most senior former censor succeeds him. 

Similarly, Prussia's expansion occurred against this backdrop of an intricate mosaic of convoluted territorial entities. It received much more than it lost from the Final Recess's redistribution, and picked up major territories after Napoleon's downfall. And just before German unification in 1871, Austria's allies were annexed into Prussia after the latter's victory in the Austro-Prussian War. 

The name "England" derives from the Old English name Englaland, which means "Land of the Angles". It is worth noting that, in the context of language, Old English is a synonym for Anglo Saxon. (The earliest recorded use of the term that I'm aware of is in the late ninth century translation into Old English of Bede's Ecclesiastical History of the English People, which had been written in Latin in in the early eighth century.) 

In the case of Shanley v Harvey (1763), the Lord Chancellor, Lord Henley stated " ... as soon as a man sets foot on English ground he is free". He further observed that, in his learned opinion, a negro could take his master to court for cruel treatment. Now, these comments were only obiter dictum, and so not binding on subsequent courts, but they would have caused huge concern to slave owners anywhere in the world who considered themselves to be British subjects. 

It may be easier to understand the way that the system worked if you remember that most votes were controlled by this network of patronage. Individual patrons were often themselves caught up in the network of patronage of more important figures. It would not be at all unusual for someone to repay a favour to one patron by calling their clients to support a particular candidate (say from the Optimates) for election as a Praetor, while simultaneously also agreeing with another patron to support a candidate from the rival camp (in this example, the Populares) for election as an Aedile at the same time.