and both have Armsman: +20/40/60/80/100% damage with a one-handed weapon * It actually looks something like this. The above formula doesn't seem to be totally precise, but the gist should be evident: Lydia is the only follower, aside from someone you marry (all mercenaries, housecarls, Companions and about half of the other potential followers), whom you can "relocate" to Whiterun. That is, she's your housecarl in Whiterun, so that's kind of where she's supposed to be. You could enchant equips to bring the cost down, but even then, I'd rather do that with a different school. The only exception I can see is if you have a bunch of spare magicka and a spare hand, particularly the less sneaky spellswords (I prefer shields with Elemental Protection, but to each his own). A more general use is for dealing with traps, as others have pointed out below. Questionable: Hircine - Werewolf hunting Sanguine - Drinking games, although you do fix all the mayhem you cause The word wall for the last word of Storm Call uses it thus: So with the above equipment, you'd wind up +44% (or +144%) more magicka regen, -69% (or -94%) less fortify school, and +70% magicka and almost no armor rating. That may look comparable, especially given the tradeoffs in putting perk points in enchanting or anything else. But consider the following: Perks The sword's Backstab: 6x sneak attack damage with a one-handed weapon Bladesman: 10/15/20% chance of doing critical damage with a sword (3 ranks) With the loop, by the way, I've been able to create a Potion of Fortify Smithing +147% and 4 pieces of Fortify Smithing +29%. I have the Smithing perk tree filled out going the Heavy route, so I have Daedric Smithing. I then improved my Daedric Bow to where it's doing 599 damage for me (a bunch of Fortify Archery +48%, nearly full Archery perk tree). When I did the same for the Nightingale Bow, of which I have the best version, I get to 379 damage. So the max Nightingale Bow will be around 37% weaker than the max Daedric Bow. Example Deathbell + Imp Stool (Deathbell "wins" and has 3 magnitude on damage health), Alchemy 28, 2 Alchemist perks: Using the Alchemy-Enchanting loop, you can indeed improve the Nightingale Bow drastically, however, keep in mind that it is not affected by any perks. Although the best version has the same base damage (18) as a Daedric Bow, if you're taking perks in things like Daedric Smithing, the latter will be significantly stronger. Notes (as the comments show I should have been clearer here): +46% = Necromage maximum (5 items of Fortify Alchemy) +37% = Max with 5 items of Fortify Alchemy (Falmer Helmet + Circlet) +32% = Max with 4 items of Fortify Alchemy +25% = Enchanter's Elixir (best non-crafted item) These results are correct, it's just that the potions are affecting your base skill rather than directly affecting enchantment strength. Enchanting's base skill has a particularly weak* effect on things (and it's non-linear, so only a fraction of that +x% manifests in enchantment strength); it's all about the perks. It's impossible to predict how "strong" it will appear in your inventory because that calculation depends on factors like Archery skill level and perks. If you look at the Destruction spells, you'll notice that they can quickly break wards (no more than two spells), which has the nasty effect of staggering you. Often, I'd rather absorb an enemy mage's damage -- and elemental protection is cheap -- while backpedaling than get caught flat-footed by a warrior type. And whereas NPCs can put the ward back up immediately after a stagger and resume moving around, evading, keeping the ward up, and targeting you (made even harder by the ward's animation in first-person), I just don't have that coordination. Of course, I'd be very interested in a real strategy for using them, but I find it more effective to deal with the underlying problem -- enemies -- by dealing damage. For the why, well, I have no idea (aside from "oh, Bethesda"). But I had a similar issue with a spell effect being permanently attached to my feet. It generated smoke, so my sneaky little thief looked something like Smoke from Mortal Kombat. I gamboled about until it finally resolved, I believe due to transformation into a werewolf. Your problem is due to either opacity (most likely) being set to 0 or your character model being non-existent (unlikely IMO). However, if you want to keep several followers in one place, one option is to recruit some followers to the Blades after you've progressed far enough in the main quest. Most followers can become Blades. Once they've been inducted, they'll all relocate to Sky Haven Temple. Also, if you complete the Companions quest line, you will have seven more potential followers in Jorrvaskr, which is just down the road from Breezehome in Whiterun. AFAICT the following have no proper quests: On the other hand, daggers do not benefit from several bonuses to swords. That includes Fortify One-Handed, Bladesman, etc. That includes silly things like the Nightingale Gloves. It actually means "Unending Sorrow." "Krosis" can mean both "sorry" (as Paarthurnax uses it) and "sorrow," apparently. Otherwise we'd have a Dragon Priest named "Sorry." It would seem like Paarthurnax's usage is less literal than elsewhere. So yes, I suppose that like everything it has its uses, but mostly for very specific character types.