Source: Chapter VII - The Pearl Harbor Attack This line is literally carved into the land by a continuous deforested 3meter wide area called the "Border Vista". The International Boundary Commission's web site calls it "A visible line between two friendly neighbors" while CGPGrey calls it "The No Touching Zone". Rapid Modernization and Expansion In 1941, the US military was still undergoing a rapid modernization and expansion started just a few years before. Everything was being upgraded. New equipment was just being delivered. Everyone was having to very rapidly adapt to the new technology and tactics of WWII. Not everyone adapted well. This report on the state of the Panama Canal defenses lays it all out. 

Before the war started, they imported 90% of their oil, mostly from the US. The US produced the majority of the world's oil in 1941, a lot of it in California. Not having the infrastructure to ship it across the US, it was loaded onto tankers and sold around the Pacific Rim. Months before the war began this supply was cut off by a US embargo, later joined by the Dutch. By threatening the US and the Dutch they cut off their oil supply. 

The US did not have these problems, and so did not adopt an intermediate caliber assault rifle until the M16 20 years later. Like the StG 44 it uses high-quality steel for just the pressure bearing barrel and integrated trunnion, but rather than stamped steel, it is aluminum and composites. The Attack On Pearl Harbor was a strategically decisive defeat for the Axis in many ways. It forced the US to enter the war early, removing the need to maintain a veneer of neutrality for its own citizens and ramping up production earlier than it would have otherwise. It over strained the Japanese military who were now attacking in every direction, had they waited they could have fought a more concentrated defensive war with preparations, or no war at all! 

Radar was brand new. Its potential to be a decisive factor in an air battle was only just demonstrated in the summer of 1940 during the Battle of Britain. The US had a little over a year to react. Technology In WWII One of the important things to remember about WWII is, technologically and tactically, it was a very different war when it started than when it ended. Most armies went into WWII with much of the same technology as at the end of WWI. Many technologies we take for granted were just being put into mass production when the war started. Things like welded armor, monoplane aircraft, radar, and portable radios. When the war started, many armies were still fighting with riveted tanks, fabric covered biplanes, and no radios. The US was particularly behind and had to play catch up. 

The Missouri State Militia was sent in to protect the tax collectors, but its commander wisely recognized that this was very silly and resolved not to shed any blood. A mob of Iowans locked up the Sheriff of Clark County, Missouri, and the Iowa State Militia was called out. CGPGrey covered this in his video Canada & The United States (Bizarre Borders Part 2). 

An intermediate cartridge hits the sweet spot. Just as effective as a full power cartridge at typical combat ranges of 300 meters or less, but controllable in automatic fire. The US developed .30 Carbine for the M1 Carbine. Germany developed 7.92x33mm Kurz. Without Midway, the US fleet would not have known where the Japanese carriers would be. 19th century western buckles were not like we see today. C&C Sutlery describes its buckles... 

Midway had dedicated PBY scout planes as well as long range heavy bombers. The night before a PBY spotted the Japanese Occupation Force (not the carriers) 500 miles away. The subsequent attack did little, but it did confirm to the Americans that the Japanese had arrived on time. However, rather than taking the time (and fuel) to form up and conduct the coordinated attack required against the elite Japanese navy, the US aircraft were thrown at the enemy with no plan. This resulted in a piecemeal attack with aircraft getting lost and bombers being separated from their fighters. The professional Japanese cut them to ribbons. Only through luck did the American dive bombers happen to arrive at just the right time to take advantage of the slaughter while the Japanese fighter screen was down low destroying American torpedo bombers. At the end of WWII, rather than simply give a bonus and send the vets on their way, the issue of what to do with returning soldiers was handled with the Servicemen's Readjustment Act of 1944 aka the G.I. Bill that the US still uses today. This includes veterans benefits for unemployment, school, home ownership, and starting a business in effect helping to retrain millions of soldiers for civilian life. 

The rhetoric got hot and South Carolina passed legislation declaring the tariffs null and void within its borders on February 1st, 1863. Militias was raised to defend against Federal troops. They had a right to be afraid, the threat of Federal troops had been used against states to enforce Federal law before. Troops threatened New England states which refused to provide men for the War of 1812. Before that, the Whiskey Rebellion of 1791 was put down. 

Mostly southern states, losing influence in the House of Representatives due to a declining share of the population, tried a new tactic. They argued they could selectively ignore Federal laws which their state felt were in violation of the Federal Constitution. This argument bypassed the Constitutional authority of the Supreme Court to make that decision. This all came to a head in 1832 over federal tariffs which the South did not like since they depended so much on cotton trade with Great Britain. 

The StG 44, and subsequent rifles like the AR 15, have a work around for this; just the pressure bearing part of the receiver, the trunnion, is a high strength milled part allowing the rest of the receiver to be stamped sheet metal. More on that later.