The law is not intended to actively prevent people from committing crimes but rather to provide a method of prosecution and punishment for those who do violate the law. This acts as a deterrent for those who would violate the law. But if the people responsible for investigating, and prosecuting violations lack the will or desire to enforce the law the deterrent factor is basically nonexistent. 

There is recourse for Congress should a president decide not to wage a war that Congress declared. But these recourse's also exist for any action Congress deems inappropriate. The most severe being Impeachment, with probably the most effectively meaningless being censure. The occupy Blog put it this way: Yes and the constitution was written this way to ensure this was the case. http://openchannel.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/02/04/16843014-exclusive-justice-department-memo-reveals-legal-case-for-drone-strikes-on-americans?lite 

Illegal means it is against the law and there are civil or criminal penalties associated with it. How ever there is nothing in the constitution that would prohibit the sale/consumption of alcohol by minors(just an easy example). In fact until 1919 only a few states had any drinking age limit. This is a law but neither barring it nor allowing it violates the constitution. This policy and the actions taken in its name seem to be nothing short of state sanctioned murder. Is there any authority granted to the Executive branch of the government to take these actions? 

The checks and balance system works so that Legislature must pass a law in both sides of the Congress. Then the President must sign it or Congress can override a veto with 2/3 vote. Then the law can be challenged in court. 

These powers were intentionally separated with the intent of preventing any one branch of government from being able to wage war. The intent was that the president needed the permission of congress to enact military action, and that congress would need the president to act and actually wage war. 

As a result Truman used UN resolution 83 to deploy ground forces in Korea with out congressional support, and by calling it a police action. A similar reasoning was used in Vietnam also calling it a police action. All of this was allowed because of the advent of the Nuclear war: