As another rule, and in fact the explanation for this particular incident, we will not preserve votes on an account that has a history of vote fraud. We're sorry about any loss this incurs on innocent bystanders but preventing fraudulent votes from being practically locked into the system is a higher priority. Part of me wanted to tag this as a feature-request, because it would be nice, but I feel that if plans aren't already in place for this, then it isn't too wise to try and scramble it in. 

There's no exact threshold - just pick something that isn't, well, light and distinctly a non-white color. When users are checked before committing a deletion, two things are checked. Well, more than two, but these are two that figure highly into the vote preservation determination. Their reputation level is checked, and also the votes they've cast. The important thing about this latter point, is that it isn't just the raw number of votes checked, but also where those votes have gone. Sometimes people have a large number of votes but haven't even voted for the same person more than twice. Other times, a person has a small number of votes but they all went towards a handful of people. It's been 48 hours since elections started, which means that the banner goes away. However, I noticed that on Gaming Meta, the banner is still up. Checking the data says it isn't going to expire until February 15th, which is almost two weeks from now. It needs to be visibly distinct. When looking at the ad on a page, the reader should see a very obvious box-shaped thing so that it's very clear "This is an ad, it is not part of the underlying site design". Everything borderless in the sidebar - question stats, related questions, they all are a direct element of the site. So stuff that isn't that stuff, especially stuff that is traditionally linking off-site, needs to distinctly look like such. For the I'm not going to write all that 

I did a bit of experimentation. Which knocked our meta banner out of commission, but you can still see it on Web Apps and on AskUbuntu. It seems that we're still barred from setting it longer than 48 hours on those places, but the original message set by Community is allowed to stand for longer. Is this intentional? 

Are there plans for having the "Third Place" available by the time some of the sites are ready for the closed beta? Will we be able to use it for these site-detail casual discussions, allowing real-time deliberation on our subjects? The above is the sample ad we use. That's pretty light background, but there's a faint border of not nearly as light around it. That makes it look like a box, and that's the kind of effect we need. That's still a fairly light-ish color on the border, but it's still dark enough. Try working off of that. On Meta, it's a bit different. People are posting bounties on feature requests and bug reports that they agree with, because they want action on it. Action by the team, a specific group of people. And I'm not talking down the practice - I think it's a great show of support. But I've been looking at what has been posted on the bounty board over the past weeks, and what response those get, and I honestly haven't seen it actually provoke the team to any action. This has been the case since the old bounty system as well, I really haven't seen the posting of a bounty ever truly spark action to resolve a concern. Since it only lasts a week, which isn't necessarily when someone is looking, the new system can result in a lot of bounty being spent for possibly nothing. 

With the new ability to set bounties on any question, it's great on Stack Overflow for getting attention to everyone on someone else's question that interests you. Sometimes it doesn't yield results, but you can always apply a new bounty to extend the period that it is extra-visible. And this works because the benefit is that a lot of people get to see it, you don't really need to target a specific person. If a tag wiki becomes inaccessible due to a tag being eliminated, is the data destroyed? Or would it be able to be recovered by just recreating the tag? This badge requirement is still specific to Stack Overflow, however, as explained above. I can't check the dates on other sites, but I did notice that they also still have the system message on their per-site-metas. 

We on the Community Team are always watching every site. If we've done our job, then we'd never actually see a site one day just go dark, barring some kind of exceptional circumstance that we'd .. well .. need to deal with uniquely when it happened. Did a site just fall out of Google? Did some other site lure an entire community away? These are all exceptional scenarios for which no real policy can be prepared. I'd go further to say that because it'd be some extreme situation that would result in that kind of "death", we would have to evaluate these on a case-by-case basis, with our primary intention usually being the revival of the site. I do not imagine that there's likely to be any sort of consistent reasoning for this dropoff to happen repeatedly on the same reasons. 

I can accept either answer (if it's no, I'll end up posting bounties on things that the community as a whole can contribute to, like naming discussions or etiquette clarification). I don't intend to make people change how they are current assigning bounties, nor how the team looks at bounty questions. I just think that a concrete answer would be very useful.