To summarise: in the ancient world, poetry/myth/philosophy/science/theology & religon were closely implicated in each other (they formed a kind of topos where the world was reimagined), and not seen as the dramatically distinct disciplines as they are today; and in that context it is possible to establish that there were outside influences operating on that topos coming from other civilisations close by. 

Its possibly worth noting in this regard, that Aristotles Physics VI.1 on Continuity, states that: 

There was neither sky nor heaven beyond it. 

The other possible influence is one suggested by Bardis Fifth Postulate, where he writes that Gauss after reaching the University of Gottingen in the early 19C 

And so the same will hold for Chinese philosophy, a great deal of work will need to be done before it's proper contours are understood. 

And one ought to note that Western philosophy being centred on the Greek tradition, too took time to translate, explain and annotate; and that process is ongoing, for the senses of words were lost, for they were talking to each other, and had not an eye on posterity - though they might have. 

Richard Dawkins, in his book The God Delusion, articulates an "infantile version" of the ontological argument in a way that might reveal it's reasoning and major flaw: 

As for the "core/essential texts", it's not exactly a simple task to just sum up all the texts we've read and provide a list, especially a list that's in a good order because in many cases order does matter. But more importantly, it's not often necessary or even useful at times to read the entirety of a particular text; in fact, it can even be off-putting and seriously diminish your interest in philosophy if you force yourself to read the whole of a particularly bland text. For example, I've read the whole of The Critique of Pure Reason, and while many would probably agree that it is an essential/core text, I would not recommend reading the whole thing unless you plan on being a Kantian scholar (I had to read it for a class). It just gets too dry in parts and honestly, even classic texts will have sections which will not be very exciting for you — trust me, no one finds all of philosophy interesting and cool. 

One needs to distinguish between popular philosophy and philosophy proper which serves different needs. This division I think is evident in almost, if not all the arts & sciences. 

Alice in Wonderland plays tricks with logic, language and reality, but with such disarming simplicity that it has become a childrens classic. One could argue that myths & fairytales encode such thoughts too. Prometheus and the fire encoding the drama of self-consciousness, Saturn devouring his children - generational conflict, and inverted in Kings Lear, where the children devour Saturn, and sleeping beauty - does one need Freud to decode its meaning, or was its meaning there already all along? 

Still, too - it's worth noting - as a cautionary tale - what Tagore had to say about Indian Philosophy, and Indian chauvinism (he was writing in Bengal, over a century ago) in an essay on education: 

One thinks here in America, also of Chomskys Manufacture of Consent, Edwards Bernays spinning of Propaganda into Public Relations and Ayn Rands appropriation of Aristotelian virtue ethics into a heady mix of individualism & homo economicus. The predominance of American think-tanks in Climate Change Denial, and the current revelations of mass-surveillance.