Practically speaking, Christians who give do so in order to alleviate suffering, because we know that God's desire is not that others suffer. We know from Matthew 25 that those who do more than just say "Lord, Lord," want to attend to the practical needs of their fellow man. That Spirits have no form has been at the root of Christian theology since the beginning. The Platonic culture into which the New Testament was written would suggest that if Spirits did have form, the onus would be on the biblical writer to clarify the point. One of the most basic rules of hermeneutics is that a thing cannot mean what its original audience would not have expected it to mean. Jacob himself is shocked that he saw God and lived. He was in fact, left crippled by the experience, it was that powerful. Remember, he was blessed, though its hard to understand how being crippled is a "blessing," unless if compared to the certainty of death for seeing God face to face. That his life was preserved and he still got to be with God in the same way Adam once talked to him is an amazing gift. This would prove that if spirits have no form, then God, as Spirit, would have no form. 6 Who, being in very nature God, did not consider equality with God something to be used to his own advantage; 7 rather, he made himself nothing by taking the very nature of a servant, being made in human likeness. 8 And being found in appearance as a man, he humbled himself by becoming obedient to death— even death on a cross! Therefore God exalted him to the highest place and gave him the name that is above every name, 10 that at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, in heaven and on earth and under the earth, 11 and every tongue acknowledge that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father Additionally, the doctrine of omnipresence would seem to contradict the idea - if there is "no where I can go to flee from your spirit," then it seems odd to fix God into a form - as incarnated presence in a given location (separating a locale into 'is occupied' and 'is not occupied) would inherently give form, but by suggesting there is no 'not occupied by God', the converse is in fact, validated.) To say that God is not hate is a true statement. It affords consideration of the entire spectrum of love and indifference, whilest at the same time communicating the attribute of malevaloance and hatred does not characterize his nature. Joy is the end - the purpose - of what God designed us to be. He sees joy as an "echo of heaven" which "works its way backwards into our memories." In other words, it is a reminder of the things that are to come. Philippians 2 is clear that this debasement was part of God's plan: Beyond that, however, the exact question is, 'Why didn't Jacob die after seeing the face of God (the Pen - el)?' After all, as you pointed out, when Moses asked to see God's face 430 years later, he was told that if he did, he would die. If we accept this definition, then the definition you provide would be just a contextual version of this--in the context of "nature." In other words "will free from one's nature." The second verse strengthens the argument by demonstrating that God exists beyond the constraints of time. Christians do believe that God reveals himself, in part, through his creation--which includes the universe and everything within it. Some of God's characteristics made evident through His creation would be: I agree with @Software Monkey that the question's premise is flawed. The definition in your answer is too narrow. To properly define "free will," I think we have to consider what the will is free from. Since the term, as used, is in a vacuum, we have no context, so we don't know what it is free from, without additional information. Likewise, we could ask the question "Do humans have free will?" and the answer may depend on context--Humans have "will free from the influence of other humans." Do humans have "will free from the influence of predestination?" I'll leave that for another question. But I hope my point is clear... The term "free will" doesn't work in a vacuum. The first verse indicates that, since God is not an effect, no cause is necessary to explain His existence. Just one final thought on the subject: "Righteous" means "made right" (justified), or "being right", not in the sense of "correct", but as in "not wrong" - being pure, honest, sinless. Perhaps a better way of putting it would be "not guilty" or "blameless". It's a different definition of the term, but not one that's not reasonable from their point of view. After all, we are promised eternal life as Christians, are we not? 13 But if there be no resurrection of the dead, then is Christ not risen: We experience the same death as Christ, and are promised the same resurrection as Him as well. In Christianity, as in Judaism, death isn't "the end". It does not mean to cease to exist. Perhaps the verse that makes this most clear is 2 Corinthians 5:8 (KJV) God gave us free will because He loves us, and because He wants to be loved in return. Our love for Him wouldn't be real love if it were forced. We'd be little better than robots, programmed to behave a certain way. Suffering should not be something that destroys our faith in God. If we are truly His, it will strengthen our faith and relationship with Him. It should be noted, however, that the subject of Miracles is not purely a Christian issue, nor is "supernatural" the only type of miracle possible. Miracles can, as alluded to in the first paragraph, be happy but unlikely coincidences. However, the miracles you're speaking of are clearly supernatural in nature.