Simultaneous submissions means submitting your story to more than one journal at a time. Many journals clearly forbid simultaneous submissions in their guidelines. (And some writers ignore this.) Some journals explicitly say that simultaneous okay. They usually request that you inform them immediately if you sell your story elsewhere. 

Character speculation. If a character speculates about some future event or condition, readers expect the story to resolve the speculation. This is especially true if the character feels some emotion about the speculation. Fear. Worry. Anticipation. Hope. 

My goal is to give myself a better chance to notice when I've made a promise or raised a question that I will need to resolve. 

Let the editor decide. Send your story. Editors can't buy a story you don't send. They know more than you do about what they want. And you are almost certainly not a great judge of your own stories. They may like a story that you think is not your best. 

So if your bullet points represent scenes, and you know how long your scenes typically run, that can give you a ballpark estimate of the total length of the story. If your bullets represent something smaller (e.g. beats or interactions within a scene) or larger (e.g. chapters or sequences), you'll have to adjust, based on your experience of how big those chunks typically turn out for you. 

Feedback from my writer's group tells me that my recent stories leave promises unfulfilled and important questions unanswered. So I've become interested in how stories make promises and raise questions. 

What have I missed? What other features arouse expectations in readers? You may need less information, or more information, or different information. My recommendation is to experiment, practice, vary your outlining from story to story or scene to scene to discover what helps you and what hinders you. So I've identified a few factors that arouse readers' expectations. Realizing what a horrible cliche that was, he changed it: Cause and effect. Readers expect that effects have causes. If readers cannot readily imagine the causes of some important effect, that raises questions that they expect the story to answer. My approach to outlining: For each scene, write the minimum that reminds me what I want to accomplish with the scene. For me, the minimum is something like: 

Genre. Each genre brings its own set of expectations. In a mystery, the crime will be resolved in the end. In a romance, the lovers will get together in the end. Try putting fewer details in your outline, and notice what happens. Character motivation. Readers expect that characters have reasons for their actions. Sometimes readers can readily imagine the reasons, either from their own experience or from something earlier in the story. If readers can't readily understand the reasons, that opens a question, which they expect the story to answer. 

If your story is nowhere near the "quality" that an editor needs (whatever "quality" means), they will know within a paragraph or two. And they likely have slush readers for that. Some writers ignore the no simultaneous submissions rule. But when editors make clear what they want, I try to abide by that. If a journal accepts multiple submissions, send them as many stories as you can write. 

Unless you have a strong reason to believe that a particular journal does not want this kind of story, lean toward sending it. For a lame example (that twists the cliche by adding another one): When you are reading, what raises questions in you? That's usually enough to get me writing the scene. If there are other things I want to make sure to include (a clue, a revelation, a relationship event, a description of something in the setting), I'll note those, too. What other ways can you think of to vary the way you outline? Pick one or two variables and experiment with them. Keep experimenting until you discover what works for you. 

Try adding a few more details in your outline, and notice how that affects what you write, and your eagerness to write, and your satisfaction with what you write. 

Many writers and editors are horrified by this advice. They are concerned, I think, that writers will overwhelm editors with crap. Multiple submissions means submitting more than one story to the same journal. Some journals are happy to have more than one of your stories in their queue. Others want you to send them only one at a time. Still others ask that you wait for a short time after a rejection before you send them another story.