Also, as Ershad says, during the time where Bukhari, Muslim, et. all started collecting and compiling ahadith together, they were extremely cautious about who to trust. An anecdote from life of Imam Bukhari follows: 

Qur'an was preserved by divine promise. And the Qur'an says: 

So there is no issue about hadith changing. The only issue is that some anti-Islamic sources fake and invent hadith; these are called "mawdoo'", or forged hadith, which are rejected. 

Also, Allah refers to what the Prophet (peace be upon him) says as a form of wahi (revelation) Surah Najm, verses 3-4. 

This means that our legislation comes first from Allah in Qur'an, and then from hadith of the Prophet, peace be upon him. Allah says: 

Hadith also usually detail specifics. For instance, the Qur'an says, "pray in the morning and the evening." But it does not detail the specifics of how to pray; that comes from hadith. 

For more details, consult the science of hadith. It's very deep and vast. 

Based on this, hadith occupies a very, very, very high status in Islam. The preservation was guaranteed through the science of hadith, which is an excruciatingly detailed study of every narrator of every hadith (their life, biography, memory, manners, etc.) as well as text of every narration. 

http://sunnah.com/bukhari/67/72 : The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "A matron should not be given in marriage except after consulting her; and a virgin should not be given in marriage except after her permission." The people asked, "O Allah's Messenger (ﷺ)! How can we know her permission?" He said, "Her silence (indicates her permission). 

Have I committed a sin because I didn't know? - you probably did not make sin neither by your behavior, because, even if it was incorrect behviour, as soon as you did not know, you are not sinful for your that behaviour, and you are not probably sinful for not knowing that at first place because that is quite advanced topic and you could not know so much things, and also it is probably even a disagreement among different islamic scholars, so several different resulting opinions looks quite right do different scholars and you need to know quite much to have your own opinion. 

Hadith also usually detail specifics. For instance, the Qur'an says, "pray in the morning and the evening." But it does not detail the specifics of how to pray; that comes from hadith. 

So there is no issue about hadith changing. The only issue is that some anti-Islamic sources fake and invent hadith; these are called "mawdoo'", or forged hadith, which are rejected. 

Also in the Qur'an: "Obey Allah and the Prophet." Surah Al-e-Imran, verse 32. 

And in another place in the Qur'an, He promises to preserve the dhikr (sunnah, hadith) that has been revealed to the Prophet (peace be upon him). So the preservation of the sunnah is something that must happen, and we know this both by revelation and logic (how can Allah command us to follow something that isn't preserved?). 

Also, as Ershad says, during the time where Bukhari, Muslim, et. all started collecting and compiling ahadith together, they were extremely cautious about who to trust. An anecdote from life of Imam Bukhari follows: 

at beginning of new month, when moon is visible first time, it is visible only for several minutes. 

but, i think, if you are eastward and more north from the new moon seeing location and it is summer at northern hemisphere, and if sun is at same or less degrees below horizon for you, than at location of first seeing of new moon, you can use that first moon seeing. (this rule should be edited to be written more generally). 

At end of month Moon is not visible at day and not visible at night and not visible at sunset because Moon sets earlier than Sun, and at end of month Moon rises earlier than Sun and can be visible just before sunrise: for example, see sunrise at 2015-09-12 (1436 Thul-Qedah 28) . 

I have seen that child should be given name with good meaning. On what that is based? And what about meaningless names? - Also I have seen that child should be given name with meaning.