As a final note, I've found that my personal feelings about his ADHD have sometimes interfered with being the best advocate possible, both to him and with other people (family, teachers). Deep down, I feel like I somehow failed him and it's my fault. This is inaccurate, pointless, and unproductive self-blame, of course; nevertheless, I have to consciously remind myself that it's inaccurate to get back to being productive. Getting rid of my own negativity was the first step to becoming a strong source of support. I have had very few conversations with my son about the Importance Of Focusing and How To Pay Attention. In retrospect, the majority of them were probably pretty insulting, because it's stuff that he knows almost instinctively -- if you don't listen to your parent or teacher, you'll miss important information (including, occasionally, "it's time to eat dessert, come here if you want some!"), so listening is important. He just wasn't able to pay attention well. He tended to be more receptive when I instead led with, "I know you have a hard time paying attention, and I appreciate it so much when you are focused." Such talks aren't useful when he's tired, being reprimanded for not paying attention, or interested in doing something else and therefore not really listening -- we save it for quiet time before bed or something like that. Talk to Your Child About His Disability (PBS Parents) Explaining Learning Disabilities to Your Child (LD Online) My son (now 8) has ADHD, and we have been up front about this since he was diagnosed last year. We talked about how that makes him a bit different from some of his friends. We talked about how it related to some of his struggles at school: sitting still, listening, staying on task. And since he already knew there was something wrong and he couldn't please his teacher no matter how hard he tried, it helped him just to be able to name the problem. Some of the most common (and, anecdotally from my experience, effective) suggestions focus on establishing routine, providing a distraction-free space for homework or study, and breaking jobs down into smaller, manageable tasks. Supervise. Stay nearby while the work gets done. Gently remind what the topic or task is if attention seems to be wandering -- something simple like, "How's your math going?" or "You're making good progress so far," or "I appreciate the effort you're putting in," helps snap his concentration back from that interesting leaf outside back to what he was supposed to be looking at. The goal is not to do the homework, and not even necessarily to sit there prompting for each addition problem -- provide the extra focus that's naturally lacking, be a resource to help adjust the homework plan if it turns out something is harder (or easier!) than expected, and just be a comforting presence so it doesn't feel like ME VERSUS HOMEWORK. Modeling this behavior yourself will not "make the baby believe cuddly bears talk back" (see below). If anything, it could help your child see that imaginative play is fun and normal. And as she grows and enacts her own imaginative, creative interactions with toys, engage in that with her; let her imagination take the lead, but interact with her through the toys. Imaginative play is both normal and healthy for children (read "The Need for Pretend Play in Child Development", posted on Psychology Today, as just one of many sources that support this theory). I've found that those suggestion are useful for neurotypical children, too. Any child can benefit from making activities interesting and engaging, redirecting bad behavior instead of reprimanding, having an organized schedule and structured life -- I find the advice to be useful for all three of my children, not just the one officially diagnosed as ADHD. A year later, he gets frustrated less quickly, doesn't declare that he's stupid and worthless (as often), and is becoming more aware of situations or circumstances that particularly cause him problems. He actively suggests ideas for interventions. But most importantly, he is equipped with knowledge and strategies that will be useful long after he grows up. Honesty about a learning disability is important for helping the child cope with it. They know if their grades aren't as good, or they can't remember the words, or it's harder for them to read — absent any information to the contrary, they may simply conclude that they're stupid or worthless and therefore just stop trying. Parents and teachers can provide extra support (tutoring, for example, or extra time on tests), but at some point kids grow up and aren't in school anymore. Young children regularly cuddle, talk to, and animate their toys. A handful of anecdotes: As long as you're working together to keep an eye on behavior, attention, and your daughter's progress, it's much simpler to deal with problems that may arise. Figuring out what works and what doesn't, and sharing what you've found effective at home, will help the teacher figure out what tools or techniques they can use in the classroom to keep her learning.