I'm going to address your question at a higher level first. 

This is an issue where you need to speak to a local scholar, really and truly. 

Following any commands of rasulullah are counted as ibaadah (obviously). Here, he mentions dipping the fly in, for the benefit of nullifying the disease. 

As for the worldly benefits, or the justifications, sometimes we know it, and sometimes we don't. A famous statement of Ali ibn Abi Talib is: "If everything in Islam made logical sense, masaah (wiping over your socks instead of washing over them) would be on the bottom of the sock, not the top." Because that's where the dirt is. 

So in terms of ethical and moral conduct, he did not distinguish between people of any race, religion, social or economic background. 

Here in "The West," our culture -- both as people living here, and as Muslims -- is largely variable and still undergoing a lot of change. For example, men wearing earrings (one or two) has become semi-mainstream over the last decade or so. This is something that can affect the ruling of "men should not dress like women and vice-versa." Similarly, birthdays. 

This refers to deep friendship and ruining you in your religious values, as I mentioned above; from the perspective of Islam, this is your hereafter, and that's the most important thing. 

Source: Fiqh of Food and Clothing class, circa 2008 

Edit: Some proofs about this issue are below. First, the verse of Surah Al-e-Imran: 

And know that the historical and majority opinion is and always will be that celebrating is haram. This fatwa on Islam-QA puts forth that opinion, which is solid and supported by many big 'ulama throughout time. 

Islam as a deen (comprehensive way of life) generally permits everything, and screens out those things which are haraam. 

In Mecca, when Islam was a few people in number, he lived and interacted with non-Muslims (idol worshippers, specifically) peacefully. He would buy and sell from them, visit their sick, and they would even entrust him with their belongings (despite fighting him and oppressing him and torturing him and his companions). This is why they called him "Al-Amin," the trustworthy. 

In Medinah, when he lived in a Muslim state, along with some Jews, he conducted himself the same way as in Mecca. All of the above applied. 

Also, in da'wah, sometimes we fall into this mistake where we try to justify an action by the benefits. For example, Muslims used to say that "we don't eat pig because of the parasites, it's really unclean and bad for you." But today, pork is much more hygienic, and you can get by without getting sick. So yes, that was one benefit, but perhaps not the cause.