Another thing I do is pray 3 Hail Mary's (This is also known as the "Little Office of Our Lady") before bed, asking for the grace of purity while remembering her as a model of purity. If, at the time, eating together could serve no purpose other than to weaken the faith of the Christian it has no bearing in relation to Rabbinic Tradition. To denounce it would be like a Pope denouncing the Inquisition for being a bad policy for the protection of Christendom in Spain against the Moors. When Pope John Paul II did apologize I think it it was for the particular acts of evil committed in the name of the Church, not the policy promulgated by the Bishops. So, we were expecting an encyclical on Faith for the year of Faith 2013, and if it doesn't get published in the next two and a half weeks will it be destroyed or can it (if it even exists) be published "posthumously"? Male saints who take similar vows are usually referred to as Confessors, not because they heard a lot of confessions, but because they confessed the faith. Male chastity is every bit as reverenced and useful as female in the Church. Can't give you a legit explanation of why men aren't titled under 'virgin', but keep in mind most church words (Ordinary, Common etc...) have completely different connotative meanings than in ordinary and common usage. (that was a Catholic joke, har har). He's saying, when you forgive sins, they are GONE. That's what a priest tells you in confession. He tells you, that in God's eyes, your sins are no more. You could still be thrown in jail for them, you may still have to pay up in purgatory for them, but whatever you did is forgiven forever. Our sin has eternal significance, so do Christ's words in Matt 16:19 Books to read with religion in it: As an avid reader of Chesterton, I'm often perplexed at how much love he gives to Catholics even before he became one himself. He converted to Catholicism in 1922 and only spent 14 years on earth as a Catholic. But starting in 1908 with the Man who was Thursday the heroes of his books and stories have been predominantly Catholics (Father Brown, Gabriel Syme, Ian Maclan). it goes on to give the account, for reasons unknown to me, of Jesus washing His disciple's feet. Which incidentally would have happened at about the same time as the institution of the Eucharist in the other Gospels. The thing I noticed here is that in the same way that Jesus says we should consume His Body and Blood in remembrance of Him, He also says that we should wash each others feet. A eulogy is not part of the Mass, the Mass is for the repose of the soul of the deceased, not to honor his or her life. more info on Funerals from the US Council of Catholic Bishops. Apparently, in extraordinary circumstances, non Catholic's can read at the Mass. Sacred tradition in Catholicism makes the Sacrament of Penance and Reconciliation the pathway by which life in Christ is possible. In the United States at least, before receiving first communion, children must first go to reconciliation. All Catholics who are conscious of mortal sin, must confess their sins before receiving communion. In fact, the only other way to "have life within you", to a Catholic is to get Baptized, then be hit by a bus (or desire Baptism in some way and be hit by a bus (or to stop someone from being hit by a bus and be hit by a bus *)) Personally, I pray the Rosary every day. Sometimes it's not done very well, most of the time it is done in a distracted way - but that's my problem, not a problem with the prayer. However, eulogies are often given, after the priest has spoken his homily (about halfway through mass) Are you supposed to bring a dish to the luncheon? As far as extra-biblical prayers are concerned, the Our Father is straight out the didache (teaching of the 12 apostles). So even though that's ancient and the Hail Mary is comparatively modern. Catholics continually pray new prayers and invoke the communion of Saints for intercession. We don't ask Mary to forgive our sins, but we do ask her for protection. Because the purpose is contemplating the life of Jesus and the original purpose was about as far as illiterate medieval's could grasp. It was certainly a good prayer, shouldn't be construed with any biblical injunction on vain repetition - so long as there is no vanity involved. I've heard that after popes die (at least after Bl. John Paul II died) all their unpublished works and letters are burnt and I heard on the radio this morning that Pope Benedict XVI is pretty much going in to hiding, not just as a former head of state, but also to not influence in any way the new Pope.