Borderlands previously did not include steam achievements. If it just came out recently, I'd give them a day or so to get database issues sorted out. Going from the steam side of things, you can manually upload an image, but there doesn't seem to be an option to select it as the thumbnail: As far as I know, Steamworks is going to function as the game's DRM which means that even if there's a physical install disc, you'll need steam to play it, even in offline mode. to: http://store.steampowered.com/app/8980/ (no achievements listed) Playing Civ V in offline mode should allow you to play other steam games simultaneously. I feel compelled to point out, however, that steam only allows one copy of itself to run at any given time, so short of some technical tinkering, you're still limited to one game / steam / computer. The Steam Support site has a pretty thorough step by step instruction. Is this something doable in-game, or is there some workshop setting that I'm missing? (There definitely are mods for this game with thumbnails) Judging by the latest background, the black one, at least, has a name: Cyl. Alright, so I signed up for the Steam Family Sharing Beta. I followed the instructions to share my games on my family member's computer. If two people are in the same group, they can message each other without being Steam-friends. This is a potential scam/spam vector. However, it's not a common one, in my experience. But, how do I do it? I've looked over all the menus and settings, and don't see anything for Big Picture Mode anywhere! The author was referring to the steam holiday gems. On Steam, you have a Library and an Inventory. Your Library is the list of games you own and can play, but can't trade; your Inventory is the list of games you can trade but can't play. Steam officially released Big Picture Mode today, for navigating Steam with a controller. They claim it can be used from the computer, without the need to hook up to a TV. If you want to play a game in your Inventory, you can add it to your Library, but games can't move in the other direction - once a game is in your Library, it's there forever and can never be traded. Borderlands previously did not include steam achievements. If it just came out recently, I'd give them a day or so to get database issues sorted out. I can't for the life of me seem to find anywhere to actually set the thumbnail. The in-game upload screen seems to be lacking this as well. to: http://store.steampowered.com/app/8980/ (no achievements listed) SteamID refers to your Steam account's unique numeric identifier. The instructions below will help you find your SteamID - for assistance with the Steam Community, please see the Steam Community topic. As far as I know, Steamworks is going to function as the game's DRM which means that even if there's a physical install disc, you'll need steam to play it, even in offline mode. So with the Steam Summer Sale in full swing, I've finally taken notice of the Steam Mascots. Is this something doable in-game, or is there some workshop setting that I'm missing? (There definitely are mods for this game with thumbnails) Compare: http://store.steampowered.com/app/440/ (364 achievements listed) In general, you can determine whether or not a game has steam achievements by checking the community box in the right edge of the game's profile in the steam store. Going from the steam side of things, you can manually upload an image, but there doesn't seem to be an option to select it as the thumbnail: