In short, this book is way less fluid than modern edits to Charles Dickens or William Shakespeare. 

First off, because Adam had language (he was naming the animals after all), we can rule out a non-intelligible caveman grunting society stereotype. So, Neanderthals they weren't. That said, there is some interesting evidence from Genesis 4 that may pertain to the "caveman" question. Specifically, Genesis 4:19 -22 says: 

Indeed, the "closed canon" of the NT wasn't even recorded in its entirety until 367, when Athanasuis published his festal letter. This letter is merely a recommendation list, much like the NY Times best-seller list. It lists books which are "profitable" (see 1 Tim 3:16) for a Christian to read, but it merely reflects consensus, not dogma. 

Typically the most common usage adheres to evangelicals and Protestants. This article from Westminster, for example, questions whether or not bibliolatry is possible. Its conclusion states: 

All of the books of the NT were at one time considered to have some apostolic authorship, although Hebrews is no longer considered to be Pauline. 

As one who is probably more literal than most, I would suggest there are a few categories in which to consider the question: 

That Adam and Eve Died to God that day taught them that God must be obeyed. A lack of understanding of the consequences is not a justifiable defense. 

What Adam probably would have understood, however, is the concept of alive and not alive. He was alive before Eve, and while he wasn't awake for it, probably understood ru'ach - breath inside of Eve animating her. 

From God's perspective, we're all sinners anyway. As Isaiah says, 

Again, neither a widespread position, nor the exclusive basis of the claim. 

The term for this tendency to "over-elevate" Scripture is bibliolatry. It is typically a perjorative term in which one identifies oneself as having overemphasized the letter of the law over the Spirit. 

The idea of not having breath, of being inanimate, probably would have made sense, because Adam in naming the animals, would have understood what is not animal, and therefore what is not alive. 

The incarnation is such a supreme act of love, because it is a holy God, in whose presence sin can not stand, doing everything He can to reach out to sinners. 

Do you know what the "B" (Vatican) and "Aleph" (Sinai) manuscripts do to the three words, "should not perish"? They REMOVE them. So, in the two false Greek texts, there's no hell in Jn. 3:15. What versions follow these corrupted Greek texts? The NIV follows them, the NASV follows them, and the NKJV in the footnotes, follows them. So do the other modern versions and perversions. For them, there is no hell in Jn. 3:15. Is this not a major doctrine? 

I'd like to show some examples that one commentator says are "significant", from @CwallenPoole's excellent answer: 

Very few scholars would now argue that there was no King David. Very few also doubt that there was a big Philistine named Goliath whom he killed. The question is typically along the lines of, "Was he really just a boy with a sling?" As a literalist who believes that God does intervene in history, I tend to view this as an actual event that occurs more or less as the Bible describes it. Could it have been four stones in his pouch instead of five? For me, that would be an irrelevant detail - for an inerrantist it would be a requirement. For a liberal, the entire story was probably an embellishment after a real knock down, drag out battle, and the details grew in the retelling. 

[Paul]Colossians - 60 or 61, about the same time as Philemon 

[Jude]Jude - difficult to date, could be from 65 AD to 80AD