Cross chaining a road bike or the first two chain rings is something that happens. But on a mountain bike in the granny gear that extreme cross chaining is just not something that should come up. I would not put that kind of stress on a chain even to test. But you do see it in BMX, track, and fixie You don't see it in narrow chians as have a derailleur to take up slack It should not wear that much in two months but something to check. Also SS is built to take the abuse of a fixie. In a fixie the chain has to take the braking force and gets hammered. Note the question is SS not fixie. 

You probably need a new cassette/freewheel. A new chain on a worn cassette will jump (especially on the harder gears). Or if you ride on the small gear in the rear even a bit it will wear and new chain might skip. But given it does not skip on other front gears I would chalk it up to chain tension. HL is also a style of chain but it is pretty much limited to SS, fixie, and BMX as far as I know. 

It will typically start in the higher gears as you have less teeth engaged. I would chose 3 in 1, motor oil, or transmission fluid over bar lube. Yes I would use bar lube on my bicycle chain if I had nothing else in the shop but I would not use it just because it was free. I would even use WD 40 for a single ride and get chain lube the next day. Not a great lubricant but WD 40 would not gunk up the chain. 

Move the wheel back in the dropout. Equal on both sides. Go for 1/2 to 1 inch of play in the chain. 

And then there is the connector thing. Connector is typically outer so you want the raw chain to end on inner both ends and you need to add one for the connector. Some times on a new chain the connector is on the chain and some times it is packaged separately. You have pin type one time connectors and reusable connector links. 

Let's say one link was removed from that chain. You would have to remove another to make it two links to connect and at two folded back on itself and I am not sure you could even call it a two link chain. 

Yes a new chain can skip in either an old chain ring or old cassette. 

Cross chaining is big big or little little. New a bike should do both but it is not ideal. On an older bike like that you lose some spring in the derailleur so it does not do as good a job at taking up slack. Yes that chain is too short for big big but if you give it enough chain for that you may find it does have enough tension in smaller (tooth count) gears. The cheapest solution is maybe to just stay away from big big and little little. Make the middle front your friend. It is not like you go the shop and buy a specific size so I have never found a need to know the number of lengths in my chain. 114 and 116 seem to be common packaging. If you have a touring with a long chain stay or tandem then you would have some custom length chains. I suspect they just buy multiple packages and some extra connectors. You can buy spools of raw chain. 

On the picture of the derailleur it is pretty much maxed out giving chain length. Notice it is swung way forward. 

You pay $20+ for a decent chain. Why would you skimp using a product not designed to protect the chain? A good chain lube is not very expensive and goes a long way.