If we don't succeed, we know that the afternoon and evening will be a little tougher. One thing we are very clear about: No whining, no begging. He may choose to end his nap, but we won't accept any kind of blackmail (crying) because he wants movie/candy/whatever. He is allowed to play with his toys just like always, and he may ask us to play along just like always. But he is not allowed to set our agenda, or to demand unusual things (in our case, movies or candy are in the "unusual" category and is not on offer when he's grumpy). 

Are we creating a negative link between "time-outs" and "his room"? How can we avoid that? 

All training requires repetitions before it's really "learned" but these repetitions refer to separate situations. When you have to repeat yourself several times in a row in a single situation, then more discipline is required. 

We don't have a "naughty step", "naughty corner" or whatever location is often mentioned in such time-out methods. He wouldn't stay there anyway, but staying in his room works fine. First, you promised your sister a prize if she achieved a goal. She has earned this and you should keep your promise. Also, adjust your expectations so that your next challenge to her is a real challenge. You could praise her for (positively!) surprising you. 

He is not misbehaving out of anger, merely for his own enjoyment. Although his naps are generally short, he's only slightly less prone to misbehave when he's well rested anyway. He's not spoiled and buried in toys but he has enough that he doesn't play with all of them. He very rarely plays by himself for more than 5 minutes, so it's very difficult to get anything done while he's awake (cleaning, cooking, reading, calling, mailing, working). I'm sure he gets more than enough attention, but he seems to be craving for permanent, undivided attention but that's just not possible. He does get plenty of positive attention, and plenty of praise for the many good things he does. The problem is that mom can't give him attention all of the time. 

Corrections may escalate from a stern "no" and removing the toy, to removing him from the location, to sitting him down and explain in short and clear terms what's right and wrong. After enough times there's just no patience left (nor energy), especially when it's been going on all day, all week, all month. 

We don't believe in physical punishment (spanking etc.). We do believe that our son clearly understands what we tell him, and when he's not alone with mom, he demonstrates that he clearly understands the rules that exist. 

The next step is actually executing that consequence. Don't go to the park. Explain or discuss what happened and why. This will help teach the connection between cause and effect (disobeying --> punishment). You can still spontaneously decide to go to the park an hour later, but make sure that the consequence is made clear before "giving in". What did work very well though was my father's way of grabbing me tightly by my upper arms and holding me there, while very obviously fighting his temper and just telling me what's right and wrong. That made a much stronger impression on me than any face slaps ever did. Bonus: it was totally harmless, physically.