The Short Version In an article from the National Sleep Foundation regarding how much sleep kids need, they state that for a 2 year old it is recommended that they get between 11 and 14 hours of sleep per day but also acknowledge that anywhere between 9 and 16 hours may be appropriate depending on the individual. Anything outside of that range was categorized as "not recommended". So it seems like your toddler is within an acceptable range. The Longer Version In a study published in the Sleep Health journal (which is affiliated with the National Sleep Foundation (an American thing)), the researchers gathered a large group of sleep related studies, papers and articles and distributed them to members of various sleep experts and medical organizations, which included the American Academy of Pediatrics. These members were asked to review the material, and then vote on whether a given amount of sleep was appropriate for someone in a given age group. The researchers compiled all the votes and grouped the hours of sleep into categories based on how many people in the voting group agreed or disagreed on the appropriateness of the amount of sleep for someone in the given age group. The results are as follows: The study also has a caveat that all this is talking about how much time is actually spent sleeping compared to time in bed. The research material used often did not make the distinction, which they state would bias the numbers towards the higher end of what is really needed. They also state that no mention was made about the quality of sleep and how that affects the recommendations. These (along with a few other things they mention in the paper) are just some things to keep in mind when evaluating how your child compares to these recommendations. The real problem here, as you know, is the father's negative attitude towards his son. If he doesn't have visitation rights, you can specify that he can see his son only when you are present, so that you can see how the father acts towards your son. Having a number of such visits might let you make a more informed decision on how much of a role you want to allow the father to play in your son's life. Having a father play a role is important, if it's not a destructive role. Only you are in a position to decide that. Sex? There were other empty bedrooms; never in front of the kids. But cuddling and talking in a low voice- or even reading, for that matter - was not a problem. They are not yet old enough, though, to participate in protracted discussions of how this causes pain to people, isn't good behavior, etc. so repeated conversations trying to get him to see that this isn't acceptable is likely to be unproductive. I think this is the gist of your question. For this, I have a couple of suggestions. First a bit of background. If you want to leave him but fear for your daughter's relationship with him, see a counselor to discuss the impact it might have on your daughter, good and bad. How he reacts to this is not under your control. We called it the family bedroom. As I said, I haven't seen it proposed here before. But it was so much easier for everyone involved at our house. These are some of the reasons your doctors might not appear to be taking this seriously. It doesn't mean they don't care. In all likelihood, they do care, and they are - in all likelihood - doing what many doctors would do in your situation. Adequate attention throughout the day, ability to express emotions, avoidance of triggers, teaching alternatives, positive reinforcement of desired behavior, and consistent consequences for hurtful behavior should be a good start. This site is one of my favorites for general problems. There is a list of the tests doctors should do in your son's case (routine cultures, Ova and Parasites, Rotavirus antigen, Giardia antigen, Hemocult test, and any that might be specific to your area); you can make sure they have tested for all of these. You seem to imply that his drinking is either under control or sporadic at the present. You also seem to be saying that you want to leave him, but you're afraid to do so because it might send him on a binge.