You can sometimes work your way back to "why did someone do something?" and so we learn that God did send Paul the message that way for a particular purpose: to get him to apply his considerable energy and talent for Christ. It worked. God did pass his instructions to Samuel (and all of the other prophets ...) St Basil notes this in his description of the distinction between spiritual beings: And everyone says the Our Father. (Ref = Liturgy of the Eucharist, Roman Missal, 3rd edition) TL;DR (1) Because He doesn't need to, and (2) it's not His style. 1 Samuel 3:18 The two are in harmony. (See Catechism 2770-2772 below). This is ably demonstrated during the Mass, since one of the prayers included is the Our Father, during the Liturgy of the Eucharist (cf Roman Missal, 3d edition). Of the seven properties of the glorified body identified by St. Thomas Aquinas, the first three are relevant for the purposes of this answer: (Summarized for brevity from here) Footnotes / citations from the Catechism is as follows: 1 Canticle of the Creatures, in Francis of Assisi: Early Documents, vol. 1, New York-London-Manila, 1999, 113-114. 4 It was passed down from Jesus to his Disciples, so you can (from the Trinity perspective) say that God(The Son) gave this prayer to His People/The Faithful -- since He is perfect, the prayer is perfect. 1/ to have any ministerial participation in celebrating the sacrifice of the Eucharist or any other ceremonies of worship whatsoever; If the Catholic's previous marriage was already annulled ("declaration of nullity" was issued for that marriage), then efforts at convalidation will take a different course and a lot less time. Confirmed at the Council of Trent, where some of your points were addressed. From the Council of Trent(page 170 of that link) Perhaps it is invalid or illicit to celebrate mass in a church that has not been consecrated, and therefore the consecration is essential? Before the Reformation/Origin of Protestant Christianity, Tradition and Scripture were in a harmonious relationship (granted, not without a lot of argument, see various heresies and schisms). A sound argument can be made that without tradition and the lived faith of the faithful having carried forward from the first two generations of Christians -- who did the "boots on the ground" spreading of and teaching of the Gospel (the Good News of Jesus Christ)-- the NT would not have been put into written form. (1) But that's getting off topic and a bit "truthy" in nature). (2) This does not contradict the point the authors made about scripture being "God breathed." (3) It is bizarre to conclude, however, that God's breath only applies to someone subsequently taking a pen to paper, though after reading through that article again I am not sure that is an assertion of record. 1 Liturgy of St. John Chrysostom, Anaphora. Demanding that one receive a special message identical to Paul's from God is to deeply misunderstand the relationship between man and God, and in so doing step smartly into the deadly sin of pride. Final Answer: based on the Catechism, at time of conception. There are also three scrutinies. "Romantic freedoms" don't enter into it at all 1 The current Code of Canon law uses the term dedication, but the process takes on the character of consecration -- equivalent terms. Getting on to technicalities now ... This question was answered about 1300 years ago. The Seventh Ecumenical Council at Nicaea in 787 was convened as a direct response to the Iconoclast movement and the destruction of images in the Eastern Roman Empire. God's method, shown in Scripture, is to pick certain servants to get His word out to others There's a whole world full of Christians (Catholic and otherwise) striving to get the Good News of Jesus to the non-believer. The Great Commission called to the faithful during the Apostolic age, and 2000 years later still calls all Christians to do likewise(CCC 1-3). Even before the Apostolic age God called certain individuals to go forth and get His words out to others: the prophets. The Old Testament shows that God's "style" is to pick someone to go forth and do what He needs done. A recent document (Sensus Fidei in the life of the Church) likewise minimizes any distinction between these two bodies within the Church: Short Answer Strictly speaking, the Church is as against sex among the non-married heterosexuals as it is against sex among non-married homosexuals. By teaching, the Church only accepts as correct sex between a man and a woman who are a married couple. All other sex is considered fornication, adultery, or a variety of other disordered acts. (Offenses Against Chastity per CCC 2350-2356). Marriage between man and woman goes back to Genesis in Scripture, and is further supported by Jesus' teachings in Mark (10) and Matthew (19) where the same language is used: For a more recent example, Saint Francis of Assisi didn't require a Pauline experience to go forth, change his life, and then do God's work. Why does anyone else need or require it? 2116 All forms of divination are to be rejected: recourse to Satan or demons, conjuring up the dead or other practices falsely supposed to "unveil" the future.48 Consulting horoscopes, astrology, palm reading, interpretation of omens and lots, the phenomena of clairvoyance, and recourse to mediums all conceal a desire for power over time, history, and, in the last analysis, other human beings, as well as a wish to conciliate hidden powers. They contradict the honor, respect, and loving fear that we owe to God alone. The importance of what he was doing has been covered by St Thomas Aquinas in the Summa Theologica (Part III, Q 54) regarding Jesus in his Glorified Body. Graces given repaid by the sins of pride and envy Paul was given a particular Grace, a Gift from God, that took a particular form. Others are given graces that take other forms. Among the graces given to us is the people that we know and meet who bring God's word to us, in both word and deed. If we reject them -- nope, I'm not buying it until Jesus strikes me blind for three days -- how do we know that we have not just rejected God's grace? We don't.