Another issue with refunding bounties is this: Data.SE never really was part of the SE network. It was made by waffles/Tim Stone as a side project, and doesn't tie with the rest of the network. I guess that integrating it into the network (associated accounts, etc) would be a very non trivial change, and would require a lot of work for little gain :/ So, you get to learn by asking questions(obviously), you get to lean by answering, and comments--well, you can put it this way: "comments let you interact with fellow programmers and widen your base". So, placing a bounty will make it get lost within the featured tab. Of course, you could sort the tab by "newest"--but that's extremely unfair to users who use bounties to get attention/answers for their old, unanswered posts (one of the primary uses for bounties, in fact). If they sort it by posts that have recently been bountied, the re-bountied posts will come up. Yes, you can come up with a "been bountied only once/etc" metric, but that just gets complicated. The time stamps were correct in the time when the email was sent, but now they are pretty much useless. Winter Bash seem to attract lots of attention and I see many users wearing all kinds of hats. When it's over, the hats will of course disappear however I think that adding usage statistics to the official blog post will be a good thing just to... well, just to have statistics. This also applies to unread inbox items notification: Same top bar. But different colors! Consistency broken. Total hats being actively worn all across the network: grand sum and maybe even how many of each type and for how long. (Kind of "popularity meter") Well, you can also remove it from within the box itself by clicking the highlighted star: I don't read my emails 24/7, and today read an email that was sent 2 days ago: Is it possible to show alert (on top, like the alerts for new badges for example) for users with 0% accept rate when they log in, with text like "Please improve your accept rate" and link to page explaining how and why? I would like to see the following information: Black on black, I can see just a floating number - really confusing and out of any context. From what I see, the points are the economy of SO sites so people who ask, get answer, and don't accept (on regular basis) are like people buying something without paying - and they should somehow be notified this is the situation. I'm not talking about adding live stats like already asked before, but rather adding this after there are no more hats so that we can reflect on that and tell our friends "See, we were part of this!". I've just noticed the suggested edits count on Meta: I think the most fitting candidate for the link is the question time stamp: I know it was already suggested to lock edits and similar solutions, but I suggest whole different approach: instead of auto rejecting the suggested edit, dismiss it, i.e. cancel it like it never existed same way a bounty can be revoked by moderator. Start a bounty on the question he answered and give it to that answer, there is even a bounty reason "Great Answer". For many people on Stack Overflow 500 rep points taste better than any beer. The purpose of this is to discourage excessive bumping of your own posts in order to gain more reputation. One major problem with this is that for a new user this is just terribly confusing, suddenly they don't gain any reputation for that post anymore but they aren't told what they did actually wrong. Splitting up the graduation into multiple parts won't help with the first point. There are some criteria that are rather subjective and can't be put into a convenient number. There is also far too much variability between sites to have any absolute criteria. A site about a niche topic has fewer questions and fewer answers than a site about a broader and more popular topic. For some sites 3-5 questions a day is a sign of trouble, for others this is good enough and not a barrier to graduation. The designer bottleneck can only be solved by hiring another one or two designers, which SE is currently trying to do. I wouldn't want to change the rules to circumvent what is hopefully a temporary issue (though it has been a temporary issue for a while now). A failed migration like that is very confusing to the user asking the question in the first place, and also unnecessary work for the moderators of both sites, as they have to coordinate to clear the migration history and delete the migrated question. Both, Area 51 and stackexchange.com display the total number of users as one of the statistics available for each site. Area 51 additionally displays the number of avid users defined by meeting a certain threshold of reputation on the site. There is also a graph of new users in the moderator tools.