If induction is possible for a certain type of facts, there are causal relations which are knowable with respect to those facts. There is no causal relation with respect to any fact about noumena that is knowable. Therefore, induction is impossible for any fact about noumena. If that's what you're saying, I imagine that Kant would fully agree. However, it seems that you're suggesting that an adequate theory of induction would somehow allow for knowledge about noumenal facts. It that case, it might be helpful to note that the second point of the argument only applies in virtue of the fact that we have to rely on our senses: 

"Kant held to [the soul] while denying its fruitfulness as a premise for deducing consequences verifiable here below." (The Principles of Psychology, p. 211) 

In his work, The Principles of Psychology, James makes the following comments: 

It is interesting to note that he prefixed his proof with comments concerning the extent of idealism in the philosophies of Descartes and Berkeley. Although he criticised Berkeley for being too "dogmatic", he said that Descartes had taken the more philosophical approach by expressing doubt with respect to that which couldn't be proven: 

Since judgement is a spontaneous act of the understanding, error arises in the misapplication or lack of application of judgement. Kant addresses the subject of error as follows: Given that he believe that some synthetic propositions are necessarily true, Kant needed to distinguish them from analytic judgements which he also considered necessarily true. Therefore, his definition of analytic judgements must be understood such that it maintain the property of necessity. In the case of analytic judgements, necessity is rooted in nothing more that convention or agreement. If it is thought to have any other basis, it ceases to be analytic: It has been adopted in every edition I know, not the least of them the "Akademie-Ausgabe" of 1902 (first volumes, others followed), which is still the main reference for citations of Kant and adopted and translated by the Cambridge edition, keeping the pagenumbers. Science proper here only consists in the pure part. That is why in his introduction to the Anthropology, he dismisses psychology as not being a science proper in any way, missing this pure part. 

He has established that the (absolutely) good will has to be necessary and unconditioned before (the first seven paragraphs). He has established per proposition two that we are speaking of a principle of the will, i.e. a general concept. His definition of a law is a proposition that is both necessary and general (see 4:418-20). Therefore, a good will has to have a principle that is a law. 

Ad [4.] What should have become clear by now is in what sense Blackburn is rejecting the suggestion Kant is supposed to have made (adding the source he bases this on would be helpful). The substantial self (or "soul of ME") is a body-mind unity that is not involved in any imagining as this involvement can only be achieved if all aspects of ME are involved, not by sitting in my armchair and imagining something. Experience is a totally different thing. I have recently talked to a professor that stated that this term is very vivid in Germany because of the strong kantian tradition, while almost never heard in the Netherlands regarding academic discussions about ethics (she has been a professor for applied ethics there for years). There, interesting enough, Hegel might be of more importance according to the introduction of my edition of the Phenomenology of Mind (Meiner). a) already is an inner contradiction in this thought ("it cannot even be thought") - For example the false promising would destroy the whole social instrument of promising as nobody would believe in promises anymore if we knew that everybody will necessarily lie the moment he thinks to be in trouble. But the maxim relies on that very presupposition (see comment below as well). So there is a inner tension (or contradiction) in trying to make false promising a (necessary!) general law for everybody. Because for making the promise (or communication in general) work it is essential that people believe what you are saying. But a law like that would undermine the credibility of such utterances. That means a principle like this as a general law violates logic and is in this sense "unthinkable" - coherently. Or The following is the argument that Kant presented to refute idealism: "Kant held to [the soul] while denying its fruitfulness as a premise for deducing consequences verifiable here below." (The Principles of Psychology, p. 211) 

If induction is possible for a certain type of facts, there are causal relations which are knowable with respect to those facts. There is no causal relation with respect to any fact about noumena that is knowable. Therefore, induction is impossible for any fact about noumena. If that's what you're saying, I imagine that Kant would fully agree. However, it seems that you're suggesting that an adequate theory of induction would somehow allow for knowledge about noumenal facts. It that case, it might be helpful to note that the second point of the argument only applies in virtue of the fact that we have to rely on our senses: In terms of logic, an identity can be thought of as defining how one thing may (although with some exceptions) be substituted for another. Quine, for example, sustains this same point: Yes. I don't think there's any real debate about that. Throughout the Critique of Pure Reason, one of the principle themes which Kant maintains is that the proper application of concepts is limited to objects of experience. If that weren't the case, all his arguments against the paralogisms in the Transcendental Dialectic would lose their force. He refers to them as paralogisms precisely because such arguments employ the transcendental use (A341/B399) of concepts which, for Kant, are illegitimate: 

In his work, The Principles of Psychology, James makes the following comments: