Blend the two statements into one The basic architecture I see at work here is statement of fact + explanation of statement. That is what gets to be tiring. So I suggest you try to vary your delivery of information. Some examples follow, which I will model on your first example (note necessary insertion of comma): Lead with the result as an independent sentence Lead with the result as a subordinate clause Sorry for the simplistic answer, but you are asking a very basic question. (Note that in the last case I have removed "some form of" as a modifier for "interface designer," because it weakens the statement.) The way to keep a narrative interesting in the first person (or from any POV, for that matter), is to leave out detail that doesn't advance character development or plot, or isn't interesting for some other reason. But there are other ways to avoid the problem you have identified. I do not think that lies with the word which, however, but in the way you construct your statements. Those are just three examples, and all are based on the statement you yourself made. But it is not the only statement possible. You can talk about other things, you can lead into something obliquely, then quicken the pace to make a bolder statement, and so on. The important thought that I would leave you with is that varying your prose is always a good idea. You can't bore people into reading what you write. You could argue that taste and identity could remain singular here. You could also argue for using plural pronouns to agree with singular subjects, but that's beside the point. There are so many different ways to say a thing, and it is the writer's job to put the words into a felicitous arrangement. If one phrasing causes you problems, use another one. If your problem were only with the single word which, it would be routine to solve it by simply using a different word: Just don't settle for one way of writing something. Example: Some writing teachers and critics will tell you never to use the first person because the minutiae of one's daily life are not necessarily interesting to readers. That's hogwash. Where is it written that first-person narratives have to include boring, irrelevant detail? The only reason to forego that POV is if you can't do it well. Plenty of great writing has been done from the first-person perspective, from the earliest novels (which were actually done in an epistolary style) to the most modern fiction. I've written this before, but I like to emphasize it, because it is really important. So here we go again: The 10 marking steps by Andreas Eschbach: Edit: past tense I spent a decade of my life writing this script, it was time to pay off. Hollywood was waiting. First print out your text (yes, you need it on paper). Pick a small text passage you can easily overview and go through all of the following 10 points with this passage. Then pick the next one. Use different colours for marking your text and for editing it. James Frey wrote an anecdote in the first or second book of his "How to Write a Damn Good Novel" series. Year after year a woman came to his writing class, who showed that she was totally untalented. He was asking himself, why she didn't give up. But she was stubborn. And she got better every year. Lastly she published a novel which was a success. In opposite to many more talented participants, who knew they were good, but didn't turn that benefit into any real outcome. Hard work always beats talent! Or as Eric Sink put it: Focus on the first derivative! In short, slow down, explain more, and quit trying to impress us with your cool world-building until we care about these people. You might use asterisks as well: The narrative voice goes back and forth from almost a prose of his thoughts to standard third-person omniscient. Pick one. Now, close your eyes and put yourself into the room. Engage all your senses — one at a time, if this is unfamiliar work for you. Start asking yourself these kinds of questions: As a separate but related note, I would use sent rather than thought at or thought to as the attribution tag, but that's a matter of style. You won't use all the information (edit to clarify: all in this scene), but it will help you to get a sense of the physical place of your characters. Add in whatever is useful. Save the rest as notes if you return to the room and you need other information to add, or if you want to change something to demonstrate the passage of time or a character development.