What catches my attention is the discussion of the Egyptian Solar God Ra who was established as a major deity by the time of the fifth dynasty circa 2400 BC. He is said to travel on two solar boats: Does this point towards a common Indo-Aryan philosophic culture? 

Of course, this would mean that Kant would have had an indirect influence on Einsteins SR and GR - given their use of such geometries. 

Its these two senses must be distinguished; only the first sense is a good description. In Kants compressed language, this means that it is not neccessarily the case that triangles, given their axiomatic definition in (Euclidean) Geometry, must have the sum of any two sides greater than the third. 

Then, one might ask, is the Tao that has been translated, the real and permanent Tao? 

It's rather like reading a historical novel of Roman Antiquity by a Londoner; and finding it, when comparing it to accounts written by those living then, of contemporary Londoners dressed in roman togas - rather like the pastiche or parody carry on up the Tiber. Many, many, many "postmodernist" scholars vehemently disagree with one another. Somehow, this camp has grown to contain post-Marxists, feminists, deconstructionists, anarchists, post-Freudian psychoanalysts, and everything else outside and in between. Many people use it as a label of denigration, or at least a nicer way of saying "those people", the "different" ones, the ones "we" don't agree with. You see this in an unfortunate amount of academic literature, and in an even more unfortunate amount of colloquial rhetoric. See, for example, Paul Hartman's "What is 'Postmodernism'?" or the infamous Postmodernism Generator (refresh repeatedly for a real thrill!). In a truly postmodern sense, its accuracy lies in its appalling inaccuracy. Surely this apparent demotion of Nietzsche to "idle talk" would only incense Heidegger, but Nietzsche appears to have grown content with this state of affairs some time later, following his initial rant against modern media systems in Human, All Too Human. If "postmodernism" implies anything at all, it implies problematization, the refusal to tacitly accept anything as objectively true, as objectively real, as objectively valuable. That doesn't, of course, mean that it embraces skepticism. That doesn't mean that it necessarily rejects all notions of objective truth. But it does mean that the goal is to problematize everything, to attempt to see everything from a different light, to root out problems at their source, to emphasize connections that haven't been previously observed or noted, to engage in relations with other cultures, values, practices, and systems of thought. It's a critical project, one in which nothing is taken as absolute, including the idea that nothing is an absolute. 

The above-quoted line comes from a list of aphorisms in Twilight of the Idols  that Nietzsche has labeled "Maxims and Arrows". In this section, he reflects on a series of statements that people commonly believe, but are either obviously fallacious or turn out to be true only in a surprising and unusual way. The name "arrow" reflects his hope that his analysis will pierce through people's typical complacency.