To abbesses in the Mass of their blessing; to virgins in the Mass of their consecration; to professed in the Mass of their first or renewed religious profession, provided that they take or renew their vows during the Mass; During early times public Communion in the churches was received under both kinds. But side by side with the regular liturgical usage of Communion, there existed from the earliest times the custom of communicating in certain cases under one kind alone. Examples of receiving communion in one kind alone can be seen as early as 3rd century in the writings of Tertullian, St. Cyprian, Eusebius and others. In these writing we can get an idea of why this practice might have been started. Some primary reasons are: To the parents, relatives and special benefactors, who take part in the Mass of a newly ordained priest. To lay missionaries, in the Mass in which they are publicly sent out on their mission, and to all others in the Mass in which they receive an ecclesiastical mission; Does anyone know when this practice first became accepted? In consequence of a Special Privilege of Grace from God, Mary was free from every personal sin during her whole life. - Fundamentals of Catholic Dogma by Ludwig Ott The following is a complete list of the translations of the Sacred Scriptures that have received the approval of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops since 1983 src: Other than the process becoming faster than before, I do not think there are any other impacts. After-all canonizations are infallible proclamations by the Pope. For more on the Iconoclast Movement, the Catholic Encyclopedia has an extensive entry. That is not as clear as you suggest, and certainly the soul is there before birth according to current teaching of the RCC. Current teaching looks like "at the time of conception" per the following: [977] Cf. John Paul II, Encyclical Letter Sollicitudo Rei Socialis, 34: AAS 80 (1988), 559-560. If you, or I, or an unbeliever tries to demand a particular form of grace from Him ... good luck with that. What your question amounts to is: "If I were God, I'd have done it this way..." You're not God and God does it His way. We are called to open our hearts and trust God. Doubting Thomas was chastised for having the wrong attitude. (See John 20:25-29, below). Can. 1364 §1. Without prejudice to the prescript of ⇒ can. 194, §1, n. 2, an apostate from the faith, **a heretic, or a schismatic incurs a latae sententiae excommunication; in addition, a cleric can be punished with the penalties mentioned in ⇒ can. 1336, §1, nn. 1, 2,and 3. This answer draws on experience in the very journey that you are currently undertaking: both as one who received the sacraments, and as one who now assists others in that same part of their faith journey. (Grateful for the assistance from @AthanasiusofAlex in paragraph 3, both bullet points) Why didn't He give you, or me, or an unbeliever Paul's experience? Two ways to answer that question. Can. 1215 §1. No church is to be built without the express written consent of the diocesan bishop. I recommend reading the extended treatment of "Veneration of Images" at the Catholic Encyclopedia online. The harmony is confirmed in the Eucharistic celebration itself. Convalidation covers a wide variety of situations, and is handled on a case by case basis. It is because of what Mass is to the catholic church. Mass is the Single most important commandment given by Christ to do until the end of times (Do this in remembrance of me Lk 22 / 1 Cor 11). Communion under Both Kinds article at Catholic Encyclopedia has answer to both of your questions To the parents, relatives and special benefactors, who take part in the Mass of a newly ordained priest. Instances of popes being involuntarily deposed There were women priests in other religion. So it wold not be a scandal if he did ordain women. Also priests are at mass in Persona Christi, so it would be proper for them to resemble Christ in body too. By the word important, if you mean the importance of participating in the Mass. Then important Mass would be Mass on Sundays and other Days of Obligation. There are specific ranks assigned to certain days. But this does not make the Mass more important (in the sense others are less important) in anyway. But it is important in the sense that they have to attend it. A good reference for this is the Athenasian Creed: Catholics, like other Christians, do not believe that going through certain rituals (such as mass and confession) get you to heaven. They believe that there is benefit from doing those things, but they are not the criteria for salvation. So to respond to your edited question The fundamental thing you have to remember about the Trinity is that God is both One and Three. It's really easy to find quotes that support Jesus and the Father as separate, and the response of the Christian is "yes, they are". It's also really easy to find verses that completely support the idea that God is One, and that Jesus is God. And the response of the Christian is "yes, they are". It is precisely the combination of those that gave rise to the doctrine of the Trinity. Edited to respond to the new version of the question. Finally, if there is no reason for the change driven by sexual identity, then the medical procedure becomes an act of mutilation.