Whenever, a user's reputation changes we check to see if they were notified for all the privileges they have, if any are missing – we insert notifications. For each privilege we have the rep required and 2 flags that dictate who gets notified. Veteran users are users that have an associated account on another SO site, non-vets do not. As you can see, veterans get significantly less notifications than non-vets (by-design) This was happening on locked posts. This bug also happens to be a heisenbug, when debugging it if your first breakpoint is too early, stepping through shows that everything is good. We only count an one "edit" per post, it does not matter if you edit the title or body multiple times. Secretly I added the workaround for chrome 6 only, I upgraded to chrome 7 today and the bug is back. I really don't want to make this workaround part of WMD. But let me take a step back and explain how the new system works: To compensate for the stricter requirements we reduced the thresholds: In fact it is so bad I do not want to include this in wmd.js Back in day one I had some code that suppressed notices shorter than 10 chars from being displayed. They are actually stored in the DB. For an added bonus, when the user filter box is cleared, the paging numbers should re-appear as well. When the system was deployed, I ran a script that "pretended" that all users with more rep than 10 got all the historic notifications. I seemed to have missed the vote-up priv there that caused this issue. Find as you type user feature always sorts on name. I find it a bit confusing that the sort order is swapped without me asking for it. We have another table that tracks which user was notified of which privilege. Ok, this happens cause of a pretty serious bug in the Chrome 6 regular expression engine. Under certain circumstances it fails to set back references properly. So we have this code: This is a bit glitchy, I seemed to have missed marking those notifications as "sent" when I deployed the system, there are 30 more users with 5k rep on SO that will be affected. We never, notify a user twice of the same privilege. EDIT : Although this is marked completed, it happened again today. I also thought maybe I miscounted, but I just went through again and got the same number. So, to make this an actual question, could someone earn Yearling on a given site without really doing anything at all? Or, phrased differently, what is the definition of "active member"? EDIT: Okay, despite the humorous language, the OP asked a serious question. So here is a serious answer. If the proposal is going to be locked or deleted, why stop at an uncommit button? The system might as well automatically uncommit all followers, in case they don't notice the status of the proposal for a while. I say this because I can't imagine any proposal ever returning to active status after reaching locked or deleted status, even though the possibility is technically open. Forcing people to manually uncommit is an annoyance at best and rubbing salt in the wound at worst. A moment ago, I had two "The bounty on your question expires in the next 24 hours" notification banners active here on MSO. I closed one, and it disappeared as expected. When I moved on to another question, both banners were gone. I delete a lot of spam accounts. If the only reason an account exists is to promote a site or product, I will delete it. If you were providing any actual content you would have been given a warning. The "votes still needed" denominator will be removed from the close and delete post menu items on the next build (> rev 2013.3.27.896), as it was causing too many layout issues on sites. Spammers know what they're doing. I'm not going to leave spam on Stack Overflow so that I can be nice to spammers. I'm here to serve the rest of the community. Most of these are just "List of X" questions anyway, and they're mostly lists of links on top of that. The top answers are also mostly collaboratively edited CW posts, so no one will be losing out on any future reputation if we move the content to a tag wiki and delete the questions. Update: I went through and deleted all of the sock-puppet accounts that were used to create bounties won by this user. There were around 20 sock-puppet accounts (I lost count), and over 5000 points of bounty awarded. There were over 1000 points of free reputation gained (because the system adds a free 50 to every bounty), which I assume was the whole point of this experiment.