However, aside from that, I don't know the answer to your question because pharyngealized consonants seem to be relatively rare and in Semitic, the most well-known group of languages that have them, they are already present in the reconstructed proto-language (although descendent languages may have somewhat different distributions) Are these last two related to the prothetic s- seen in Latin sub, super? (Wiktionary gives super < *eks-uper, but ὑπέρ < *uperi, which would seem to suggest that it is just a coincidence). 

However, the OED does record some OE spellings of onginnan with the letter y instead of i (e.g. ongynnan) which according to my understanding usually represented /y/ in Old English, a vowel which was not usually preceded by a palatalized consonant. This question seems confused. For one thing, you never define what you mean by “such languages”. A precise formulation of the concepts is important. If English developed from past languages by continuous change, and Latin developed from past languages by continuous change, the simplest way of explaining a body of shared vocabulary is to say that if you go far enough back, the language that was going to develop into English was the same as the language that was going to develop into Latin. 

A related question: a rough breathing seems to also have developed in some words that didn't start with upsilon, but that had *w in their PIE form. In most words starting with *w in PIE, like *wérǵom > ἔργον (érgon) the *w simply developed to ϝ (representing the sound /w/) and was later lost, leaving a smooth breathing behind. Why did a rough breathing develop in the following words? So, we’ve established these resemblances are not due to chance. The simplest remaining explanation is that these similar words originally come from one source. (There are other conceivable explanations for non-chance resemblances, e.g. “contact caused convergence of these words’ forms”, but that’s prima facie less likely and there’s no reason to suppose that is the explanation in general.) I know there are words where /g/ is thought to have been established before a front vowel due to Scandinavian influence, such as get and give, but I haven't found any mention of that for begin. The OED and Etymonline say that in Old English, a more common word built on the same root was onginnan, but this still seems like it should have palatalization. 

I don't know if it's also relevant that the PIE word-initial cluster *wr- merged with the reflex of the cluster *sr- in Greek, giving ῥ (rh, rho with a rough breathing). How did a rough breathing develop before all words starting with an upsilon in Ancient Greek? This is a commonly noted fact about the distribution of these sounds (or rather spellings), but I’m having a hard time figuring out the etymological reason for it. Also, linguists are extremely aware that reconstructions, e.g. forms like *bʰréh₂tēr for the common ancestor of "brother" and "frère", don't give a perfect description of an actually existing past language. That is the point bytebuster is making in the comments; nobody maintains that our reconstruction actually existed as a real language at some point in prehistory. The reconstruction, if it is done correctly, represents some information about prehistoric spoken forms that has been preserved in extant languages. It's unfortunate that the "Proto-X" names are often used for both concepts; I believe the hypothesized actual spoken language/dialect group is sometimes distinguished with the name of "Common X" (e.g. "Proto-Indo-European" would be our reconstruction of "Common Indo-European", which is whatever was actually spoken). Is this related to the *s that comes later in each of these roots? 

Wikipedia says that emphatic "p" also occurs/occured in some Semitic languages (Hebrew and Ge'ez), although it might have been a secondary development related to loanwords. 

I'd appreciate any explanation of how cheveu(x) developed phonetically. Perhaps the use of eu instead of eau here just reflects earlier or dialectal variation that was mostly leveled out in standard French, but that in itself would be an interesting answer.