I do see a few problems with your prose. In no particular order: 

Mark and Angela left Brooklyn, and arrived in the middle of Los Angeles six months later. You want economy in writing only in the sense that you need to pick a handful (around three) elements to describe, but there is no need to mince words too severely in those descriptions. 

For readers "he said" and "she said" are nigh on invisible, other single word attributions [urged, whined, whispered, cried, exclaimed, etc] are harder to process, and separate descriptions actually flow better. If you need one of those words, it may be more clear to put it up front. Kristen whispered so only Jack could hear her. "Try that again and I'll break your finger." Don't be in a rush to finish the scene "efficiently". In fiction people are reading for entertainment, they are almost never in a rush to have their entertainment over as soon as possible. So while we don't want to be repetitive in our descriptions, and do not want to describe what is irrelevant to the story (it might be irrelevant to describe the snacks, chairs, or previous history of the canvas as a painting tarp, or how well this guy is dressed, or his apparently self-taught haircut), it is okay to spend as many words as you like on what should be described in the scene. Use alternatives to "he said" and "she said" very sparingly. It is fine to add characterizations of vocal intonation separately. "Oh, of course!" she said, her jangled nerves apparent in her voice. If I am not addressing your question about repetitiveness, clarify it and I will edit. 2) Thoughtfully: If the POV is hers, what makes her think his glances are thoughtful, rather than say, suspicious or cautious or gaining his orientation in a new room? You have a physical setting to describe. People have thoughts and memories during conversations. There are pauses while they do that, if you aren't describing those thoughts and memories, it is a good time to flesh out the scenes. Pick a published best seller you like and see how that author does it, but set your vision to see what the author writes that is NOT dialogue. I have seen an author put a whole page of material (250 words) in the middle of a conversation, between one character asking a question, and another answering it. (In that case it was a relevant memory from the MC's past.) If you can't think of any concrete consequence, then his appearance means nothing. Nobody, including the MC, treats him any differently. It doesn't make him charming, he hasn't used his good looks to become practiced at manipulating women or rack up a bevy of conquests, it makes no difference to the MC or how they treat Mark, so why waste words describing Mark this way? That should be your thought process, either find a consequence in Mark's personality or skills that is a result of him being "handsome", or ditch the description. The same goes for "sad". If Mark doesn't act sad, disengaged and lethargic, separating from social interaction, distracted by his internal contemplations and dismissive of other people's problems or difficulties, and his sadness does not have any impact on the MC and presents no obstacles to the MC: Why make Mark sad? Describe the consequences of sadness and the obstacle that Mark's uncooperative emotional state presents for the MC. 

As for the leaders, she might know their names as they may have won fame or renown from battles they have won. She might even catch a glimpse of them from afar. But as you say, they would not lead a hunt for her, they would be too busy fighting battles. But again, with them giving the order to find her, it would be personal to her that they have ordered her capture. No, the generals would send one, or at most two, small strike teams to hunt her down. Maybe even individual sleuths to follow her trail discretely and catch up to her. Sure, the troops would be on the lookout for women of her description, but they can't do an all out manhunt whilst there is a war to win. Whilst this object that could turn the tide of the war is obviously important, it might turn out to just be rumor, or might end up being so well hidden that neither side would ever find it. Therefore committing a significant number of soldiers to pursue the girl is a massive waste of resources. Particularly in a war that is so well balanced an extra squad in an important checkpoint could turn the tide of the battle. This prompted me to do independent research to confirm her advice and I found this gem: Funny, but seriously? So I hunted a bit more then found Grammar Girl also has a great post on the usage of semicolons. She quotes no less of an authority than Kurt Vonnegut: I completed my novel and an editor friend graciously offered to assist me with formatting. As a former scientist, I am more familiar with technical or academic writing, so formatting fiction can be a challenge. My friend stripped out my semicolons and replaced most with a simple period. I asked why, was I using them inappropriately? I know they are used to separate independent but linking clauses, why make two short complete sentences when one will suffice? She laughed and said they are fine if you are a dead British writer, other than that they are used infrequently at best in modern fiction writing. Academics and technical writers are more prone to their usage by the nature of their writing.