Phenomenology has a narrow meaning in contemporary philosophy as a style of philosophical inquiry originated by Husserl, and I do think that it is particularly congenial to a mathematician. Husserl worked as Weierstrass's assistant in his youth, and later personally knew and corresponded with Cantor, Hilbert, Courant, Minkowski, and other major mathematicians of his time (he worked in in Göttingen until 1916), see On Husserl's Mathematical Apprenticeship and Philosophy of Mathematics. 

Is this counterintuitive? Very. Dummett himself after 40 years of anti-realism called it "coherent but repugnant", and experimented with softening justificationism about the past by placing it into subjunctive mood. So the past tense is meaningful if "someone suitably placed could have verified it". Presumably, "suitably placed" allows for something like a time machine to do the placement, so "king James II had migraine on the day of his 32 birthday" would clear the hurdle, but I am not so sure about the aspects of Big Bang not recoverable from the current universe. See Rispberg's Objectivity of the Past. 

These are historical examples of the Gettier problem of knowledge as justified true belief (JTB), when a person is justified in her belief, and the belief is true, but the justification relies on elements that are false. To put it plainly, a person believes the right stuff for the wrong reasons, but this "wrongness" is external to justification. Officially, Gettier knowledge is not knowledge, but "X knew that p" is colloquially interpreted as "X believed that q, which is translated into modern terms as p, and comes out as true", otherwise if X still believed that q then "X mistakenly believed that p". 

Hume's prior analysis of human faculties leaves him far more sceptical than Locke about their fruits. He rejects the "innate capacity to reason", and his analysis of our sensory input convinced him that the "unities" which Locke and even Berkeley still saw there, were mere "bundles of perceptions" lumped together by frequent repetition. This included even the sacrosanct dogmas of the inner "unity of self", and the outer "chains of causation", retained by the experimental science from the traditional metaphysics. Hume does single out mathematics as more trustworthy, but that is only because it covers "relations of ideas" only, and no "matters of fact". Contra Locke, it can not therefore serve as the ideal for empirical sciences. The role of the latter reduces to associating experience to form useful habits. That is Hume's "mitigated" scepticism, see Hume: Epistemology on Philosophy Pages. 

2. Feyerabend is advocating what he calls "democratic relativism". If one finds relativism self-defeating or otherwise unacceptable, then Feyerabend's proposal will surely be met unfavorably. 

In its mythological use the word has a clear meaning. It, or parallel words in other languages, is sometimes used to denote physical beings which are enthroned on Mount Olympus, in Heaven or in Hades, and which are endowed with power, wisdom, goodness and happiness to a greater or lesser extent. Sometimes the word also refers to spiritual beings which, indeed, do not have manlike bodies, yet manifest themselves nevertheless somehow in the things or processes of the visible world and are therefore empirically verifiable. 

Please note that one doesn't need to swallow the whole verificationist framework in order to find this analysis pertinent for the question at hand. The distinction between metaphysical and mythological meaning isn't necessarily based on any strict verificationist assumption. We can certainly enlarge our understanding of empirical existence to include theoretical concepts (electrons, strings) and social facts (the existence of five dollar bills, being married to someone). We can even enlarge our understanding of existence to the non empirical domain to include fantastical concepts (unicorns, etc.), such that e.g. in "some sense" we can say true things about Sherlock Holmes. 

Yet they disagreed on many aspects, in particular: 

Many claims about non-observable entities (unobservables) can, and indeed are, empirical. Other answers have already given more examples, so I won't go into more detail. 

Science, Feyerabend concedes, is useful at times to society. The scientific worldview may be a conception that scientists need in order to do science, but it is "a disaster" if taken as a conception for society as a whole. He uses Japan (rightly or wrongly) to demonstrate a case where a society has adopted science as a tool to develop technologically, but has not taken up its ideology to replace previous world views in society. 

I realize that there are serious gaps in that reasoning. 

From the SEP article on demarcation: 

Contrast this to the religious attitude: When somebody has faith in God, nothing, no set of real world facts or new experiments is going to convince them otherwise. When confronted with facts that might contradict their belief in a benevolent God (the holocaust, the death of children in Syria, hurricane Harvey,...) they would simply reply that "there must be a reason","God works in mysterious ways", etc...and continue believing none the less. One can say that the concept of God is not falsifiable (see this post). 

Answer those question and you will have an answer to your question. 

But does it? Consider the number of philosophers who say science is not everything - or even those of the Frankfurt school, who saw scientific thinking as having been harmful in many ways to humanity. 

Another way of looking at it is the following: Religion is backward looking, it assumes the truth is already established and known, we just need to go dig it up from the right sources. Science (again ideally, not always in practice) is forward looking, it assumes that the complete truth is not known yet, and that more shall be revealed. 

An ancient Egyptian observes the sun's movement, and proposes a theory that its movement is due to the god Ra's Sun Boat. A modern scientist observes it and proposes a theory that it is moved by mysterious force called gravity. In both cases, the only thing that can be observed is the sun's movement, both the god Ra and the force are abstract entities which cannot be observed. Both the Ancient Egyptian and the modern day scientist have to resort to unobservable metaphysical objects for their theory to be meaningful, otherwise they don't have a theory, they just have a bunch of observations. The concept of force seems more "rational" to us only because we have gotten accustomed in Western culture to concept, but to a truly neutral and empirically minded observer, the idea of a mysterious unseen vector pulling the sun through the sky is just as outlandish as a god on a boat. Both are cultural artifacts.