Some folks inquired as to why we need this. We've long had a backlog of proposals in Area 51 for sites that are (non-English) language specific, and as we continue to work on localization, we need to start building up the community team with individuals who speak languages that are native to a large number of potential users (Brazil, Japan, etc.) 

The lawyers would probably want me to be clear that the ToS is supposed to speak for itself, and anything I say that contradicts or takes an interpretive position on it in no way changes or supersedes a reasonable interpretation of it as written. (I don't know if they really always talk that way, but I like to think they do.) 

I don't think anyone wants to be the thought police, and I'm particularly wary of censorship on a part of the site that is a user's personal self-statement, and is a little off the beaten path. 

Since I think I count as the "powers-that-be": 

We comply with any legally enforceable requests for information from law enforcement agencies. 

This is but one example of how the pervasive nastiness here is detroying our repution, or 

I didn't commit, so if this is explained somewhere on the WebApps Meta, etc., be patient with me. 

Even in those fairly rare cases where you don't need additional details to implement, use, or understand the answer, the problem is still that you haven't been given enough information to believe it. 

Previously, getting the badge required you to fill in all the profile fields, some of which were public (website, location, etc.) and some of which were private (age, real name, etc.). 

Yes, we were explicitly celebrating an event that I think lets more people enjoy happy, fulfilled lives. 

Both of those are at least partially wrong. While we are attracting a bit of a reputation as being unwelcoming, it is getting better in a bunch of ways, and there's a major reporting bias: for every person who does have a bad, avoidable experience here, there are dozens who got helped by someone who worked hard to understand and solve their problem, but never feel the need to rant about how awesome that is. Loving the truth and believing our community gets a somewhat unfair rep doesn't require you to defend those few cases when we do respond badly. And it doesn't require us to argue that the blunt truth is better than rainbow-laden lies. Even if you think "go read a book" is the most honestly helpful advice, the way that (now-deleted) answer presented it was still unduly rude: I'm not trying to beat up DeadMG, who was open-minded enough to acknowledge that he came off harsher than intended. My point is that we should stop suggesting that all the responses were civil; they weren't. 

On the other hand, I'm also concerned that we may not want a site where clicking on a user to see their other posts would expose folks to racist or other bigoted terms that almost everyone would agree are inappropriate for civil discourse. 

As far as rights go, your deal is with us, and is subject to our terms of service, privacy policy, and cc-wiki content license. 

The ultimate goal of the podcast is to try to determine whether or not Adnan Syed killed Hae, or whether he was wrongfully convicted. And imma be honest, there's not as much closure there as any of us would like there to be. (I mean, it's like, really clear that Adnan's friend Jay is lying, right? But why?!?) 

I'm proud to work in a company where devout Christians, observant Jews, and gay, bi, and lesbian colleagues can ALL feel comfortable telling me (and each other) what's wrong with our respective product ideas, while still respecting each other as individuals. And where they sometimes all sing karaoke together. 

Note that I don't want a "flag user" rule, which I know has been beaten to death already, and further think that swears and semi-inflammatory opinions, etc. should generally just be ignored - I'm only asking about terms that provoke serious emotions around racial, religious, ethnic, or sexual orientation issues. 

And I'm a lot more proud of my country today than I was last week, because I think everyone should have the right to believe and do what they want to be happy and fulfilled, so long as it doesn't hurt others. You don't think some of those people should get married. But I assume that's because you actually care about them, and truly believe they'll be more happy someday if they don't. We disagree on that point. Which is okay. I think they should be able to do what they want, and that you should be able to not do that, AND be able keep your belief they shouldn't, share it, etc.