Over-coming this dichotomy has been a strong theme in early continental philosophy; it motivated the development of Phenomenology, by Husserl - whose slogan was: 

By chance, the animals form 'useful' ie fit, for a 'purpose', ie it's environment construed broadly; which they 'survived'. 

One might suppose that these laws are distorted in the hallucinations or dreams - but I suspect that these states of the mind is not what Kant was discussing; that is he took it as implicitly read he was talking about the human conscious when it is awake and functioning normally. 

and whereas classical non-determinism is explained stochastic ally - the random throw of a dice - here 

1) is reproduction neccessary for consciousness 

Freewill is voluntaristic and associated with intentionality; and presupposes a theory of sentience, or consciousness. 

Why does Epicrus not say, as would seem the simplest move, to say that Qualia is found in the mind? 

Of course, this is unimaginable. Or is it? 

Life in its first instance must be autonomous so that knocks out C) 

It's worth pointing out here, that Aristotle, though noting the very real successes of the atomic theory of Democritus & Leucippus in dismissing the paradoxes of both Parmenides and Zeno, had missed the full import of Zenos Paradoxes; the classical conception of motion in Antiquity - the notion on which our classical notion of physics is built - he notes, 'isn't adequate'. 

Consider the puzzle of the 'chicken and egg' - what came first, has a resolution given our knowledge of genetics. The chicken must develop true from the egg; thus it is in the egg or 'seed' that a 'defect' or error in the genetic code can occur; now consider that Aristotles says: 

Newton may, surprisingly enough, demur; in part Book 2 of his opticks, he wrote: 

In Epicurus's system all is atoms; and the soul is made of soul atoms; as such they can affect material atoms. 

I was contemplating Heideggers idea of Being whose Being is a problem. Self-consciousness to me, whilst directly speaks of consciousness that is aware of its own self as a consciousness, also carries an overtone of anxiety of that state of knowledge. Whereas consciousness seems to have only the connotation of being aware of qualia stimulated externally. 

I've made the same argument 'provocatively' (in order to point out the continuing relevance/interest of the philosophy of antiquity); but in actual fact, Lucretious endows his particles with the swerve so that they can interact ie collide - I'm not sure, that there is any argument for (or against) free will in de Rerum Natura - or at least, I can't recall one. 

I'm holding that for most people that both willed & unwilled philosophising weakens and dies, but in professional philosophers & students of philosophy the willed philosophising carries on for longer 

Finally after stating the evolutionary theory of Aristotle, he states: 

ie Liebniz, in at least this section, and contra Dennett cannot concieve perception mechanically. 

How far one takes that willed component distinguishes what we would then ordinarily call philosophers to those that aren't. The relationship I'm hinting at is that of the concious mind to that of the unconcious. But not the same. 

So Popper appears to agree with Kant here. 

They do not directly interact, but act through a harmony established by God. 

(Both readings, are on only the slightest of acquaintences with either philosophy). 

In which case I'd point to the principle of continuity; in that humans are alike, and thus their capacities are all alike; (I mean alike here, in the sense that all hands are alike - though of course there are differences; but no-one is born with say a mechanical claw, say); and thus the capacity of experiencing red are all alike - this of course barring exceptions and defects like synthesia, or blindness; and this also suggestively ties in with the comment by Swami Vishwananda on experimental verification. 

What connects it with Liebnizs notion of a monad is this notion of simplicity, and very little else - but this has a great deal to do with humans, the cosmos and God; his text - the monadology - is all about them. 

This was a considerable departure from the traditional term logic, in which every proposition (i.e. sentence) consisted of two general terms joined by the copula "is". 

Solving all problems of the world by a single principle, in Pascals framing is 'mathematical' where such usage is not correct, and is an abuse of this kind of thinking; the thinking that is appropriate to moral considerations is according to Pascal, the second kind - intuitive where it takes into accont principles 'numerous' and 'subtle'. 

This is an answer to question one: 

This is nowhere mentioned by Conway & Kochen; and they admit that their definition is 'provocative'. 

I don't have an answer for you, but some thoughts that might prompt a better answer.