However, there was the dog Sam, who was awarded the medal for taking down an armed gunman, and later for helping hold out against a riot. 

By 1100AD Leon had captured Toledo, and by the latter half of the 13th century, the Christians took Seville and Cordoba as well. This left Muslim Spain only the little Emirate of Granada on the southern Mediterranean coast. 

Another view (for as long as the link lasts) 

So let's go chronologically through the works of history we have: 

* - Hungarians are lingusticly and geneticly not at all Turkish, but oddly their culture at the time was otherwise almost entirely Turkish. 

So I wouldn't be so quick to use cold biographical facts to dismiss the leadership qualities of someone you've never met. In the right situation, some otherwise very flawed people are the perfect leader for the moment. In a big enough group, such people will naturally rise to the top. 

The English king depicted in the first season is supposedly Ælla of Northumbria, who appears in one of the aforementioned legendary sagas. While the timing isn't too far off, Alfred was king of Wessex, not Northumbria. 

Given that there was no mention of the guy until he'd been dead for 300 years, I'm going to apply Occam's Razor and side with the folks who say he never existed at all. 

There have been lots of claims of Khazar ancestry for various Jewish groups around the world. However, no real proof of ancestry exists, and genetic studies designed to show such proof have so far failed to do so. 

A lot of this is down to differences in how the various states were organized. Rome was a highly centralized imperial state, with its own currency and taxation. 

However, most of them seem to have been awarded to pigeons for delivering important messages, and most of the rest to dogs for helping with search and/or rescue operations. I didn't see any instance in there of a dog going Buck wild on the enemy. 

Your question mentions references in Shakespeare. The other work I know of from before 1800 that mentions it a fair bit is Voltaire's Candide. It is mostly a satirical send-up of the philosophy that this is "the best of all possible worlds". But in the process of burning that idea to cinders, war rape is invoked at least twice that I can remember. I believe the phrase that was used was "fulfilling the natural urges of soldiers", the implication being that this phrase was being used to justify it.