How do I submit my scripts to TV Shows? ETA References. The upshot is "it's extremely probable that you need an agent, but there's an outside chance you can get by without one." Beyond that, yes, it's possible that any given physical copy has been kicking around for two decades. It had a run of so many, some were sold, some were returned to the publisher, and the publisher warehoused them. Your ability to purchase it now is called "long tail retailing." (It describes a graph with a high peak at the beginning, tapering out to a long but low "tail" of small steady sales.) The FSC (the tree logo on the left) was established in 1993, and the Mix label was developed in 1994 2004, so that physical copy had to have been printed some time after that. What's the Process for Submitting a TV Script? About.com: "You must secure an agent to be considered a professional writer." While I don't work in the TV industry, as I understand it, most shows have their own stable of writers and generally don't accept unsolicited manuscripts. (Some of the Star Trek shows did, but I gathered that was unusual.) At the very least, if you do want to write for a show which does accept outside manuscripts (and I don't know of any), you would need to get an agent to submit it for you. Even a show which does take manuscripts from out-of-house writers is not going to take one without representation. Two references for companies which will apparently take unsolicited scripts without an agent, in the UK. Writer's Guild of America: Companies with episodic television shows and once-per-week serials must hire freelance writers each season for each series, depending on their network order, but it explicitly says you must have spec scripts for an agent to submit. A lot of good instruction at this link. You want to give the publisher enough information about you and your writing that he has something to work with. That's your synopses and sample pages, and it's also how you introduce yourself: "Hi, I'm ((name)), I mostly work in ((genre A)) and ((genre B)), I've written ((number of short stories, novels, and WIPs)), and the goal I'm working towards now is ((to get a big-publishing contract/to get a small-press contract/to self-publish/to find an agent/to make my English teacher proud/OTHER))." Explain exactly what you'd like to get out of the session. "I don't have a list of questions; I mostly want feedback on my pages, feedback on how effective my summary and my synopsis are, and maybe if you have some more general career advice or details about publishing you think it'd be good for me to know, that would be terrific too." Let the pro give you feedback. Listen well; don't argue with anything; take notes. (Don't argue -- not because the particular pro is necessarily right about everything; just because you're here to hear his reaction, not to start arguing.) If after a few minutes you feel like you're not getting much from the pro, take a moment to consider why that is, and then raise the point politely, and ask to switch focus to some other helpful thing. That's it! All you want to do is let the pro guide the conversation, and let him know that that's what you want. With any luck, everything should be smooth from there on.