From a biblical perspective, then, the taking of the life of an unborn child was considered murder and would receive capital punishment, accordingly. Genesis 5 does indicate that Adam and Eve had daughters as well (plural), though we are not told how many. The very minimum would be three sons and two daughters. The Bible is God's Word--and God's Word cannot be changed. Therefore, we must conclude that the Quran is not the Word of God, and that is why Christians do not accept it as such. Finding the Right Spouse Not Really Biblical A problem with the idea of "the one right person in the entire world" is that more often than we would like, tragedy strikes and a spouse dies. That leads to the surviving spouse finding another "one right person in the entire world," who presumably was not the "one right person in the entire world" while the other "one right person in the world" was living. In reality, Pilate had already had Jesus flogged at this point. He could very well have said that Jesus had already been punished and than they needed to shut up and go home. He was the ruler--they were his subjects. So, no, this is not a universal principle that no one should ever receive his living from those to whom he ministers. It merely records that a minister does not have to do this, and Paul, in particular, did not do this during one specific place in his ministry, though he did receive compensation elsewhere. Anyway, it seems that this question, which comes from a book written in 1897, recently became a fad, abbreviated in the initials of WWJD. Finally, all of this was in God's plan, so it is unbiblical, immoral, and ungodly to hold the Jews in any way responsible or guilty for the death of Christ. I'm the guilty one, and Christ died for my sin. I am the one to blame. One of the most important passages regarding this is found in the Mosaic Law which God gave to Israel to be used in governance: It is also possible that Jesus was writing other specific commandments (outside the ten commandments) of which each person was guilty of breaking. We also know that Seth was born after Cain had killed Abel: It is important to note that the only way anyone can hope to know what Jesus would do is to study what He did do. It seems that too often some have based their ideas about what Jesus would do on a concept of Jesus that has nothing to do with His actual life and teachings. Then We gave Moses the Book, complete for him who does good, and distinguishing every thing, and as a guidance and a mercy; haply they would believe in the encounter with their Lord. This is a Book We have sent down, blessed; so follow it, and be godfearing; haply so you will find mercy; lest you should say, 'The Book was sent down only upon two parties before us, and we have indeed been heedless of their study'; or lest you say, 'If the Book had been sent down upon us, we had surely been more rightly guided than they.' Yet indeed a clear sign has come to you from your Lord, and a guidance and a mercy; and who does greater evil than he who cries lies to God's signs, and turns away from them? We shall surely recompense those who turn away from Our signs with an evil chastisement for their turning away. S. 6:154-157 Arberry Finding the Right Kind of Person So, if the child (and this is what it is called) is born but is unharmed, then the man is guilty of assault, which did not carry the death penalty. However, if the child IS harmed, then the man's punishment should be the same as that which was suffered by the child while still in the womb. For many deceivers have gone out into the world, those who do not confess the coming of Jesus Christ in the flesh. Such a one is the deceiver and the antichrist. 2 John 1:7 ESV There is, however, good reason to seek "the right kind" of spouse. The passage about being "equally yoked" is often quoted to support the idea that believer should not marry unbelievers. It would seem, however, that the verse is broader than marriage and broader than just believer to unbeliever. A large discrepancy in the commitment level of two people to Christ could certainly be problematic. One person who is deeply committed to Christ could probably experience a lot of grief if the spouse prioritizes other things over church and such things as that. The history of marriage in the Bible seems to provide little basis for the idea that we must find "the one right person in the entire world." Abraham remarried after Sarah died and, as the saying goes, "had many sons". Abraham's servant chose a bride for Isaac, so Isaac certainly had no opportunity to find the right one for him. Jacob actually chose one and ended up getting the one he wanted and another one he didn't want (or expect). 20She opens her hand to the poor and reaches out her hands to the needy. 21She is not afraid of snow for her household, for all her household are clothed in scarlet. 22She makes bed coverings for herself; her clothing is fine linen and purple. 23Her husband is known in the gates when he sits among the elders of the land. 24She makes linen garments and sells them; she delivers sashes to the merchant. Finally, the figurative interpretation breaks down. If a days is a billion years, then how did flowers get pollinated when there were no bees in existence for another billion years? Also, if the sixth day is a billion years from Adam, then we have not yet reached the 7th day of God's rest, since we have a genealogy from Adam that is roughly 6,000 years. Fictitious characters do not have genealogies. No one can trace his lineage back to Elmer Fudd or Pecos Bill, yet the Bible details a genealogy from Adam to Jesus Himself.