There are a number of mods that claim to improve FPS in Minecraft. My experience is limited to OptiFine (an updated version of Optimine from around version 1.2) on 1.8.1, but I do see a very significant improvement in my FPS. Although it's a bit non-specific, I have seen my FPS on a Mac go from completely unplayable to very smooth. After you finish a section and place your new doors, removing the water blocks from this section with sand is easy as it's only 4x3x2 and you only have to place two sand blocks per column (n-1 of the walkway height) to clear out all the water. At this point, you can remove the old double doors (and glass padding on top) behind you and repeat from the set in front of you. OptiFine (Minecraft Forum Link) reworks a number of rendering details to improve Minecraft performance (+20fps). Many people go crazy about it on the forum, others say that it just doesn't work so YMMV. Last I heard, Notch was actually including some of these optimizations into Minecraft proper. The water won't flow through the doors, so you can peek out to the other side and place two ground blocks, then build around with glass and duck back into the doors for a breath. I generally do this for four blocks at a time before placing another set of doors. Here's an artificially brightened shot of a half-built section of tunnel. You can see the doors and the air behind them, and two slices of tunnel with floor and glass placed already. In pure survival, your team would need to capture these guardians manually, which involves raiding at least 20 ocean monuments. It is also possible to synchronize the curse timers, although the video doesn't go into details, mostly because ot would be utterly ridiculous to even attempt this method of base protection. PATH is a list of directories (or paths) in which your OS is supposed to look for executable files (like *.exe) when running things via the command line, if it is not in the current working directory. No. While the mechanics of enchanted armor are different in 1.8 and 1.9, the protection enchantments reduce damage equally, no matter on which armor piece they are placed. There is a formula on the wiki to calculate the extra protection from enchantments (in 1.9): Not in 1.8 While your command works in principle, as of 1.8.8 the game is unable to render many items in the head slot, including flower pots. Thus far I've been able to accomplish this with redstone and repeaters, but I've noticed that repeaters only work one-way; I've looked at some online documentation and have found a schematic for two-way repeaters, but it requires quite a bit of real estate and my railway is elevated high off the ground so I'd like to keep land (and resource) usage to a minimum. Is there something I'm missing about repeaters? Is there a small schematic for making them bidirectional? What would be the best floor plan for such a complex? I'd like to add an 'apartment complex' to a village to boost its population. I just found this video online; it dates back to version 1.5 (before pistons were officially introduced.) I'll see if I can't get something similar working with 1.8.1 unmodified. I have a long section of rail that I'd like to serve with a single minecart. If I left the minecart on the other end of the railway, I'd like to push a button to have it sent over to the station I am at.