Second, it does have big Atlantic coastal cities... by French standards. Her oceanic trading partners would be to the north (Britain, Norway, Germany, Baltic States, Russia) or to the south (Italy, North Africa, Balkans, Ottoman Empire). Being a continental nation inland trading along rivers was more important. Of the 10 most populous cities in France, 5 are on inland rivers (Lille, Paris, Lyon, Toulouse, and Strasbourg), 3 are on the south coast (Nice, Montpellier, Marseille), and 2 are on the Atlantic (Bordeaux, Nantes). Austro-Hungarian Ambassador László Szőgyény's report from Germany. Russia and France, not prepared for war, did not make a strong stand for Serbia. Their opportunity to prevent war with a firm stance was squandered. Serbia refused the deal anyway. Germany, sensing weakness in Serbia's protectors, urged Austria-Hungary to attack immediately and swiftly. Invade and crush Serbia before Russia can mobilize, deliver them a fait accompli. So on July 28th, 1914 Austria-Hungary declared war on Serbia, bombarded Belgrade from the sea, and then informed the aghast Germans they would not be ready to invade for two more weeks. And Russia was already mobilizing. Occupation of western Europe was highly profitable for Germany. Indeed, one reasons she became so threatening was that she had gained so much at so little cost. As a GDP table shows, up to 1939, Germany's GDP was 4/9 that of the United States; by 1941, Germany had completely closed this gap and was a parity with the U.S. That's called "doubling up" (actually a bit more). There may be a reason why your grandmother made the trip in 1917, and not some other year. That was when Germany had conquered not only Poland, but the western Ukraine from Russia, meaning that one country controlled the whole route your grandmother traveled (Ukraine, Warsaw, Gdansk). I can't imagine her making a trip across the (Russo-German) border earlier in the war. Such a trip would have been possible, but difficult, before the war. I would say that the fundamental cause of World War I was the "Serbian" crisis, of which the Bosnian crisis and the assassination of the Archduke were merely "manifestations." Hence, they showed a greater desire to learn (and imitate) than their European peers. It appears to have been part of the restless "personality" that caused them to leave Scandinavia in search of more hospitable climates. Once they found them, they became "more royalist than the king," that is more "European" than the other western Europeans. At its height, the Roman Empire consisted of the modern Italy, Spain, France, Britain, the Benelux countries, the Balkans, and parts of the Middle East and North Africa, and other areas. Moors occupied and made their mark particularly in Spain. Their knowledge (including navigation) seeped out into that country (and Portugal) giving those countries a lead in the race to the New World. Until the Spanish persecution, Moors also handled much of the trade of Spain, which is why that country prospered in the 15th century (relative to the rest of Europe), but lagged behind in the 16th century (after the Moors were driven out). One reason was that a number of these Catholic "secular" kingdoms actually derived a lot of their power from the Church. Two of these were Spain and the Holy Roman Empire. In 1580, Portugal had become subject to the Spanish king in a so-called "personal union." (That is, Portugal and Spain were rule separately by the same ruler.) What had been a rivalry in modern Indonesia between Portuguese and Dutch became part of the war of Independence. In 1602, after one successful Dutch expedition under the nose of the Portuguese, the rebel Dutch government chartered the Dutch East India Company and sent a small flotilla to modern Indonesia to support it. There, the Dutch navy made alliances with the inhabitants of some "outlying" islands, from which they could harass the Portuguese on Java, the most populated one. In 1619, an enlarged Dutch fleet defeated the Portuguese near modern Jakarta and captured Java for the Netherlands. He was a "warlord" who conquered England for himself, and crowned himself king. With the benefit of hindsight, one could see that Prussia would have made a more reliable ally in 1866. But Prussia and Austria were allies as late as 1864, in a war against Denmark. And in fact, the fear in 1858-9 was that Prussia would interfere on the side of Austria.