[1] That Christians will not "continue to sin" does not mean that they will never sin. If this were John's meaning, he'd be contradicting himself from just a couple chapters earlier (1 John 1:8). What it means is not necessarily agreed upon by all Christians, but one thing is certain - it does not mean that Christians will never sin, as 1 John 1:8 makes quite clear. I would say that it means Christians will not continue living in unrepentant sin. As Christians, we will still sin (as Paul describes it in himself in Romans 7:14-25), but we will wrestle with it, and the Spirit will compel us to hate it where we recognize it in our lives. 

I think a Calvinist's answer to this problem would be that it is God who initiates the salvation process in the elect, and saving faith is the result. Non-Calvinists would hold that God initiates the salvation process for everyone and draws all men to him, but we must choose Him. So it is in the non-Calvinist viewpoint that the question arises: If there is such thing as a non-saving faith, or non-genuine "choosing", what characterizes saving faith? 

James 2:17-19 (NIV) 17 In the same way, faith by itself, if it is not accompanied by action, is dead. 18 But someone will say, “You have faith; I have deeds.”    Show me your faith without deeds, and I will show you my faith by my deeds. 19 You believe that there is one God. Good! Even the demons believe that—and shudder. 

While that's true, it's a little misleading. We should think about it like 

James 2:24 (NIV) 24 You see that a person is considered righteous by what they do and not by faith alone. 

However, other natural interpretations for Hebrews 6:4-6 exist that do not lead to this. For example, none of the terms used to describe those who fall away are used anywhere else in scripture to refer to the saved. So a possible interpretation is that the people described may not have been saved to begin with. Furthermore, the rest of Hebrews 6 goes on to seemingly make a strong case that the saved cannot lose their salvation. Much could be said about this passage, but that's probably better for a separate question.