Critical race theory has two primary objectives. First is a critical genealogy of the way in which power struggles across racial boundaries have been borne out over time, and more specifically, the role that the law and legal system have played in that process. Second is a sustained effort to transform the current system (both legally and socially) into one that is capable of true racial emancipation and a sustainable ability to resist entrenched oppressive hierarchies. The Wikipedia article is a fine introduction to the other themes at work in CRT (see the section entitled "Key theoretical elements), but the real landmark of CRT, the pivotal point of disagreement between it and traditional liberalism as discussed above, is the rejection of color-blindness. In summary, CRT is a race-conscious theory that looks specifically at the dynamics of racial power and their effects on the law, rather than pretending that law is racially-neutral as liberalism has done for years. CRT theorists have argued that abstract, rights-based remedies don't work, as they fail to change the oppressive hierarchies of subordination and dominance that have been for so long entrenched into the legal system. As hard as we pretend that the system is color-blind, the results indicate clearly that it is not. (There's a lot of other critical theory hoopla mixed in, of course, like intersectionality, strategic essentialism, and a strong emphasis on personal narratives, but none of this is particularly germane to the issue that is addressed in the question.) 

(Note: I am not an expert on Aristotle.) 

In a tit-for-tat cold war of attrition and subversion between global powers (and geo-political adversaries) I'm not sure "morality" is the best criterion here in general to evaluate the situation before us. 

So, there are a number of things I am actually after with this, but to try to encapsulate the concern briefly: which thinkers or writers might comment on the relationship between animals and human beings? 

At any rate this seems to me resonant with the sentiment I feel like Nietzsche might be articulating here. In terms of places to explore further I might suggest referring to Derrida's Spurs; Deleuze's Nietzsche and Philosophy also might be particularly useful here. 

Here's a few papers on the subject of Kant and lying that might be helpful to start getting our arms around this question: 

This seems to fit in with what would be my "instinctual" reading of the maxim, which I was tempted to expand upon in the comments -- that women are the uncomplaining victims of a kind of astonishing biological-cosmic-social conspiracy. The remark, strange as it sounds, is "pro-feminist" in the sense that, as D+G might put it, feminists can never take their "becoming-woman" far enough. I think we definitely miss the point if we reduce the insight here to the level of procreation-filiation, even at the asymptotic limit of giving birth to the "overman" -- here I am tempted to remind us of Derrida's remarks about mothers, especially about "thinking" mothers; he says they are something like the most important thing, the point of his work...