Quran 23:5-7 And they who guard their private parts. Except from their wives or those their right hands possess, for indeed, they will not be blamed. But whoever seeks beyond that, then those are the transgressors. An example of this is the following: Or the prohibition wasn't in the Torah originally but was derived or adopted by their Prophets and Rabbis as caution i.e Rabbinic laws. 

--- The Quranic verse that is relevant here is: 

Another interpretation is that this isn't about the prohibitions of the Torah but about other prohibitions: And if it is not of the blood vessels, and has solidified on the meat, then there are two opinions about it: Meat is halal when it is of a permitted animal and is killed by Dhabiha, which is the Islamic ritual slaughter. The (brief) essential conditions of Dhabiha are: Our view, as I understand it, is that the food forbidden in the shariah of Bani Israel were of two categories: Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) prohibited the eating of all fanged beasts of prey The prohibition is specifically linked to blood that flows out when the animal has been Islamically slaughtered, i.e. by cutting the juglar veins and carotid arteries, and does not extend to trace amounts that remain in the flesh after being drained and washed etc. 

Locusts are halal, when they feed on grain. The argument of this opinion against the previous one (unconditional prohibition) is that the above verses of the Quran are only regarding guarding one's parts from other people and a person can not guard their private parts from themselves since they are a part of them and they are allowed to for example look at their private parts and to touch and stroke them when cleaning the part after urination and in Ghusl (bath) and when scratching because of an itch etc. Some also argue that the desire is discharged in wet-dreams by themselves and they are accepted in Hadith as natural and not sinful. 

The consensus of the Shafi and Maliki schools of thought is that masturbation is unconditionally forbidden no matter what the circumstances: 

Narrated Abu Musa Al-Ash`ari: I saw the Prophet (ﷺ) eating chicken. 

Abu Jafar Nihas said: This is the saying of the majority of the Ulema. They say: One who has commited Zina with a woman, it is permitted for him to marry her, and it is permitted for any other man to marry her. This is the saying of Ibn Umar, Salim, Jabir bin Zayed, Ata, Tawus and Imam Malik bin Anas and the same is the saying of Abu Hanifa and his companions. Imam Shafi said: This is as Saeed Bin Musaib said, By God's will it is abrogated.