That Easter, auricular cofession to a priest, was no longer required as it had been in previous years, but it remained an option and people were urged to respect both those who did and did not use it 

The Eighth Declaration in 1995 in paragraphs 5a and 5b, is perhaps clearer. So there waas a form of confession used in Latin mass long before the Reformation, said by the assistant ministers. On Easter Day 1548 a general confession said in English by one on behalf of all was introduced. On 1st November 1552 the first general confession said by everybody was introduced. 

Endorsing only the first four seems to imply there must have been some objection to the fifth. We may imagine Luther, in his Wittenberg study, going through the Councils in order and saying: Nicea, ok; First Constantinople , ok; Ephesus, ok, Chalcedon, ok; Second Constantinople, uh-oh, don't like this one. This was to be said by the entire congregation. The main, but only the main, conclusions of each of the first four Ecumenical Councils were specifically endorsed by both Calvin and Luther personally. These 4 councils are also mentioned by name in the (Calvinist) Second Helvetican Confession, Chapter 11 . The doctrines themselves are also in the Westminster Confession chapters 2 and 8, and the (Lutheran) AugsburgConfession Articles 1 and 3, amongst others. The fifth and sixth, dealing with obscure and long-forgotten controversies of no particular interest, were simply not mentioned. 

The Act of Supremacy made no alterations to the services, worship or doctrine of the Church of England apart from rejecting Papal authority. It was initially what today we might call a very soft brexit. 

During the conclave of 1549 to 1550, restrictions were imposed allowing only one course meals, but nothing was specified as to how much each course might consist of. An agent wrote: The Latin mass, used for centuries before the Reformation and throughout Henry VIII's reign, contained a form of confession, said first by the priest, and then by the assistant ministers. This is an English translation of the Sarum missal, most commonly used in the British Isles : Even if Rorer's note was genuine he may simply have assumed that is what happened, since the Statutes of the University (1508) required that notice of academic disputations be given by fixing notices to the doors of all the churches in Wittenberg (although he could have asked Luther). Academic disputations, on a variety of subjects, were very much a part of university life, and proposing controversies for debate was not so much a privilege of a professor, as a duty. Whether he would personally attach them to doors or ask a university servant to do it is another matter. 

Henry VIII died in 1547 and was succeeded by his young son, the boy King Edward VI.The first Boo Of Common Prayer in English was introduced in 1549, but an interim measure was brought in in 1548. On Easter Day, April 1st, 1548, throughout England and Wales, an addition to the Latin mass was inserted in English, although the Latin mass was still said in full with the English insert. This insertion in English included a General Confession to be said by one intending communicant on behalf of them all. 

Paragraph 5 includes the recognition that not all decisions on canonical matters have the same authority as the doctrinal decisions, and their reception and use in the Orthodox and Lutheran Churches differs. 

Luther also ridiculed the Nicean canons on military service (12) and priestly castration (1). So it is clear that Luther did not regard any of the Ecumenical Councils as binding or even correct except as regards specific points which were, anyway, in the Bible, and accepted on that account alone. Footnote 254 on chapter 8, verse 15, says Wolfius quotes from the Talmud, and this is indeed to be found in JCW's Curae, on the verse in question. Calixtus was unfortunate in that his principal biographer was his worst enemy, and rival, the antipope Hippolytus. In Book IX, chapter VII of his Refutation of All Heresies he wrote Calvin, in his Institutes of the Christian Religion, Book 4, Chapter 9, addresses "Councils and their Authority". In section 8 of this chapter he said of the four councils, and later ones: