There is no real secret formula for when to push a lane or when to harras an opponent. You have to apply an own strategy for every matchup in the game. So I won't list every single possible matchup but I will give some examples. Now this is also veeeery dependent on the matchup. In some cases it's easy: Whenever you can (Kayle VS. KhaZix for example). But most of the time it's a bit more complicated. 

As most people know there is a tier list for solo queue. But since you're asking about the OGN/LCS games I will take a bigger look into the 5v5 Tier list. There are no real reasons to push top except for the ones that count for every lane. 

Pick what I can play best > Pick what matches the team = Pick what counters the enemy 

Example You are playing Varus, Leona VS. Caitlyn, Janna. Most of the time when playing midlane you should focus on taking down the turret early since it oppens a better gank opportunity through the jungle for your teammates and it also allows you to roam a lot more. Also Most midlaners aren't too good at pushing turrets so it will take you a while to take one down and it can't hurt to just hit it whenever it's safe to do (most midlaners are either AP -> No AA damage or meele AD -> Risk of getting ganked). So basically you should rush turrets when playing midlane. There are some exceptions of course but around 80% of the time you can go for it. Toplane is a bit tricky. There's no situation on where you could say "Hey kill the tower!" Or "Let it survive!". Another big problem is the fact that most toplaners run teleport nowadays. This makes taking down a turret harder especially early and If you are a meele champion (like most toplaners) you also become vulnerable to a jungler/midlane gank when pushing a turret. For soloqueue (especially low elo) it's often a good tactic to just stay top and push all day. Low elo players tend to ignore the fact that there is a Darius at their inner turret and they focus solely on teamfights. You can see this mistake even up to lower diamond (IV-III) but of course not that often. Also If you realize that the enemy doesn't ignore the splitpushing, you're better off helping your teammates instead of dying 2v1 all the time.