As covered in your post, according to all the typical measures by which we --as lay people --judge science, there appears to be a solid scientific consensus that global warming exists. 

It would be possible to argue, on the one hand that the subject of immortality is properly a matter of religious faith, and therefore that philosophy should stay out of it, or on the other, that it is scientifically unverifiable, and thus no proper subject for philosophy, but either claim is best classified as a disputed minority viewpoint within the wider scope of the field over the course of time. 

There are two claims here: 1 - Intelligence is what makes human life valuable. 2 - The potential for intelligence is as decisive as the actuality of intelligence. 

As a side note, if you want to give them a non-scientific, intuitive argument, try this one. There's an every increasing number of people in the world, using up an increasing amount of resources and energy. It's irrational to think that can continue indefinitely without creating some kind of environmental disaster of some kind --not necessarily climate change, but something. 

Historically, immortality has been a major topic of interest for philosophers such as Plato, the Buddha and Bishop Berkeley. As a topic, it would be strongly associated with idealism. The exclusion of topics such as this is the defining characteristic of what are known as verificationist philosophies, of which logical positivism is the best known. 

Some philosophers are very fond of this argument. Gendler uses it as a prototypical example of how "reasoning about particular entities within the context of an imaginary scenario can lead to rationally justified conclusions". Snooks goes further saying "it is striking that one leaves the falling balls example with something approaching certainty for its outcome". And Brown goes all the way and claims that Aristotle's theory is "self-contradictory", and we gain a priori knowledge here. The argument does give off that flavor of "synthetic a priori" reasoning, as in geometry but without images. But is it a proof or a fallacy? Even Gendler admits that some "obvious" premises are missing, and Atkinson even calls it a "non-sequitur" for similar reasons. But Galileo's logic is not questioned it seems. Shouldn't it be? 

"Hesperus (the evening star) is Phosphorus (the morning star)" is one of Kripke's examples of necessary aposteriori, statements that are true necessarily if true at all, even if their truth can only be established empirically. Since this is a path from is to ought there is a catch. According to Kripke (in Soames's phrasing), "being non-identical is a relation that holds essentially of any pair it relates. So, we know apriori that if any objects... stand in this relation, then they have, or stand in, them in any genuinely possible circumstance in which they exist". "Water is H20" necessarily for the same reason, although here identity is applied not to singular objects but to "natural kind" of objects. 

Quine explains it nicely in On What There Is:"Here we have two competing conceptual schemes, a phenomenalistic one and a physicalistic one... The physical conceptual scheme simplifies our account of experience because of the way myriad scattered sense events come to be associated with single so-called objects; still there is no likelihood that each sentence about physical objects can actually be translated, however deviously and complexly, into the phenomenalistic language... Viewed from within the phenomenalistic conceptual scheme, the ontologies of physical objects and mathematical objects are myths. The quality of myth, however, is relative; relative, in this case, to the epistemological point of view." The word "myth" here does not carry a negative connotation, work on mythology shows that since the dawn of civilization myths were instrumental in rationalizing and managing the world by human societies. 

This might seem like a stretch in biology, but it happens regularly in high energy physics (and probably other places in science that have a similar degree of mathematical formalization). For a simple case, if you take conservation of energy, momentum and angular momentum as axioms, and observe neutron decay (and a bunch of axioms that allow for the interpretation of these observations), then the neutrino must exist. 

One can also put this into a more Popperian (sic?) framework, e.g. setup a scientific hypothesis like "Homeopathic treatment X is statistically more effective at treating condition Y than conventional treatment Z", and then go forth and do the clinical trials to falsify this hypothesis. If the trial comes back with a result that there is no statistically significant improvement from using X, then that hypothesis is false. If there were a statistically significant positive effect, then this hypothesis would not have been falsified. The key thing is in constructing the hypothesis to be specific enough to be falsifiable. 

TENS, when looked at in detail, is not "one theory" it is a class of ideas. E.g. I'm under the impression that it is an open question whether group selection is a real (in some sense) phenomenon (people in the field could probably pick out other open questions); which ever way this question, or the other open questions, pan out, you're still dealing with TENS. 

Sometimes you might hear "the law of gravitation" or "theory of gravity" or similar to refer to the scientific ideas and mathematical description of the phenomenon. 

I'd be remiss if I didn't include the standard, uncontroversial, observation that one person's death can be bad for his/her survivors, through their grief at the loss. For me, this would include even the very earliest stages of the development process: the anguish felt by some people who wish to bear children but cannot, is clearly a bad outcome, even though barely any steps have been made in the progression.