So Jesus is the Eternal Word, of the Father and is God of very God. Now the eternal word of God is the express image ‘coming out’ of the Father which is his One and only Eternal Son. Now the only-begotten Son is not a fictitious rapture of his human nature in the incarnation, or resurrection but from eternity. Jesus said: Calvin’s original premise seems to be maintained by two possible versions. So what are the Biblical concepts of ‘prophet’? God is love always and is an attribute. Love, loves was is good and beautiful and hates what is evil, by the very nature of the concept. Anger, as desiring the harm of another being is evil and the opposite of love. Therefore God's anger can't be ill-will in contradiction to his goodness. If someone thought his anger implied ill-will then they would be in distress to somehow reconcile 'anger' and possibly attempt to reconcile the contradiction through an assignment of an 'accommodation'. Well, in some sense that would be within reason based on the original confusion. However, there is no need to grasp at weak methods to resolve the supposed contradiction. The fact remains that God's anger is made plain to all humanity and so is his love in the gospel, love gets angry at injustice and hates evil. There is no contradiction to resolve. The saying is good, love the sinner and hate the sin. Ross is an Old Earth Creationist; that is, he believes in an old earth (billions of years), but that humanity was a "special creation", not evolved from lower life forms. This history of playing cards makes references to several places where card games were prohibited in or near churches--I see no reference to church members being prohibited from playing in other locations. And to scope the question away from "My uncle is a TE, and believes this", please focus on Theistic Evolutionists which have published their views in a book, magazine, or journal (peer review not required; self-published blogs and the like discouraged). When you think about it, this question is based on circular reasoning. So even believing the Bible is inherently basing our beliefs on those who came before. Hell is a state of mind, and exists all around us wherever anyone suffers, and in the after life, it may be the same "physical" place as Heaven. Thus each suit of 13 cards represents the 13 lunar months of the Earth year. Since the sidereal lunar month may be approximated to 28 days, each deck is equal to 364 days of the year. The Bible authors "came before." So lets imagine that there's an imaginary Bible verse that says: Apparently official Mormon doctrine does (or did?) prohibit playing card games with a standard 52-card deck (Rook is permitted): Catholics hold Tradition in high esteem, but (to my understanding), they believe that Tradition never conflicts with the Bible. Similarly, the whole deck of 52 cards represents the 52 weeks of the year. Therefore, the whole deck is also equal to 364 days of the year (the positivist calendar) with the four suits corresponding to the four seasons. There is a lot of speculation, however, about "where" Hell is, and I suspect the most common beliefs are that: The answer is quite simple: Scripture does not specify where Hell is. And in my examples, the Bible doesn't say anything about the square of 2 not being 4, nor that Neil Armstrong did not walk on the moon. Clearly not all Christian views need to have a Biblical basis. I'm a Christian, and I have the view that the square of 2 is 4, and that Neil Armstrong walked on the moon, however these view are not explained in the Bible. This is discussed, from a Catholic perspective, at the Catholic Encyclopedia. Although it doesn't make any dogmatic assertions as to where Catholics believe hell is, it does reference a few scripture verses, and other opinions, which, if taken literally, may indicate a location for hell, but suggests the verses are likely only metaphore. One example: