So simply saying, "Yes, X (economy, jobs, taxes, etc) is bad, but it's not my fault because I voted for the other guy" isn't a very compelling argument, because if the official was bad enough, that person should have done something about it. 

Unless you are a moral absolutist, you can justify any action if you really wanted to, simply by changing what you hold to be a moral good. The relevant question is whether a particular group of individuals within an existing moral framework would ever come to accept it, and that's where this whole endeavor becomes very speculative. Personally, I don't think there would be anything intrinsically wrong with eating in vitro human flesh, and it may very well be that many years down the road from now it becomes a "fad", but I think you will find it very difficult to convert most people of the developed world today, especially given some of the issues Neil raised (how would you know it's actually from in vitro growth and not from a real person that was murdered?). 

The former reason hasn't entirely disappeared. Take religion for example; in many communities across the US, if you secretly write about atheism that's fine, but if you publicly proclaim it you will be ostracized. 

- reality - phenomenology - perception (see also Quale) - substance theory (see also materialism/physicalism, dualism) - consciousness (see also mind-body problem) - object/properties (see also bundle theory, universals, noumena) Note, I linked only Wikipedia articles above. Do also check out the equivalent articles at the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy. 

The problem however is that even what we might call as objective facts we arrived at only through the processing of our own minds, which are inherently subjective. This is the problem with the apples example, as well as for mine. Objectivity for us on a human-level, it seems, is not actually intrinsic objectivity (which we can't seem to know) but rather a form of collective subjectivity. Just because everyone agrees on the "truthness" of a fact doesn't mean that it's automatically an objective fact. 

- the term "objective" refers to things which we deem as true/existing independent of our observations of them, and - "subjective" refers to a things which we deem as true/existing contingent on our observation of them. The cake and apples example in the other user's answer below is an example of this, although it fails to take into account the fact that our count of the apples is itself subjective (maybe there's 100's of apples in a big bowl and we miss counting one). True, the actual amount of apples on the plate is an objective fact (by 'fact' here I simply mean a 'piece of knowledge that I hold as true'), and if we were able to calculate this without error then sure, the example works. But I think a better example is the idea that my mind (myself) exists — this is more readily and more universally agreed to be an objective fact. Under no circumstances can we conceive of a situation where the thinking self ("I") does not exist, for if we are thinking we must necessarily exist. Whether this thinking self is "smart", however, is subjective — to an ant I may be considered smart but to a super-intelligent alien species I may be considered as unintelligent as the ant is to me. My smartness thus is a subjective fact. 

Further Supporting arguments for this idea: Stone, Jim: "Why Potentiality Matters." Canadian Journal of Philosophy, vol. 17, December 1987, pp. 815-830. Famous Rebuttals: "A Defense of Abortion" by Judth Jarvis Thomson (Philosophy and Public Affairs, vol. 1, no. 1 (1971), pp. 47-50, 54-66.) Additional Good reads: - Majority Opinion in Roe v. Wade by Justice Harry A. Blackmum - On the Moral and Legal Status of Abortion by Mary Anne Warren 

I think one could argue that tradition may have been valued more back then and important to retain respect in society; also because we are more aware of these kinds of ironies today and so they are not as easy to get away with. 

So where then does morality come from? Although Jean Piaget was one of the earliest recognized to have developed a set of stages for moral development in children, it was Lawrence Kohlberg who would later develop the famous 6 stages of moral development still used today in psychological instruments and research. Although they have undergone some revision since they were first published over fifty years ago, they have been heavily verified by research over the years and remain the dominant theory today regarding moral development from childhood through adulthood.