In my experience, this is not a logical error, so much as an unarticulated moral premise. 

Both symbols are replaced by the 'greater than (or equal to)' symbol '>=' in broader (or more typographically constrained) contexts. (Before the 40's, the undecorated containment symbol more often meant simply containment and not proper containment.) 

In the end, just as we may avoid accidents by trusting our fear, other successful use of logic rests upon developing a trustworthy relationship with other emotions, often this emotional sensation of harmony. In more modern terms, rationality depends upon finding ways to resolve "cognitive dissonance". 

This captures the natural set vs state lattice duality of properties. 

The logic isolates and clarifies some aspect of thought or language. That part of thought would still be there without being formalized, and would pretty much act the same way, perhaps less efficiently, except to the extent that the formalism feeds back into the content that the reasoning has at its disposal. People like Hawking are still trying really hard to remove the apparent discontinuity in the math of the Big Bang -- going to such extremes as making time itself two-dimensional. 

From my own pet 'neo-Intuitionist' position on mathematics, it confirms that the meaning behind mathematics or logic is not in the formal results but in the intuitions that are already accessible to us, which are used and strengthened by going through the process. Anything you can accomplish by knowing mathematical or logical results is merely a shortcut or an increase in leverage, and is something completely different from what you accomplish by doing mathematics or logic. 

You only imagine that a thought is tied to language, and therefore time, because it is our habit to present our thoughts to consciousness in our inner monologue. But the articulation of the thought to consciousness in this manner is not the thought. 

This is an issue that arises often when discussing formal fallacies: Observations are often rational, but not logical. An argument may well be trustworthy but not valid: It may be true, and proven well enough for all practical purposes without being completely well-founded. The sum of zero things is already more obviously zero. 

If math is really psychology, the scientific study of human abstraction, and not just advanced accounting, or some blessedly pure domain whose subject matter lies beyond the stars, then we need to pay more attention to your feeling of 'weirdness'. This approach revives the notion of doubting the meaningfulness of "A implies B" when A is unknown or false. But no one wants to lose the 'slickness' of modern logic that would result if we changed back the meaning of 'if' and accepting the extra complexities of Aristotelian quantification. 

This is a pile of category errors in search of some sense. We are biological entities, and we refer almost every aspect of our state of mind through our senses and emotions. Even when you are acting logically, that logic is mediated through an emotion. We have a feeling of 'rightness' or 'clarity' when we accept our own deductions, which is, in itself, a physiological sensation that accompanies or predicts the mind's ease with the decision. If we cannot reach that point in some way, we do not find the action reasonable, whatever its source. 

From the point of view of Nonstandard Analysis, this works because a continuous range involves infinitely many points, and a zero times an infinity can be finite. If it is to some degree arbitrary, why should any particular part of its structure be less so? For instance, the length of a diagonal in flat space is just as irrational and no more regular than pi. 

We feel as though logic and formal mathematics really produce or contain meaning, but in fact they just rearrange the meaning we put into them. They are nothing but extremely sophisticated tautologies, and once we have seen the path through them, and gotten the clarity they can help us achieve, we are left with no more meaning than we brought to the table to begin with. 

So skipping the history, these two signs are related because they define related lattices. 

Aristotle, the first person to write inclusively about logic, had a definite opinion on the subject. In the original system of syllogisms, these two 'weird' statements are not true, the first one is false and the second is undetermined. Later in the history of logic, mathematicians simplified deduction by injecting our new 'iffier' version of 'if', and scientists and some of the general public just came along, because it greatly improves the efficiency of the system.