Source for the above text is here 

Some technical details: The can contains water (~80%), butane gas (~17%), surfactant (~1%), and other ingredients including vegetable oil (~2%). 

Regarding the player's salaries and contracts: It's better if there is a separate question regarding this. But i do believe the salaries and contracts would change when champions league is involved with respect to their salaries and bonuses. 

Champions league matches are generally played on Tuesdays/Wednesdays and the league matches are played over the weekend. So mostly they don't clash. But there have been instances of the league's governing body(FA, LFP), rescheduling their league matches if their league's team has an important champions league match. The Champions league is a football tournament organised by Union of European Football Associations(UEFA). 

The season starts around July with the qualifying matches being played. Once the qualifying rounds are over, we have 8 groups having 4 teams each giving a total of 32 teams. 

But if 2 or more players score a hat-trick in a single game, then who gets to take the match ball with him? 

world-cup-2014-what-is-that-foaming-spray-used-by-referees 

I was reading an interview of Luis Suarez and it made me think... Won't the club manager be concerned about this? Also, when a game is being decided by penalties, then all players must have taken one penalty each, before a player can take a second penalty. So, a goal keeper would have to take a penalty, before any other player gets a second chance. 

Jelavić did not obstruct anyone’s line of vision or movements, and he definitely did not deceive/distract the opponent, since the Irish defense probably did not see him at all. 

After the question was amended: Note there is no such thing as “active” and “passive [offside] position” in the Laws of the Game, those are just jargon terms. For an offside to be called, the player must be “involved in active play” by one of the three exactly defined activities listed above. 

And, there is an additional interesting rule 8.08 (which is a recent addition): 

Which leaves us with the last option debated above. None of the three points was fulfilled, therefore, no offside. 

The referees obviously decided the Irish player has played the ball, therefore, this was not an offside. And I would say this was a correct decision, given the time it took the ball to pass through the defense line – it was not a quick rebound, the ball stopped there for a second. (But I could not find a close-up video of what exactly the Irish player did with the ball.) The second one is slightly closer, but still, no go: 

The first one was definitely not the case here: 

As you say “a tournament”, be aware that different competitions use different rules for tie breaking. When you mention FIFA, the tournaments organized directly by FIFA use the rules described by Dor Cohen; e.g. the official FIFA World Cup 2014 Regulations state in rule 49, paragraph 5: Because the Laws of the Game define offside as (Law 11, p. 33): 

The crucial question here is whether Jelavić received the ball after it rebounded to him off an opponent, or if the opponent played the ball. 

If two or more teams are equal on the basis of the above three criteria, their rankings shall be determined as follows: 

However, UEFA (the European football association) uses a different system in its competitions, where results from the matches between the teams concerned are given more importance than the results from the rest of the group matches (plus, there are more auxiliary criteria when everything else fails). See e.g. the official Regulations of the UEFA European Football Championship 2012 which state in the rule 8.07: Why? Because the offside-line in the picture you use is not quite parallel to the goal line, but look at another picture from goal.com, Ronaldo's head was closer to the goal line than the ball: 82th minute. Player #7 Cristiano Ronaldo has been sent off for the following reason: second yellow card. 

This TheGuardian post also mentions Chapman being the one who practiced counterattacking style of play in the clubs he managed: 

*Note that only the games starting from the group stages were taken into account. It's worth to mention that Real Madrid's 2013/14 CL campaign delivered an outstanding result with a whooping average goal difference of 2,38 per game, as compared to average 1,21. Moreover, with this run Real Madrid is the only CL-winner side that achieved an average goal difference greater than 2 per game. Average attendance is higher (stats as of 2015/16 season): Higher salaries: (as of 2014) And finally, probably because France is a bigger player in European and World football as a winner of World Cup and two-time champion of European Championship whereas the others in question winning only European Championship once. (Although, national team strength does not necessarily imply the strength of its league, at some degree it can be the judging factor why French Ligue 1 is in the top Eureopean Five). Besides that, the only practical scenario when being in top 5 actually matters is when deciding the winner of prestigious Golden Shoe award: Details Defining the assistant of the goal is up to specific tournament and organisation that holds this tournament. Mostly, only if number of assists matters, the assist stats are kept officially by the organisers. (e.g FIFA World Cup Golden Boot award is awarded to the top goalscorer, and assists play a role when two or more players are equal on goals scored). 

Which implies that if someone got direct red card, he or she could've also been cautioned with a yellow card before.