Either way, we will have to wait until full publication before we can draw any firm conclusions. 

It looks like you have part of the bowl of a clay pipe. Probably nineteenth century if I had to guess (based on what I can see of the size and shape of the bowl): 

An annulment does not "break" a marriage, as does a divorce. It declares that the marriage never happened in the first place. 

However, any children from an annulled marriage would still be considered legitimate in every sense, unless this had been declared otherwise in law. As Harold J. Berman observed: 

Back in the UK, the newspapers, had followed the progress of the Siege of Mafeking. When the siege was broken, Baden-Powell became a national hero. On the back of this, people bought the small manual, Aids to Scouting, he had written some years earlier about military scouting and wilderness survival. This fuelled public interest in the subject of scouting. 

It is not hard to see that many girls, having read Scouting for Boys, would prefer to follow their brothers into scouting, and this is exactly what happened at the first Scout Rally in 1909. 

Before I attempt to explain further I'd like to add an important caveat in regard to terminology: 

This was not because Roger Bacon's work had been lost. It simply reflected the increased range that could be achieved in the years after the development of the printing press. Although this was after the medieval period, it was still before the days of learned societies and scholarly journals. His works were published privately. However, in some ways, it can be argued that it was the work of Francis Bacon that led to the publication of those journals. 

So what is the reality. Was swastika ever a Slavic symbol before WWII? 

In Kabardino-Balkaria 3% belong to Adygh folk religion 

As to the ghettos, they were not implemented in 1938 yet, but when they were they were seen as a means of national self-determination for the Jews. Initially the ghettos were just Jewish districts where Jews enjoyed a high level of autonomy and self-government, up to law enforcement. This level of Jewish autonomy was not seen in Europe ever. This was quite in line with various projects for national self-determination in the USSR, say the recently-created Jewish Autonomous Oblast in the Far East in the USSR. 

It should be noted however that it is quite uncertain to which extent the Chechen population supported separatism. On all elections they voted for a candidate that was supported by the Kremlin. The originator of the secession of Chechnya, president Dudayev was initially supported by anti-Communists who seized power in Moscow in the early 1990s. He was a honored Soviet pilot who participated in the Afghan war and was the only Chechen to become a Soviet general. He then quickly proceeded to install personal dictatorship. 

In this article "Does Putin really need Nobel Peace Prize", it is claimed that the Nobel Peace Prize laureate Martti Ahtisaari had the following conversation with Serbian president Miloshevich during the Miloshevich-Ahtisaari-Chernomyrdin meeting (my translation from Russian): 

In Bashkiria, 2% belong to Čimarij jüla and Tengrism. 

Austria is prohibited from joining Germany by the Allies of WWII. Austria has no right to do so. It was a condition for the removal of the allied occupation. 

There are multiple paintings by nationalist painters and other art that features swastika. Examples of articles which claim that swastika was an ancient Slavic symbol: 

Notice also the following. Germans used various legal tricks against the Jews, sometimes reaching the desired effect even without explicit racist legislation. 

In Mari El 6% belong to Mari native religion. 

Miloshevich (after reading the document): What will happen if we will not sign? 

The danger that the disintegration process could spread to other regions. For example, dangerous separatist processes were also observed in Tatarstan in 1990s when they adopted a constitution that claimed priority of Tatarstan laws before federal laws. 

In Komi 1% belongs to Komi folk religion. 

Note that the ghettos were officially called "Jewish districts", which was not seen as suspicious by many because Germans instituted similar ethnic districts for other people as well in many occupied areas, including the "German districts". 

Ahtisaari (moves hand over the table surface): Belgrade will be like this table. We at once will start carpet bombing of Belgrade. 

The marriages of Germans with Jews were forbidden but this also did not seem racist at the surface, because the agency which oversaw it also forbade marriages of say thin and thick, tall and short and so on - they justified it with a claim that marriages between too distant genes are detrimental, even within one race.