It is narrated from the prophet that, 

It's always nice to know that there were no pig carcasses involved in the production of your water, but I would call the certification overkill in this case. 

An extra consideration when using a hunting animal is that even if you say bismillah before releasing him, you may only eat of the prey if the animal hasn't eaten of it. This is based on a different hadith which states "if the dog eats of (that game) then do not eat it because the dog has hunted it for itself" rather than hunting it for you. 

Of note, if the water is not actually pure bottled water, but rather some brand of flavoured/enriched water, there is an increased chance that the additives themselves are haram. Given that a number of common additives are of animal origin, the certification makes more sense in such cases. 

However, it is incorrect to apply a general ruling such as "One must never tell such stories, nor believe in them," as there is no way of knowing that the stories themselves are not true. I know of no evidences to outright forbid such, especially if the following points are considered: 

I had written an answer to a similar question on another site, which I am copying (with slight modification) below: 

But even then, avoiding doubtful matters is still preferable. 

Firstly it is remarked that there are two sorts of Jinn: 

It doesn't seem to be haram for a husband to get his 13 or 14-year-old wife pregnant. Because a girl who has reached the age of puberty, is allowed to get married and ... 

Since according to the definition of Shirk: 

You’d better see the source before as the complete definition of Shirk. 

Imam Sadiq (a.s.) responded the question which asked about the mentioned matter that: 

Hence, in order to elucidate the issue, there are some significant points which ought to be paid attention, such as: 

So, the verse below (4:93) could be related with that story: 

By paying heed to the above-mentioned items, it seems that you’d better leave doing that. Since it can have negative effect you unwanted. And even it can be considered as a confirmation of them (if you attend there or other similar places such as temple…) and these points could be the same for getting sweet for them as well. Besides, you are not aware if that eatable thing would be definitely halal as you get it from a non-Muslim person. Therefore we ought to behave somehow not to confirm them or their acts as non-Muslim. 

Since the holy Qur'an is not solely a reciting book, haply it is an understanding book which Muslims must perform it in their life. 

Accordingly, it could be permissible for everyone, even for the Imam of mosque (as you asked) to dye the beard. (Since seemingly it did not mention regarding its Hormat as a Haram act for any specific group of people) 

As a general Islamic rule (www.Islamquest.net) all kinds of drinks which are considered as intoxicant drink, are haram. 

Occasionally, it is seen that some Muslim girls/women post their images on different internet websites without veil (hijab). Based on Islam, it is Haram (forbidden) for women to expose their bodies and their beauties for strangers as non-mahram(s). Accordingly, would it be haram to do it in some parts of virtual world such as Internet, which is full of non-mahrams there? 

In truth, it won't be considered as a haram business in case that the software which you are developing isn't counted as a part of any haram goal. Therefore by paying heed to this issue, it can be declared that it can be permissible. 

(Hor Ameli, Wasael al Shia, Vol. 2, Pg.82, Al-Albayt, Qom, 1409Lunar) 

Fend (repel) the hardness(badness) by goodness 

In regards to your inquiry that asked: 

Conclusion, you indeed ought to strive not to curse anymore and ask Allah to forgive you. (So, as a famous general Islamic rule, Allah will forgive everyone who repent... 

One of the points which we ought to notice when the Quran is recited, is being silent in order to listening to its verses to meditate in them. The apparent of the mentioned verse shows that it is a general ruling, but in accordance with the narrations and likewise the unison of the Olama' (or scholars) it could be presumption that generally it is a Mustahab (recommended) ruling and it is worthy and suitable for people not to speak during the Qur'an is recited. 

You can read more about dating and it's permissibility in islam here. 

However, I'm not sure if I've fully understood your question, but it sounds like you're asking if it's OK in islam to lie?... 

Predictions via calculations, observations, experience are fine. Read this fatwa, this is the same as the 2 links above. 

You can read a fatwa here about it. 

According to this fatwa, the answer to this question is no, it's not wrong. 

Yes, from a translation of Sahih Bukhari - Volume 4, Book 55, Number 543: 

Full fatwa here which explains in more detail, which also explains if animals such as Crocodiles, Frogs, Otters and turtles are halaal or not, but to summaries the fatwa: 

So, if these fantasy stories are true, what's the harm in telling them and what's the harm in believing them? But if these fantasy stories are lies, they should not be told and they should not be believed in. 

The same fatwa as above answers this question and the answer is no, it's not haraam. 

The Prophet said, "Allah created Adam, making him 60 cubits tall. When He created him, He said to him, "Go and greet that group of angels, and listen to their reply, for it will be your greeting (salutation) and the greeting (salutations of your offspring." So, Adam said (to the angels), As-Salamu Alaikum (i.e. Peace be upon you). The angels said, "As-salamu Alaika wa Rahmatu-l-lahi" (i.e. Peace and Allah's Mercy be upon you). Thus the angels added to Adam's salutation the expression, 'Wa Rahmatu-l-lahi,' Any person who will enter Paradise will resemble Adam (in appearance and figure). People have been decreasing in stature since Adam's creation.