I see the second happening in the case of a "quarterback sneak," that is, the quarterback allows the center to keep the ball and "plunge" for short yardage. Does this mean that a runner can hand the ball to a lineman if it is convenient? Why is this not done occasionally to "mix things up" if it is allowed? Or is such "mixing things up" something rules are designed to prevent? In the first quarter of the Super Bowl, the Seahawks threw an incomplete pass on first down, leading to second down. 

In American football, there is such a thing as an ineligible (pass) receiver. That is, a "lineman" (center, guard, tackle) is not allowed to catch forward passes. Are they similarly prohibited from running with the ball? I can see two cases: 

After these (and other pass receivers move), the question of intentional grounding will be considered on a case-by-case basis based on where the players actually are. Almost all football players are drafted out of college, rather than high school, because the extra "seasoning" in college makes them league ready, or nearly so (this is not true in baseball). 

Of course there were variations of this, if the defense "compensated" by moving a man back to the "weak" side. The fullback could be deployed to the strong side as a blocker for a "pitchout" to the halfback, or given the ball to run through the center, depending on how the quarterback "sized up" the defense. The i-formation was adopted because it gave the most flexibility to the offense. 

The three types of "backs" (the offensive players behind the line of scrimmage) are the quarterback, half back, and fullback. A "pass" thrown directly in front of the passer immediately after the snap meets this definition of "a realistic chance of completion," based on the placement of the tight end and two running backs prior to the snap. The fact that the quarterback has intentionally "spoiled" his chances of completion by "fast-passing" or "spiking" the ball, does not affect this. 

Starting about 50 years ago, one of the halfbacks would become a "flanker" who would outflank one of his ends on the line of scrimmage to become a "wide receiver" This created a so-called "strong" side, with the extra pass receiver. Defenses adapted to this change by "shifting" an extra man on the strong side. 

Except that the offense had a "false start," for a five yard penalty. The Broncos accepted it, and it was first and 15 instead of second and 10. Perhaps a better way of putting this question would be, "Why did football teams put the fullback in the middle of the (relatively new) I formation in contrast to his traditional role?" 

Unless the penalty decision was governed by field position? The Seahawks started from the Broncos 30, and were pulled back to the 35, toward the edge of field goal range. A rushing yard is a "running yard" gained on an official "rushing" play. This occurs when the quarterback either runs the ball himself (without passing), or hands the ball to a halfback or fullback for "rushing." 

Basically, the rule is that you must play the ball, and not the man, until someone catches the ball. This applies to both offensive and defensive players. 

So a player can do anything in relation to the BALL, either catch it, or bat it away from his opponent, but the player cannot do anything to the opponent, such as blocking, tackling, holding, or even touching to prevent him from catching the ball. Doing so is "interference." 1) A "back" (or pass receiver) drops or fumbles the ball, a lineman picks it up and runs with it. More often than not, that means a college. And he may or may not have graduated (many football players attend college for the chance to "play," rather than for the education, and leave as soon as a team will sign them, that is, after three years). Sometimes, it could refer to a player that attended college for five years, but was "red shirted" by the team for one year. (That means that the player was put through an extra year of training but was technically not a member of the team because he was not allowed to play for that year, and therefore only played for "four.") Why would the Broncos prefer the extra five yards instead of declining the penalty for a loss of a down? My understanding is that fewer opportunities for "conversion" often outweighs the distance. 

A forward pass that does not pass the line of scrimmage will be considered intentional grounding UNLESS it is "a pass that lands in the direction and the vicinity of an originally eligible receiver," and therefore has a realistic chance of completion. 2) The quarterback (or runner) hands the ball to a lineman. 

And most people who are, say, 5' 5" and 170 pounds (like the Houston Astros' Jose Altuve) would not be considered "playable" on an NFL football field, particularly if female. But could "kicker" be an exception to this rule? If a player joined the team out of a high school, with no college "education," he will use the high school as his affiliation. 

But suppose there was a high school kicker, who could routinely kick field goals from the 50-year line or further? Would a major league team consider drafting him or her for that particular skill without the further practice in college on the theory that "kicking" ability is basically independent of what else happens on the field (there is normally no contact for the kicker.) Or are anti-kick defenses much better in the "pros" than in high school? According to NFL rules, this could take place only several years after the high school graduation, unless this person applied for, and was granted "special eligibility," so maybe this person maintains the skill in junior college or abroad. Until someone actually touches the ball. The I formation was the standard counter to this new defense. The idea was to use the non-flanking halfback to run to the weak side (the opposite side to the wide receiver). To create a further numerical imbalance, the fullback would be used as a blocker for the halfback, instead of as a runner up the middle. That's why the fullback was inserted between the quarterback and the halfback in the I-formation.