Nagel, in his paper, What is it like to be a Bat, launches into a defence of reducing consciousness to purely physical character. He suggests, according to Hacker, in a rebuttal of Nagels thesis, Is there anything it is like to be a bat that the qualitative character of other species experience may be beyond our capacity to conceive. 

Is it correct to say then, that the strings of string theory are as wholly removed from our experience as Westerhoff is making out? Which is not to deny a difference of degree, nor of quality. 

Science offers explanatory power; this isn't at all the same as experience; not is everything that offers explanatory power a science. 

The Anthropic Principle states that the fundamental physics of the universe must allow the possibility of conscious life in the universe - as that is an observable fact. 

If we drop the noumena are we committed to mind dependent reality? This is different, I think from solipsism, for reality is dependent on mind; but also mind is dependent on reality. That is the two terms have a mutual relation of dependence. Is this how Kants sees it? Or his followers? 

Famously Einstein said if he had to choose between a beautiful theory and an ugly fact he'd take the theory every-time. Dirac remarked that he always followed beauty. 

Both kinds of knowledge is natural to human beings; both kinds of knowledge and understanding have been part of human thinking from the beginning; and as it has been in the past, so it is in the present, and also the future; human beings, move from one kind of knowledge to the other, not in any simple way, since the relationship between the two is vastly complex, as Hegel points out in his Phenomenology: Sense-Certainty is only the beginning, being immediate to us as also affirmed by Al-Ghazali (The Sense-Judge and Reason-Judge) and Descartes (his cogito). 

Of course, Kant made a number of contributions to scientific thought, So that may have helped to establish his reputation & circulate his ideas amongst the physics research community. 

For example, Aristotle one of the founders of Science in the Western tradition treats evolutionary theory in his Physics and Metaphysics; as well as chance & spontaneity as causes in themselves (ie opposed to determinism); and this too, not just in Evolution but also for the universe itself - compare the contemporary debate as the universe starts as a quantum event - as a spontaneous event; as well as treating the theory of the One from a number of different perspectives - the Pythagorean, which is consonant with Plato; as well as his own, the Unmoved Mover, as well as an infinite principle, substantively and quantifiably; and which is distinguished from the notion of the All or Whole, understood as that without lack. 

If we cannot say that the noumena at least exists, then should we retain it? That is does the word 'noumena' actually refer to something? Or must we say that noumena is indefinite in all its qualities including existence? Is this even a sensible thing to say? What does Kant say? Or his followers? 

This is somewhat confused; there are two basic positions on reality - realism or idealism. 

One might describe science in a positive direction; when one describes it at bottom that which we can agree on ie this is a stone, this falls; ie the empirical tradition; but this quickly becomes difficult. 

Two of them sound useful in this context: 

Badiou, posits four truth procedures - science being one them (the others being art, love and politics); he has a theory of an event; events for him are singular, and unproveable (you know them by their fruits).