Challenge how and why your interlocutor thinks any given scientific fact actually challenges basic articles of faith -- science and faith actually disagree very seldom in truly relevant ways, and creative rationalizations reinforce the power of the underlying faith to capture more ground (rather than undermining it as they do a scientific hypothesis by decreasing its falsifiability) To my mind, we need to see Popper's criterion itself in slightly less rigid terms. It has become something one teaches dogmatically in schools, which is sad. Because it has come to pass that the view is held more tightly by Popper's adherents, including too many teachers of basic science, than Popper seems to have held it himself. I see the former as a perfectly acceptable answer, and the latter two as further specification of, rather than as alternatives to, the Copenhagen position. 

The philosophy here surely doesn't obligate one to be a Kantian, because we are talking about a model here. Whatever lies behind the model, we realize that we have reduced it to terms we can handle. There is no presumption of a deeper reality, just of a lack of perfect fit between the model and things we have not managed to observe. 

So I would say that our model of space is as inborn as our model of color, and that Euclidean space is the model we project. But it is evolved, and it can continue to evolve, if a better model eventually really offers breeding advantages. 'Magic' seems like a separate category to cultures like Europe where rigid monotheism repeatedly overlayed and alienated other religions and pushed them into a secondary status, without eradicating their practices. But if we look at places not overridden by Manicheanized forms of monotheism, it looks less that way. Is praying to Ganesh religion or magic? How about Shinto observances? Or the calendar rituals preserved by Confucianism? To a lesser degree, every science always has smaller versions of this kind of paradigm shift going on. For instance genetics has a gap between continuity in evolution that makes statistical tracking of mutations a way of measuring past populations, and the notion of punctuated equilibrium: that change, especially extinction, tends to happen suddenly, so that measuring this kind of thing over time, presuming it has some kind of smooth rate of accumulation, is misleading -- big die-offs are going to skew your distributions too much. This is an ongoing tiny little paradigm dispute.