FWIW, I can do a hop like the one shown, on my commuter bike, with panniers, but only with careful preparation and a 90° approach. Jurgen's flying leap approach is not one that I'd try if there was any way to avoid it. 

If you speed up, you're at huge risk of riding into the motorist's blind spot, and they're likely to be concentrating on what's in front of them - getting into that side street without hitting anything, and making sure there's nothing in the side street that they need to avoid. You're really relying on the motorist also having the spare mental capacity to remember that you exist and that perhaps you might be inclined to obey the laws of physics rather than the laws of Canada. I would be very reluctant to ride into a blind spot like this, it's too easy to end up "dead right". The real problem is the tubes. Again, new tubes overstretched like that would work in a pinch, but they're be extra vulnerable to punctures because of the stretch. But usually if you're replacing aged tyres I'd suggest new tubes since they're likely to be in similar condition. Trying to over-stretch old tubes is very likely to fail immediately, and if not will almost certainly fail shortly after you start riding. So all you can really say about a bike with 531 tubing is that it's probably more than 5 years old. It might be a touring bike, it might even be a load bike, but more likely it's a road or track racing bike. Here's a photo of the 2006 Cycle Messenger World Champion doing more or less that at about 30kph, but wearing a backpack rather than panniers: 

The only one I can think of that's designed for this is rollers, but even on rollers you don't want to get too excited because it's easy to ride off them. 

The main thing with your first tour is that you get out and ride. If something goes wrong jump on a bus and either continue your tour as a bus-traveller, or go home. It's no big deal, the idea is to learn what works. The big planning exercise is probably going to be booking accommodation :) 

You need to be very careful with the weight limit on that rack, it will flop about if overloaded a little, or break if overloaded too much. But you're riding short distances in heavily populated areas, so presumably you're staying in buildings and buying prepared food, so you don't need to carry much. If you can afford to spend a little extra money on buses etc, there's very little risk so the best bet is to try it and see. 

For me, it took a slightly disturbing number of crashes in my late youth before I was seriously injured, largely due to my ability to roll (loosely speaking, via martial arts training). And when I did eventually break my humerus it was because a roll failed. Even now, I've been riding everywhere for 30-odd years and still my major injuries have all occurred through both my own stupid fault and in effectively single vehicle accidents. The "hit by car" ones have all involved a bit of flying through the air, a roll then a lot of very politely explaining to the motorist that I would like them to give me their insurance details. Now. THANK YOU.