Is it permitted on Islam for men to use gold products(not as a jwell)? Normally, egg is one of the wind producing food. It might get uneasy during fasting for some people. So, they avoid these types of food. Foods with complex carbohydrates and protein like Haleem, Dates, Almonds, Bananas are highly recommended during Sahar time. But, these are things about good health and nutrition, islam doesn't forbid foods like egg to take in Sahar. You can tell now the saliva is not germfull and we can have them in our homes. No, keeping the hunting dogs is more harmful, we may have infants in our home and it may also affect our guests. we should keep the dogs outside like in a dog house. So, He knows which is good and which is bad to us. Is it halal to use them for men? 

But, take a look at the ayat that the dogs may be used for hunting. For hunting they should use their mouth and saliva. The hunted things(for ex, birds) are considered as pure and halal(we should cut them with the name of Allah). Since, they are trained(which may take about several months) especially for hunting. Have I committed a sin because I didn't know? - you probably did not make sin neither by your behavior, because, even if it was incorrect behviour, as soon as you did not know, you are not sinful for your that behaviour, and you are not probably sinful for not knowing that at first place because that is quite advanced topic and you could not know so much things, and also it is probably even a disagreement among different islamic scholars, so several different resulting opinions looks quite right do different scholars and you need to know quite much to have your own opinion. so, if you are located eastward from international new moon, you cannot use it. 

I have seen that child should be given name with good meaning. On what that is based? And what about meaningless names? - Also I have seen that child should be given name with meaning. 

http://sunnah.com/bukhari/67/72 : The Prophet (ﷺ) said, "A matron should not be given in marriage except after consulting her; and a virgin should not be given in marriage except after her permission." The people asked, "O Allah's Messenger (ﷺ)! How can we know her permission?" He said, "Her silence (indicates her permission).