The reason PiS is considered dangerous is not because they have the absolute majority, it's what they are doing with it. In just the first three month of the legislative period, they: 

tl;dr: No, they aren't. Petitions to the UK government are a very weak political instrument anyway. 

This scenario assumes that the members of the party leadership are not at odds with each other. What if the party has multiple elected leaders and they don't agree? In that case either the party notices that the current party leadership can't work constructively and votes a new leadership of people who can, or single members of the leadership resign. The remaining leadership members would keep leading the party under the current name while those who resign would have the option to form a new party under a new name. 

However, in 2002 the Church of England liberated their stance and allows divorced to remarry at the discretion of the priest. The marriage between Charles and Camilla was in 2005, and the church gave permission to it. No. Although there is a petition system in the United Kingdom, where such a petition is already being made, it is not binding. 

I don't want to claim that the motivation behind these measures is to build a totalitarian police-state but they are very obvious steps in that direction. All the parliament debate could achieve is inspire MPs to draft an actual bill based around the general idea of the petition which then goes through the normal process... if anyone feels like doing that. 

Edward VIII, however, had no children yet when he wanted to marry Wallis Simpson. That means his heir would have come from a twice divorced woman (and an American and lowborn, to boot), which would have been the big scandal the prime ministers wanted to avoid. 

*And no, using his power as head of church to change its rules might not have been a good idea. The last time an English monarch changed the state religion to accommodate their personal marriage plans, lots of people died 

The official way to hand in an online petition is through the petition portal of the UK parliament. The promise of a response for 10,000 signatures and being considered for debate at 100,000 signatures only applies to this medium. But: 

Petitions to the UK parliament are handled by the petition committee which are members of the UK parliament. 

Poland currently does too much at once which worries the other EU states. 

Also, keep in mind that a debate about a petition in the parliament is just that: a debate. It does not mean there will be a vote if the petition will be made a law. Online petition written by political laypeople rarely fulfill the formal requirements for an actual bill anyway. 

Because granting these privileges is within the authority of the EU. Either the EU commission can do it themselves or they can ratify it through the democratically legitimized parliament. They do not need to ask the European public for every single change to the union treaty. Even forming the union in the first place wasn't ratified through a referendum in most EU states. 

Governments don't work this way. A government agency has a set amount of money it can spend [ Young, 2006]. Efficient agencies don't have larger budgets than inefficient agencies - they are just able to do more with their resources. So when an agency becomes more efficient (such as by introducing new technologies) it will usually those resources. For staff, this generally means keeping roughly the same number of positions, even though positions may be moved between functions. Realistically, even if an agency did cut staff due to technological improvements, it would likely use that money to hire other staff for other programs. 

The two interact in some ways. Institutions make use of symbols to communicate. Sometimes institutions formalize symbols (for example, by adopting the design of a crest or flag). 

Firms are interested in earning profit. Efficiency gains lower costs and result in more profit. So for a firm it makes sense to replace staff with technology. They lower costs and earn more profits. 

There is a lack of references here, which I acknowledge. In keeping with the Good Subjective/Bad Subjective principle, I am basing this on my background as a political scientist. Finally, an agency in most cases must spend it's entire budget in a year [ also Young, 2006]. If an agency were to cut positions and save money, it would have a lower budget next year. This is also different from private firms: there is a disincentive to cut overall costs. 

Kernaghan and Gunraj (2004) discuss one particular way this occurs: increased efficiency due to technology also drives staff specialization. Agencies may retrain staff to allow them to specialize rather than fire them. At the core, you are conflating political culture with political institutions. Political institutions are things like laws (including constitutions), courts, legislatures, offices - all the formal bits of how government works. Political culture is a largely intangible set of symbols and acts that are used to represent values. 

Whether the UK tries to obtain some changes from within the EU, chooses to leave the EU but not the EEA or simply leaves everything abruptly and negotiates from the outside, that's the big question. 

Incidentally, that's the most puzzling thing about this story for me. If you come from Congo, you are faced with deportation and claiming asylum is your last option, then I completely get why you would try to make up a story to be able to stay, I would do it myself if I was stuck in this situation. But if you come from Spain you have many easier ways to remain in the UK perfectly legally… And even if you have to leave, coming back is also very easy, legally and practically. Similarly, holding someone against their will is illegal but the police has the right to do it. Basically, in all societies, there is a trade-off between individual freedoms and the public's interest in giving the police the means to enforce the law. We can be dissatisfied about the way the police in a given country uses its prerogatives but the fact is that it can do something like that everywhere.