Probably today's main border is between the humanities and natural science. But interdisciplinary work becomes more and more important. E.g. in the domain of cognitive science, some researchers vote for cooperation even across this border. 

To answer your question: It is not human progress which reduces individuals to Nietzsche's last men. The reason is that the LAST MAN Both models no. 1 and no. 2 are discussed by the scientific community. They are discussed on scientific grounds like the average mass density or the possible existence of dark energy, e.g., see „Part III Spacetime and Cosmology“ in Greene, Brian: The Fabric of the Cosmos. (2004) Du Bois concludes: But as regards the enigma what matter and force are and how they are able to conceive, he [the investigator of Nature] must resign himself once for all to the far more difficult confession - "IGNORABIMUS!" 

I cannot decide whether the philosophical community takes an indenpendent stance to decide between the different models. Eventually, metaphysical discussions on cosmology terminate with the final question cited above. As an introduction to these further issues may serve Audi, Robert (Ed.): The Cambridge Dictionary of Philosophy. 1995. See the keywords causation and explanation. See the comment of Dave concerning contemporary followers of antique Greek gods. Kant does not consider synthetical knowledge a priori the principle of induction. It was just the aim of Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science to show which insights can be derived without using induction. 

Certainty is the personal feeling to have true knowledge. It is a subjectice term and does not guarantee truth. Prompted by the question whether the parallel postulate can be deduced from the other axioms, mathematicians in the 19th century (Gauss, Bolyai, Lobachevski) detected non-Euclidean geometries. This shows that the parallel postulate is independent from the other axioms. In theories such as SR, the idea is that if you take a measurement within any reference frame, it is "valid." It describes the object correctly. What is not included is how difficult this measurement is. When it comes to the world of metrology, where we study how well we can measure things, you are traditionally correct. The best measurements are those where we can lock down every unknown variable possible. However, that is not a fact of spacetime. That's merely an artifact of the hardware we use to measure. However, there is another more fluid reading which also exists. The statistical requirement is relaxed, because it can cause trouble. However, there is a focus on both the elimination of hypotheses through testing and the preference towards hypotheses which are testable. This reading of the scientific method is a very general direction, so the alternatives are equally general. 

Of course, the answers are myriad. Religion knowledge is often justified without testing hypothesis, relying on other justification methods. Many martial arts include knowledge which could theoretically be traced back to millions of small tested hypotheses through one's career, but is typically justified in other ways. Knowledge of Self often comes without testing of hypotheses as well. Knowledge of Love also works this way. One does not find many arguments that you must test hypotheses to know if you are in love. The most common phrasing is simply "you'll know."