The specific role of sexual reproduction isn't discussed explicitly. It is easy however to argue that since the process is driven by evolution, and sexual reproduction provides more efficient and faster evolution than asexual reproduction, sexual reproduction will lead to consciousness before asexual reproduction does. Based on this statement from the authors, I would say that contemporary philosophers of mind would say that "Mario Lives!" doesn't experience emotions, since behaviorism has been pretty much refuted as a solution to the mind-body problem. Here you are touching upon the hard problem of consciousness, made famous by David Chalmers. Chalmers posits that currently no physicalist or functionalist theory of the mind can provide and explanation of why consciousness is the way it is. A physicalist theory of the mind can tell you that pain is the firing of certain neurons, and a functionalist theory can tell you what types of behavior and mental states correlate with pain, but neither of them can address the question of "What it's like to feel" pain. The problem is still considered an open one, but there has been attempts to "solve" it, most notably Higher Order Theories of consciousness. The general approach of such theories is the following: P.S: * I have not completed the entire book, so this is my interpretation of what I am reading so far, things might change later. ** Moreover, further in the book Dennett explains how language plays a crucial role in how human minds evolved, but I haven't gotten there yet. *** You might want to check Douglas Hofstadter for more details on how self-perception evolved into consciousness. **** Dennett's main ideas are explained in further detail in his more famous books "Consciousness Explained" and "Darwin's Dangerous Idea", but I haven't read either of those yet. Those details in his book (and also from what I have seen in Daniel Dennett's work) which pertain directly to the way the brain and biological neurons work seem to be the domain of cognitive science, not philosophy of mind per se. On the other hand a dualist faces a problem, because they would have to explain at which point in the evolutionary process (or for that matter in the development of an embryo) does the ontologically distinct mental state appear. In listening to the following philosophy of mind lecture by John Searle, and he mentions in passing the following argument against materialism (starting around 43 minutes into to the lecture): Deleuze, defined philosophy as the production of concepts, and not the idea; but what about the relations between concepts, should it not also be a concept? It is, and we have produced our first one! The important questions lie in your suppositions. This is the same position of Physicalism. Of course it is the overwhelming success of the physical sciences (I'm including biology in this) that makes this position possible & plausible. Interesting question. I don't have any books or references for you - apart from general pointers to Lacans Mirror; and Buddist dependent co-arising. Kant identifies a noumenal world behind the phenomenal world; one could take this inexpressible and indescrible dimension where mental and physical phenomena are 'one'; though he quiet on how the noumenal world causes the phenomenal world. I haven't read anything by Dennet, so I can't comment directly; but it might be worth noting that an illusion exists: it exists as an illusion; but what is of course being implied here is that it is not the most basic level of reality. ln Leibnizs Monadology; there are many kinds of monads; a soul is a monad, as is God; they don't interact; each reflects in itself all the others; and harmonised independently. One reason to think of algorithims is that one can do things with them. Crucially this aspect is missing from intelligence seen as algorithmic. To take a prosaic example: I show you a bag, and say that inside this bag there is some money; you opens it and you look inside it and see that the bag is in fact empty; so you say 'I thought you said there was some money in there'; and I reply, 'well some is a number, and a number could be zero; and in fact, here, it is zero'. By the same token, if someone's grain is ruined on the threshing floor, this does not mean that the rain fell for the purpose of ruining the grain: it is just a coincidence. So what is wrong with the idea that the parts of natural things are like this as well? In Hegel; the world is the progression of the world-Geist from non-being and being; which in a sense are the same; thus human beings are an expression of the Geist.