40 of 48 countries require citizenship For 40 of the 48 countries I reviewed, I could see a constitutional requirement that included citizenship. 22 of these 48 required natural-born citizenship, although the exact formulation of "natural-born" varied. Below is a map summarizing my findings, as well as showing the countries that I have reviewed to date: Article 2 (Section 1) of the Constitution describes the oath/affirmation requirement: The two requirements allow for the President to be sworn in before hand. There is no specific time mandated for the inauguration to occur, and nothing preventing it from happening more than once. 3 countries do not appear to require citizenship For 4 of the 48 countries, their constitution makes it possible to have a non-citizen be the chief executive. These are discussed below. Not seeing any great data source out there I already, I reviewed the constitutions of 48 countries. I looked for the requirements to hold their chief executive position. These countries were selected in a non-random and non-projectible way. Instead of legislating such a thing, however, many transparency groups simply publish the records of politicians. The idea is that good free speech can potentially drive out the bad. William Henry Harrison, in 1840 is often considered to be the first President to campaign. His slogan "Tippecanoe and Tyler too" was considered widely successful. His "Log Cabin campaign" was a repudiation of the prior practice of steadily working one's way up within a faction. As such, technically the answer to your question then would be (and I'm doing this from memory!): George Washington, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, John Monroe, John Quincy Adams, Andrew Jackson, and Martin Van Buren. Indeed, even as late as Woodrow Wilson (a face made for radio), directly communicating with "the American people" was considered somewhat novel. Wilson's tour to sell the League of Nations to the country was conisdered a novelty. Wilson's successor - Harding is often considered the first candidate picked for looks instead of a message, and FDR was really the first to use the airwaves extensively in his campaigns. (Calvin Coolidge in particular was known to loathe public occasions and avoided them as much as possible. While he used the radio, he didn't particularly like it, and called it "a technology of the future," not the present.) Question: considering all above, why can mayors be elected for more than the typically two terms? (while presidents can not) The bias towards having the same mayors is so big that some mayors were in jail when they were elected. To narrow the question scope, I will take the particular example of my native country, Romania: ex-communist country, parliamentary democracy within the European Union. However, I think the following reasoning can be applied to many other developing countries as well: parliamentary or presidential elections disruption - mayors of medium and small towns or villages can easily influence voting by using local resources to promote friendly candidates. In the country side this done through relations with some other public figures such as priests or medical doctors. Checking this list, I have noticed that the vast majority of countries do not limit mayors terms count. However, the president is usually limited to two terms of 4-5 years.