Over on History Stack Exchange, answers to the question Why would Jesus' parents travel to their birthplace for a Roman census? indicate that the scholarly consensus is that Luke is wrong in his descriptions of the census prior to Jesus' birth. Among their reasons are: This passage also makes it clear that the things that we should ask for are those that are necessary to bring the Kingdom of God. 

William Portier, chair of Catholic theology at the University of Dayton, expounded upon how popes choose their papal name in an interview with CTV News. 

Is it accurate to say that this passage is saying that Protestants (or at least those who know the historical basis for the Catholic Church) cannot be saved unless they join the Catholic Church? Or is there something that I am missing? My first thought was that perhaps a Saint needs a connection to Jesus, which all Christian Saints do. But part of Jesus' claim to legitimacy was that he was a descendent of people like David and Ruth. Furthermore, Moses and Elijah were present during Jesus' transfiguration, so they have a direct connection to Jesus. Yet none of these have the title of "Saint". Why not? 

The Catechism of the Catholic Church has useful information on how we should treat the animals. 

Is there any specific liquid/water for it? 

Apostolic See decides what is to be done with the relics. 

The body of Saint Bernadette covered in wax, believed to be incorruptible by the Catholic church, after she was exhumed three times. The angel of the Lord asked him, “Why have you beaten your donkey these three times? I have come here to oppose you because your path is a reckless one before me. (Numbers 22:32, NIV) Do not cook a young goat in its mother's milk. (Deuteronomy 14:21, NIV) 

The sale of relics is strictly forbidden by the Church. The Code of Canon Law states: [2417] God entrusted animals to the stewardship of those whom he created in his own image. Hence it is legitimate to use animals for food and clothing. They may be domesticated to help man in his work and leisure. Medical and scientific experimentation on animals is a morally acceptable practice if it remains within reasonable limits and contributes to caring for or saving human lives. 

First class relics are the physical remains of a saint (a bone, a hair, skull, a limb, etc.) Basically, Nestorius rejected the idea that a sinful, human mother could give birth to a sinless, divine Logos (today, the Church teaches the Immaculate Conception of Mary, which solves at least part of his claim). His opponents advocated that Jesus is fully God, the second person of the Trinity (based on scripture like John 1), and advocated the title "Mother of God" to affirm this. To be clear, they mean God the Son, and not all three parts of the Trinity. The council resulted in the decree "Anyone who dares to deny the Holy Virgin the title Theotokos is Anathema!" Nestorius refused to recant and was labeled a heretic. One was Pope Benedict XV, who reigned during the First World War and served as a voice for peace; the other was a 5th century monk who sought solitude in the country and worked to spread the Gospel around Europe. Though he wasn’t a pope, he set an example that Benedict XVI hoped to follow. So Mary being the "Mother of God" is less about Mary's status and more about Jesus being the second person of the Trinity (and therefore Jesus being God). Thus if Mary is the mother of Jesus, and Jesus is God, then Mary is the Mother of God. 

During the Great Western Schism of the 1400s, three men had claimed to be pope at the same time, including one who took the name John XXIII. He was later declared an imposter or “antipope” and deposed, but historians and scholars have often debated whether he actually had a legitimate claim. 

A wooden piece from the True Cross, safeguarded inside an ornamented cross. First class relics are the physical remains of a saint (a bone, a hair, skull, a limb, etc.) Do not muzzle an ox while it is treading out the grain. (Deuteronomy 25:4, NIV) 

What are the uses of Holy Water? 

The sale of relics is strictly forbidden by the Church. The Code of Canon Law states: 

The angel of the Lord asked him, “Why have you beaten your donkey these three times? I have come here to oppose you because your path is a reckless one before me. (Numbers 22:32, NIV) 

Current Catholic teaching prohibits relics to be divided up into small, unrecognizable parts. (source) 

Do not slaughter a cow or a sheep and its young on the same day. (Leviticus 22:28, NIV) [2417] God entrusted animals to the stewardship of those whom he created in his own image. Hence it is legitimate to use animals for food and clothing. They may be domesticated to help man in his work and leisure. Medical and scientific experimentation on animals is a morally acceptable practice if it remains within reasonable limits and contributes to caring for or saving human lives. 

Why is Eucharist observed in Catholic parishes every Sunday? Do they observe on other days too? Are Catholics obligated to attend the mass every Sunday? The Catechism of the Catholic Church has useful information on how we should treat the animals.