été (summer) follows pretty much the same path from aestas/aestatem. They definitely do go to the same common ancestor, just the first etymology you found does not go deep enough. Norwegian del is reconstructed to proto-germanic dailiz, but that originates from PIE *dhail-, the etymon for the Slavic děliti. So from statum, there was something like estεθ at this stage (cf. Chanson de Roland, first strophe - (Charles li reis) ad estet in Espaigne). With the loss of word final consonant, the syllable opened and followed the rule of closed vowel in open syllable, becoming /e/. état (state) is the exception here and I bet it is not a direct descendant but rather an early borrowing from Latin. It is a fairly regular evolution. Starting with the accusative ending -átum, we have the loss of final nasal. Then the accented /a/ in the open syllable transitioned slowly to open /ε/ (cf. -arium > -aire, -alem > -el but also mare > mer). Eventually the post-accentual vowel got lost (and the /t/ probably first got voiced intervocally, lenited to a fricative and then lost voicing word finally). e̯eĝherom lake (> russ. озеро) This hints the root had something before the r-. Some link it to Greek root ἔρως "love" which in turn also has obscure etymology. The Russian and Polish word "pravo" originates from a different PIE root and cognate with the English word "first" and German word "Frau". The basic meaning of the root "per-" was "over", "through" as in PIE adverb peri, but later the meaning also shifted to "against" as in proti, "forward, ahead" and further to "first" as in prou̯os. An ironic consequence of this hypothesis if we accept it would be that the both parts of the English word "yesterday" originate from the same root: the yester- part is from dhĝhi̯es "yesterday" while the second part is from dheĝhr "day". The corresponding PIE form would be dhĝhi̯esterom dheĝhr (according the rules, the first word due to large consonant cluster would be pronounced starting with ĝh- already in PIE). It is unknown whether such form was used already in PIE or originated later, but it does not seem impossible especially given that dhĝhi̯es is adverb rather than a noun. For instance, in Russian you can say "вчера" "yesterday" and "вчерашний день" "yesterday(adj.) day". It is a fairly regular evolution. Starting with the accusative ending -átum, we have the loss of final nasal. Then the accented /a/ in the open syllable transitioned slowly to open /ε/ (cf. -arium > -aire, -alem > -el but also mare > mer). Eventually the post-accentual vowel got lost (and the /t/ probably first got voiced intervocally, lenited to a fricative and then lost voicing word finally). été (summer) follows pretty much the same path from aestas/aestatem. So from statum, there was something like estεθ at this stage (cf. Chanson de Roland, first strophe - (Charles li reis) ad estet in Espaigne). With the loss of word final consonant, the syllable opened and followed the rule of closed vowel in open syllable, becoming /e/. They definitely do go to the same common ancestor, just the first etymology you found does not go deep enough. Norwegian del is reconstructed to proto-germanic dailiz, but that originates from PIE *dhail-, the etymon for the Slavic děliti. In this light you should consider the fact that they reconstruct two very close roots for PIE: lupos "fox" and u̯lq̆os "wolf". If we consider the p a result of alternation, we come to luq̆os vs u̯lq̆os which could be result of elementary metathesis. In old Russian the word фрязь ([fr'az'], apostrophe means a soft consonant) was used to denote a westerner. Although the word is not used any more, it is kept as part of some place names, such as a town Фрязино. I want also to point out that English language has different words for visualized desires not connected with sleep, for example "reverie", "vision", "aspiration", "imagining", "desire", "infatuation", "idealization" etc. This text is from: A dictionary of Greek and Roman biography and mythology, 1873 (ed. William Smith). I think both Latin and Russian words derive from Proto-Indo-European "com bheroa̯" "I am putting together". The later word, prou̯os, meaning "first" was used to designate a province headsman ("first" in the settlement), and later "judge" and "lord" (with feminine form preu̯ia̯ meaning "mistress, lady", reflected in German "Frau") and gave rise to the Slavic legal term as well as the Russian terms meaning "correct", "just".