There is nothing any more sacred about units in which a thing is measured than in the sylables with which a word is pronounced. 

In his book Solving Marriage Problems, he makes an interesting claim: 

I've long held alcoholism - or at least the genetic predisposition towards it - to be a disease. As a disease of the body, I see this as somehow "less than sin" because, in fact, it is a biological process put in place by God. In the same way that just about every Christian more mature than Fred Phelps doesn't view "blackness" as a sin, I've always assumed that any biological function is simply a fact, and not a "sin." 

The Institute for Creation Research has published this paper to explain the physics behind it: 

As such, even from the polar opposite soteriology, the timing of Christ's forgiveness would predate any individual's decision. 

You must want a lot of prostitutes or you wouldn't sow dances; you must want a lot of vomiting, puking drunkards or you wouldn't sow saloons, and you must want a bunch of gamblers or you wouldn't play cards in your homes. 

I'm interested in people who say "I'm a Christian, but I don't go to church." 

As to the concerns about translating units, one should realize there is nothing sacred about the units. Translating units is merely a helpful aid to the reader who is otherwise unaccustomed to the system. 

While Mesopatamia (i.e. Iraq) is where the Tigris & Euphrates are, the remaining two rivers (Gihon is in Israel, and the Pishon is, I believe unknown, though some scholars think it is the Nile) are not. 

Neither John nor Mark say anything about the birth of Jesus at all, so it is not surprising at all that there is nothing about the virgin birth. 

As far as the east is from the west, so far has he removed our transgressions from us - Psalm 103:12 

Briefly, hours were reckoned from sunrise - the third hour of the day would be about three hours after sunrise. Depending on the time of year, that is usually around 9 or 10am in the morning. 

In making the case against a non-churched Christianity, I would point to: 

From a Calvinist perspective, any teaching which makes God contingent on man in any way negates the supremacy of God. Put another way, who is man to say anything to God? Any choice which man makes for God is the result of an election that occurred ante praevisa merita, and is thus a decision man made long before any person "decided" he or she wanted forgiveness. In such a scheme, to say that God has "already" forgiven you makes logical sense, because God, who exists before and outside of time, would have already made the decision. Any scripture backing predestination thus applies, such as Ephesians 1:4: 

I'm trying not to preach here, but the point is so basic I think it needs to be made: God has forgiven our sin. What we were is no longer relevant. (It may have consequences in the temporal - not arguing that, I'm just saying, God is making us new.) The theological import of the admonition is 100% right on - God doesn't care where we came from, because he wants to remake us into his new creation anyway. 

This study, however explains some of the problems. Amongst these problems: 

The problem with this question is that the Bible is not a single book, and as such does not directly address what "other books" are considered canon. 

(As an American, however, quarts are clearly holier than liters. How else do you explain our refusal to do what everyone else is doing!) 

Now, here's where I'm going to shift from God's motivation to what I suspect is the real thrust of the quote - If God is more concerned about what he would make of us, then once we come to him, any time we spend focused on what we were is distraction. We feel guilt and shame, to be sure, but the awesome news that is the Good News is this - God has forgiven us. 

One last avenue of argument - Temporal Omnipresence 

When Jesus is Baptised, a voice from heaven declares, "This is my son, with whom I am well pleased". If Jesus is just a different view of the same God, why would he say something like this, to himself? It makes God seem a bit arrogant, frankly. 

The idea of modalism is simple enough - God has different "modes" of being, kind of like an actor who simply appears with different masks in different situations [1]. If the same person is merely appearing in multiple forms simultaneously, there are some weird situations in Scripture that result, and have implications that are dicey. 

The implication here is that water came from two directions - springs from the deep (i.e. underground water) and from above (the floodgates of heaven). Extending the metaphor ever so slightly, a floodgate is holding something back - according to the Institute for Creation Research, that is the canopy. 

One thing to point out is, not all cardinals are currently Bishops (and historically there have been lay cardinals, so it's an error to conflate their position with Bishops, they do not act as cardinals as mediators in any way. 

Priests (as well as the Pope and the Bishops) act 'in persona Christi'. They forgive sins ,through God, because Jesus forgave sins and told the apostles to act accordingly (John 20:23). The very definition of priests is one who offers sacrifices for the people. You don't have to poke very far into Leviticus to find a biblical basis for priests acting like priests. Priests in the new covenant 'do this in remembrance of me', and they say this, not 'do this in remembrance of Jesus' during the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass in the Eucharistic prayer before communion. 

He is commissioning the Apostles and their successors to act in His name. Not baptizing like John baptized, but baptizing like Christ baptized.