While I would be interested in finding out about any works that might help supplement the study, anything from critical animal studies to deconstructionist/schizoanalytic approaches to the general question, I would definitely love to discover a robust critical study of the animal-human relation in Western thought/letters. 

One way to see this is of course with "recreation" itself, which in many ways is often a mirror image of our alienated work: locked into fierce yet "legal" combat with others or the world, etc. At any rate, one thing to think about here might be that even our relaxations from work life have also become various forms of competition and rule-dominated exercises; we have recreation "without leisure." The work is a rigorous socio-historical analysis of the evolution of the modern prison system. He suggests, among other things, that there may be fundamental relationships between various 'disciplinary' institutions, like schools, churches and places of work, as well as prisons. On this point, just as a matter of fact: the electoral process in the United States wasn't itself hacked, as far as we can tell. Rather: people's minds were hacked through a concerted disinformation campaign. Slavoj Zizek makes a number of compelling arguments against the various paradoxes involved with neo-liberal 'tolerance'. That being said, I definitely and wholeheartedly agree with the claim at least in the sense that I do take this to be a strong empirical rule-of-thumb regarding human psychology. It's in this sense that I might suggest we could read Pascal's claim, noting in passing the intended irony when he suggests that even those who hang themselves serve their own happiness. At the very least, then, it doesn't seem to be the same happiness in all cases that is served -- we have to look deeper, at least down to way of the life, to get a sense of what kind of happiness we are dealing with. There are some happinesses only possible on condition of an unhappy life. 

But after all, there's a fundamental ambiguity in the term itself, right? It's not "celebrate," it's "tolerate." On the surface it expresses a cosmopolitan openness ("come on in,") but underneath it conceals social injustice, bigotry, repression (in other words, it also means "not so close.") 

For one thing, a "moralist" account kind of implies there is some transcendental law we could discover which would tell us, for instance, that it is always wrong to interfere in a sovereign nation's electoral process.