An annulment does not "break" a marriage, as does a divorce. It declares that the marriage never happened in the first place. In the early stages of the Dutch Revolt, the States General had remained loyal to the Spanish Crown. However, in 1576 the whole of the States General openly rebelled against Spain. From that point, right up until the Peace of Westphalia in 1648, at least a part of the States General was independent of the Spanish crown. 

It looks like you have part of the bowl of a clay pipe. Probably nineteenth century if I had to guess (based on what I can see of the size and shape of the bowl): In that context, as we have seen with modern natural disasters, populations might well have been forced to migrate in relatively large groups. A population of this type might provide a better match to the demographics we seem to see at Tollense. We know there was a high-status group in the Bronze-Age that have been characterised as a "warrior elite" on the basis of grave-goods like bronze swords and daggers that have been been recovered when excavating Bronze-Age burials. What is remarkable in the case of the remains excavated to date in the Tollense valley is how few show wounds consistent with those weapons. However, any children from an annulled marriage would still be considered legitimate in every sense, unless this had been declared otherwise in law. As Harold J. Berman observed: Curry, Andrew: Slaughter at the bridge: Uncovering a colossal Bronze Age battle, Science, 24 March 2016 

An alternative is to join the Thames Discovery Programme and take advantage of their free (at the time of writing) training opportunities. You can then join them and carry out archaeological work on the foreshore under their licence. (Most of the time you can keep what you find - surface finds on the foreshore are unstratified and so provide little additional information. However, there are exceptions - especially if the find is designated as being one of National Importance!). 

This meant that the married couple would revert to their previous legal status (the "wife" would revert to being a "spinster" if she hadn't been previously married). 

The programme offered by the Girl Guides was radically different from those being proposed by other organisations for girls at that time. For example, the precursors of the Girls' Brigade had the goal of: The reparation claims of the United States, the United Kingdom and other countries entitled to reparations shall be met from the Western Zones and from appropriate German external assets. To give you a sense of what it was like, if you were an army soldier on a public road, young boys would run up to you constantly and offer their sister for some pittance amount of money. If you accepted, you would be led to a house or shack nearby where she would be waiting, often a very young girl. The money you paid would be used to feed the whole family, but when you came you would only see the young boy and the girl. 

This is really a broad question which probably should be closed, but I will take a stab at it. Men: Men did all the sort of work you might expect. "Official" or state-sponsored jobs were somewhat more scarce than they are now, so men often had more off-hand jobs being handymen or what were called "hands", doing menial labor. There were a lot of bums, beggars and bag ladies, and there was no incarceration of crazy people the way it is now, so anyone with a mental disability just wandered around. They were called "fools". 

In another answer to the question it says "rocket-like weapons" were used at the "Battle of Sejo" by Mongols, a "fact" obviously pillaged from NASA's completely unsourced "history of rocketry". First of all, the battle is usually known as the Battle of Mohi which took place near the Sajo river, not the Sejo river. Secondly, none of the European accounts of this battle mention any "rockets" whatsoever. Thirdly, the Chinese accounts, which are only known from books written HUNDREDS of years later THOUSANDS OF MILES away in China, mention only fire arrows and "fire pots", which apparently is a reference to naptha bombs, a technology known to the ancient Greeks and Persians. Transforming hard-to-translate Chinese accounts of fire arrows, which are obviously second-hand accounts originally written in Mongolian into "rockets" is a typical example of how obscure sources are re-interpreted to create exotic origins for technology. This wild exaggeration is a typical example of how 20th century historians, most of whom cannot even read Chinese at all, uncritically have created this false mythology of Chinese (or in this case Mongolian) technology.