At the second stage, in regard to what you explained “… I have been inserting a tampon …”, at least it is good that it is important for you that you are endeavoring to avoid … (although it could be haram if it is harmful for your body), but you should pay heed that the punishment of this awful act (although without dokhul could be so larger than inserting a tampon. Consequently the best solution is endeavoring to avoid being a gay. Since according to Shia (and p think Sunni too) it is considered as a major sin with an awful Had. I suggest you to read the following tradition regarding that: Otherwise, the divorce apparently won’t be correct. 

Fourthly, on the whole, psychologist believe that attending on work for women could be led to lack of sufficient children training, therefore it will be a problem for the future of our children… Fifthly, I named it as a permissible practice, but at many of times there could be the fields of the different sins for them such as “looking or staring to the girls by boys” which would leads some sins… or even talking between non-mahrams which could be the start of …. Note: What I said, doesn’t mean that women must definitely stay home and …, no, I didn’t mean working is haram for them, but I named some ways which can be counted as the ways of sin by their attendance on work. Sixthly, many psychologist believe that working for women could be as a reason for the delay in getting married. How come? Since they’ll get the opportunity of getting a job for a man, then he’ll delay his marriage till find a job. Consequently I myself would not to go on work in order to help others getting marriage (if I was a woman) / then I’m strongly believe that Allah will give us a great bless (in our life) if the women ignore going on work due to the mentioned items (to make Allah more satisfied …) Conclusion: 

Firstly, I honestly appreciate your nice informative/applicable query whose at least benefit can be this that they should be aware that whatever they do (will do) is relevant the will of Allah … Yes, it is Wajib (mandatory) to reply that. Actually, based on the narration: it is Mustahab (recommended) to start by Saying Salam, but it is Wajib to reply that. 

Meanwhile, I assume it is not true to judge so by seeing people of everywhere..., otherwise for instance it can be seen in most Sunni countries that (almost) majority of women don't cover their hairs, but it is not related to the rules of their fiqh but it can be related to the degree of their observing in Islamic issues. 

The answer is that @American Muslim declared, generally (as a general Islamic rule), insects are considered as haram things that you are not allowed to eat them (Unfortunately many people used to eat different kinds of insects… especially in some of south eastern countries). But there is no problem in eating grasshopper (by observing some conditions) and you can eat it. And even I reckon there are some or many people (particularly Arab people) that still eat grasshopper as a halal food. As it is famous for Muslims, Masjid (mosque) is a place in which Muslims prayer there for Allah. Then there mustn't be another thing such as the temple of their ram (of Hindus). Thus as much as you can, it is your duty to prevent doing it. Since it would be offensive if this symbol of Shirk be in the mosque of Allah. 

In order to elucidate the issue, you ought to pay attention that marriage reception or Walimah (banquet ) is not a Wajib (mandatory) act, haply this is solely a Mustahab (recommended) deed as a Sunnah act. Hence you ought not to see it as a mandatory act. 

Oh, my God. At the first stage, it would be significant to know regarding the major sin of Lavat. In truth, it is counted as the worst sins. And it is mentioned as a major sin based on the Quran and hadiths. In the meantime it is declared that its punishment is more than Zina. For instance look at the following verses of the holy Quran: 

This narration is related to the following book: First of all, I suggest you to read the verses of Surah al-Nisa which are as shown in below (that are related to your question): 

In the meantime it is declared that the Hormat (being haram) of Lavat is more than Zina (as Imam Sadiq (a.s.) said such tradition as well). Besides, it is said that in such situation as you are, it is wajib for you to get married in order to leaving such haram act.