This is sort of a combination and customization of several commentaries I perused on the subject, being curious myself. As I am not directly copying any one of them I am not adding individual quotes. The two that most influenced my opinion here is Edersheim and someone called Arthur Sloman. Anyway, when thinking of the Eternal Son as the wisdom of God we run into the idea that the Son was eternally begotten of the Father. That is, the Son from eternity is the express image and word of the father, proceeding from him. Absolutely considered we can’t say that He was ‘formed’ so it seems when the Bible refers to the Son in this way, it is also looking at this with the eternal counsels of God’s will, in the future plan of incarnating the Son and saving the world, before he ever created it. In this sense the Son is both the ‘power and wisdom of God’, before the creation of the world. This is good, and pleases God our Savior, 4 who wants all people to be saved and to come to a knowledge of the truth. 5 For there is one God and one mediator between God and mankind, the man Christ Jesus, 6 who gave himself as a ransom for all people. (1 Timothy 2:3-6) First, an attribute of God is something true of his nature always. For example God is always present, wise, powerful, holy, all knowing, etc., but not always filled with wrath. Second, in one sense everything in scripture is an accommodation in that God's unknowable transcendent qualities and ideas are reduced into human language in order to 'accommodate' to humans. However a proper 'accommodation' is where the scriptures even apparently contradict themselves, in order to accommodate to our inability to understand otherwise. Therefore if God is represented as 'walking among us' naturally it is an accommodated way of speaking, not to be taken literally. Imagine a neutral force. If we were to stand at Niagara Falls we would stand in reverent awe at the power. If we walked along the grand canyon we would be in awe, and would not walk to close to the edge, as we would have a reverent majestic awe of the power of the situation. In the same sense to approach and all powerful God who has moved the universe on the cross, to reach us with an undying love and rescue us from eternal torments, if we were not to stand in great fear, under such a wonderful power, we must not have a clue about who God is. If we were to abandon a great salvation like that it would be like stumbling into a canyon as a fool. Love arising from faith is a fruit of a spiritual life by the direct working of the Holy Spirit in those whose hearts are filled with him. Therefore there is a spiritual loving influence that animates human affections within a Christian so that the fragrance of Christ is an accompanying aroma into the love of a Christian. The spiritual element is a communion with God whereby his divine loving nature brings the heat of his light into our emotions, so that our deepest yearnings become loving desires that are inexpressible even as our own sinful nature opposes that inward yearning of love. Human love has no additional sense of a spiritual holy realm diffusing it's life into ours. Human love is often mixed with the unholiest of passions and appetites within hearts driven about by their lusts like wild animals.