The Ticonderoga class was ordered in the 70s as a multi-mission guided missile cruiser capable of handling just about any mission a warship might be asked to do: air defense, tactical and strategic strike, anti-submarine warfare, carrier escort... It was built on the existing Spruance class destroyer hull. (Despite being a destroyer, Spruance destroyers were cruiser-sized; the destroyer/cruiser designation is more about role than size anyway.) 

This has the Czechs tearing through southern Germany in a week then sweeping south through France along the Swiss border. 

The Arleigh Burke class was designed to be a cheaper alternative to the Ticonderoga on a new hull with more potential for upgrades but with the same capabilities and still mounting the revolutionary AEGIS Combat System. In the early 90s the last Ticonderoga cruiser was commissioned, whereas the first Arleigh Burkes were just coming into commission. 

In the case of a smaller and/or faster vessel, the hunter may employ trickery to get close to its prey and grapple to prevent their prey from escaping. Two declassified Warsaw Pact documents give insight into their plans. The Warsaw Pact "Plan of Actions of the Czechoslovak People’s Army for War Period" from 1964 which outlined the plan for Czechoslovakia in the event of a NATO attack and Seven Days To The Rhine which is a response to a NATO nuclear first strike to cut off Eastern Europe from the Soviet Union. I've done everything in metric. As a crib for the Imperialists, 1 meter is about 1 yard. 

Consider that most nations in the 18th century did not have a standing army. Men were called up, served their time, and left. That means you either need to use skills they already have (in WWII this would be things like being able to drive and maintain a car) or you have to train them quickly only to have them disperse next year. 

The governors of both states agreed to let Congress resolve the dispute, and they split the difference. Later when Iowa became a state, the issue would come up again before the Supreme Court in Missouri v Iowa. They upheld the compromise line, and to make sure there was no further doubt about the border, they appointed two commissioners, one from Iowa and one from Missouri, to survey and mark the border with large pillars every 10 miles. 

In modern warfare, the greatly enhanced speed, firepower and control of units makes exploiting a gap a tactical possibility... though you still don't want to get bogged down in the middle. As the Thunder Runs of the Battle Of Baghdad it is a great risk and the penetrating unit can only survive so long without support. Even in the 21st century, soldiers do not like to be surrounded. They were not looking to get themselves involved in the fighting, nor to impose a new peace by force; that would go from peace keeping to war making. They weren't looking to be an occupying force nor enforce a Pax Romana. It takes a long time to train and equip an effective archer. Unfortunately I don't have a citation on how long, but to get an idea there was King Edward III's decree in 1363 "that every man in the same country, if he be able-bodied, shall, upon holidays, make use, in his games, of bows and arrows... and so learn and practise archery" so the King would have a population of trained archers to draw on whenever needed. 

First, because people have been throwing around answers like 350m and 500m (?!) let's go for an upper bound: Olympic archers are the best we'll ever do. They're the best trained, under perfect conditions, and they're using extremely accurate, but combat ineffective, Olympic bows. These have a fairly light draw, 20kg, and very light, very fast, and very narrow arrows. I'm not saying you'd want to get hit by an Olympic archer, it would hurt a lot, but they'd be ineffective in combat. Point is, this is the best we can possibly do. The British Empire (does not qualify) Similar to the French, they reached their peak after WWI in 1919 at 4.7 million km2 and immediately began to fall apart. First the Irish Free State and Egypt in 192 and Iraq in 1932. Silencers aren't silent. You don't just screw a thing on the end of a pistol like in the movies and get a little "PHOOT". They're more properly termed a "suppressor" reducing the noise and flash of the gun, but it still sounds like a gun. A good suppressor will reduce the noise to about 140 dB which is still extremely loud. Suppressors also come at a cost, reduced muzzle velocity meaning reduced range, accuracy and stopping power. There are a handful of actually silent guns out there, the Welrod pistol being the most famous, but this is a purpose designed weapon with many, many compromises for its level of silence. 

In modern warfare, the enlarged scale offers many more opportunities to exploit boundaries. The lines between strategic formations are often exploited. Many times in World War I and II, an army or national boundary was chosen as the target of an offensive. The, often correct, assumption being that communication and coordination between armies and allied nations will be poor. Because of the hierarchical nature of armies, the defending units on either side of the boundary may not be able to communicate with each other. They may not even know where their counterpart is located. The defending units may not have maps or transport beyond their own areas of operation, hampering their ability to support their neighbors. They may not speak the same language, use the same radio frequencies, equipment, ammunition, spare parts or fuel. They may not be able to call in artillery support nor air support from their neighbors.