The links have rivets in them which are hard to push out without a chain tool (and other tools can weaken the chain leading to failure, especially with a cockamamie way like you're trying). Given that a cheap chain tool is 10-15 dollars it's a worthy investment relative to the cost of a replacement chain. 

For the seat rail binder (aka seat fixing bolt aka the bolts you've photographed), Park tool gives a range from 174 - 347 in-lbs as the Shimano value, with some others requiring as little as 44 or others as much as 300. 

The PG-1070 is a 10 speed cassette, so you just need a SRAM 10 speed chain (PC 1031, PC 1051, PC 1071, PC 1091, PC 1091R) [KMC also makes some SRAM compatible 10 speed chains if you choose to go that route, but the SRAM chains are reasonably priced and might work a bit more smoothly, so I don't see a point in going non-SRAM.] You have way too much money (generally, people who buy top end equipment fall into this group). As for replacing the cable housing, you can either get your bike shop to cut a piece of housing of the right length by taking your old housing to them, and cleaning up the cut with a file + awl so its flat and the hole is completely open, or you can buy housing kits from companies like Jagwire and cut it yourself (but you will need a bicycle specific cable+housing cutter like Park Tool CN-10 or a dremel to cut the housing properly). There is a nice tutorial on how to replace your housing here. Another good page on prepping housing is here. 

Note that if you don't want to swap to a MegaExo BB, Shimano's Claris 2450 Crankset is an octalink crankset. And you may be able to take your current crankset and do some chainring swapping as well to get the desired effect. If a derailleur breaks on the road, you can try to find a gear combination such that the chain can be stably placed on a given chainring and cog and shortening the chain to fit on this combination. This question gives some guidelines on how to select that cog and chainring. Note that you should also check the wheel for damage -- depending on how the derailleur goes, you may de-tension some spokes or do other wheel damage. You basically need a chain tool and ideally a quick link/special rivet to shorten the chain. 

I'd get a new chain and use a chain tool next time. 

After market options include Jagwire BSA035 and Ritchey STI Barrel Adjusters and what not. To summarize the BikeRadar article: "Conventional Threaded: Standard 24mm external type (Shimano Hollowtech II [, Shimano Octalink], SRAM/Truvativ GXP, Campagnolo Ultra-Torque, FSA MegaExo, Race Face X-Type, etc), square taper, ISIS, BB386 EVO" can all be put into the same frame. As for why derailleurs break on the road, I'd say wearing out, being out of adjustment, bent or taking an impact would be reasonable causes. One can avoid some of these by not putting the bike derailleur side down and avoiding impacts to the derailleur. Inline barrel adjusters shouldn't need be glued or anything -- they're held where they are due to friction. The differences in chains are highlighted on their product pages, usually some of the metals used on some of the plates or a bit of weight. They may also shape the plates slightly differently to aide shifting performance. SRAM recommends the PC 1091 or PC 1091R for Red group use, but you can use the others as well. 

Your bicycle is probably as protected as its going to get when it comes out of the factory, so I'd suggest doing nothing (well, maybe crash less). 

Depending on the adjuster, you put ferrules on both ends of the housing and then stick it in the ends of the adjuster, or you put some ferrule-like adjuster on one side of the housing and then a ferrule on the other and stick both ends into the adjuster or similar. All of them will do something like this if you remove the tension and pull them apart. And you normally hold one part and turn the other. 

You will need a chain tool anyway when you get your new chain in order to size it appropriately; this link will give you appropriate directions. And if you have to install a special rivet (e.g. Shimano) to close the chain, you'll need a tool (*). 

To do the crankset swap, you'll need to put in the MegaExo bottom bracket and then install the FSA crankset (you can't just stick a MegaExo crankset into an octalink bb) [This will require things like adjusting the FD as well, but you'll likely be using your LBS to do this swap anyway, and they should take care of it]. Note that you may also want to get a bigger rear cassette to help with hills (this alone may be sufficient and significantly cheaper), or even switch to a bike with a triple (and less race-y). In the second picture, the second vertical link from the top is a quick link. You push the plates together (perpendicular to the table) and then push them in opposite directions (parallel to the table in the direction of the chain).