Though the above is the ancient historical consensus, there are divergent explanations. For example, the geographer and antiquarian Simon Staravolski wrote the following (1734): 

I would particularly note that the part of the Russia facing and within Poland was formerly known as "Black Russia" (Russia Nigra) in contradistinction to White Russia, which was a crown land of the Czar hence the noble part of Russia. This consideration alone I think eliminates the animal explanation as a red herring and reinforces the dominant view (of Voltaire, et al) that the White refers to the noble or Czarist part of the country. 

The age of the old testament The age of John the Baptist The age of Christ The age of the Christian Empires The age of Tyranny Where the time since the vikings (850 AD) is the current age, being a time of secular kings who have "degenerated" away from Christianity in the view of Erasmus. 

In large castles the standard method for preventing this kind of attack is to put an iron gate in front of the door. This prevents any accumulation of wood from being placed directly against the door. Also, such gates, like block houses, always have overhangs with down ports so that water can be poured down onto the gate. 

Compare and contrast with these from the Rochester Bestiary, circa mid-thirteenth century: 

1) Unfortunately, surviving records are too fragmentary and incomplete for the entire lineage of the Princes of Gothia to be reconstructed with certainty, let alone accurately dated. 

The castle itself was actually known by several other names, such as "Castle of Avoch" after the nearby village, or "Douglas Castle" after its owners. Hence it was the name of the hill, not the castle, which provided the source of the Scottish peerage titles of Ormond. 

- Herlihy, David. Medieval Households. Harvard University Press, 1985. 

From this, the late David Herlihy calculated that: 

Nonetheless, the earliest available information on this subject probably dates to about the 8th Century. Around this time, surveys of estates began to appear that documented - with varying completeness - the households living off those lands. Of the surviving records from Medieval France, the largest and most famous is probably the Polyptych of Irminon, a survey of almost 2,000 properties in Saint-Germain-des-Prés. 

The historical weight of livestock is mainly determined from archaeological studies as well as records of butchery transactions, and reveal significantly smaller farm animals than today's. See for instance the following figures: 

Of course, in the absence of a tape recorder, nothing is proof beyond a shadow of doubt. Yet, history is the study of the recorded past. To dispute Edward's bequest, an argument should at least address what the primary sources say and explain any differences. Not just conjectures based on random websites. 

Can someone explain a heavy cavalry charge? A bunch of 500kg animals smashes into a dense crowd of men at speed of 40km/h. This simply cannot end good for neither side. Let's say the charge fails. The front ranks of the infantry are definitely dead. But what about the front line of the horsemen? Wouldn't they be thrown off from the saddles, flying over the battle-line (and into the enemy ranks, where they would be cut down or trampled by advancing cavalry? Isn't it a suicide to be the horseman in the first line, even if the charge is successful? 

Interested in Early medieval ages to late medieval ages 

And what happens if the charge fails, the infantry doesn't rout and the cavalry loses its momentum. How can they safely maneveur out of the melee, when they are surrounded and deep in the enemy ranks, the horses might be injured and have hard time moving in all the armor, while there are piles of bodies below them, slowing down their retreat? 

Edit: Additional questions: How does cavalry maneveur out of a failed charge? Do the horses disengage right after the first line of the horsemen touches the enemy line? What about the horses that are in the second and third lines, who keep pushing the front line forward into the enemy?