I personally can attempt to provide a detailed philosophical explanation of the above tradition based on metaphysical principles that govern hell and heaven according to Mulla Sadra's metaphysics, but I reserve an extensive answer for a separate, more focused question in case you are interested. But generally one doesn't need to know beyond one commonly-accepted assumption about heaven and hell to go past these negative judgements which is that Paradise is a realm where everything comes in perfect form, hence the ability to enjoy things without bore or degeneration or decay. 

This perfection depending on its particular objects is inevitably communicated in religious scriptures with concepts of perfection that we humans normally use to refer to this-worldly instances of perfection and wholesomeness, such as virginity for women, despite the fact that there's a substantial difference between, for example, this-worldly virginity and next-worldly feminine perfection. This is in brief because next worldly manifestations of perfection are not natural things, but through association we tend to think of next worldly things accounted in scriptures as natural things that have been somehow stretched beyond their normal limits, and this way of thinking in combination with some common anti-religious or anti-Islamic prejudices (such as the assumption that those accounts result from salacious aspirations of a backward tribal society) result in the kind of knee-jerk interpretations that renders those accounts sound ridiculous, but these assumptions are far removed from the highly intellectual interpretations of Muslim traditional meta-physicians and mystics . 

There's nothing perverted about this. The problem with this analyst (and the likes) is that he compares paradise to our worldly perceptions and conditions within which heavenly possibilities indeed seem ridiculous and absurd. There are however profound philosophical explanations for heaven and hell thanks to the efforts by Muslim Philosophers such as Mulla Sadra. But the reason most Muslims and even scholars are not aware of these explanations is rooted in the historical distaste of mainstream/Sunni scholasticism for philosophical explanations of religious doctrines. However in countries like Iran, religious scholars who are well versed in Islamic metaphysical tradition provide persuasive answers to these questions. Hadith commentaries are the equivalent of tafsir books when it comes to hadith sciences. 

In al-Bahr al-Moheet of ibu Hayyan al-Andalussi, I found the following statement: It has no direct link to supernovae, however this meaning can't totally be rejected. 

The mufassirin said that a part of the shari'a of Adam, was that a man couldn't marry his "twin" sister (more exactly a sister with whom his mother was pregnant beside him) ... which by conclusion makes Adam a naby and rasul. He began with Muhammad because of what is narrated by Qatadah from al-Hassan (al Basry) on the authority of abu Hurrairah: that the Messenger of Allah peace be upon him was asked about "And [mention, O Muhammad], when We took from the prophets their covenant and from you and from Noah ..." he said: I was the first being created and the last being sent. 

First of all this verse shows the three kinds or ways the revelation of Allahs words reach a (human) Messenger or Prophet (not any person in general). Or how a Prophet or Messenger will receive Allahs words. In Sahih al Bukhari narrated by 'Aisha and Anas ibn Malik 

(and his wives are their mothers.) Allah the Almighty honored the wives of his Prophet (prayers and blessings of Allah be upon him) by declaring or calling them as mothers of believers; in the means of the order of honor, benefaction, aggrandizement and the prohibition for marriage for men and they shouldn't be seen by them unveiled in opposite to (real) mothers. It was said that as their compassion was similar to that of a mother they have been put in the same position. This maternity doesn't oblige inheritance as it would be the case for as the (real) maternity. And it is allowed to marry their daughters and they shouldn't be declared sisters of people. 

which shows why this happened, and that not all of them were following this wrong shari'a and therefore not all of them were bearing this burden. But iron is considerd as a gift of Allah which we find on earth and we have been given the guidance to use it the right way (good deed) or bad way (bad deed). What type of questions where they asking? Iron sent down? Does the word "anzalna"/anzala" really translate to "iron"? (or (that) He sends a Messenger to reveal what He wills by His leave.) as Jibril, peace be upon him, and other angels came down to the Prophets, peace be upon them. 

(My own translation of the quote take it with care) - - - 

First of all you should know that the Messenger of Allah (Peace be upon him) warned his companions not asking too much (for details) as did banu Israel, so that their ahkam (of shari'a) became "difficult" to apply. See for example in Sahih Muslim. 

Some scholars also refer a similar saying to our Prophet (peace be upon him) (Here an Arabic Fatwa about the qualification of these ahadith).