Reincarnation is not in accordance with the Qur'an or Sunnah. In Islam we believe in the hereafter, meaning we die in this life and and are brought back to life in the next. The concept of reincarnation is that someone dies and then begins a new life in a new form. Islam rejects this concept, we believe that when we die we go to the Barzakh and we stay there until The Day of Judgement. Furthermore the concept of reincarnation basically means one doesn't die, just begins a new life in a new form/body, but Allah says: 

This I do not know, whether there is anything to support it, and Allah A'lam. There are blessings in doing Salat on him, but i do not know anything about it being part of what to do when going to sleep. 

There are ninety-nine names mentioned in the Quran, and in authentic Ahadith, anything other than these names are weak or fabricated. 

For further information, see this (Arabic). 

The sciences which deal with checking a Hadith's authenticity fall under Uloom Al Hadith (The sciences of Hadith). An example of one of the sciences which deal with checking the authenticity of a Hadith is Al Jarhu Wa Atta'deel. Ajjarhu Watta'deel (or Ilm Rijalul Hadeeth), goes through the sanad/chain of transmission and sees the states of the narrator, whether they are trustworthy/righteous or not, whether they are accurate (whether in memory or written form or both) or not and so on. 

I do not know a Hadith saying to do this when going to sleep, but it is narrated in Saheeh Bukari that when waking up to pray the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him) used to recite the last ten verses of Surat Al Imran. 

Lying outside of these three (exceptions) is haram/forbidden. Furthermore I would like to point out that even if a lie is told in these three situations, it shouldn't be a lie that brings trouble and problems, in other words be harmful. 

and to try to bring people together 

So The Sunnah is an explanation/tafseer for the Quran, if you want to find a ruling you go to the Quran, but then you go to the Sunnah, and just like one cannot stop at the Quran, one cannot stop at the sunnah, and hence must go to how the Sahabah understood and implemented it. So the main point here in my answer is that the Quran and the Sunnah are two connected inseparable sources in Islam, in which rulings can be deduced (mind you, there are more than two, but I will just mention the Quran and the Sunnah here). I pray my answer is clear, and I apologize for it's lengthiness. 

'The person who (lies) in order to conciliate between people is not a liar, when he conveys good or says (something) good 

Lying is forbidden except in three instances, and they are: 

I passed by two graves the occupants of which had been undergoing torment. I liked to make intercession for them so that they might be relieved of this torment as long as these twigs remain fresh 

It is narrated in Saheeh Bukari that those who recite that last two Ayahs of Surat Al Baqarah they will be enough for him for that night. 

There is a list of supposed names of Allah in the Haidth, but this list is inauthentic and hence should not be listened to. The scholars who reject this list (in the hadith) as inauthentic are, at-Tirmidhi, al-Baihaqi, ibn Hazm, al-Dawudi, ibn Taymiya, ibn Katheer, ibn Hajr, al-Juwaini, ibn Baz, al-Albani, ibn Uthaimin and Abdul Qadir al-Arnaut. 

It's purpose is to keep Islam safe. Ajarh Wa Atta'deel is Fardh Kifayah, which means it is required only on some not all, Fardh Ayn means it is required on all Muslim. 

And it is important to note that this is a point of difference among scholars, so you have some saying that it is recommended and some that is not. The most correct is that this was specific to the Prophet ﷺ only, and that he ﷺ did it as intercession from him. 

Information for the book: 100 Fabricated Hadiths 

Furthermore, the Quran is not meant to be an encyclopedia, and hence does not contain details on how to do things. Like Salat for example, about 90% of salat is not in the Quran. And hence, one will find rulings/orders in the Ahadeeth that isn't in the Quran, and it is an obligation on us to follow these orders/rulings from the Ahadeeth/Prophet. (We must follow His sunnah in regards to religion, in general).