Note: there are theories of violence; for example the doctrine of just war; or in Weber, violence is a monopoly of the state - domestic (police) and foreign (army). 

Heaviness is a feeling - it feels heavy; it has a subjective character - I feel that this suitcase is heavy; it is phenomenal - until I pick up that suitcase it won't feel heavy. Being angry, for example, isn't phenomenal - I can't hear, or see or smell something that makes me angry; this isn't to say that listening to someone libel me won't make me angry, but here it isn't the phenomenal experience of sound that is causing the anger, but what is being said. 

Hegel answers the problem of duality here by taking it all the way back to the origin: where being and non-being are different but also identical. 

The Brain-in-a-Vat, using the language of 50s pulp science fiction, vividly demonstrates the dilemma confronted by Descartes, and earlier Al-Ghazali; and in between Avicenna, with his floating man argument: 

But in the intuitive mind the principles are found in common use; and are before the eyes of everybody. One only has to look, and no effort is neccessary; it is only a question of good eyesight. But it must be good, for the principles are so subtle and so numerous that it is almost impossible that some should escape notice. 

One can say, pace Epicurus, Qualia is not found in matter. 

To take a prosaic example: I show you a bag, and say that inside this bag there is some money; you opens it and you look inside it and see that the bag is in fact empty; so you say 'I thought you said there was some money in there'; and I reply, 'well some is a number, and a number could be zero; and in fact, here, it is zero'. 

He considers this as not fact, as such; or beyond contesting; he introduces the possibility that chance plays a part during the life of natural kinds; and not at the beginning: 

For example, Kant has Objects impress themselves on the Sensibility as Sensation; this Sensation is what is called Qualia, and notably Objects are ontologically more basic here than the Sensation they cause; in that ontological relation one could call Sensation illusionary - but that gives, I would suggest the wrong impression ie they are not real. 

As a possible counter-argument you could use Rawls veil of ignorance which he used in his construction of utilitarian ethics in a Kantian mode: 

This argument violates the background assumption that in discourse of this kind that some means not nothing and not everything. 

Compare this to the contemporary notion of the universe arising by a quantum fluctuation; a mechanism for said spontaneous event. 

Here we see him make the link with the predicate calculus. 

One reason to think of algorithims is that one can do things with them. Crucially this aspect is missing from intelligence seen as algorithmic. 

The categories are the most general notion of concept, like quantity, quality, modality & relation. They are a priori, that is inate, and thus not concieved as such, that is we do not need any mental effort to use them, and were present from ones earliest age. Concepts perform a link between our perceptions and the categories, they are 'active' and thus require mental effort, and thus require concieving. It is a representation, because y idea of a book, is not the book itself, in fact there is no such thing, and nor is it any particular thing. This action of representation, or perhaps in language that is now more familiar, abstraction, is what 'enables us to think'. 

There are other alternatives; for example: 

By the same token, if someone's grain is ruined on the threshing floor, this does not mean that the rain fell for the purpose of ruining the grain: it is just a coincidence. So what is wrong with the idea that the parts of natural things are like this as well? 

Thus it seems that while he thought he could explain phenomena such as the heat or warmth of a living organism, as well as its movement and rest, by appealing to relatively familiar materials and their relatively familiar properties, he did feel the need to introduce a mysterious additional kind of substance so as to be able to explain sense-perception, apparently on the grounds that “sense-perception is found in none of the named elements” 

Again I'm not sure what you are asking an explanation of. 

Consider the following --we don't know how our universe originated, we don't know what its fate is, we don't know with any certainty our own afterlife, if such a thing exists, and we don't know whether or not our own personal lives might end at any given moment due to circumstances beyond our controls. Those are all things that are true even if we assume material reality exists just as it appears to. Given that, the search for meaning is hardly any more difficult if material reality is an illusion. In fact, it might actually be considered easier, due to the fact that some common options --pursuing material wealth, for example --would be revealed as dead ends. 

The main difference between the terms "artistic" and "aesthetic" is that the first is a term from natural language, while the second is intended to be a technical term with an exact philosophical definition. In practice, however, neither term is well-defined. Beardsley's own definition holds that an aesthetic experience is the gratification experienced upon correctly and completely experiencing an aesthetic object. However, this definition is arguably circular, or at the least, dependent on some prior definition of aesthetics.