Of course you are not advised to contradict your teacher:-) What I recommend is to use some criticism to what you are taught, and read Sienkiewicz novels, for example, to complement what they teach you at school. Just try Sienkiewicz. You will not regret. Most of the action is on the territory of the modern Ukraine. This is a fiction, of course, but this is much closer to history than what they teach in the modern high schools. And then just think yourself: who are his heroes: "proto-Ukrainians", "proto-Poles" or "proto-Lithuanians"? According to the main authoritiy on ancient astronomy and astrology, Otto Neugebauer, astrology was introduced to Hellenistic world from Babylon. (If you not know who he is, look at this Wikipedia article http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Otto_Neugebauer). Here is what he writes on Egypt in general: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greek_and_Roman_artillery#Use Exact sciences in the modern sense of this word originated in Ptolemaic Egypt and other Hellenistic states, and reached very high degree of development. Few first class works survived, like Euclid, Apollonius and Archimedes, but there is a lot of evidence that this is just a tip of the iceberg. For example, almost all writings of Hipparchus, "the father of astronomy" are lost. We know about them from the account of C. Ptolemy who lived 3 centuries later. Or look at the "Antikythera mechanism" on Wikipedia and elsewhere, to get some evidence of what was lost. 

There is no other sane means to do it. (These simple tools, in an advanced form, remained in use by surveyors for thousands of years, as the surveyors chain and theodolite, until recently replaced by GPS and modern digital devices.) Even more frankly, a military incompetent like Hitler can only rise to command armies of millions in an environment where an extremely effective general staff, and even more talented general officers, exists to hide his mistakes for several years. To the best of my knowledge and research, no such combination ever existed prior to the formation of the Prussian General Staff in the 1800's. But, you say, just pre-calculate a table of ranges and elevation angles for each weight of missile. That sounds fine, until one remembers that this is an era when less than 5% of the population is capable of reading simple text, let alone complicated and concise artillery tables; and even fewer are numerate. There is no printing press, so each crew lead would likely have been required to make his own copy of the tables during his training. As part of learning how to read these tables, and of copying them, and of how to correct and then calculate them, he is by definition entering the intellectual elite of your society. As paper and ink and tutors and training time are expensive, any sane commander will only recruit individuals for such training who can demonstrate true talent for the work, and who are useful during training as effective crew members. How does one properly select artillery crew then? One takes the largest 1/3 or 1/4 of the available men, and then takes the smartest 1/3 or 1/4 of those. 

Update #2 - The Conquest of Gaul: In Chapter 5 (of my translation) Failure in the Alps (57 BC), 4th paragraph, Caesar writes: Update: Wikipedia has good articles on Cartographic Projections 

The Charge of the Heavy Brigades (Household and Union) at Waterloo is another classic example of how to employ this stratagem to effect. Both D'Erlon's I corps and the British heavy cavalry are effectively hors de combat for the remainder of the afternoon, but the consequent limiting of Napoleon's options buys Wellington more time. 

Presumably this would be ancient Rome during the early Empire. The best numbers available come, I think, from Augustus' official autobiography. The English text can be found here. In paragraph 8 he says that in the Empire-wide census of 14CE "were counted 4,937,000 of the heads of Roman citizens". Now, it seems to be a vexing questions for historians what this number actually means - some think it includes women and children, who could not vote. Also, a great number of the citizens didn't live in Rome so could not vote. EDIT2: The modern high end estimate for Athenian citizen population is the work of Mogens Herman Hansen who developed what he calls "the shotgun method". A brief summary of the figures I was relying on can be found here. 

Another thing to bear in mind is that under Roman law a new citizen (a freedman or a foreigner) took the nomen of the Roman who had sponsored his enfranchisement. So, for example, practically all Gallo-Romans were named Julius Somethingus. Of course, it is rather ironic that absolutely nothing hinged on the result of the elections at that time. 

How many voting citizens resided in Rome then? Well, in paragraph 15 Augustus goes on to say: "I gave to 320,000 plebs of the city HS 240 per man". So, I'd say 320,000 is your brutto number. How many of those actually bothered to show up for the elections? I don't know; to judge by modern participation ratios, it could be as few as 20%, i.e. 64,000. This is a good example of the use of history for political propaganda. The fact is that Claudius Ptolemy (astronomer, who probably worked in Alexandria in 2 century AD) could read Hipparchus. And we cannot. A legend says that one of the Ptolemy rulers tried to buy (from Athens) original texts of Aeschylus, Sophocles and Euripides. Athenians refused. Then he asked to borrow them to copy. Athenians agreed, but required an enormous security deposit. He payed the deposit, and did not return the original manuscripts:-) 

The usual general attitude of professional historians to revisionist history is ignoring it. Except some publications specially written to refute it. What your teacher teaches you is unfortunately a complete nonsense and political propaganda. There were no "Ukrainians" until the 17 century, and the notion of "proto-Ukrainians" (as people who lived of this territory) is unscientific. 

Who were Adam Kisiel, Jeremia/Yarema Wisniowiecki, Ivan Bogun and Bogdan Khmielnicki? All proto-Ukrainians? Or some of them were Proto-Poles? And why?