A definition, when widely accepted becomes a tautology. It becomes trite, since both sides of the definition becomes terms accepted in themselves; so when they are put together like this it seems nothing new has been said or added. Looking at the definition of a point today, one easily forgets the early & turbulent discussions of the atomists when this definition was forged. For example Plato supported infinite divisibility in the Timaeus against the atomists. I found this collection of four essays useful in interpreting the text, locating it historically in the tradition and offering a defence; it includes a translation of the text; which does means though altogether it comes in over 200 pages. To make this clear - if I look at a chair without the Understanding all I see a mass of shapes and colours in space. It is pure sensation (intuition). By supplying the concept chair I make that pure sensation intelligible. On the other hand having the concept of chair without any sense-data is to render it contentless - it remains an abstraction. 

Spinoza does nothing so 'silly' as proving God. He clearly understands this is something that is of the order of being unquestionable and/or unprovable. His treatise after all is called Ethics, and he is grounding a conception of ethics in a particular style of reasoning on his ontology, as he clearly states in the subtitle: demonstrated in geometrical order. This, in summary is empiricism and Humes answer to it - '[it has] come to nothing'. So he goes on to a different tack: 

Are they oxymorons in the terms set and outlined by traditional or untraditional aesthetic theory? 

According to Kant the thing-in-itself or noumena is strictly hidden from us and phenomena are conditioned by the categories of the mind such as time, space, causality amongst others. These categories allow for the possibility of experience. This is simply saying we shouldn't confuse the immediate experience of space with the concepts that we use to talk about it; this actually has been important in both physics and geometry, especially because of the popularity of the Cartesian notion of describing space, where one imposes a system of axes and then gives the coordinates of space; instead, when we look at space we see no cartesian grid, taking this cue leads to the notion of general covariance in physics, and describing geometry intrinsically. Kant is NOT talking about formal mathematical logic. Existence and attribute is much more than the syntax embodied by a formal language. Generally speaking truth values are asserted in a model that interprets this formal language. This is where perhaps where ideas of existence and attributes may fit in with classical model theory. In your example you're implicitly interpreting the formal language into the English language. You still have the problem of extracting what is exactly meant by attribute and existence. Phrasing it in formal logic doesn't change matters. 

Similarly We cannot say that the noumena causes nor does not cause phenomena because causality is also a category of understanding. 

One can see from this that he rescues causality - and thus rescues empiricism. He also shows that though we sense only fleeting sensations, and at bottom we are only a bundle of sensations, that bundle, the self also has a reality. He calls this the unity of consciousness. Finally, he founds morality - at least theoretically on a rational principle. 

My own thinking on this is that mathematicians from antiquity had already recognised the lack of neccessity in the parallel postulate, and that this shows that they already understood Euclidean geometry wasn't a priori as then constituted. That it took millenia for this insight to be incorporated in the main body of mathematics as refutation alongside the discovery of non-Euclidean geometry is a mere side-issue from this essential insight. 

Also time is a factor; what is rational in the short-term may be irrational in the long-term; and the reverse is possible too. the beginning of terror, that we are still able to bear, 

But he doesn't demolish metaphysics completely - he is providing a critique and a coherent grounding: 

(Note: The translation is by Leishman in the 1930s; he translates Dasein by existence and resisted the temptation to replace existence by Being - as Rilke uses the common german Dasein for this - to bring out echos with Heiddeger; but this would be anachronistic). 

Hume being a radical empiricist denied the reality of substances - it cannot be perceived. Further, axiomatisation is sometimes thought as the beginning of exact knowledge, which in a sense it is; but also it consolidates in an efficient & consistent manner accepted knowledge. 

He's elaborating here what he means by a pure intuition - it's an 'a priori intuition'. Finally, which is something incidental to your question, but I can't resist mentioning, is that a great deal of Spinozas understanding of God is much closer to mainstream Islamic rather than Jewish Or Christian Theology. Since he was from the Portugeuse Jewish diaspora after the collapse of the Islamic Amoravid kingdoms in Iberia, it seems only natural to suspect some influence in that direction. Then I might have cause to think that this suppose has a presupposition behind it. 

The event marks Ireland to a before and after; tt also marks the sacrifice of Christ; the two events linked poetically elevates the executions into crucifixion and martyrdom. 

This to me, makes it very plausible, despite the large secondary literature which says otherwise, that Gauss was directly influenced by Kant in guiding his attention to discovering a consistent non-Euclidean geometry by opening the possibility that there could possibly be one. How then can one say that 'beauty is terror' or that 'a terrible beauty is born'?