("⌈A⌉" is used to refer to the sentence A. This can be done with Gödel numbering.) There is something which is a king of France, and it is the only such thing, and it is not bald. On the other hand, you can tell that an argument is invalid if you provide a counter model (i.e. an interpretation that makes the premises true and the conclusion false). But if the argument is valid you would never find such a model. An important thing to note here is that the guy you quoted takes the ontological argument to be talking about god as a predicate rather than as a name of an entity. There are other possible approaches. We could deny that time is composed only of instants or even claim that instants have a certain finite duration. If true, these also show that the argument is not sound. This seems to me a form of Genetic fallacy, in which the conclusion, e.g. of rejecting A's statement, is based on something relevant to A but not to their statement, e.g. on what A has done in the past. That is, in this fallacy one evaluates the maker(s) of the statement instead of the statement itself. Along these lines we could look to calculus to get a precise notion of speed at an instant so that it doesn't come out 0/0. In this case we will find out that the arrow has a certain speed at every instant of time. I think the key word here is "discovers", specifically present tense and not past or future tense. That essentially implies that Mary is in fact—right now, presently—in New York. As I summarized in a comment below, for this work problem in a basic textbook, I think it's appropriate that we infer the least implications, i.e., not include an in the future implication as a possible interpretation of the original premise. I think if the book authors wanted to write "in the future" they probably would have, and it would have made the answer clearcut (i.e., there would be no entailments). But the fact that they left it out suggests either they wanted the opposite (an entailment such that A entails B), or they wanted everyone to be confused. As pernicious as some school textbook authors may seem to be, I think it's reasonable we can assume they did not intend the latter... :P Has necessity really harmed science? More importantly, as a scientist myself, I also don't see how the use of necessity has harmed science at all; on the contrary, I think it has been a profoundly useful guide in separating fact from fiction so as to arrive as close as we can to the truth. Also, "necessity" is not at odds with "possibility"; I don't see a conflict there at all, and find that science is all about both. Vinko Vrsalovic suggested about this paragraph that it's the same or equivalent to "It is inconsistent as seen from a logical framework." to quote Lennart Regebro's answer. I disagree. Consider this example: I have the power to jump off a high building, cut my wrists and crash my car into a wall at 100 MPH. But I don't do these things because I chose not to. Or suppose I had the ability to tread water forever. That doesn't mean I must always demonstrate that power. Or to put things another way, God has the power to break the rules of logic, but for whatever reason doesn't. Whatever his purposes may be, they do not include the need to make a stone he cannot move. But (1) has nothing to say about (2) and vice versa, so you need to add another proposition. Perhaps: If you buy into inductive logic, flying horses do not exist because their is no evidence for them. We can never be 100% sure of that statement because a single counterexample would invalidate all other evidence, but we can be mostly certain which is good enough for most purposes.