... and Baculus - the chief centurion who was disabled from several wounds in the battle against the Nervii - came running to Galba ... and told him that their only hope of escape was to try their last resort, a sortie through the enemy lines. ... More notable than the timespan quoted is that the Gauls had time to "begin to demolish the rampart and to fill up the trench" while the battle progressed to its climax. That certainly was more than the work of just a few minutes. Another standard use of this stratagem is the use of light cavalry to cover a retreat. The light cavalry charges through the gaps in the infantry line and engages the enemy long enough to allow safe disengagement by said infantry. Next the cavalry disengages and reforms some hundreds of yards back to freeze the enemy advance, before itself withdrawing. No Napoleonic or Frederickian commander could be regarded as competent who did not have this tactic in his kit. With the development of magnetic compasses (to determine North) and sextants and astrolabes (for measuring latitude) larger territories could be mapped. If you look at maps from the early Age of Exploration you will see many maps that in some ways look remarkably accurate, while simultaneously looking distorted to our modern eye. Part of this distortion results from the longitude problem that wasn't fully resolved until the mid-18th century with the final award of the Longitude Prize by the British Admiralty. Update: Here is a modern satellite photo of the two ports. Although Euclid is renowned for his compilation of the axioms and theorems of plane geometry, most if not all of this material had been known for centuries. With these mathematical tools, and the use of strings and simple pedometers and protractors, remarkably accurate maps could be drawn by the ancients for territories that were relatively level and pace-able on foot. Even in land-locked territories, it seems likely that early mapmakers would have realized that the Earth is not flat from the observation that the angles of a triangle increase slowly and progressively beyond the 180 degrees predicted from planar geometry. This is incorrect - Horses cannot safely eat grain unless it is mixed with high-cellulose forage which is completely inedible to humans. As trains, planes, and automobiles enabled more people to easily journey further from regions they knew well, road- and trail-maps became increasingly popular and inexpensive, resulting in the great popularity of municipal air-photo maps in the 1960's, with every house marked by a small black rectangle. Certainly there were no wrist watches, or even chronometers, on any of the battle participants, so time spans must be taken with a grain of salt, but it certainly must be clear that both sides thought it completely normal for weary combatants to step out of the line occasionally to rest. And further that the lengths of time that soldiers of the period could sustain active combat was substantially greater than the 2 to 5 minutes proposed elsewhere. This concept is actually regarded as one of the key advantages of the Roman Manipular line of battle compared to the Greek Phalanx. When the front line of maniples were starting to tire the 2nd line would advance through the gaps between the first line. This would be repeated through the course of the battle, slowly pushing the enemy backwards with each leapfrog.