Anselm presents his ideas through a conversation between himself and an interlocutor named Boso. Anselm and Boso do not typically cite their sources when quoting from the Bible, and the wording they use doesn't always match modern translations. Below, the Bible quotes are all directly from the text of Cur Deus Homo, not a "standard" translation of the Bible, but the links point to the NABRE. 

Personal attributes and activities The Holy Spirit is seen having attributes and performing activities commonly attributed to persons. For example, he is called the Helper or Counselor and performs the activity of bearing witness in John 15:26: 

That said, as the quote above from Jesus makes clear, animals are considered inferior to people in the Bible. There are many places where God sanctions the eating of meat, for example, and animals are extensively used for ritual sacrifices and labor. But the Bible does not condone reckless abuse of animals, specifically forbidding a number of types of animal mistreatment. 

John 10:18 No one takes it from me, but I lay it down on my own. I have power to lay it down, and power to take it up again. 

He also refers to the "insult" that man gave God in the Garden of Eden (Genesis 3), when he "allowed himself to be conquered" by the devil through "persuasion alone," and thereby acted "contrary to the will and honour of God." In order to repay God for this insult, man must now do the opposite: being weak and mortal, he must "conquer the devil through the difficulty of death, and in so doing to sin in no way." But there's a problem: man is "born in sin" (cf. Psalm 51) and cannot accomplish this. (1.22) God recognizes man's incapacity, but since it is self-inflicted, his punishment should be increased, not reduced. (1.24) 

Here Anselm reflects the language of Deuteronomy 32:35 ("Vengeance is mine and recompense"), which is repeated in the New Testament in Romans 12:19 and Hebrews 10:30. (1.19) 

If the Holy Spirit is the power of God, then this would read, "And Jesus returned in the power of the power of God to Galilee," and the first "power" would be redundant. Other examples of this include Acts 10:38, Rom 15:13, and 1 Cor 2:4. 

Grudem thus interprets Christ's death and resurrection as similar to his concept of death and resurrection of believers: that the body dies and remains in the ground, while the soul/spirit immediately goes to heaven. Then, later, the soul/spirit is reunited with a resurrected body. 

The death of the God-man outweighs all sins. Finally, the satisfaction is achieved by the death of the God-man. Anselm argues that the God-man's life is worth more than all sins, and that thus his death outweighs them all. (2.14) Against the challenge that the sin of killing the God-man cannot be outweighed, Anselm responds by citing 1 Corinthians 2:8 ("if they had known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory"), arguing that the killers' lack of knowledge rendered the sin less severe, and thus it too was outweighed by the God-man's death. (2.15) 

The Gospel of John also indicates that the Holy Spirit is distinct from the Father and Son, through its language of the Father (John 14:16) and Son (John 15:26) sending the Spirit: 

Simultaneously, the God-man must be willing to make the sacrifice. Anselm cites Isaiah 53:7 ("He was made a sacrifice, because he willed it") and John 10:18 ("power to lay down his life and take it up again") to argue that Jesus did in fact sacrifice himself voluntarily (2.17), and contends that other passages, like Philippians 2:8–9 and Matthew 26:39, do not contradict this understanding (1.9). 

There are several more passages referenced by Anselm, but they are best explained in the context of his entire argument. A summary of that argument, along with additional Scripture references, follows. 

Matthew 6:12 and forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors 

Relationships with other persons A number of passages indicate that the Holy Spirit is in a coordinate relationship with the Father and Son. Thus, if they are Persons, then so is the Holy Spirit. For example, Matthew 28:19: 

The "Helper" language is also used in John 14:16 and 16:7, and scholars argue that this word cannot be considered to be merely "the name of any abstract influence."3 

Other examples of this include 1 Cor 12:4–6, 2 Cor 13:14, Eph 4:4–6, and 1 Peter 1:2. 

Grudem, "He Did Not Descend Into Hell." JETS vol. 34, no. 1, p103–13; also available in his Systematic Theology (582–94). Piper, "Did Christ Ever Descend to Hell?" Interview, 2008-03-03. 

In challenge, Boso refers to the language of Matthew 6:12 ("forgive us our debts"), and wonders why man must simply forgive without repayment, but God cannot. Anselm responds: 

God cannot forgive sin without punishment or satisfaction In 1.12, Anselm argues that God cannot simply overlook this debt that mankind owes him: it would be against his nature to do so. In such a case, sin would "slip by unregulated." Anselm says that "everyone knows" that righteousness is rewarded by God (cf. Deuteronomy 5:33), and on this basis argues if sin is neither paid for nor punished, it is not subject to any law (1.12). Furthermore, he says, "nothing is more intolerable" than sin, and therefore, "nothing [...] is more unjust to tolerate than the most intolerable thing" (1.13).