This is more of a personal issue with you and your husband and should be taken up between you and the elders in your families as is the custom in Islam. 

It is forbidden in Islam to marry anyone (man or woman) without their will. There is no such thing as a sanctioned forced marriage. This has been mentioned repeatedly in various hadith: 

Mehr is not something that is given "at the time of divorce", but it is a condition of marriage. 

In some cases it it deferred - by that I mean, not paid at the time of the contract signature, but this is again clearly mentioned in the contract the amount and type; and it is considered a debt on the husband till paid. 

Finally, she (not her parents) should do istikhara so that the confusion from her current state can be clarified by Allah. 

I believe what is meant in the hadith you have mentioned is guidance in choosing mates for their daughters. If you have to decide between someone, choose the person that is religious and pious versus someone that has wealth, beauty or other qualities. The same guidance has been given to men when choosing wives: 

If you read the tafsir behind this ayat: 

Marriage is encouraged. You can find references to it in the Quran; and the proper ways to marry are also outlined. In our Holy Prophet's (PBUH) time there were many unspeakable ways how the people would marry between them and even how they would treat their partners this is when our Holy Prophet (PBUH) declared for the those who believe the rights of partners and the method and specifics of marriage. 

However, you should not marry unless you have a partner of your choosing, who you believe can be a faithful partner for you. In Islam, forced marriages are strictly forbidden and no one can be married against their will; so there is that protection for you as well. 

I cannot speak to why your marriage was nullified, but this statement caught my attention: 

It is clear that forced marriage is not allowed. 

Also, we don't have to wonder if a forced marriage is allowed or not: 

It is not implied in the hadith that ignore everything else about the match and simply marry the most religious man to your daughter against her will. 

Further, it is a condition of the nikah that there is free will and consent from all parties. 

In marriage contracts it is clearly written the amount of mehr, and how is it disbursed (for example is it in the form of cash, property in the wife's name, jewelry, etc.) and it is typically given at the time of signing of the contract. It is also clearly announced when the contract is being signed and is witnessed. 

May Allah give her patience in this time and strength of will - and bless her parents with guidance. 

The answer to your question is yes; you can perfectly remain single and be committed to your faith.