Information on record scorers by country is available on Wikipedia. What is the most red cards a referee has ever issued in one game of European football? Min. 100 Caps: Min. 50 Caps: Min. 25 Caps: With the table sorted by Goal scoring ratio, the highest goals per international game meeting the minimum national caps is listed below: Example: Team 1, Team 2, Team 3, Team 4 are in a group, After the group stage finishes, you evaluate all four teams against A, B and C. If the criteria of those three rules has not determined a single group winner -- say Team 1 and Team 2 are tied based on A, B and C's criteria -- then the teams (Team 1 and 2, referred to as the teams concerned) need to be further evaluated by d, then E, then f, then g, if necessary. Assuming Wikipedia's data is accurate. If, after ranking the teams based on the criteria described in A, B and C, there still at least two teams that are equal (i.e., there is no distinct winner of the group yet), those teams then need to be compared further to determine the top team in the group. As of Law 3 in the FIFA Law Book, there cannot be less than 7 players of a team, on the field during play. In effect, a maximum of 4 on-field players of the same team can be dismissed. Once 5 on-field players (substitutes do not count) of the same team are red carded, the match ends. If the referee has red-carded 4 players and all 7 substitutes of each team (22 players in total), the game can still continue, provided there are no further red cards to players of either side. The law (for continuation of the game) however, states only the on-field players. There is no limit to the number of red cards that can be shown to the substitutes on the bench, the manager and the coaching staff. Also, red cards can be handed to the on-field players/substitutes/coaching staff after the game has ended based on the referee reports and video analysis (wherever applicable). The record for the most red-cards handed out in a single match is during a fifth tier Argentinian league game between Claypole and Victoriano Arenas, where 36 red cards were shown. Example: Team 1, Team 2, Team 3, Team 4 are in a group, With the table sorted by Goal scoring ratio, the highest goals per international game meeting the minimum national caps is listed below: Information on record scorers by country is available on Wikipedia. Min. 100 Caps: Min. 50 Caps: Min. 25 Caps: If, after ranking the teams based on the criteria described in A, B and C, there still at least two teams that are equal (i.e., there is no distinct winner of the group yet), those teams then need to be compared further to determine the top team in the group. What is the most red cards a referee has ever issued in one game of European football? After the group stage finishes, you evaluate all four teams against A, B and C. If the criteria of those three rules has not determined a single group winner -- say Team 1 and Team 2 are tied based on A, B and C's criteria -- then the teams (Team 1 and 2, referred to as the teams concerned) need to be further evaluated by d, then E, then f, then g, if necessary. There is no limit to the number of red cards that a referee can give, though the game would be stopped as soon as there are less than 7 players of a team remaining legally on the pitch. As of Law 3 in the FIFA Law Book, there cannot be less than 7 players of a team, on the field during play. In effect, a maximum of 4 on-field players of the same team can be dismissed. Once 5 on-field players (substitutes do not count) of the same team are red carded, the match ends. If the referee has red-carded 4 players and all 7 substitutes of each team (22 players in total), the game can still continue, provided there are no further red cards to players of either side. The record for the most red-cards handed out in a single match is during a fifth tier Argentinian league game between Claypole and Victoriano Arenas, where 36 red cards were shown. The law (for continuation of the game) however, states only the on-field players. There is no limit to the number of red cards that can be shown to the substitutes on the bench, the manager and the coaching staff. Also, red cards can be handed to the on-field players/substitutes/coaching staff after the game has ended based on the referee reports and video analysis (wherever applicable).