Berkhof points out that as theology developed, the theology on the Covenant of Grace preceded the theology on the Covenant of Works. Once all of the figuring out was done by theologians, the Covenant of Works was logically placed as having come first. Jesus ties it all together. What anyone actually believes, in their heart of hearts, is only known to themselves. If someone does not believe or accept that dogma sincerely, but keeps that doubt to themselves, there are not grounds for censure, nor for excommunication -- the problem of heresy does not arise. Paul didn't demand this message; the message Paul got was a gift from God (possibly "undeserved" given Paul's previous opposition to Christians) that fulfilled God's purpose. The willful decision to ignore the message sent via doubting Thomas in Scripture -- Scripture is God's word to us -- via the Faith handed down to us from the Apostolic age to now = Pride and Arrogance. The Covenant of Works established by God was not adhered to by the other party. Why didn't He give you, or me, or an unbeliever Paul's experience? Two ways to answer that question. You can sometimes work your way back to "why did someone do something?" and so we learn that God did send Paul the message that way for a particular purpose: to get him to apply his considerable energy and talent for Christ. It worked. God did pass his instructions to Samuel (and all of the other prophets ...) CCC 1857 For a sin to be mortal, three conditions must together be met: "Mortal sin is sin whose object is grave matter and which is also committed with full knowledge and deliberate consent." When dealing with the Almighty, it's even more difficult to discern if that is even possible. (See above, CCC ref, about God being "ingraspable" and otherwise mysterious to humans). Entire books of the bible are devoted to the prophets. One example (often used in homilies and teachings by Catholic clergy) is Samuel (From 1 Samuel 3) If you, or I, or an unbeliever tries to demand a particular form of grace from Him ... good luck with that. What your question amounts to is: "If I were God, I'd have done it this way..." You're not God and God does it His way. We are called to open our hearts and trust God. Doubting Thomas was chastised for having the wrong attitude. (See John 20:25-29, below). You and I don't know that he didn't and that someone completely missed the message. A variety of people over the years have reported profound spiritual experiences, some of whom are mystics, others of whom have shared or experienced a more basic conversion experience. How do you or I know that such an experience wasn't the divine message (like the message to Paul) for that person? We don't know. The condition of life precedes death arriving as a possibility for them It takes a bit more than having difficulty with one element of belief to turn away from God, however. Doubts have plagued believers since the faith began. St Augustine and Mother Theresa are but two whose diaries reflect the challenges, the hard road of picking up that cross and following Jesus. Sins can be distinguished according to their objects ... or according to the virtues they oppose, by excess or defect; or according to the commandments they violate. ...