Is it then love - Number Theory being the material incarnation of a mathematicians embrace and adoration of Number? 

It looks like you're referring to the Everetts many worlds interpretation of Quantum Mechanics. This is a solution of the wavefunction collapse, where one can say a measurement has been made. This possibly requires a little elaboration. Further, zero is often called the identity, or (very much) less often the neutral element in mathematical circles. Is that a telling coincidence, rather than simply a curious one? The philosophy of mathematics is definitely not mathematics; one can learn a lot of mathematics without knowing any philosophy - consider it as a carpenter who learns how to use his tools; so there is an artisanal quality to it; and a good carpenter knows how to use his tools well. 

Consider too the first statement in Wittgensteins Tractatus, which relies on philosophical thinking on propositions (facts). 

Some more evidence from Structuralism, by Sturrock: Probability has a quantitative definition, intuitively through frequency of occurrence. It was noted that in other algebraic systems, the same pattern persisted: you had internal operations which characterised that individual instance of that kind of algebraic system, and an external addition. Now these external additions for each category of algebraic systems were different, and the problem was to come up with a uniform definition. Eventually it was noticed that defining this external addition with reference to every other algebraic system of its kind gave a uniform definition (it generally called a universal property/definition) and furthermore, the definition did not directly refer to the internal structure of any of these systems, but rather how they related to each other (called a morphism in category theory). 

I'm sure, but without proof, that Cantor was aware of this, hence his mystic leanings towards the absolute infinite, an idea, which had been possibly conditioned by Hegel, and perhaps platonism (I don't know if he was that way inclined). One would suspect so, since his emphasis on consistency being the sole judgement of mathematical character. 

Similarly with physics. I can recall just how shocked the students were when a professor seemed to posit a particular idea without justification, prior proof etc; it seemed like magical thinking to them. This was in an advanced class - quantum field theory. (He was the manifestly the best lecturer, gathering a sustained round of applause at the end of his course, an honour not accorded to any other lecturer by the student body). for all x, y [for all P ( Px <-> Py) -> x=y ] By mathematical entity I mean a number, say 3; or an algebraic system such as the group of rotations of the square or the ring of natural numbers; or the category of varieties (a variety is an algebraic system with a fixed number of operations). It could also be a circle, or the category of all manifolds. It could be set theory axiomatized in ZFC. 

'Badiou employs two different regimes: being/the ontological/set theory and appearing/logic/category theory.' Mathematicians learn about mathematical truth by learning their tradition, and it being verified by their peers - in this perspective truth appears to be socially conditioned. On a related point, although the synthesis of logic, set theory & geometry appears exciting and wholly novel, philosophically speaking it's already apparent in high school mathematics: propositional logic, set theory, and venn-diagrams. Its simply the sophistication is several magnitudes higher and much more tightly woven, but from an objective point of view, that is outside of mathematics proper, this additional sophistication isn't relevant. On the other hand, taking an entirely formal point of view seems (to me) deeply unsatisying. Its an interesting/entertaining point of view, granted. This is a new way to take seriously Von Neumanns dictum that it is the quantum logic that is essential in QM. Its far too early to say how important the results are though. The philosophical concept you're looking for is foundationalism; it hasn't always been neccessary - after all arithmetic was done and number theory pursued for two Millenia before a foundational movement took hold. 

But in fact there is more, if two objects are not the same, but isomorphic, they may be isomorphic in more than one way - one can then compare these two isomorphisms, and so on. This leads to an infinite progression. In infinite-dimensional category theory this very expanded idea of equality is the one used.