The apostle John clearly gives the answer in this verse: The question, however, really centers on what happens to those who reject Jesus. The answer to this does not differ based on whether one is a Jew or Gentile, though. Paul speaks of the one who does not work, but believes--that person's faith is counted as righteousness. Thus, faith is not a work, but is contrasted with works. 16 “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life... 18 Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe is condemned already, because he has not believed in the name of the only Son of God. John 3:16, 18 ESV So, from one perspective (but not all) that takes a literal reading of Scripture, anyone can become a Christian--a mass murderer, a rapist, a thief, a greedy person, an adulterer, or someone who practices homosexuality. Once a person has come to Christ, though, God desires them to live a holy life and indicates that certain things should no longer be practiced. • He died for your sins. (Heb. 2:9) I know some people may tar all Charismatics and Pentecostals with the same brush, but the reality is that 'Spirit-filled' is a description that crosses nearly all denominational boundaries and soteriological perspectives (eg there are Charismatic Catholics, Anglicans, Lutherans and Baptists and there are even some 'Reformed' believers who claim to be 'continuationists'). A legitimate critique should be focused on particular groups and their associated doctrines and praxis - to lump all in together is unhelpful and obscures the reality of the situation. **also (OT) atonement more generally - why should we have "without the shedding of blood there is no remission of sins"? For Evangelicals, "receiving Jesus" can be considered to be functionally equivalent to one or more of the following: By way of further explanation: • He is available to every person who will believe. (Rom. 10:13; John 1:12.) If you believe these truths and have followed the guidelines: The question, however, really centers on what happens to those who reject Jesus. The answer to this does not differ based on whether one is a Jew or Gentile, though. 16 “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life... 18 Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe is condemned already, because he has not believed in the name of the only Son of God. John 3:16, 18 ESV Paul speaks of the one who does not work, but believes--that person's faith is counted as righteousness. Thus, faith is not a work, but is contrasted with works. So, from one perspective (but not all) that takes a literal reading of Scripture, anyone can become a Christian--a mass murderer, a rapist, a thief, a greedy person, an adulterer, or someone who practices homosexuality. Once a person has come to Christ, though, God desires them to live a holy life and indicates that certain things should no longer be practiced. • Have a repentant attitude—a willingness to turn from your sin and be willing to live a new life for God. (Acts 3:19) • Jesus is God, one part of the Trinity, one part of the Triune Godhead. (Col. 2:9,10; Heb. 1:5-8.) • He is now seated at the right hand of the Father in heaven. (Heb. 10:12.) • Jesus is the Son of God, born of a virgin, born of flesh and blood. (Matt. 1:18; Matt. 1:23.) • He died for your sins. (Heb. 2:9) **also (OT) atonement more generally - why should we have "without the shedding of blood there is no remission of sins"? • Proceed by admitting you are a sinner in need of a Savior. (Rom. 3:23,24.) • Now confess your sins to God. (1 John 1:9.) *by this I mean that the 'essentials' of the story (no death before the fall, death comes as a consequence of the sin of the progenitors of the entire human race) are literal, overly literalistic obsession on minor details is not necessary.