— History of the Prophets and Kings » Battle of Khaybar This hadith was documented in several other books, but mostly history or autobiography books, rather than books of hadith. The classification of all versions are either weak, very weak, or fabricated. Last but not least, the following hadith was documented by Al-Bukhari in Al-Adab Al-Mufrad: — Al-Adab Al-Mufrad, Book 21, Hadith 4 The hadith you mentioned can be found in Al-Mo'jam Al-Kabeer by Al-Tabarani, in Sunnan Ibn-Majah by Ibn-Majah, and in other books: Thawban said: "O Messenger of Allah, describe them to us and tell us more, so that we will not become of them unknowingly." He said: entered the fortress of Ibn Abi al-Huqayq, the Prophet ﷺ called for Safiyya bint Huyayy ibn Akhtab and another woman [her cousin]. Bilal, while taking them over to the Prophet, took a path that had some of the slain Jews, the woman with Safiyya screamed, struck her face, and poured dust over her head. When the Prophet ﷺ saw her [the woman with Safiyya], he said: References Al-Mūqidha in explaining the science of hadith (Shams ad-Din al-Dhahabi), Arabic version. — Al-Mu'jam as-Saghīr, hadith 606 — NOTE: My own translation, so treat with care: For the sake of mentioning other opinions about Ibn Humaid, some scholars considered him weak but without further elaborations (e.g., Ad-Dāraqutni, Ibn Hajar, Adh-Dhahabi, and Al-Bukhāri), other scholars considered some of his hadiths acceptable — depending on whom said hadiths were narrated through — (e.g., Ibn Hibbān and Ibn Hanbal), while others considered him acceptable at large (e.g., Abu Ya'lā, Yahya ibn Ma'īn, Ja'far ibn Yamīn at-Tayālisi, Mohammad ibn Yahyā adh-Dhohli). It is important to note that the classification of highest, middle, and lowest levels of tābi'is has nothing to do with their character or their dependability in hadith narration. It is related to the number of their teachers that were from the companions level. For example, Sa'īd ibn al-Mussayib studied from over a hundred companions, whereas Al-Zohry studied from less than ten companions. But both in terms of the science of men are of the highest authenticity levels as narrators. Always repent Islam offers us a practical set of teachings. The target is to never sin, but this is practically impossible, so Allah offers us a way to correct previous mistakes, and have such sins discounted. This is through repenting, which is comprised of regretting one's action, asking Allah for forgiveness of past sins, and resolving not to commit such sins again (and to mend what was damaged if the action involved other people). If we do not sin, Allah would replace us with a group of people that sin then ask for forgiveness and be forgiven: