In contrast, approximately 25% of all Jewish southerners owned slaves. 

Graham's book was sufficiently popular to go through 11 editions. Missionaries and colonists carried it, and other books like it, to the far-flung dominions of the British Empire. Thus the early 19th century appears to be a period when new knowledge on the healthiness of vegetables was introduced to traditional eating habits. 

Rowan, Carl Thomas. Breaking barriers. Old Dominion University Academic Television Services, 1991. 

When the nascent United States adopted its own currency standard, the original one dollar was based on the aforementioned Spanish dollar. The customary unit of two bits of the Spanish dollar thus became 25 cents of the equivalent United States dollar. 

To the United Kingdom, the German Empire, the French Republic To Austria, Mexico, Russia, Spain, Italy, China, Brazil With the exception of Liberia, $4,000 (Source: Turner, A.J., Legislative Manual of the State of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis.: Atwood & Culver, 1872) 

- Rodriguez, Junius. The Historical Encyclopedia of World Slavery, Volume 1, ABC-CLIO, 1997 

It is true that Tripoli threatened war twice in February, on the 8th and 16th. Specifically, on the 8th the Bashaw threatened to declare war within 40 days, upon the arrival of incoming presents form Algiers. 

I'm not sure there's any need to look too deeply into motivations. Prejudice against the foreign and the dissimilar are not particularly uncommon attitudes in human society. Japanese immigrants, who began arriving in continental United States in the late 1800s, were just another Asian ethnicity facing discrimination in contemporary California. The Chinese were categorically banned in 1882 for instance, which actually created the demand for Japanese migrant labour in the first place. 

It is a very small leap to go from Democratic Republican Party to simply Democratic Party, and the latter term also grew in popularity. This mirrors earlier developments at Pennsylvania, where the 1828 state convention was simply named the "Democratic Convention", for example. It is also around this time references to "the great Democratic Party of the Union" began to crop up. 

It could well be the case that if we normalise for all other factors, we will find no statistically significant difference between Jews and the overall population in terms of slave ownership. Without accounting for all factors, this becomes a case of (as @TomAu pointed out) comparing apples and oranges. 

- Baumgartner, Frederic J. Declaring War in Early Modern Europe. Palgrave Macmillan, 2011. 

In all honesty I'm inclined to think his numbers were manipulated chosen specifically to inflate Jewish participation in slavery. 

John Willoughby's "distressing account of an undisciplined and marauding mob" (according to a review) discuss this in the immediate post war years, citing Morris MacGregor's Integration of the Armed Forces. 

This erroneous date may have came about because Cathcart wrote on the 26th that, if the Bashaw refused his terms, then "war is inevitable". 

In contrast, there is only one 42nd parallel (incidentally part of the border between New York and Pennsylvania, which is fixed, simple, and objectively determinable. 

That salaries were inadequate and fixed for long periods despite rising costs were a continuous issue. For example, in 1816 the American Ambassador to the Court of St James's, John Quincy Adams, wrote to then Secretary of State James Monroe that: 

He found men there to persuade him, that a caucus of eleven members of Congress was a more suitable body to bring out a candidate for the Presidency, than a National Convention of Delegates - the representatives of the great Democratic party of the Union. 

[I]t may be presumed that $2,500 is considered by Congress high salary. The experience of every one who has ever been in the consular service, or who has lived abroad in a private capacity, shows that in most cases this is utterly insufficient. 

- Schuyler, Eugene. American Diplomacy and the Furtherance of Commerce. New York, 1886. 

We also have several eyewitness accounts from his presidency involving Reagan denying being racist in private conversations. For instance, Carl Rowan reports of a lunch with Reagan in 1988 during which the president said: