Note that doubling the previous raise is different than doubling the previous bet. If I were to bet 100 and you raised to 300, someone could raise to 500, even though it would take 600 to double your bet. Honestly, I prefer either a larger bet to maintain control of the hand, or a similar bet to the one you made, with the intent of 3-bet shoving. You're a coinflip with almost any legit hand in the villain's range (the hands that have you crushed are AA/KK/3x and all are fairly unlikely, both from the perspective of combinatorics and from the perspective of likelihood that a villain gets to the flop with them in this line). You gain value in the dead money when many of the hands you are flipping with fold to a flop 3-bet, and it more than offsets the loss for the times you are beat. I'm iffy about your flop bet-size. There are not many hands that you are worse than even-money with on that board. Represent the strength that you have so that your decisions later in the hand are easier. A half pot bet looks like you are just c-betting to c-bet. In limit games, the only raise amount allowed is the big blind during preflop and flop play; double the big blind during turn and river play. First, a look at ranges: I think he has AA/KK/Tx/88/33 here no more often than he has JJ or a busted draw (to the straight or the flush). And sometimes he'll turn up with utter crap. So if we say it's an even money bet, we're getting good odds on a call. I'd throw the Harrington on Hold'em books in there as well for No Limit Hold'em tournaments, but Al G already mentioned them, so there's no need for repetition. Second, let's look at history: You noted in the comments that Villian has not let a pot check around. Also, he way overplayed a couple of face cards, a low pair, or worse in the TT hand. Finally, his play feels as though he is trying to act strong, which fits the classic "act strong when weak" tell. Given the flop as played, I am ok with the call on the turn, so long as you are planning to call any river. Your line screams weakness, and could easily be seen as a missed flush draw or as a weak Q. Given this, he has very little reason to expect you to call a big bet on the river, and could do it with any pair, as well as a lot of air. He could also be hoping against hope that this will get him value, but if that's the case it's good to get the read here and now about how he plays his monster hands. Ultimately though, your play makes your hand look very weak. Since you have under-represented your hand through the small bet on the flop and just calling the tiny turn, you can't give up on the river without more information on this villain. As noted in the comments on the question, one place where the definition of what constitutes a minimum raise is in the situation where a three-way pot occurs with the smallest stack acting third and shoving all-in for less than a true raise. That is: Player A raises to 300, then B raises to 500, then C shoves for 599. If A calls, then in most casinos the only options B has left are to call or fold; since no one made a full raise after his last raise, he is not permitted to raise again. Had C shoved for 600 or more, many casinos (but not all) casinos would allow B to raise again. The correct minimum raise in big bet games (no limit and pot limit) is to increase the amount of the bet by the amount of the previous bet (e.g. double the previous raise*), or to raise all-in if you do not have enough in your stack to actually double the previous raise. Reference: http://www.learn-texas-holdem.com/how-large-is-the-minimum-raise.htm