College rankings sort of matter. NFL power rankings don't at all. 

These lists are compiled, and posted on major sports websites. Until this year, these polls were factored into the computer rankings that determined which two teams would compete for the national championship. This year, four teams will be selected to compete, and these polls may or may not factor into the decision making process. So in 4-2-5, you have 4 down linemen, 2 linebackers and 5 defensive backs in this setup. This is a setup where you are expecting the pass, and have confidence in your linemen to get pressure on the quarter back. This requires a great deal of good will from both your NFL and MLB teams (and obviously sufficient star power in both sports for them to be willing to let you have this much flexibility). 

Basically what has to happen is a defensive player commits a safety in the end zone. It's more common in college football as PAT attempts can be returned for 2 points. It happened as recently as the 2013 Fiesta Bowl. This is something that both Sanders and Jackson shared, both were very good at both sports to the extent that teams were willing to let them do both even though they had to sacrifice a roster spot to a player who would not be there 100% of the time. Anyone can put together a power rankings. Generally the major ones are a single, or small set of journalists ranking the best teams. There have been two men in recent history who have managed to play both professional baseball and professional football at the same time. Deon Sanders and Bo Jackson. Additionally, there is a specific excpetion for the holder on a scrimmage kick The one point safety on the Defense suggested in the previous response may only occur during an Extra Point try by the offense, it's result is the same as a successful extra point by the offense. 

While it can be viable as an every down defense in college it is relegated to situational football in pro defenses in favor of more traditional 3-4 or 4-3 setups. Until 2002, the Super Bowl was always played in January, and the Winter Olympics almost always begins in February. Now that the Super Bowl is played in February, the events are closer. Since 2002, the Winter Olympic Opening Ceremonies has been scheduled for a Friday, and the Super Bowl is always scheduled for Sunday. In addition, since both the Super Bowl and the Olympic Opening Ceremonies are worldwide television events, it is unlikely that they would ever schedule both events for the same day. Wikipedia has a list of NFL win-loss records for each of the current 32 NFL teams. The tables on the page include all games that each team has played in, including regular season and playoffs. Sorted by win percentage, combining the regular season and post-season tables, through Super Bowl LI (2017), the best team is the Dallas Cowboys, with a win percentage of .572, and the worst team is the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, with a record of .389. In some instances, teams will line up a defensive lineman as a fullback: 

NFL.com just put out an article discussing the statement by the NFL on the play. The author mentions that the NFL doesn't overtly say the officials made the right call and there wasn't sufficient evidence to overturn the initial ruling: Also note that if a ball is fumbled behind the line of scrimmage, an offensive lineman could pick up the ball and commit a forward pass. But again, this seems like a terrible idea. 

The four that have a hybrid fullback: 

So for your first question, the ball must be moving closer to the opponent's goal line than where it started in order to be a forward pass. Only one may be attempted each play. Any player who is deemed a runner is eligible to pass. This includes most offensive players except for the offensive line (i.e.: center, guards and tackles). Players would have to report in as eligible receivers in order to be considered eligible to pass. For example, if an offensive tackle report in as eligible, he could technically pass the ball (although this seems like an awful idea). 

This year (2017), the NFL has made a rule change again; this time, it has relaxed the excessive celebration rules. Players are now once again allowed to use the football as a prop, to celebrate on the ground, and to engage in group demonstrations. Offensive or prolonged celebrations, or demonstrations directed at an opponent, are still against the rules and will result in a penalty. 

If we say that a home Super Bowl would be one that takes place in the same metro area as a team, then two teams have had a home Super Bowl. 

The theory is that crowd noise hurts the offense and helps the defense, which is most critical on 3rd down, where the offense is usually facing their last chance for a 1st down. 

The replay official is supposed to let the ruling on the field stand unless there is "indisputable video evidence" that the wrong call was made. 

Common games in the NFL tie breaking rules are games that teams have with common opponents. For example, let's say that Team A and Team B are tied and are both in the running for a wildcard spot in the playoffs. Looking at each of their 16-game schedules, they have each played Teams C, D, E, and F at some point during the season. These are the common games. Team A beat teams C and D, but lost to E and F, for a common games record of 2-2. Team B beat D, but lost to C, E, and F, giving them a record of 1-3. Team A wins the tie breaker and goes into the playoffs, and team B is finished.