What should I do in cases like this? Should I remove the dull part completely or should I keep it? Synecdoche New York - Charlie Kaufman I tried that myself. In my story, my protagonist is researching about the subject of animal suicide. She goes to her university's Animal Behavior Class but is told by her teacher that animal suicide in an inappropriate subject, not suitable for a classroom. A subject like war, terrorism, and genocide. A teacher won't say this in real life of course (this is an exaggeration of the follow-the-rules atmosphere of educational institutions). If you have a fetish, you shouldn't be ashamed of it. I was wondering if it is a bad practice to combine third-person narration with first-person narration without using he/she thought, she/he wondered, etc (and just using italics instead)? "That's right," Benjamin said after a moment. "Did you feel the earthquake last night?" This is a sample of non-cliched sentimentalism: Does this happen to a lot of beginners? How to overcome this problem? The first half isn't about Steve Job's dressing. It's about how Drew Huston is dressing like Steve Jobs. I think he was simply implying that Dropbox's CEO was dressing like the late Steve Jobs and/or wanted to emulate him. You can draw on the power of the ancients for magic? great. 2) Either build your world or introduce characters, but not both at once. In David and Leigh Eddings's Belgariad and Malloreon pentologies, we start with one boy who has one aunt and one adult friend, the aunt's father shows up, and then the band collects more members one by one as they leave the small farm and go out into the wider world. Each person is distinctive and has a part to play, and the Eddingses either introduce a new setting/city or a new character, but not both at the same time. Ramsay Snow/Bolton, another all-out GoT villain, skinned people alive, chopped off bits of his prisoners, tortured them mentally and physically, sent his dogs to hunt people down and tear them apart, committed rape, et cetera. (He’s even worse in the books. On the show he at least has the actor’s physical charms.) Again, it was for his own gleeful pleasure — in fact, his father, a more cold-blooded pragmatist, scolded him for being tactically stupid with his excesses. Writing software is only useful if you find it so. Different writers have different needs, so they will use different tools. Asking other people doing the same thing as you what they find useful is perfectly reasonable. I'm writing a short story. The main character is visited by a strange black bird during the night (first draft): Yes, I think the internal monologue in the passage above is a clear example of telling (which could be good or bad depending on the situation). Personally, I tend to avoid internal monologue as much as I can. Here are some methods I use (plus examples taken from my own writing): So, don't think too much about it. Just write. It's very easy and effective to turn gory and serious subjects into humor. In fact, that's the reason black comedy exists. Apparently, humans find these stuff funnier because it helps them to channel out the fear/embarrassment they have tramped inside (think sex jokes). I think I read somewhere (I don't remember where) that it's unnecessary since I already have an action tag at the beginning (so it's clear who is saying the line.) Your villain’s wants can be just about him/herself, or they can be about a nation or empire etc., or a religion/deity, but someone due for chunky salsa karma will have nothing for the audience to appreciate or identify with. In your piece, the character has no idea if the bird is male or female, or even real, so "it" is appropriate. ETA To address @what's comment: Writing software can come with a lot of features which writers may find more useful and flexible than writing on paper. To wit: Some people work better with absolutely bare environments. Some want all the bells and whistles. Some want LaTeX markup. Some people find mind-map software really useful and others find it overwhelming. So as long as you don't strain your minimalist explanation with maximalist results, you should be okay. Each person can do one thing at a time, or maybe each person can only tap one kind of magic: sure. That's reasonable. You don't need to go into details about how you contact the gods or which gods bestow which power etc. It's when It Just Happens becomes Dei Ex Machinae Happens that you need to prop up the Dei with worldbuilding.