Most (at least those who pedal more than 5 miles per ride and have been riding for more than 1 year) use some form of spandex with padding below the shorts. Doesn't happen. The hands and elbows in modern MTBs are very very wide compared to the shorts and at the same level/height with the shorts. If something is to catch, it's the hands/handlebars/elbows/shoulders first. Never the shorts. If you like going fast and flowy on very rough terrain then your knees will have a lot of work to do. Feet and knees will get more tired. Whether they are injured depends on how long you'll keep pushing in that situation. Regarding injuries from falls, you'll fall more (than having a full susp.) only if you don't slow down a bit in order to compensate for the nervousness and instability of the hardtail when going fast in rough terrain. Wearing spandex only, yes, it's a cultural thing. You'll only choose the rear wheen travel based on what you want to do. For example if you want to do downhill racing then 203mm is the norm. Whichever brand and frame you choose will come with a rear shock installed which has very specific size specifications, e.g 9.5x3 (that is eye to eye and shock travel in inches) and even if you wanted to change the rear shock you'd have to go with those specs. Yes, your knees. In order to ride comparably to a full suspension you need to be more skilled on the bike. A lot of people with full suspension bikes who are serious about their riding also ride hardtails in order to gain that skill. The bike is more accurate and immediate because it transmits everything on you and translates all your movements into action. It doesn't forgive errors. So you are no longer able to easily go fast and safe. Thus you need to go a bit slower in order to be safe. Theoretically they are not. One could design a pivot system which would give 180mm of rear wheel travel with a 18mm shock travel. This would not work correctly though. Nobody likes mud in their eyes or mouth. A middle setting generally is a safe start. Count the clicks you have and just set it at the middle. In that setting start riding in trails that you know well so you can get a feel of the suspensions. If it seems to work well then leave it like that. You cannot have a single rebound setting that will be the best for you in all terrains. Thus you'll either want to find a generally good setting that will work in the most places you ride at, or fiddle with it whenever you change terrain or riding style (dh vs dirt jumps). I suggest you aim for the first, at least for 6-12 months of riding with your new hardware.