To begin with lets start by defining what the three parts of man (and woman) are: 

Why would the Spirit experience the wrath of God? What would be the purpose of punishing the Soul for eternity if it had no memory of being informed about the Grace of God and yet rejecting that free gift of God? If Jesus did not have the power to take up his own life again, how would he ever have the ability to give eternal life to anyone else? 

Beyond that we see God parting the red sea, for Israel, and drowning Pharaoh's Army in it. In the above passage what you will find, is that Jesus has promised that he will give salvation to his sheep. Jesus used the example of a shepherd because the people were familiar with sheep herding, and he also referred to those being saved as his sheep. 

Luke 19:10 For the Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost. 

Together the Soul and Spirit will either experience the Grace of God or the wrath of God. 

Unless Jesus were God and not just a good man all of these would be hollow promises, since salvation is of God: 

In the above passage Jesus is telling us His power is given to him by the Father. Jesus not only claimed to have the power of God but he also demonstrated it, in that passage. Exodus 31:2 and 3 See, I have called by name Bezaleel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah: And I have filled him with the spirit of God, in wisdom, and in understanding, and in knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship, God stopped the Rain for three years, at the behest of Elijah. The veracity of Jesus claim is found in the Old Testament. Particularly in the Book of Isaiah, which is most descriptive, and also in many other Prophets from many years before his birth, which is foretold in Isaiah chapter 7: Then the first time God brought rain upon the Earth He caused a flood which Killed all life except Those animals he saved and those eight people aboard the Ark. 

So let's look at Jesus in the New Testament. 

Mark 2:17 When Jesus heard [it], he saith unto them, They that are whole have no need of the physician, but they that are sick: I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance. 

Here Jesus is telling us that one day we will see him sitting next to the Father who is Power. Before describing those three concepts, I will firstly explain why Christianity* should be regarded as Monotheistic (versus Pantheistic) in character because God is transcendant over His creation: 

Moving on to briefly outline the three more comparable concepts: 

The bible tells us that suffering and death entered the world (and persists in it) because of mankind's sin - that is, our deliberate rebellion against God's perfect way of doing what is right. Sin is massively problematic, not just in it's short term effects (immediate victims), but in it's long term consequences (for instance, our very identity becomes limited by our warped behaviour) and also the fact that, by it's nature, it excludes from (our) consideration the Great Source of Life, Truth and Healing who could remedy the situation - the loving Heavenly Father and Creator that we have rebelled against. Suffering (and ultimately death) is both a consequence of sin, but also a judgment against it - God uses it to discipline, restrain and ultimately stop us from multiplying sin and wickedness indefinitely. If God were to 'just forgive us', it would not solve the underlying problem of the sin nature in us - we would continue to sin more and more and continue to suffer the consequences for doing so. The fundamental problems to solve, are our separation from God and our sinful nature. Jesus' physical body died. His spirit went on. When we die, our spirit lives on. Therefore, we say He died, just as we all die. 

The Bible says, "All who live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution."3 It says we enter the Kingdom of God through much distress,4 and that we were appointed to afflictions.5 The short answer is that without the possibility of disobedience, there is no obedience. 

This is one of the great philosophical questions to which there are many answers given. There are several possible reasons for any given instance of suffering, which all add up to suffering as a whole. The final answer is "because it serves God's purpose", but since that seems unsatisfying, let's look at a few other things. Paul also spoke of the fact that these false "gods" aren't really gods at all in Galatians 4:8 (KJV) 

Jesus said if we followed Him we would be reviled, persecuted, hated, and all manner of evil would be said against us falsely, for His sake. He warned that we would have to take up our cross daily, deny ourselves and follow Him, saying, "In the world you shall have tribulation," and even that we may be called to die for our faith.6