Philosophy is not more or less difficult than art or science. It cannot even be said to think more, since artists undoubtedly think but in a different fashion altogether, through a different medium (e.g., colors in composition), and scientists and mathematicians surely think as well (even if through variables assembled into functional relationships.) 

Why do philosophical problems come about? 

In another excerpt from that document, this time clearly showing some instrumentalist-leaning concerns: 

Already in his notes for Anti-Oedipus, Guattari senses that Peirce's diagram is somehow special, that it unleashes "deterritorialized polyvocity," that it must be understood as distinct from the image because the diagram is a site of production (AOP 72, 214, 243-255/97, 308, 346-349). He continues reflecting on the powerful, productive diagram in Revolution moleculaire [Molecular Revolution] and L'inconscient Machinique [The Machinic Unconscious], concluding that diagrams "are no longer, strictly speaking, semiotic entities." Their "purpose is not to denote or to image the morphemes of an already-constituted referent, but to produce them" (IM 223, 224). In other words, diagrams do not represent thought; rather, they generate thought. Diagrams abound in experimental science, he says, because it is "a sphere where signs have a direct effect on things," involving "both material technology and a complex manipulation of sign machines" (MR 166/RM 303). The diagrammatic consists precisely in this conjunction between deterritorialized signs and deterritorialized objects. 

Watson proceeds to demonstrate how Guattari on several occasions illuminates the notion of the diagram with the example of theoretical physics. The takeaway for me here was how the diagram functions 'outside of' language but nevertheless 'makes use' of signs. Watson formulates this point as follows (p. 13): 'This "diagrammatic process" makes use of signs, but not language, and therefore uses neither signifiers nor signification.' 

The bottom line, though, is that there is no particularly good reason, either from first principles or empirically, that you can build a robust base of knowledge on top of non-reproducible, non-quantifiable phenomena. Even if we adopt the most radical interpretation of Feyerabend's "anything goes" approach to the philosophy of science, it was "anything goes that works", and we haven't any indication that it works. 

Once you find a superior hypothesis, holding onto the old not-very-satisfying best effort is not the scientific approach. And when your best effort doesn't fit the data all that well, doesn't provide all that much explanatory power, you should be skeptical of it. 

As far as I can tell, the anti-Evil Demon manoeuvre (which basically involves the pragmatic decision to ignore the argument) hasn't been sufficiently vigorously explored with regards to logical positivism. Note that empirical scientists, to great success, have basically taken this pragmatic approach; Kuhn* notwithstanding, issues of theory-laden perspective even in case of revolution basically don't come up in the harder sciences because of how strongly constrained the entire theoretical framework is by all the data we've collected. 

Then the question is whether parameters can change in the past in a way that will confuse us. Possibly! The length of the day has, we think, changed throughout Earth's history. Based on physical effects we can observe now, it looks like the rotation of the earth is slowing slightly, and if we extrapolate the day should have been about 22 hours long during the Cambrian. If we check, by measuring relative changes in sedimentary patterns that occur on yearly, daily, and lunar-monthly cycles, it seems pretty much spot-on. 

If the true model is "absence", looking for something and not finding it is what you would always have. With any other model, there may be some (perhaps slim) chance that you would find it. Since the other models will not always give the observation ("found nothing"), you reduce your estimate of their probability. 

But the track record of all detailed predictions for every major religion are astoundingly bad (about what you'd expect from observant farmers 3000 years ago wondering about the universe), so there is essentially no evidence in favor and very much evidence against hypotheses that any historical religion is actually meaningfully divinely inspired (including all the bits about afterlife if any, how many gods there are, whether they pay any attention to humans, etc.). Thus, the parsimonious explanation for these religions is not divine intervention but various social and other factors, and it is therefore unlikely that any particular claim is true.