According to Grand Ayatollah Sistani as a Marja’-al-Taghlid of Shia: 

Increasing the friendly relation between people 

Firstly, it won't be too hard to study regarding a general meaning of Salat as a Wajib (mandatory) act that you have to do... and you can peruse concerning its general meaning that what you are saying (generally), since the Salat is very significant to expense some of your time to learn its meaning too. Meanwhile, I assume all of the words of the salah (non-repeated) are not more than a paper. So, isn't that worthy to read and memorize solely one paper for all of your life? (As the order of Allah?) (As we memorize many non-significant things in our life ...) 

Since for example whenever you go to say prayer (e.g. Salah of Fajr), accordingly you know what your intention is and in fact you know what you are doing and what you are praying for, the significant point is reciting the various parts of the prayer. 

Firstly, we shall note that Shia’s sources of religion knowing is consists of 3 things: Quran/Sunnah (speech/practice/statement of the Prophets and Shia Imams)/and Aql (intellect), Secondly it should be paid heed that there is not all details of Ahkam (religious orders/rulings) in the Quran. 

And when you have completed the prayer, remember Allah standing, sitting, or [lying] on your sides. But when you become secure, re-establish [regular] prayer. Indeed, prayer has been decreed upon the believers a decree of specified times. (103) 

According to the narrations of both Sunni and Shia, it is quoted that: 

Consequently it seems that your salah or prayer wouldn’t be OK/accepted and I reckon you must repeat it again as Qaza. Good luck. May Allah guide all of us 

It is not considered as a Wajib (obligatory) act to say it loudly in every Rekat. Besides, Takbiratol-Ehram is considered as a Mustahab or recommended practice for the Imam to say it loudly that the persons who prayer, be able to hear it. But it doesn’t seem to be counted as a Wajib or obligatory act.