The post season structure in the leagues is the real money here though. Poll results have for decades played a huge roll in who was, or got to play to be the national champion. It used to be that at the end of the season the AP #1 was declared champ. Then the BCS came into being and the AP poll became a factor among others in determining who would play in the title game (there were BCS standing released based on computer formulas). The winner of that game was declared #1 team in the final AP poll of the season. Other post season games also take poll placement into consideration in college, bowl selection is a big deal, and bowls by contract get to choose teams in a specific order from various conferences. The polls help them decide who to choose. Overall this is an unworkable strategy. Your best bet at this point of the game is to force a turnover or hope there is enough time left for a turnover on downs. The NFL does not use polls, but instead uses actual standings (which is more fair in the NFL where teams play consistent schedules year to year, and have approximately the same difficulty schedule...or at least within an order of magnitude compared to collegiate schedules). Since they have no polls, none of the rankings actually have any consequence in the NFL game and can thus be more capricious. 

Rule 4, section 1, article 3, b last thing to reiterate is that generally NCAA polls are decided by large bodies and NFL power rankings are often just a guy, or maybe a small team. They aren't really comparable. 

In the AP poll members of the media rank their top 25 teams. 

I finally found something in the CBA: Article 9 Section 3 (c) 

Lets take the example of Jonathan Vilma. Last year he was worth .35 +WPA in the regular season or less than half a win to the Saints. This is a measure of all of his positive WPA plays. It does not account for any negative plays that were his fault (or the fault of his teammates) and I've yet to see a stat that does. So at best, Vilma was worth a third of a win, unless his replacement is significantly worse the Saint's should not see a measurable impact in wins and losses. In Contrast to Vilma, Terrell Suggs' injury deprives the ravens of 2.63 WPA+ this coming year that they will have to replace, a far more important injury than Vilma's suspension. 

Generally in defensive formations they are listed "downline men - linebackers - defensive backs*" (*defensive backs are not usually listed, 4-2-5 is an exception). 

In the USA Today poll, NCAA I-A coaches vote for their top 25 teams. 

You are only down if you possess the football and are on a knee. The end result of this will be far worse than the play being started. By preventing the snap you could cause an additional 40 seconds to run off the game clock (because the offense may choose to have the clock start at the ready signal). However, this does not allow for the 1-0 score you're seeking. The offense has already scored a touchdown so they have at least 6 points. The play in question ends in 7 total points for the offense. Also, the way that college football post season is structured, lends itself heavily to week to week adjustments. If there are four top conference undefeated teams, and a bunch of good one loss teams, those 4 top conference undefeated teams are going to the playoff, not those good one loss teams. In contrast, top NFL teams usually lose 2-4 games a season, so power rankings can afford to be less capricious. NCAA rankings have to be harsh, because there are usually a lot of good, comparable teams, and losses are much more magnified (since the best teams go undefeated or lose at most 2 games).