*Note: that was a half-joke. The people in TW chat may be actually able to help you, I don't know, but I really can't comment on on-topicness of such a question there. This footnote is so that TW mods don't come after me ;-) So, placing a bounty will make it get lost within the featured tab. Of course, you could sort the tab by "newest"--but that's extremely unfair to users who use bounties to get attention/answers for their old, unanswered posts (one of the primary uses for bounties, in fact). If they sort it by posts that have recently been bountied, the re-bountied posts will come up. Yes, you can come up with a "been bountied only once/etc" metric, but that just gets complicated. Currently, there are few enough bounty questions tagged javascript (for example) that I can look through the list, and decide which I'd like to solve (in my case, the ones with few answers, not using arcane frameworks, and within my level of expertise). If there were a few hundred bountied JS questions, I'd never be able to go through all these. This is what you lose when you flood the bounty tab. header1header2header3 cell-----1cell-----2cell-----3 cell-----4cell-----5cell-----6 A day may come when I understand the full obfuscation, but it is not this day. This day we oscillate! Note that I'm not opposing this feature. I like it, I'd want it myself. Just providing a viable alternative :) This post has been locked while disputes about its content are being resolved. For more info visit meta. Doing the whole delay manually has two problems: Moderators actually have to know about this, which is not the case for a large number of moderators, I think. And we have to remember to delete the account later, which can easily be forgotten, especially if one mod thinks another one will handle it. I consider the total number of users, as it is displayed currently, a completely useless statistic. I have no way to determine how many of those users are actually active on the site, I can only see how many people have registered. Many of those might never have come back to the site. The number of new users in the moderator tools is also not very useful, as I have no idea if those new users actually come back to the site and contribute to it. To deal with users that intentionally abuse editing to bump their posts excessively I would create an automatic flag for moderators. At the current threshold of 10 edits this would likely be excessively noisy on larger sites, but I think this could be fixed by making the criteria a bit more intelligent: Automatic conversion after 30 answers: Another improvement would be to directly show the edit diff there, not just the post itself. This would make it quicker to see what the edit actually changed. A dedicated interface for reviewing edits would be far more effective, and we already have one for the suggested edits, so all the needed parts should already be there. This change would likely drastically reduce the amount of bumping new questions receive, it might make sense to increase the amount of bumping the community user does to balance that. Community could bump questions that haven't received much attention once much earlier in addition to the current bumping behaviour. The number of avid users on Area 51 is also not a sufficient statistic, as it doesn't tell us if those high reputation users are still contributing to the site. Most users don't rage-quit and have their account deleted, they just fade away silently. Most sites likely have some users with a lot of reputation that are not contributing anymore. I propose to hardcode this delay into the user deletion mechanism. When a moderator hits the delete user button, a countdown is started until the deletion. This countdown is visible to the user (at least on his profile, also elsewhere if it would be easy to implement), and contains a link to contact the moderators and abort the deletion. Something like this lives or dies by reaching critical mass of job seekers using and employers use it. With SO Careers making money on both ends, one wonder if it will reach this. Location seems like something worth adding here. Now as much as I hate recruitment agents (95% of them are utterly useless and actually impede getting the right person) they do do something: they filter candidates (often badly but still...), act as an umbrella (for insurance purposes and payroll) for contractors and the like. Consider the Joel on Software job board, where you pay ~$350 for an ad and nothing as a candidate. Will the market on SO Careers be sufficiently bigger or better? I have my doubts. After all, what does SO Careers offer really? A link to your profile? I can put that on my CV in any case. It would be really useful to be able to browse my own questions like I can all questions and that is by one or more tags. Sometimes I'm looking for a particular question to reference and just can't find it (without google) but I'll have a fair idea of what it's tagged. Lastly: startups. Not an area I'm particularly familiar with but if HN is to be believed, it works to a much greater degree on word-of-mouth than traditional recruitment. That being said, I kind of agree that if you're going to spend $100k+ (including on-costs) on employing someone for a year, spending even $5k to find the right person is cheap. But I guess cash flow can be an issue too. I know little about the US recruitment market but in Europe and Australia, traditional recruitment agencies work like this: I commented on this also, although not from the point of view of startups. Obviously Jeff and Joel think they've got a fairly lucrative audience (for employers) with tie-ins to the already successful Joel job boards. I think they may be overvaluing the association with SO because ultimately that association is simply a URL to your profile. I haven't seen the employer's search but if it also includes searches that use your contributions against different tags as some kind of criteria then obviously that isn't something easily reproducible elsewhere.