It may seem strange that Christian soldiers (knights or otherwise) at times fought for Muslim rulers, but we should be careful not to look at relationships between Christians and Muslims from the modern perspective. Although it is true that Christian soldiers were usually used when Muslim rulers were fighting each other rather than fighting Christians, the early spread of Islam into Christian lands was often welcomed as a relief from Byzantine rule for Muslim rulers tended to be tolerant. As Jane Smith notes: 

Also in Spain, M. Florian in History of the Moors of Spain recounts the following (author's orginal spellings retained): 

According to Brittanica.com, the participants of at least one of these groups took the Crusader's vow, and this vow was recognized as valid by the church, but it is not clear whether this recognition was at the time of the crusade or at some later point. 

El Cid may have been involved in the Battle of Graus (1063) at which 300 Castilian knights fought on the side of Ahmad al-Muqtadir, ruler of the Islamic taifa of Zaragoza, against the Christian Ramiro I of Aragon. However, it is unclear if they were there as mercenaries or as allies. 

Further west, the ability of Muslims, Christians and Jews to live together in peace up to the 10th century is well-illustrated by Spain: 

In 1212, two groups involving children embarked on crusades to the Holy Land. They are generally lumped together and known as the Children's Cruade. They were not true crusades in the sense that the pope did not call for a crusade and nor did he sanction it (or them). 

Note: All the figures cited for fighter planes refer to operational planes. It seems fair to assume that the number of operational fighters was not hugely different from the number of available pilots. 

The reasons for the lack of Norwegian and Danish pilots can also perhaps be explained: there weren’t many of them in the first place, and reaching England was probably more difficult for them than the French, Belgian, Polish and Czech pilots who fled at the fall of France. 

On a final note, the Romance of Gillion de Trazegnies, a medieval work of fiction, concerns a knight who commanded the sultan of Egypt’s army. Although fiction, the character is based on various knights of the period so there may well be some factual basis. 

Among the non-British pilots, at least 141 were Polish, 84 Czech and 28 Belgian, but only 13 were French and none were Dutch, Norwegian or Danish. 

The Wikipedia page on El Cid gives more details on this: 

The earlier group, also led by a shepherd, Stephan of Cloyes, got to Marseilles where they boarded ships under false pretenses - they were sold into slavery. They had been advised by the French King Philip II to return home. 

This did not continue, of course, but even so extremism was not prevalent at the time and in-fighting among both Christian and Muslim rulers was very common. In such cases, rulers looking for mercenaries were not necessarily going to be fussy about the religion of those they hired. Also, when the Normans became a power in southern Italy, it was at the expense of both Christian and Muslim rulers. 

S. Lane-Poole The Moors in Spain 

If one accepts El Cid (c.1043-1099) as a knight (he was certainly a noble and and C.M. Yonge claims that he was knighted by King Ferdinand I of Leon), then he would be another example: 

The reasons why there were many Polish, Czech and Commonwealth pilots are clear enough, as are the reasons for the relatively low number of Australian pilots. 

Source: Hunt Janin & Ursula Carlson 

Source: Hunt Janin & Ursula Carlson, 'Mercenaries in Medieval and Renaissance Europe' 

France, however, had Europe’s largest allied air force at the time of the Battle of France (764 fighters), which presumably means they also had far more pilots, yet only 13 or 14 French pilots fought in the Battle of Britain, compared to 28 pilots from Belgium (81 fighters). And what happened to the Dutch (up to 76 fighters)? Of course, some were killed in action before the Battle of Britain, but that was also true for the Poles (about 280 fighters in Set. 1939) and Czechs. 

S. Runciman A History of the Crusades: vol 1 

Brian Todd Carey Warfare in the Medieval World 

Christian soldiers (unclear if this reference includes knights) serving a Muslim ruler prior to the Crusades is also mentioned by Hussein Fancy in The Mercenary Mediterranean 

I can't find any reference to any response of the Pope to this first group. Was there any, or did the pope just react to the second group (from Germany) because they turned up in the Papal States? Also, did the church take any action to prevent further groups of 'unofficial' crusades involving children?