By the 14th century, however, smiths had begun using watermills to driver hammers for shaping the steel, greatly reduced the labour required. Additionally, it has often been claimed that that Poland fared better due to having fewer rats. Two popular explanations offered for this theory is that Poland had more cats, or alternatively less food for rats. As luxury goods, The main consumers of spice were the wealthy, middle to upper class members of society. Religious and supposed medicinal uses aside, these people valued spices because it is expensive; it formed a social status symbol, desirable for showing off. The marriage of Duke Georg of Bavaria to Polish Princess Hedwigis was celebrated with a feast involving almost 1300 pounds of various spices, for example. 

Is that it's actually not as different as you might think. Most, if not all, of Europe's major crowns were originally elective. Nonetheless, the earliest available information on this subject probably dates to about the 8th Century. Around this time, surveys of estates began to appear that documented - with varying completeness - the households living off those lands. Of the surviving records from Medieval France, the largest and most famous is probably the Polyptych of Irminon, a survey of almost 2,000 properties in Saint-Germain-des-Prés. 

Now, he could say to hell with it and style himself king of Edessa, but no one would respect that. As a mere son of a count in Europe, his takeover of Edessa was through rather questionable means. When the crusaders were electing a king for Jerusalem, he was neither their top nor second choice. 

Compare and contrast with these from the Rochester Bestiary, circa mid-thirteenth century: 

See this depiction from the late 13th century Boulogne-sur-Mer BM MS.131: 

Pinkerton, John. The History Of Scotland From The Accession Of The House Of Stuart To That Of Mary: With Appendixes Of Original Papers. In Two Volumes. Dilly, 1797. By 1115, the new begile Wanyen Akuta (Wanyan Aguda) revolted against the Khitan Liao Empire, founding the Jurchen Great Jin Empire in the process. So You might justifiably call the Great Jin the "highest tribal organisation" of 12th century Jurchens. OP also suggests that the losing force may be on the verge of being surrounded; this would be unusual. Most armies will rout before they are surrounded - the times when one army is able to envelop another are studied as examples of brilliant leadership. First, your premise is false. Charlemagne was supported by non-military advisers - ignoring Alcuin and the Church renders all other analysis meaningless. Second, Charlemagne's court was comprised of economic and military advisers, but at that time there was no distinction between them. Great Lords and churchmen were both military powers and the major landholders. Given that their economy was very primitive, economics was functionally equivalent to holding land. The only way to be a military leader was to be an economic powerhouse and vice versa (you could not muster large levy unless you had lots of land and lots of economic power). Charlemagne's advisers advised him on their best interests which were a combination of economic, military and idiosyncratic. Caveat You said, "it could only improve the life quality of everyone since more land was available per person." - that would only be true if the two classes benefitted equally from the land. That is an assumption that will lead you very far astray. @Stefan has provided an extended example. Essentially however, if the benefit of land was skewed 90% nobility 10% commoner, then the quality of life of the nobility is reduced FAR more than the quality of life of the commoner. (this is apart from the fact that it is very difficult to reduce quality of life below subsistence; at a certain point, quality of life is "sticky downwards".) 

Flat against flat dissipates force and increases the chance that the hammer will glance off armor. (remember that armor is not flat - it is curved and angled to deflect blows and minimize the transmitted force). 

Yes, this has no sources and is therefore a bad answer. I haven't researched the guild system deeply, but my impression is that everything said about guilds is an overly broad generalization that is meaningful only as an ex post facto academic generalization for analytical purposes. Real understanding of the guilds would require research into a specific guild in a specific city at a specific time. Add a bayonet that's up to half a meter long, and you can see how this rapidly gets unwieldy. Bayonets were designed to give musketeers a sort of pike to prevent massed cavalry charges (more on that below). This worked well against a massed charge into your fixed defenses, the enemy basically runs into a wall of blades, but they're terrible on the attack, especially into the tight spaces of a modern defensive position. 

Pinguin The ship which most exemplifies these ideas is the German auxiliary cruiser Pinguin. Basically a freighter with guns, she had no hope of fighting off a real warship, but lasted a year traveling 60,000 miles sinking or capturing 150,000 gross tons. She captured 16 ships, and sunk 6 with a boarding crew to plant explosive charges. She plundered ships for fuel and food, sometimes sending them back to Germany. She used captured ships as auxiliaries to lay mines, resupply, or act as decoys. Pinguin would even use her seaplane to snatch away a target's radio antennas before they could broadcast a warning. 

In modern warfare, the greatly enhanced speed, firepower and control of units makes exploiting a gap a tactical possibility... though you still don't want to get bogged down in the middle. As the Thunder Runs of the Battle Of Baghdad it is a great risk and the penetrating unit can only survive so long without support. Even in the 21st century, soldiers do not like to be surrounded. 

Such a long weapon is not very good in the tight spaces of a trench or building. InRangeTV has an excellent video demonstration of the limitations of bayonet fighting and the use of the knife, club, and spade in WWI trench fighting. Yes, a shovel like this Russian/Soviet MPL-50 entrenching tool makes a pretty nasty and ubiquitous close quarters weapon.