IAAF Scoring Tables for combined events have formula. IAAF Scoring Tables for Combined Events Pdf file contains formulae (equations) to calculate the point score (P) For a given performance. Jumps P=a*(M - b)**c [where M is Measurement in centimetres; e.g. 808 for "LJ".] After a long search finally found it. Statsbomb Article clearly explain the extra time minute percentage in European 5 top leagues. *Enforcement rate is the percentage of Tests in which the follow-on was available and was actually enforced. Note: Included Blockquote and picture are copied from linked pdf of IAAF. But the one that I find interesting to measure the performance of wicket keeper is in thesis by Danielle Catherine MacDonald named Performance analysis of fielding and wicket-keeping..... Note: The value of P (points) must be rounded down to a whole number after calculation (e.g. 123.999 becomes 123). These two picture obtained from Statsbomb website clearly shows the percentage of time added. Throws P=a*(D - b)**c [where D is Distance in metres; e.g. 16.69 for Shot] The white line in wagon wheel is overthrow 7 runs because Clarke has scored only 10 runs against Flintoff. Among which 1sx1 and 2sx1 and no 4s or 6s. Example 3: Suppose pitcher Adam is the starter and he leaves the game after 4 innings and his team is leading by a run. Billy comes in and pitches a scoreless 5th. The score is unchanged when Charlie comes in in the 6th, and he pitches a scoreless 6th, 7th, and 8th. It is still a 1 run game when David comes in in the 9th, and records a scoreless 9th. Could the official scorer determine that Charlie deserves the win (hence David gets a save), while Billy gets a hold? I'm parsing some baseball data, so I need to be able to appropriately award saves, blown saves, holds, etc. In doing so, I came across some examples that I'm unsure how to handle. Example 2: Suppose pitcher Adam is the starter and he leaves the game after 4 innings and his team is leading by a run. Billy comes in and pitches a scoreless 5th and 6th. The score is unchanged when Charlie comes in in the 7th, and allows the tying run. Is Charlie charged with a blown save? Example 1: Suppose Adam is the starter and he leaves the game after 4 innings and his team is leading by a run. Billy comes in and pitches into the 8th, when he gives up the tying run. Is Billy charged with a blown save? My intuition: 1) No, because there is no other pitcher eligible to receive the win. Hence, it's not truly a save situation, and Billy can't be charged with a blown save. 2) Yes, because Billy could be assigned the win, thus Charlie would have entered in a save situation. Therefore, he would be charged with a blown save. 3) No, it doesn't make any sense for a pitcher to get a hold and the pitcher that relieves him gets a win when their team does not surrender their lead. a, b and c are parameters whose values are listed below. * is the mathematical sign meaning "multiplied by ", and ** is the mathematical sign meaning "raised to the power of". These two picture obtained from Statsbomb website clearly shows the percentage of time added. With the help of data for above mentioned activities, we can compare performance of wicket keepers. Toulouse France team with average age of 23.91 was the youngest team on pitch for domestic league 2016-17. Some article claimed Germany had the most number of team with the lowest average age. But I'm interested in knowing, Throws P=a*(D - b)**c [where D is Distance in metres; e.g. 16.69 for Shot] Parameters (constants for each event): What I did was to look for overthrow causing 7 runs in an ashes 06/07 Adelaide test Australia 2nd inning by Michael Clarke Link to Youtube Video and search the same match in cricinfo for wagon wheel. Percentage time added in second half: What was the average age of top five European football leagues for domestic league 2016-2017? From blog of espncricinfo by author KARTIKEYA DATE. From abstract of Performance measures for Wicket Keepers in Cricket by Hermanus H. LEMMER *Enforcement rate is the percentage of Tests in which the follow-on was available and was actually enforced.