Being called a Christian, on the other hand, is restricted to a follower of Jesus Christ and his teachings (according to Christianity); and being called a Jew is restricted to being a follower of Moses and his teachings, having Jewish ancestry, or being People of God (according to Judaism). Then the Prophet reminded them of the covenant of the prophets: Abdul-Rahman al-Barrak, a Saudi Salafi cleric, is of the view (see his fatwa, Arabic only) that it is permitted to recite the Qur'an from a smartphone without ablution since the requirement to be free from impurities apply only to touching a manuscript without a barrier. Saleh Al-Fawzan, an Islamic scholar and a member of the Council of Senior Scholars, shares the same view that it is permitted. In the khutba of a Friday prayer, 'Umar ibn Al-Khattab responded to your question: In his commentary on the Qur'an (Al-Tahrir wa al-Tanwir), Muhammad al-Tahir ibn Ashur mentioned that there is a consensus that Surat al-Nasr is madaniyyah (revealed in Medina), save for one athar. The tradition you are asking about is most likely that athar attributed to 'Abdullah ibn 'Umar, which states that it was revealed in Mina. On another note, the tafsir by Muhammad ibn Ya'qub al-Firuzabadi, although it is being attributed to Abdullah Ibn-'Abbas, there is uncertainty about its attributions and authenticity of multiple hadiths in it (Al Tafsir). The book has a huge wealth of knowledge, but one needs to be able to discern authenticated from unverified references. — Sunan Abi Dawud » Book of Wills » Hadith 2873 Allah revealed to the Prophet that Ibrahim was neither Jewish nor Christian (Qur'an 3:67), but a Muslim, and that the Torah and the Gospel were revealed after his time, so he could not have followed either (Qur'an 3:65). The verse in question does not say that the sun sets in in a murky pool; rather, it says that Dhul-Qarnayn found it as if it were setting in a murky pool (this is what appeared to his eyes). One another note, there are other hadiths similar to the ones above attributed to major companions, too, like 'Abdullah ibn Mas'ūd, Hasan of Basra, among others. All such hadiths are graded as mawqūf, i.e., the hadith is attributed to a companion, not to the Prophet ﷺ. All these hadiths endorse the same concept: there is no verse or hadith attributed to the Prophet ﷺ that explains the meaning of these letters; hence, whatever one reads about them is merely the personal opinion of the author. A number of scholars added an aditional criterion, which is being legally competent to manage one's wealth and property. Their rationale is that several verses (Qur'an and hadith) restrict access to one's personal wealth if one is deemed incompetent, regardless of age (see Islam Q&A 205284). Legal competence is fulfilled through either having pubic hair, or reaching the age of 15 lunar years (see Sahih Muslim » The Book on Government » Hadith 1868 a and Jami' at-Tirmidhi » Judgements From The Messenger of Allah » Hadith 1361). In the following hadith narrated by Abu-Huraira (and similar others, e.g., this hadith by 'Aisha), the Qur'an annual revisions are mentioned: — Sunan Ibn Majah » Chapter on Blood Money » Book 21 » Hadith 2785 Finally, the rulings related to adulterers evolved over the life of the Prophet ﷺ. Initially, women were not stoned but confined to their houses until death (see Surah An-Nisa 4:15), which was later abrogated as per the hadiths above. You may hear other views that the hadiths related to stoning of married adulterers were prior to the revelation of the verses in Surat Al-Nur. These hadiths in Sahih al-Bukhari » Limits and Punishments set by Allah » Hadiths 6815 and 6816, which refer to the stoning of an adulterer, were narrated by Abu Huraira as an event that he witnessed. Abu Huraira embraced Islam in 7 AH, whereas Surat Al-Nur was revealed 2-3 years before. Stoning of married adulterers took place by the Prophet ﷺ after the revelation of the verses you quoted. When it comes to the Islamic ruling, the murdered gets punished by death, regardless of gender, slavery, etc. This is what the seera tells us was practiced during the time of the Prophet ﷺ and his companions and is also declared through this hadith: — Sahih Al-Bukhari » Book of Wills and Testaments » Hadith 2751 From the perspective of the verses in the Qur'an or hadith that refer to orphans, they are related to paternal orphans since in Islam, it is the responsibility of the father to sustain his family: Sixty Najrani Christians went to visit the Prophet in Medina, as a result, with multiple debates taking place over several days. Those events were co-attended by rabbis from the Jewish tribes living in Medina at the time. In one of the multiple discussions that took place, the Jewish rabbis claimed that Ibrahim (Abraham) was Jewish, and the Najrani Christians claimed that Ibrahim was Christian: