There is a time deadline before which he should have signed for the new club so that the player becomes eligible to play immediately(not exactly immediately, but i will explain with an example.) 

Few benefits of pressing high are: 

A disadvantage would be, you are more susceptible to quick counter attacks, and over the top balls. 

From FIFA:Allowance for time lost 

For instance, in this FIFA world cup, there are many players who are of different nations, but play in the same club. 

Please refer this wikipedia link. 

No, it does not get counted. For instance, if we look at the goals scored by Messi during FIFA 2014 World cup: He has a total of 4 goals till now. 

It means the team without the ball, moves higher up the pitch to put pressure on the team with the ball, with the idea of getting the ball back or forcing the other team to make a mistake. 

The fourth ofﬁcial indicates the minimum additional time decided by the referee at the end of the ﬁnal minute of each period of play. 

It's used by the referees to indicate the minimum distance the players must maintain from ball, in the event of a free kick, as well as the spot from where it is taken. 

The announcement of the additional time does not indicate the exact amount of time left in the match. The time may be increased if the referee considers it appropriate but never reduced. The referee must not compensate for a timekeeping error during the ﬁrst half by increasing or reducing the length of the second half. 

Read this article for learning about the format and criteria for playing in the UEFA champions league. The criteria is a detailed one, which is best explained by reading the wiki link. 

Like in the case of Balotelli, if he wants to play against Man City on monday, he must be registered as a Liverpool player by friday i.e he must have signed for liverpool by friday noon. 

Do players share secrets, weaknesses of other players whom they played with at club level, when they go head to head in international level. 

In football, if a player scores a hat-trick, he usually takes the match ball with him as a souvenir. 

1 vs Bosnia and Herzegovina (group stage) 

The statistics from FIFA summarize it the best. 

The dates for this year's champions league are: 

Example: During the 2012 UEFA Champions League final, Manuel Neuer of Bayern Munich took a penalty against Chelsea, when the game went into penalties.