Clark & Yallop (1995: 44) write: "A stop is produced by the formation and rapid relaese of a complete colsure at any point in the vocal tract from the glottis to the lips. The velum is raised to prevent airflow through the nasal cavity, and the oral airflow is thus interrupted. [...] Egressive pulmonic stops are by far the most common type of stop and are sometimes identified by the label 'plosive'." Edit: You mentioned non-expiry - I don't know of any specific term for that. The classification among temporal adverbs is rather between time point/span - duration - frequency, possibly others, but apparently not whether the adverb expresses expiry, non-expiry, having expired (i.e. past events) or whatever. I assume the reason is that such a classification wouldn't be very meaningful, as there are types of temporal adverbs such as those expressing frequency that could not at all be classified w.r.t expiry - take the word sometimes; this is neither something that expires, nor something that doesn't expire nor something that has already expired. So I don't think there is an actual terminological classification w.r.t. expiry because this would only be applicable to a rather small set of adverbs. A verb ending is normally that part of a verb which expresses the features person and number (and usually mood). That is, a non-ending normally cannot express person or number or mood; but an ending can express more than person and number and mood (such as tense). You could say endings that express more than person, number, and mood are a contraction of some suffix with an ending, like the Latin imperfect (e.g. stabam, "I stood"), which is either analysed as present stem + imperfect suffix -ba- + ending (sta-ba-m), or as present stem + imperfect ending (sta-bam). We usually say the tense is included in the ending in such cases, of which there are many, but in other situations it is more practical to treat the suffix or contraction as a separate morpheme. Note also that "natural language" is a flexible and sometimes unclear concept; if you are researching English poetry of the 16th century, it is much harder to acquire enough evidence than with modern prose. Context or explanation should make it clear what natural language is supposed to be in a certain text. Criterion D (has no object) is a bit circular, so perhaps that should be removed from the list all together and merged with criterion E (passivize): the latter will serve to prove that something is or is not an object in any case. If I use "a mile" as secondary complement, the sentence can be passivized, so perhaps it is not a copula; however, one could argue that the verb is used with a different meaning there, so that D/E do not apply at all, if we accept that walk cannot take a noun as a secondary complement. Casus rectus and Casus obliquus are calques on πτῶσις ὀρθή (“upright fall”) and πτῶσις πλαγία (“sideways fall”) respectively. It has been suggested that these were originally technical terms in a game of dice. In Arabic grammar this is called "'inna and its sisters". These encompass a set of particles that are followed by a noun in the accusative case, or by the accusative forms of suffixed pronouns. References here: http://perseus.uchicago.edu/cgi-bin/philologic/getobject.pl?c.66:2:87.LSJ "Rare languages" is not a term that is used by linguists, and it does not have any real meaning. It is a phrase that is often used by the writers of newspaper headlines, presumably because it is shorter than "endangered languages", in the same way that they like to write "poll" when they mean "election". "Top Five Rarest Languages", if it means anything, should mean the five languages with the smallest number of speakers. Our English grammatical terminology is taken from Latin, where in turn it is calqued on Greek. Noun = nomen = onoma literally means “name”; the idea is that a noun is the name of a particular person or thing. A verb is not a “name”, but merely a “word” = verbum = rhēma that is predicated to a name/noun. Sometimes the Greeks used rhēma also in a broader sense to mean a predicate adjective.