So, as a fellow engineer, I think this is where the overthink is happening. The focus of the underbelly of mathematics is coming up with definitions to build all of the rest of mathematics on. It is easier to convey these concepts to non-mathematicians if they have real life implications, so real life terminology leaks in. It also gives mathematicians a great myriad of intuition checks. If something doesn't pass the intuition check, it's worth double checking to see if the meaning of a word has shifted along the way. Or you can just relabel everything FribbleMoose, and find out whether FribbleMoose or PathosDingbat or any other random word choice you please is applicable to your scenario. However, if it "happens to be" a straight line, that sure as heck makes the rest of our jobs easier! Of course, we also have several other meanings of the word "opposite." All of these are other concepts which are associated with the word "opposite," but have very different meanings than the one you appear to be referring to: Math is a word. As such, it is subject to the limits of linguistics. One such limit: its nigh impossible to get everyone to agree on its meaning. If I may quote the opening line of Wikipedia's page on "Definitions of Mathematics," You rarely see a symbol for "numbers" in general because mathematicians don't have much use for such a symbol. The different sets of numbers have different enough properties that mathematicians typically want to be specific as to which set they are referring to. Yes, the question you asked is so difficult that there is not just a section of Wikipedia's mathematics page dedicated to it, there is an entire page for it. Remember, "2" is just a symbol. Its a curved line intersecting with a low horizontal line. It's only the rules of arithmetic that give it meaning beyond that. From the perspective of freeing ourselves from this "paradox" the key is that for every case where we have N tosses that landed heads, we also have a corresponding case where we have N tosses that landed tails. From the perspective of "sum of the number of heads," this matters. In the case where we discus "the coin has landed heads up 10 times in a row," it does not, because the fact that we have stated it has landed heads up 10 times precludes us from considering the case where it landed 10 times tails up. The 10 tails case doesn't have any effect on our discussion of the next coin flip because it simply didn't happen. We aren't interested in it. Once you accept such a definition, such an axiom, it gets brought into a tremendously powerful system. Most of mathematics accepts some form of inductive proof, so the acceptance of an axiom is a very powerful thing. It means you accept any and all consequences that can arise from applying it an infinite number of times. There's a good reason they need to be intuitive. Proof systems that admit induction literally go, "1, 2, skip a few, 99, 100, skip a few more, infinity. See, I proved it!" (Edit: Jan felt this was not a valid use of "literally." For a more precise wording, see the Peano Axioms. A version of "literally" I can use properly is to say that the purpose of induction is to literally skip an infinite number of steps in your proof.) If your definitions are not extraordinarily in line with reality, an infinite series of skipped steps will contort your definition until it looks absurd. Consider Xeno's paradox, which proved you couldn't move anywhere through an infinite number of steps, and yet we move places all the time! You're an engineer. You're familiar with computing. If you are working as part of a shoestring-budget startup, and you hear someone say "we need more computing power," it has a meaning. It typically means breaking the piggy bank to scrounge together a few GHz worth of processors to do the work. However, if you're working on a BlueGene/Q, and you hear someone say "we need more computing power," it has a different meaning. If you tried to solve their problem by walking in with a few Windows 10 boxen, they'd look at you funny (but the startup might have drooled, and wondered where you got them). In natural languages, the meaning of words often shifts with contexts. For most contexts, Euclid's definition is good enough. For general relativity questions, the term straight-line has another meaning. In fact, it becomes so different in nature that people tend to call the GR version "geodesics!" This "Universe" does not behave like a normal number. It behaves more like a collection of things. In fact, the mathematical term for it is a "class" (which is in contrast to calling something a "set," which is a easier to understand collection). It's a bit easier to visualize the non-paradox if, instead of counting the number of heads and tails, we assign heads and tails numeric values (such as +1 and -1) and take the average. Most humans find it easy to intuit that the average of a sample will approach the average of the random variable as N gets large.