The stem length is a portion of the reach measurement. That is, reach = saddle setback + top tube length + stem length + bar length. 3) Check that tour derailleur cables are clean and lubes. This can cause a derailleur to sit slightly out of alignment with the cogs in some gears. You are a big guy at 95 Kg, so this type of problem is not unusual (as am I). That means that you need to be especially wary of loose spokes and rapid detensioning of your wheels. Most "system" wheels have an 85-100 Kg bike and rider weight limit. It would be difficult to conclude that it is the the sole responsibility of the shop. Any of these factors can be altered to some degree to produce a correct reach measurement. But there are other factors which affect this as well. If your stem is too short, your steering will be too quick to react, as small movements of you body and hands will move your wheel too far, too fast. This will make the bike difficult to control. If you go the other way, with too long a stem, then your bike will handle sluggishly, and you might not be able to react quickly enough to an obstacle in the road. A wheel is only as strong as the tension on the spokes. If the wheel was loose for any significant length of time before you noticed it, the spokes will fatigue very quickly, because they are flexing through a range of motion which is not intended. A 160 pound rider will have no issues with pretty much any quality wheel set on the market now, but if your primary use is as a training wheel set, get the 24 spoke count set. It is also easier to change on the front ring of a triple, on a compact you'll often need to change down a gear or two on the back when you move on to the bigger front ring, which means the chain is being yanked both ways and strained that bit more. But on the triple, you're not as far away, so you'll often not need to change the back at the same time as shifting the front. All other things being equal, run them as high as the tyre manufacturer recommends (there will be an advisory notice on the tyre wall). For most tyres of even medium quality, this should be at least 100psi, if not 110; higher end tyres might go up to 130+. (I generally inflate both tyres to similar pressures, but I think that there are some theories that if either were to be higher, that should be the rear, because it carries the majority of the weight.) When re-inflating, you should also take the opportunity to inspect the tyres. Any deformity or wear will be sure to be far more obvious and damaging when the tyre is inflated to the limits of its recommended pressure. The only caveat is in poor weather, where a reduction in pressure increases the contact area and introduces give, which should make for enhanced traction. The idea used to be that a triple was just a double with an extra small, 'granny' ring (i.e. only grandmothers would need to use that one) so there was definitely some snobbery in a triple; that it was designed for those who needed a little more help. So on the club training run, you might be teased for it. (Google for 'triple granny ring' for various forum discussions and banter; don't worry, most of the responses are SFW.) If you were a heavier rider, I'd say avoid the lower spoke count wheel, but you'll have no problems regardless, assuming the wheels are in good shape when you get them. You are a big guy at 95 Kg, so this type of problem is not unusual (as am I). That means that you need to be especially wary of loose spokes and rapid detensioning of your wheels. Most "system" wheels have an 85-100 Kg bike and rider weight limit. It would be difficult to conclude that it is the the sole responsibility of the shop. The stem length is a portion of the reach measurement. That is, reach = saddle setback + top tube length + stem length + bar length. 3) Check that tour derailleur cables are clean and lubes. This can cause a derailleur to sit slightly out of alignment with the cogs in some gears. A wheel is only as strong as the tension on the spokes. If the wheel was loose for any significant length of time before you noticed it, the spokes will fatigue very quickly, because they are flexing through a range of motion which is not intended. The idea used to be that a triple was just a double with an extra small, 'granny' ring (i.e. only grandmothers would need to use that one) so there was definitely some snobbery in a triple; that it was designed for those who needed a little more help. So on the club training run, you might be teased for it. (Google for 'triple granny ring' for various forum discussions and banter; don't worry, most of the responses are SFW.) All other things being equal, run them as high as the tyre manufacturer recommends (there will be an advisory notice on the tyre wall). For most tyres of even medium quality, this should be at least 100psi, if not 110; higher end tyres might go up to 130+. (I generally inflate both tyres to similar pressures, but I think that there are some theories that if either were to be higher, that should be the rear, because it carries the majority of the weight.) Practically, what it tends to mean is not necessarily a bigger gear at the top (i.e. big front ring & small back ring) but a much lower gear at the bottom, for the hills. So with the same rear cassette you might compare a 50/34 double for a 50/39/30 triple (although a 50/34 is probably more what is called these days a 'compact'). That range of triple combined with a typical rear cassette of 12-28 would work for most hills.