A dualist would very likely answer that it isn't possible that a machine can acquire personhood. This would be because the self-awarness/reflection part stems from the non-physical aspects of the mental which we cannot instill in an artificial machine no matter how well engineered it is. Kant's ontology is similarly twofold, although his approach is more from the point of view of knowledge and epistemology: Kant asserted that there was a Noumenon, a world of ideas and truths (Ding an sich - things-in-themselves) that exists beyond what can be known purely from the senses (Phenomenon - things as we see them/feel them). Again although he was looking at it from an epistemic point of view, ontologically this can be seen as a form of dualism because the things-in-themselves are different from the-things-as-we-perceive-them. Why did Kant see himself as having revolutionized epistemology, given Locke's results? One of Kant's most important (if not the most important) result is his argument (proof?) that synthetic a priori knowledge is possible. My understanding is that if Quine's result from Two Dogmas holds, then everything is to some extent synthetic and nothing is really a priori. Is this interpretation correct? Kant's things in themselves are more like Non-measurable sets, as opposed to the empty set. The existence of non-measurable sets can be proved, but they can never be "displayed". It is fairly easy to argue that the ideas of the most notable philosophers in history (those whose names are familiar to laymen) have had effects on society beyond just their influence on other philosophers. Plato, Aristotle, DesCartes, Marx, Nietzsche, Freud, have all had tangible effects on modern western society - if only by providing us with well known aphorisms. Even some lesser known thinkers (again from a laymen's point of view), such as Russell, Mill, James, have had tangible effects on modern culture. Can Kant be said to have such an effect (i.e. beyond philosophy) on our culture? If one wanted to explain Kant's influence to a layman, how would he go about doing so? For example: Marx has had an effect on political ideology, DesCartes gave us Cartesian coordinates and the mind-body problem, etc... I've been studying Locke recently and I'm having trouble understanding how his epistemic position differs from Kant's, and by implication, why did Kant see his epistemology as being so revolutionary given that it is not too different from Locke's. Both of them seem to assert the following: What is it that I am missing here that makes Locke's realism and Kant's realism so different? Kant is one of the greatest and most influential philosophers ever. My understanding was that Kant was mainly refuting Hume, why wasn't he concerned with Locke's results? Can one preserve his notion of synthetic apriori (or any form of rationalist epistemology) in the face of Quine's critique? Mathematicians are typically very careful in making sure that they are working with measurable sets (and more specifically Borel sets) when defining predicate calculuses or probability measures. Saying that Kant had a twofold ontology (like DesCartes) is saying that Kant believed the world was made of two types of objects (two ontologically separate categories).