I am not sure that "soul" is very well defined across cultures. But it seems to me that, as James Kingsbery observes, interpretations of Christianity could fit your query, as might modern folk psychology. So, I guess my answer to your question is: no. Have computers indeed enabled mathematicians to "experiment" in ways more analogous to the physical sciences? Does this constitute a stronger argument for the "reality" of mathematical objects? If we talk about "experimental mathematics" is this a form of Platonism or is it cognitive naturalism? Or either one? Odd, I had always imagined these two as complete opposites. The soul in much Christian and Neoplatonist doctrine is "simple substance" in that it is continuous and indivisible. Yet outside of Calvinist predetermination is it clearly "mutable," in that it registers the imprint of our actions. And in some Augustinian interpretations, I believe, the defiled soul is not so much eternally damned, as simply lost to divine life, thus in a sense rendered finally "mortal." I realize this is a big list of questions, overly broad, and I certainly don't expect a "complete" answer. But I would appreciate some general outline or overview of these classic dichotomies. And I'd like to know in what form, if any, they remain "live" questions for analytical philosophy today. Finally, there are many instances in myth in which a "soul" is actively rendered finite, as it is "released" from the confines of its perpetuation, as with the Buddha, Dracula, and various other unearthly Wanderers. To restate, the ancestral dead are, obviously, the origin of all knowledge, concepts, and values to the living. They transferred all the information. But the "value" of the "source of information" is abruptly terminated once they are dead. The Newtonian, "billiard ball" picture of causation is reversible. Run the events backwards and you could not tell the difference. This is why such mechanical causality can be captured in mathematics, where there is no friction, disorganization, or entropy. In Plato's "Myth of Er" at the end of the Republic, not only are "souls" mutable, they are recycled through a kind of plastics factory of mortal destinies. But I would hesitate to say that souls for the Greeks are eternal. As far as I know, that is not entirely clear and consistent. They did not seem to hold ideas of "linear infinity" in our mathematical or Christian sense. It is more as if "soul stuff" gets melted down into the blanks of entirely new persons. When you ask if "causality" requires an "arrow of time," I believe it is not impertinent to say, the opposite is more nearly the case. One form of Platonism entails the actual existence of mathematical objects. Godel and others were known to feel intuitively that they were working with and actually perceiving entities different from, but every bit as "real" as, physical objects. You also ask if this is "just an idea." Teleology and the four Aristotelean "causes" seem to be making a comeback in "emergence," etc., against the old Newtonian, billard-ball model. If, say, "strange attractors" or "black holes" or even "desires" have some causal force, do they act before or after the "effect?" (Confusion of A series, B series time?) Meanwhile, many people in our modern secular age believe death ends it all, yet do adhere to belief in a psyche, an object of "psychology," that is treated as a mutable but continuous identity or "simple" substance, even as its parts are regularly replaced. I'm not sure how else one would define a "mortal" or finite "soul." In reading Koji Karatani's Transcritique, I found myself a bit confused by the distinctions and couplings he draws between these terms in relation to Hegel and Russell. It wasn't actually his approach (I'm not asking about Karatani), but my own poor grasp of traditional metaphysics and vague understanding of these terms. Is this "care for the ancestral dead" an emotional or a rational reaction? If AI captures human consciousness, would it have to model "care for the dead"? How could it rationally go about this? This is so even though the ancestral dead have no further empirical or "use value." In settled (as opposed to nomadic) societies this concern seems to catalyze beliefs, rituals, and institutions, taking many forms. Entropy or the "Arrow of Time" is generally taken as the peculiar directionality of time as increasing "disorder" from some "point of view" and the apparent fact that such a point of view can never actually be eliminated from the picture. What occurs cannot be reversed. The "arrow" does not, cannot possibly, return to the bow. If this is "really" the case, and we assume it really is, then no "cause" is reversible or perfectly repeats itself, and "causation" appears pragmatic or nominalist.