The Assyrian accounting of things was that they deported the entire population, and repopulated the land with other people. This essentially matches the Jewish account. Throughout its history the city lived mostly off of trade (or its empire), and quite well at that during certain points. However, it appears the location wasn't really that useful to an ancient society without that trade flowing into or through it. There is a strip on the coast of North(west) Africa suitable for growing Mediterranean Climate crops, but it doesn't extend very far south of Carthage. So without that existing trade route to service, there wouldn't have been much reason for a civilization to develop there on its own, and the Phoenicians essentially founded those trade routes. The main problem here is that the civilizations of India were almost completely illiterate before the Aryan movements. So what is known about the Dravidian people before that time has to come either from archeology, speculative linguistic studies, or from the writings of their Aryan enemies (clearly not the most reliable of sources there). Primitive Norse and Germanic Cultures used ritual hanging to dedicate prisoners to the Gods, Odin or Wotan. 1) Chariots never charged any formed infantry, ever. They relied on the infantry breaking first at the sight. If they did not, the chariots pivoted and used missile fire at the infantry. Horses don't run into things willingly. It is clear that the opening of ranks is in the Companion Cavalry, not the Phalanx. 2) The troops under Alexander's Personal Command were Cavalry. Not the Phalanx. 3) The Phalanx can't open ranks like that. Chariots don't need to pivot to attack if they were inside the phalanx, they shoot sideways or out the rear, not over their own horses. 4) The Chariots can hit things fine when in motion, its what they train for. In the battle though, Alexander let them pass and rode on, so losses would be minimal. Here is the actual WIKI quote from the Guagamela Entry Attack of the Persian Scythed chariots