If the Pacific Fleet's aircraft carriers been present at Pearl Harbour at the time of the attack, they would also likely have been damaged or sunk. It was a matter of chance that they were away on missions. 

Very few submarines made it into the invasion area, and few of those accomplished anything. 

The point of the attacks was to cripple the Pacific Fleet and thus prevent it from interfering with the attacks that the Japanese intended to make on US possessions nearer to Japan (The Philippines, Wake Island and Guam were also attacked over the next few hours) and on British and Dutch possessions that were also attacked. 

The Me 262 is faster than the Mosquito, but has to carry its bombs externally, which costs speed and range, lacks an electronic navigation system comparable to the Mosquito, and overworks the pilot by requiring him to aim bombs and dodge AAA at the same time. 

Destroying those locks is going to be harder than you think. They are very large, at 110 feet x 1,050 feet, and the lock gates have to have been built to stand up to accidental collisions with large ships (at low speed, admittedly). They weigh up to 730 tons, depending on their height. 

It was not until October 19, 1956, that Japan and the Soviet Union signed a Joint Declaration ending the war and reestablishing diplomatic relations. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_Peace_with_Japan 

Vibrationdata.com Stuka Divebomber 

The Germans were strongly patriotic and wanted to make up for their humiliation in WWI. This was the stronger of the two reasons. 

Whistling Bombs - Straight Dope 

Germany had four types of midget subs of which only one was successful. The first was the Biber. 

The whistles were purposefully attached to the bombs. Their purpose was to weaken enemy morale and to enhance the intimidation of dive-bombing. Look at the Stuka dive-bomber, a similar case. What other purpose did it's sirens have? As far as warning the target, it's too late to get to safety once you hear the whistle if you're not there already (bombs fall fast). Not all bombs were equipped with whistles, but they still all made noise as they fell due to air displacement (just not the famous whistling sound). This Wikipedia page gives one example of bombs that were purposefully fitted with whistles. 

http://www.mofa.go.jp/region/europe/russia/territory/edition92/preface.html 

that the draft treaty, in violation of the Yalta agreement, did not recognize the Soviet Union's sovereignty over South Sakhalin and the Kuril Islands 

Why did World War II-era unguided bombs whine or whistle? | Answerbag 

The Royal Navy had two main submarines. The X-class submarine was built from 1943-1944, eventually replaced by the XE-class submarine. 20 X-class submarines and at least twelve XE-class submarines were built. There were also a few unsuccessful submarines, such as the Sleeping Beauty and the Welman submarine. Six of the X-class were lost in battle and one in training. Another six of the X-class were training-only. The operational X-class were mainly used in preparatory work such as taking surveys of Normandy beach and cutting torpedo nets in harbors. However, six were used in Operation Source to neutralize German warships. All but two of the submarines involved were lost in this operation. XE-class submarines were used similarly. However, only four of them ever saw action. In 1945, they were used to cut Japanese telephone cables off the coast of Vietnam and China. 

In his answer, Schwern makes an excellent point to explain why Japan was in a hopeless situation and why Japan should have surrendered. He also points to some of the factors which worked against a surrender. 

A possible explanation: Supposedly some Allied military travel papers were stamped TOGIB rather than TO GIB (to Gibraltar) to indicate that the soldier was involved in classified missions. Wikipedia says so, and I seemed to remeber that Holt mentioned it in The Deceivers, but it isn't in the index. 

That being said, one of the best rebuttals to the holocaust deniers are people like Oskar Gröning, who admitted his part in the mass murder. He can't testify to the total number, but he did testify to the fact that there were mass killings. 

Edited in response to Schwern's comments: 

Regarding the comments to the question, this goes to the core to what history and historical research are, and possibly appropriate to history stack exchange for this reason. An event took place before you were born, how can you know that it really happened? 

Note that during the Euro crisis Greece demanded the repayment of similar debts; the official German position was that they had been settled with the 1953 treaty and subsequent 1990 agreements. 

The exact number is unknown and will remain unknown. We're talking about social sciences numbers here.