I'd recommend Discipline and Punish: The Birth of the Prison. Michel Foucault is perhaps the most important modern critic of the prison as a social institution. 

UPDATE: With respect to your clarification, I certainly agree indeed that the context of the problem of happiness is ethics. In particular, I submit that the kernel of the problem is that even though we agree human nature aims at happiness, that there are necessarily very different qualities of happiness for different ways of life. 

An ethical analysis seeks to identify different ways of existing and to judge their worth empirically, rather than weigh them abstractly against a set of "universal" values. So ethics is very different than morality. (I believe this can be seen especially clearly in both Spinoza and Nietzsche, who were both called 'immoralists' in their time.) 

In passing, as I alluded in my comments above, there is at least some contention over the idea that an illegal download is morally significant (at least when compared to implicitly supporting the arguably immoral behavior of profit-obsessed music industry executives, the underlying capitalist framework with its tendency to relentlessly exploit artists, and so forth.) 

In particular, I am concerned about the meaning of a certain "non-relation" that our habitual relations with animals tends towards, a gap between animals and human beings; perhaps particularly within the context of the history of philosophy. 

A few thoughts, probably too quickly. It seems to me that an ought could be understood as the "sense" of the moral sentiment, but in particular it is a moral judgment. The sentiment then correlates with a feeling of shame, responsibility, piety -- perhaps at bottom simply the desire to obey. Moral passions are negative in this sense, relying on guilt and deprivation as implicit motivators. Maybe more simply: to my mind the sense of an ought is the constraint of free action, the separation of bodies and forces from what they can do. In this sense the ought subjugates, interposes, nullifies. 

My sense is that this is mainly a rhetorical flourish to provoke thought as he ends up arguing life is indeed worth living after all in his conclusion: 

My suggestion might be to consider the ways in which our desires and expressions have become the objects of a kind of economy of subjectivity, where the substance is often completely lacking -- Zizek is very good on this critical point. He might suggest that today one often has "everything" but the (sometimes malign) property that would also make it "real" or worth it -- coffee without caffeine, beer without alcohol, etc. He says this is one of the ways ideology functions today: it obfuscates the shape of the world, robs us of the very language to articulate our unfreedom.