Pretty unambiguous, right? As the author, your word is law (unless, of course, you're speaking through a first-person narrator). Liminal beings are often depicted as having special powers, that they may not be entirely in control of, as well as an intrinsic ability to shapeshift. This may not be entirely a matter of myth. It seems to me that going down an enumerated list of "attractive" traits is exactly the wrong way to solve this --if it needs to be solved. It may be that your story doesn't required a fully realized love interest for one reason or another. But if that's not the case, you need to create a character you actually find interesting --and NOT just because that person matches your own mental list of for a dream girl or boy. An interesting love interest would be interesting even if he or she wasn't the love interest. Consider the love interest in Almost Famous. What makes her compelling is that she has her own story arc, even including a love interest of her own (that is not the main character). Her story basically stands alone without his. That's a lot of what makes her so attractive to the main character (a thinly disguised stand-in for the writer) and in turn to us, the viewer. This is an especially rich situation if the two sides are in irresolvable conflict in some way or another. Your liminal character can be a way to explore each side in depth --strengths and weaknesses --and to keep your world from becoming too starkly black-and-white in terms of audience sympathies. Usually if the love interest is uninteresting, it's because the author isn't very interested in him or her as a character. There's any number of (often quite successful) books and movies where the love interest is basically a symbol, or a object, or plays a functional role in the story but doesn't have any inner life of his or her own. No one can really answer this for you, it's about what trade-offs you are personally willing to make. This request sounds ridiculous and off-the-wall the way you described it, but it's the publisher's job to know the market, and maybe he's correct that the "Hoodied Hunter" would be a huge success. Paul Simon's producer didn't even ask him before he edited an electric guitar right over top of Paul's quiet acoustic folk song "The Sound of Silence," but without that intervention, Paul might never have had a career. Paradoxically, it may also make it more difficult to highlight what is distinctive about your protagonist. Consider The Great Gatsby --if it was written from Gatsby's point of view, it would have been hard to give that same golden shimmer to his wealth and ambition. Nick's fascination with Gatsby is part of what makes Gatsby fascinating. You can certainly write a successful story or novel with a non-traditional POV --I'm thinking of Room, and The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night Time --it will just be a different kind of narrative. The main thing is that a neutral POV acts like a window onto the wider world of your story --which you can then populate with many strange and interesting things (think Murakami, or Pinkwater). If the POV is non-traditional, much of what the reader's attention will be drawn to will be the inside of the main character's head. That may not be what you want if you're doing sf or fantasy. It's worth noting here that there are two main conceptions of elves. The older conception comes out of folklore and is more or less everyone's intellectual property. The other conception was invented by Tolkien as a composite of the idea of elves and fairies, as combined with his own innovations. Especially if you are writing Tolkien elves, I would go ahead and make something new instead. There is relatively little that has been written about Tolkien elves that hasn't been hopelessly derivative. With that said, it's your character, and if the concept is strong enough to attract the attention of one publisher, maybe you can find another one who is a better fit. You're the only one who can tell if this does irreparable damage to your artistic vision or not. As somewhat of a liminal being myself, I would say the defining conflict for one is to be attached to both worlds, and unable to live fully in one or the other. A typical narrative would be that it tries to commit fully to one side, and then is stopped by something --rejection by that side, friends or relatives on the other side, some intrinsic personality trait from the other side, a sense of guilt, etc. Then it reverses and tries to live on the other side, only to have a new and different set of things pull it back the other direction. If you do decide to accept the hoodie, however, the potential "sloppiness" of the excuse for it is entirely on you. Don't half-step it, or be begrudging --find a way to make it actually work (either straight, or ironic). Otherwise you'll likely be selling out for nothing. If you are writing a book or a story (despite what you may have heard), it is perfectly fine to "tell" not show: I would give two exceptions to this advice, however. 1) If your characters are so obviously and so exactly the standard conception of elves, that every reader will just wonder why you didn't go ahead and call them "elves." 2) If you want people to start from the standard conception of elves just so that you can subvert or alter their expectations in some way.