"Binding and loosing" refers to Matthew 16:19 Notably missing—in either Testament—is any reference to God as “mother,” despite the fact that God clearly has attributes that might be considered “maternal." For example, God comforts His people as a mother comforts her child (Isaiah 66:13); like a nursing mother, He will never forget His people (Isaiah 49:15); He longed to gather Jerusalem as a hen gathers her chicks (Luke 13:34). (See my source for these examples.) There are also multiple references to God’s “tender compassion” (e.g., Luke 1:68-79). *God, in His Divine Nature, is pure spirit, so, strictly speaking, He does not experience the passion of anger. “Anger” is how Israelites experienced the punishment imposed by God. As the Catechism of the Catholic Church puts it, In essence, these are to be taken metaphorically. (This answer is suggested, regarding a slightly different problem, in the answer to objection 3 of I, q. 9, a. 1.) When the Bible makes an metaphorical affirmation regarding God, it is revealing an aspect of God’s unfathomable richness that cannot be fully or adequately expressed in human language. Even the Incarnation does not change God in His Divine Nature. Consider the following passage from the letter of St. Paul to the Philippians: Drug dosage and potency So, what is the problem with the non-therapeutic use of drugs? The fact that they cause “very grave damage on human health and life.” Said in other terms, drugs (when used for recreation) are essentially poisons that happen to have pleasurable side-effects, which can provoke psychological or (in some cases) physical addictions. Transubstantiation occurs during the consecratory thanksgiving during the single act of worship called the liturgy of the Eucharist. During Mass the liturgy of the Eucharist begins a particular time and follows this structure: Now one might ask what if the priest does not finish the consecration for some reason? Say he faints. The wording of the Catechism does not address this directly except it does simply say this in the canon law: This progression for trickster gods to take on a darker persona as the centuries pass is actually quite common (Satan in Job, for example, is not necessarily evil, but is certainly an accuser and adversary, but by Revelation he is patently evil). It is therefore expected that Loki would become more like Satan as Christianity influenced the Norse mythos, because Satan had already progressed into a personification of evil centuries earlier. Without Christian influence, Loki still likely would have become more evil and less trickster, so the rising influence of Christianity in Norse areas and Loki's conversion to an evil character may have been coincidental, however it does seem likely that Christianity at least hastened the process. I don't have easy access to older items, however, 1376 is a quote from the Council of Trent (1500 something). There is very likely some level of influence, however, it is Christianity that influenced myths about Loki. Lucifer: The Devil in the Middle Ages - "The parallels between Loki and Satan are striking but are for the most part Christian coloring of paganism rather than the opposite." The Trickster, the Devil, and an Ambiguous World - The Anthropik Network [Web Archive] - "It’s fairly easy to divide stories about Loki into two historical categories: pre-Christianity, and post-Christianity." A Brief History of the Vikings - "By the [10th century], Loki had perhaps been influenced by several centuries of Christian lore, and was now seen as a far more devilish figure that he may originally have been." Archetypes and Motifs in Folklore and Literature - "Tales of Loki's evil and binding are clearly influenced by the later Christian identification of Loki and the Devil (tricksters, perhaps because of their profane character, are often equated with the Devil if their original culture is converted to Christianity)." Völuspá - New Advent - "Balder, the innocent god, is treacherously slain through the machinations of the wicked Loki." and "Christian influence is not only possible, but certain." Viking Religion - BBC History NOTES While reading Louis Berkhof's Systematic Theology, I found him claiming that Catholicism makes an important distinction between the teaching church (ecclesia docens) and the hearing church (ecclesia audiens): I recently learned that Pope John XXI revoked a decree passed at the Second Council of Lyon (1274). The Catholic Encyclopedia reads: There isn't really a bright line distinction, but John of Damascus (died ~750) is often cited as the last one. For example, Catholic.com: N.B. Some have taken the church's teaching of creationism of the soul (see Catechism 366) and argued that we don't know when God creates the soul in each person. That's likely the argument made by the abortionist you mention, but it's also the exact argument rebutted in Dignitas Personae. Human embryos, according to Roman Catholicism, are always human persons, and thus have souls from their very beginning. It's perhaps worth noting that while the title of "Father" is no longer applied, the Catholic Church continues to recognize important contributors to theology/doctrine, calling them "Doctors of the Church." The most recent of these, Thérèse of Lisieux, died in 1897. Matthew 18:20 is commonly referenced to refer to Christ's presence among his people: The most relevant sections of the Catechism of the Catholic Church seem to be 662 and 664. The first focuses on Christ's priestly ministry: