I am going to explain the Catholic doctrine in terms that a Protestant can understand. I would not usually answer a question best directed to Catholics (as I am a Protestant) but I find there is an extreme different understanding of the terms used. It is necessary therefore to provide translations for the common words that each uses so that the almost opposite meanings can be understood and turned back into ones own frames of reference. 

These are eternal matters that can't be comprehended with human reasoning but are revealed to us through the scripture alone. 

The fourth article just assigns grace as the procuring cause of anything that a man can be enabled to do that is good. Then it is affirmed that grace is not provided to the elect but that all men are provided grace so that they can receive or not receive Christ. The directive of both articles is to establish two things that lay the foundation of all Arminian thought. This is the context of Hebrews and all the warnings in it. Early on in the book we find this argument so clearly laid out. Therefore only those who have genuine faith proven by souls that do not fall away are saved. Those who never had faith prove it by their actions. No matter their confession the Jews in the desert were unwilling to believe so they died: 

http://www.newadvent.org/cathen/07563b.htm Well, both Luther and Calvin would say something along this line: 

The primary objection that unbelief poses is self-righteousness. Unbelief says 'Eternal judgment for all humanity for one sin, is too much!' Not knowing how evil evil is. It also barks, 'if Adolf hitler cried out to Christ in faith on his death bed, he would not deserve to live in blessed glory! That's too much grace!'. 

Man sinned and became guilty and therefore subject to God’s curse under his moral law. Those born from Adam inherited that guilt, and therefore curse unto a sinful nature. The law was added by Moses to highlight man’s inability to perform his own righteousness while also figuratively pointed to a predicted Messiah. A Messiah, God himself took upon human nature in the womb of a virgin, in order to live a life of perfect human righteousness under the law. He alone was able to live that righteous life, as he was also divine. This perfect righteousness he lived in order to provide a means to sinners to become free from the curse of that law. He also was made flesh in order to pay for the penalties of all the transgressions men had made under that law, therefore he could both remove the negative transgression and fulfill the positive requirements of the perfect holy and unforgiving law of God.