while the new I have are these Is this normal and will fade with some wear of the tyres, or do different tyres affect the bike dynamics? connect the hose to the tire valve pull the trigger for a short time release the trigger read the pressure if the pressure is not enough go back to 2 What you don't do is: 

I recently replaced the both tyres on my tourism bycicle, going from a semi slick pair to a threaded pair, but keeping the same size, 700 x 28c. 

The little thing you operate with your finger controls a valve, opening the circuit from the compressor to the tire. Once you release the trigger, the valve is closed and the gauge will measure the pressure in the tire and in the little hose connected to the tire (if the connection to the tire valve is tight). The compressor will be isolated by the valve. While with the old tyres I had to "push in the curve" to keep the bike into the turn, with the new tyres I have to "pull out the curve" to keep the turn. In other words, with the old tyres the turning bike had the tendency to go back straight, while with the new tyres it has the tendency to close the turn. The semi slick I had were these 

Since then I have noticed a different behavior when I bend to turn. the 'glue' has to dry absolutely before you patch (as it's not 'glue' in the sense we know it) 

Since the Little Big Bens are 38-40mm in width, you should be ok with them on the Space Horse ... except .... 

We had those parking stands at my old workplace. They suck: What becomes a problem is if you store the wheels near a DC electric motor that uses brushes. These produce a small amount of ozone, which contributes to the premature destruction of tire rubber. Most AC motors are brushless, so are fine. tl;dr: The 38-40mm Little Big Ben tires will fit your bicycle but (maybe) not your fenders take your bike inside. When they complain, complain back about the parking stand 

The webpage for http://allcitycycles.com/bikes/space_horse clearly indicates that your thickest tire is a 700c x 42. If you're not into bodging fenders, then you would need to get the 37mm fenders and find wheels with a maximum width of 27mm (to be on the safe side). The safest thing is to wait until you have the bike in hand and can measure the actual fork distances and see if the 45mm fenders will fit -- but even then, your tires might not, so you still have to look for thinner tires -- or use different fenders. 

Note that if your bike has a presta or dunlop valve, you'll need either an adapter or a different head. do the above, but remove your front wheel and lock it and the rear wheel and frame with a bigger U-lock 

My guess is that this is either for a child's toy bicycle or for a bike trailer, since those are really the only products that would use a solid tire (ouch ouch ouch) in that size. you want to use the sandpaper or scraper to scrape the rubber to expose some 'fresh' rubber 

The little thing you operate with your finger controls a valve, opening the circuit from the compressor to the tire. Once you release the trigger, the valve is closed and the gauge will measure the pressure in the tire and in the little hose connected to the tire (if the connection to the tire valve is tight). The compressor will be isolated by the valve. Since then I have noticed a different behavior when I bend to turn. connect the hose to the tire valve pull the trigger for a short time release the trigger read the pressure if the pressure is not enough go back to 2 What you don't do is: The semi slick I had were these 

while the new I have are these I recently replaced the both tyres on my tourism bycicle, going from a semi slick pair to a threaded pair, but keeping the same size, 700 x 28c. 

Is this normal and will fade with some wear of the tyres, or do different tyres affect the bike dynamics?