After looking over @twosheds' answer, I think he probably has the right of it. But I still think there's an important general point in here: That votes on parliamentary procedural motions like motions to reconsider, motions to stop debate, motions to amend, etc., are not and should not be seen as equivalent to a vote on the entire measure. I know it has become fashionable these days to rag on representatives who "vote for it before they vote against it", but things like this are part of the process, and it doesn't work nearly as well without them. 

To understand this, its probably best to start by talking about common land and enclosures. 

* - The overt political reasons are so buried in Swiss political minutiae that's it tough to imagine anyone caring, except to use them as a convenient pretense for separatism 

The only place you really have the large straight-line International border is West of the Great Lakes (up until Vancouver)1. Probably the most succinct reason it was made that way, rather than at natural boundaries like everywhere else, was that neither side actually had any citizens settled in that area yet. 

In general, the longstanding legal precedent in the USA is that you cannot have your citizenship involuntarily revoked, and Afroyim is really a re-establishment of that precedent, not a deviation from it. 

The problem with the Logan Act is it historically has never actually been used. The closest it came was a couple of times in the 1800's when a couple people in different incidents got indicted but were never prosecuted. There have been numerous incidents since then equally worthy. In recent times it was threatened with use during the Nixon, Ford, Regan, Bush II, and Obama administrations.* 

Many people blame this on the rise of partisan mass media outlets. I will argue they are quite correct to do so. However, if you look back into history this is really just a return to the way things have historically been. 

Well, the United States aren't exactly tivial to get to from Eurasia, but in its 200 year history has absorbed the following mass migrations: 

If you are generally interested in US borders, a good book to pick up is How the States Got Their Shapes. There was also a series by that name produced for The History Channel. You might be able to find some of it from your favorite streaming TV sources. 

Note that there was a breif time in the late 1960's when more people were against it than for it. 30 years later, people were in favor of it 4 to one. Today, as in 1939, its more like two to one. So you could say, on this issue at least, we are exactly as "liberal" as we were duing the Depression. 

The two platforms are not as disjoint as they may at first appear. Northern business interests did not like the labor market distortions caused by the existence of large amounts of unpaid slave labor. The party's first platform in 1856 was in large part an economic one: (wikipedia) 

Once slavery had been ended, and the Republican Party gave up on trying to push civil rights in the defeated South (in the wake of the election of 1876), that only left the "pro-business" platform of the party standing.