Eastern Orthodox: Vladimir Lossky, in Ware, The Orthodox Way: nullo ergo tempore non feceras aliquid, quia ipsum tempus tu feceras. et nulla tempora tibi coaeterna sunt, quia tu permanes. at illa si permanerent, non essent tempora. Search reveals no other uses of the term in Ware's book. I also checked Orthodox Dogmatic Theology, but didn't find this term applied to God. But Miley argues that in Arminianism, "the principle of freedom" takes a central place, instead of sovereignty as in Calvinism (522). There are distinctions between [the members of the Godhead], but the distinctions are not essential, not of the essence. They are real, but they do not disturb the essence of deity. The distinctions within the Godhead are, if you will, sub-distinctions within the essence of God. Etymologies of essence and entity are from m-w.com. Not simply the power of God Finally, it is widely argued that the Holy Spirit being merely the "power of God" doesn't make sense in light of verses like Luke 4:14: Cum igitur Deus, in cuius aeternitate nulla est omnino mutatio, creator sit temporum et ordinator: quo modo dicatur post temporum spatia mundum creasse non uideo, nisi dicatur ante mundum iam aliquam fuisse creaturam, cuius motibus tempora currerent. Modern/liberal: Schleiermacher, The Christian Faith, 278: From all which we learn that the person of the Holy Spirit was of such authority and dignity, that saving baptism was not complete except by the authority of the most excellent Trinity of them all [Ch. 3] anni tui nec eunt nec veniunt, isti enim nostri eunt et veniunt, ut omnes veniant; anni tui omnes simul stant, quoniam stant, nec euntes a venientibus excluduntur, quia non transeunt. isti autem nostri omnes erunt, cum omnes non erunt. anni tui dies unus, et dies tuus non cotidie sed hodie, quia hodiernus tuus non cedit crastino; neque enim succedit hesterno. hodiernus tuus aeternitas You made time itself. No times are coeternal with you since you are permanent. If they were permanent, they would not be times. (11.xiv) Arminian: Miley, Systematic Theology, v1, 340: This he contrasts with existence, "which is the becoming element." For Sproul, the key is that the word essence communicates immutability or changeless being. Adam Clarke, a Methodist, prefers the first view. He writes: Louis Berkhof treats this language generally, saying,4 tempus sine aliqua mobili mutabilitate non est, in aeternitate autem nulla mutatio est A huge number of scholars have made this argument, including Berkhof, Hodge, and Grudem in the sections mentioned above. An extensive list is also contained in the paper referenced below, beginning on page 67. Naselli and Gons, "Prooftexting the Personality of the Holy Spirit," DBSJ 16 (2011). The analysis of the common argument begins on page 79. A list of adherents to the counterargument begins on page 83. An example of a theologian interacting with the counterargument and rejecting it is found on page 87. The quote is from Berkhof, 1.1.8. And as the creator of time, God is necessarily outside of it – he does not experience it like we do: As to God’s repentance, of which mention is made, there is no need of long explanation. No change belongs to God; but when God is said to turn away his wrath, it is to be understood in a sense suitable to the comprehension of men: in the same way also we are to understand the words, that he repents. (Psalm 85:5; 110:4.) It is at the same time sufficiently evident what God means here, even that he is reconcilable, as soon as men truly turn to him: and thus we see that men cannot be called to repent, until God’s mercy is presented to them. Tertullian One early, clear indication of the doctrine of the personhood of the Holy Spirit appears in Tertullian's work, Against Praxeas, dated around AD 215,1 saying: The Spirit is also presented in parallel with human persons (the Apostles) in Acts 15:28: Summary The term sovereignty is of course extensively used in Reformed theology, but it's also used in other traditions. The authors cited above disagree on what God's sovereignty actually means, but for the most part they are willing to use the word. That is, to Augustine, it is logically impossible for time to have existed without God creating it. Similarly, in the Confessions: With this definition, it's perhaps unsurprising that he sees God as outside time, and, indeed, the creator of it. Now, to your follow-up questions. Regarding the word entity, we know from the above that Sproul doesn't regard it as close a synonym to ousious as essence. As to why, we might speculate that in modern English entity tends to add a sense of separateness. Historically, though both words are rooted in the concept of being, essence enters English earlier and is based on an earlier form of the Latin word esse (to be). This presentation is largely an expansion of Louis Berkhof's Systematic Theology, 1.1.8. Other helpful resources include Wayne Grudem's Systematic Theology, chapter 14 and Charles Hodge's Systematic Theology, 1.1.8.1. John Frame also deals with this verse and ones like it. He says that the Hebrew 'ulay "may be construed anthropomorphically as God's taking their own way of speaking on his own lips." He finds a parallel with Deut 13:3:2 Admittedly, Ott and Denzinger (The Sources of Catholic Dogma) seem to limit their use of the word sovereign, and often apply it when discussing the Catholic Church, not God. Calvin, Commentary on Jeremiah and Lamentations Frame, Systematic Theology, pages 320–21 Frame, Systematic Theology, pages 370–71 Berkhof, Systematic Theology, 1.1.6.B, page 59