For the lay person, I'd start with James McCawley's "To ask a professional linguist how many languages they speak is just like asking a doctor how many diseases they have." This pointing to the dual meaning of the word 'linguist' in English but also to the fact that theoretical linguistics is concerned with general principles common to all languages. is a lawful rephrasing of the previous sentence but Yes, there are many patterns of conceptual organization evident in language.It shows up in all sorts of psycholinguistic effects such as priming as well as in the way language structures are related to one another. One such pattern is represented in the WordNet dictionary relating synonyms, hyponyms and hypernyms in what they call synsets. There is also a pattern of conceptual organization evident in grammar - for instance verbs and nouns differentiate between thing-like and action/state-like concepts. Cases often are used in related areas - e.g. in Czech accusative denotes directionality when not used as direct object. Passive constructions are related to active constructions through the concept of agent-patient, etc. The 'constituency' answer by @jlawler certainly explains the question but perhaps this is a good opportunity to question the whole constituency / negation scope approach to the problem. This may sound funny coming from someone who suggested it in the first place as an answer to the original question. But to explain the ambiguity of Arthur does not discipline his children because he loves them it seemed to be the most expedient approach. We need to return to pragmatics (or frame semantics - as I would call it) to explain the ambiguity. Compare the original sentence with: First, negation with NOT is a construction with a form that looks something like this: NOT _____ with the meaning of 'NOT whatever'. Therefore, the example Because he loves them, Arthur does not discipline his children does not carry the meaning where the Arthur actually does discipline his children. That would have to be expressed as It is not because he loves them, that Arthur disciplines his children. However, just because bracketing the constituents seems to be a good heuristic, it does not necessarily mean that there is such a thing as a scope of negation. I would suggest that a construction / frame-semantic based approach to negation is far more fruitful and would avoid many of the issues Ross had to grapple with in his paper on "Inner Islands". Here are some off the cuff thoughts on this (if anyone has any references to construction work on negation - I'm sure there's plenty, I'd be happy to see). Temporality and causality are related in a similar way. I used the example of 'since'. The original meaning is 'from a time', but because when one thing precedes another, it often causes it (in the same way that voodoo dolls do), the meaning can easily shift into one of causality. 'Since we are here, let's have some fun.'. There are, of course, many more things to read and many more perspectives to consider. This is not just something that can be answered without going into the very foundations of the study of language and that can't (and shouldn't) be done comprehensively on SE. However, we can probably provide a relatively safe starting point. Of course, there is also the construction _ NOT (intonation/irony) that produces sentences like. Well, the easiest thing is to connect similarity and causality. This is the foundation of so called sympathetic magic. If your voodoo doll is similar to you (e.g. by having some of your hair), actions I perform on it, will also happen in you. But there are also many patterns of regularity in language that are clearly not conceptual (or not primarily conceptual). For instance, apart from some subtle symbolism, most phonological relationships are not conceptual. Nor are some things like patterns you only find by analyzing corpora (such as most collocations). Of course, many seeming regularities in language may just be epiphenomenal or their conceptual underpinnings may not present the same way in all speakers. The reading I might recommend at this stage is Stephen Pinker's Language Instinct (although I completely disagree with his conclusions, it is a good initial overview). Or the same works for his two examples: It might also be useful to distinguish linguistics from philology - the latter dealing with a description of specific languages and from pedagogic or prescriptive grammar. Although possibly, if we made the frame more plausible by placing it in time: