So the possibility of ijtihad being wrong exists. But the hakam will be rewarded because he used Quran and Sunna to make a judgment. 

The ayah itself is evidence that allows men to have sex with their wives from any way. Besides a hakam, there's no ijtihad in Deen. The Deen is clear when it comes to haraam and halaal and the obligations. No ijtihad is valid in these things. However, everyone will be rewarded based on their intentions. It's the only Sahih hadith on ijtihad and it's speaking about a hakam. And Rasolullah clearly said a hakam can also be "erred." 

Therefore, no scholar has a right to do ijtihad unless he's a Hakam judging by what Allah has revealed And this ijtihad isn't binding on anyone. 

When a judge gives a decision, having tried his best to decide correctly and is right, there are two rewards for him; and if he gave a judgment after having tried his best but erred, there is one reward for him. Man , woman or adult children each are due to pay zakah if above conditions are applicaple over them.Scholars have mentioned in their fatawas that it is permissible if someone from family pays the zakah on behalf of nisab holder like a woman has enough gold but she doesnt earn then her husband or other could give on behalf of her otherwise she has to give zakat from her Gold. 

Allah Swt and His Messenger knows best. 

Aishah narrated: "When the Prophet opened the Salat he would say: (Subhanaka Allahumma wa bihamdika wa tabarakasmuka, wa ta'ala jadduka wa la ilaha ghairuk)" 'Glorious You are O Allah, and with Your praise, and blessed is Your Name, and exalted is Your majesty, and none has the right to be worshipped but You.'(Tirmidhi) It would be good if you more eloborate your question,However if you have missed the 1st rakah with Imam in prayers then you have to start with Thana or dua Isteftah ,which is regarded as the Sunnah part of the prayer. 

And as you've already mentioned, it's based on Quran and Sunna. Only Allah has the authority to change it, whether it's adding, subtracting, or interpreting. But Ijtihad in of itself is not a source of hukm. 

Besides a hakam, there's no ijtihad in Deen. The Deen is clear when it comes to haraam and halaal and the obligations. No ijtihad is valid in these things. However, everyone will be rewarded based on their intentions. 

Ijtihad is a decision based on Quran and Sunna by a hakam during a judicial case. This is because the Prophet said = 

Sahih Muslim and Jami at-Tirmidhi Therefore, no scholar has a right to do ijtihad unless he's a Hakam judging by what Allah has revealed And this ijtihad isn't binding on anyone. It's the only Sahih hadith on ijtihad and it's speaking about a hakam. And Rasolullah clearly said a hakam can also be "erred."