I am interested in why there seems to be such a difference in the "efficiency" of the health systems between countries having similar economical development. 

I will try to clarify the question by providing an example. Trump has posted the following message on his Twitter account: 

The US saw an 11-point drop in the average score for math, while remaining relatively flat in reading and science. 

The standard of living includes factors such as income, quality and availability of employment [...] quality and availability of education. 

One example of such use is for mental evaluation of drivers, as indicated in this article (my emphasis on aspects that I find relevant for a possible evaluation of a President): 

Questions: Has the US Government acknowledged this slight decline? If yes, have any measures been taken to counterbalance this tendency? 

According to this answer, Standard of Living correlates with higher education: 

So, education quality is important for maintaining a high standard of living. 

Although driving a car (is done by one person) is very different from running a country (an entire staff exists), one could argue that running a country is by far more complex. 

According to this article, there seem to be a debate about Trump's mental health: 

I am not interested in the actual details, only that there is a doubt coming from the some professionals about the mental health of the President. Of course, without proper professional evaluation, everything can be regarded as speculation. 

So, nothing about mental illness. 

This is clearly related to North Korea, and its relations with US. Does this kind of post/message creates the same effect as if it was said during a press conference, a summit? Or these messages are seen as less serious if a social network in used as a channel? 

However, this article tells us the plan to the system that created the situation illustrate above. 

On the theoretical level, according to this article, it is not impossible for one to suddenly develop mental illness, but this is typically linked to other condition. So, it can happen during a four-year term. 

According to [this article] Donald Trump disclosed a few details of one of his previous physical examinations: 

Question: is there a legal way that can be used to force the President of United States to undergo a mental health examination? 

This article tries to grasp the main differences between three developed countries regarding Health Care Systems: 

Due to rapid development and spread of social networks, politicians among other public figures were forced into also using them to communicate various things (e.g. Trump's Facebook account, Trumps Twitter account) 

Health systems within these countries seem to be stable for years, so they are a good reference. 

I mean do they generate the same reaction? e.g. diplomats ask for clarifications when an important politician makes inappropriate allegations about some aspects of his/her country. Or some messages are simply ignored if not made using a classic way of communication (e.g. posted as official announcements or documents on Government's web site, TV broadcasted). 

However, this data seems rather old, since it talks about a great number of people without insurance: 

Google tells us that sunset was at about 6:25 PM (local time), so I assume that was quite dark (Civil Twilight 18:28 - 18:55 on 15th April, source) when the bombing took place. I think only the footage from air is of the actual bombing, all others being from some previous tests (when there was more light). 

Also, it seems that the explosion caught from the air is much larger that what is shows afterwards. But this is in an analysis for Photography SE. 

Question: Considering the US is a highly developed country, why is it so hard to achieve a system that is as efficient as in countries like France, Spain, Austria?