The Wikipedia page on Salvation in Christianity says the following about the Catholic view of salvation of non-Catholics: My first thought was that perhaps a Saint needs a connection to Jesus, which all Christian Saints do. But part of Jesus' claim to legitimacy was that he was a descendent of people like David and Ruth. Furthermore, Moses and Elijah were present during Jesus' transfiguration, so they have a direct connection to Jesus. Yet none of these have the title of "Saint". Why not? Is it accurate to say that this passage is saying that Protestants (or at least those who know the historical basis for the Catholic Church) cannot be saved unless they join the Catholic Church? Or is there something that I am missing? By choosing the name John XXIII when he became pope in 1958 -- which he said was in honour of his father and other previous popes who started their reign later in life, like him -- the 77-year-old pope effectively relegated the deposed papal claimant to a footnote. One nice thing about the Catholic Church is that, because they have 2000 years of history to draw from, they have written a great deal about most every question of faith and have codified it as well. The Catechism of the Catholic Church (CCC) #2629-2633 discusses a prayer of petition (which is the technical term for a prayer where you ask God for something), and the reasons that it is done. In all the passages below, the bolding for emphasis is mine, any italics were in the original. [2417] God entrusted animals to the stewardship of those whom he created in his own image. Hence it is legitimate to use animals for food and clothing. They may be domesticated to help man in his work and leisure. Medical and scientific experimentation on animals is a morally acceptable practice if it remains within reasonable limits and contributes to caring for or saving human lives. Why is Eucharist observed in Catholic parishes every Sunday? Do they observe on other days too? Are Catholics obligated to attend the mass every Sunday? The sale of relics is strictly forbidden by the Church. The Code of Canon Law states: The body of Saint Bernadette covered in wax, believed to be incorruptible by the Catholic church, after she was exhumed three times. The angel of the Lord asked him, “Why have you beaten your donkey these three times? I have come here to oppose you because your path is a reckless one before me. (Numbers 22:32, NIV) [2418] It is contrary to human dignity to cause animals to suffer or die needlessly. It is likewise unworthy to spend money on them that should as a priority go to the relief of human misery. One can love animals; one should not direct to them the affection due only to persons.