Kierkegaard's Fear and Trembling may be of some interest in this context as well. My sense is that this is mainly a rhetorical flourish to provoke thought as he ends up arguing life is indeed worth living after all in his conclusion: To me this would seem to be a significant problem. I'm definitely not an expert on Pascal, so you may wish to take this with a grain of salt. Singer outlines his claim in a little more depth in the next paragraph: A work I would highly recommend is a book by Gilles Deleuze called Nietzsche and Philosophy, which is a cautious, systematic and intensely earnest reading of Nietzsche's oeuvre. Brisoline writes about this work (in her review of the text in The European Legacy) that "[t]he fecundity of this reading and the breadth of its implications can hardly be overestimated." I will have to defer to classicists and Plato scholars for secondary literature on the theme in the Platonic oeuvre. Note the bibliography for Wikipedia's entry on "daemons" in classical mythology cites M. Joyal's "To Daimonion and the Socratic Problem" (from Apeiron, vol. 38 no. 2, 2005); I can't speak to the text but it sounds like it may be worth a look. More broadly, I might suggest that Deleuze and Guattari, as well as philosophers like Nietzsche and Spinoza, might have a lot to offer here given their concern with psychology and emotions. As far as critical interpretations, note that Slavoj Zizek talks about this movie a bit here and there. The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy's entry on Malebranche contains an extended section discussing this point, and was very helpful in sorting out the issues surrounding him and occasionalism for me. You can read Malebranche himself making this claim in these dialogues (PDF), specifically dialogue 4, section 11. In passing, note that Freud has a lot to say about fear and anxiety, but the presentation is decidedly more 'enclosed' than those of the aforementioned writers. One traditional interpretation is that Malebranche advances this claim in response to Descartes' dualistic hypothesis. But occasionalism itself was already a very old doctrine (in fact even in Aquinas' day) and Malebranche seems to have been more concerned with defending occasionalism against a number of other common objections to it. It should be noted that there is a moral dimension here as well: we take simple physical pleasures to be true causes of our happiness, yet in fact God is the only true cause of anything whatsoever; all creatures are completely and continuously dependent on him. God is the only entity capable of being a true and necessary cause. Nevertheless God observes "order" in creating and conserving the universe, constraining himself through certain logical and physical rules: More generally, the theme of virtual reality is covered fairly deeply by Baudrillard and to some extent Paul Virilio (note that a hollowed-out copy of Baudrillard's Simulacra and Simulation appears in one of the earliest scenes of the film.) For a somewhat different take on the problem of simulation in general you may wish to compare de Landa's Philosophy and Simulation. So the ideas below may not be expressed with your sensibilities in mind, but they are certainly not meant to insult anyone. He does say that philosophy makes stupidity something shameful, but again this is not exactly an insult to anyone -- given again that he emphasizes that philosophy is at its most positive as an enterprise of critique, dispelling the various myths that stupidity falls for. Keith Ansell Pearson also has an excellent entry on Nietzsche in the "How to Read" series that is well worth a look. Since it is rather central indeed, the question of suffering is addressed in some depth. Google says the word shows up on 24 pages; I'll quote part of the first result to give you an idea of the style: Finally note that pleateau/chapter 10 of A Thousand Plateaus, "Becoming-Intense, Becoming-Animal", explicitly delves into the problem of demons -- "It can be said that becoming-animal is an affair of sorcery because (1) It implies an initial relation of alliance with a demon..." (p. 272)