I cannot find a reference that he did, but it's possible he may have on a specific issue. From my research there is no evidence that he every called Calvin "the son of the Devil" and in fact those are Calvin's words, not Luther's. 

Likely this fear was motivated by the heated debates between Luther and Zwingli over the presence of Christ in communion. 

However, it seems, while they had significant theological differences in many areas. Luther appreciated Calvin and Calvin appreciated Luther. 

(1) Martin Luther and John Calvin (2) Schaff, History of the Christian Church, VII, p. 661. (3) The Relation Between the Lutheran and Calvin Reformation (4) Zwingli and Luther: The Giant vs. Hercules 

Calvin and Luther were contemporaries, both living in Europe during the early to mid 1500s. However, Luther was born in the 1480s and Calvin was born in 1509. Also, while both men were fluent in Latin, each wrote the majority of their works in their native tongues. Calvin in French, Luther in German. 

There is little (if any) evidence that Luther ever addressed Calvin's position on the Lord's Supper specifically. However, due to the debates with Zwingli and Calvin's acknowledgement that his position was more similar to Zwingli's than Luther's he recognized that he certainly put himself in position to be the target of heated name calling or other insults from Luther. 

This was a discussion of Luther's possible reaction to Calvin's views on the Lords Supper which were a marked contrast both from Rome's view but also Luther's. This was an acknowledgement both to how indebted he felt to Luther, and his strength of will that he was willing to disagree with Luther and potentially face his notorious wrath. 

The reason I ask is that people sometimes emphatically state that the 6 AD census was the first and thus Luke must be wrong to tie it to Jesus' birth. (Whereas grammatically it is possible that Luke is saying "the census before that one".) I am just wondering if there is any hard data behind this statement, or if it as exactly as it appears - an overstatement of the confidence with which we know this "fact". 

1 Encyclopedia Judaica: Leprosy 

tsara'ath (leprosy) In regard to צָרָ֫עַת/tsara'ath (usually translated leprosy, although as Daniel points out the symptoms don't really match those of leprosy) specifically, the illness usually develops after a person attempts to challenge authority, a strong indication that it is the result of a specific sin. For example, after Miriam challenged Moses (Numbers 12:10–15) and after Gehazi disobeyed Elisha (II Kings 5:20–27). 

In the thirty-ninth year of his reign Asa was diseased in his feet, and his disease became severe. Yet even in his disease he did not seek the Lord, but sought help from physicians. And Asa slept with his fathers, dying in the forty-first year of his reign. (II Chronicles 16:12-13)