— NOTE: My own translation, so treat with care. The narrator said: Hence she was called martyr. She read the Qur'an. She sought permission from the Prophet (ﷺ) to have a mu'adhin in her house. He, therefore, permitted her [to do so]. Al-Waleed ibn 'Abdullah ibn Jumai' The first chain of narration is: Declarations about such matters requires knowledge and awareness of the extent of blessings, that are unknown without a revelation. No one should declare [anything] about said matters without knowledge. It is not known that any of the Muslims attributed additional virtue to Laylat Al-Isra' over other nights, especially over Laylat Al-Qadr. Neither the companions, nor those who followed them with good conduct, intentionally dedicated Laylat Al-Isra' with any additional matters; they did not even mention or know which night it was. There is nothing in the Qur'an or authentic hadiths that mentions anything about Iblees praying on an unfolded prayer mat. There is also nothing in the Qur'an or authentic hadiths that refers to Iblees, or any other shaytan, praying in the first place. She announced that her slave-boy and slave-girl would be free after her death. One night, they strangled her with a sheet of cloth until she died, and they ran away. Next day 'Umar announced among the people, "Anyone who has knowledge about them, or has seen them, should bring them [to him]." 'Umar, after their arrest, ordered to crucify them, and they were crucified. This was the first crucifixion at Medina. Ibn Al-Qayyim in his book Zaad Al-Ma'aad,while commenting on Qur'an 2:155-157 said (paraphrased): Narrated that Abu Huraira said: Whoever fasts on the day of the twenty-seventh of Rajab, Allah will award him the fasting of sixty month; it is the day that Jibril (ﷺ) descended on the Prophet (ﷺ) with the Message. Whoever dedicates special places or times with acts of worship following this or that [not following what the Prophet (ﷺ) did], he and his likes resemble the people of the Scripture, who turned the time of specific occasions related to Jesus Christ into seasons of worship, such as his day of birth [Christmas], the day of baptism, and other occasions of his. The chain of narration of this hadith is: First of all, may Allah cure your mother, and grant her full and speedy recovery. To pass this test, and it is indeed a tough one, is to accept the calamity and realize that irrespective of all, we all return to Allah one day, through a terminal disease or otherwise. If one accepts his fate and seeks Allah's mercy, one will get it and more: — NOTE: My own translation, so treat with care. It appears from these hadiths that if a woman leads other women in prayers, she stands among them, and not in front of them. He said in Al-Sobol: And this hadith proves that a woman can lead her family in prayers, even if there were men amongst them, as there was one who acted as her mu'adhin, and he was an old man as per the narration. It appears that she [Umm Salama] used to lead him, her slave boy, and her slave girl in prayers. Those who approved of a woman leading the prayers as such are Abu Thawr, Al-Muzni, and Al-Tabari, and the rest opposed this interpretation.