But melting the statue and making a plate from the bronze terminates the object bronze statue and creates a new object bronze plate. 

Descartes was educated in a college run by Jesuit priests. Here he received an in-depth training in scholastic philosophy. 

2) The following book of Henrik Walter deals with the whole subject on the base of neurophilosophy: 

I consider the success of natural science the strongest argument for the existence of "real" external objects. It is very influential in so far it convinces at least all natural scientists :-) 

On the other end of the spectrum we have people who emphasize just the opposite assessment: Life has no value in itself. As a consequence it is up to each person to determine the length of his life and in particular to end his own life by suicide. 

As a consequence, Omega_QQ contains the classes of the particular sequences small-omega with elements a_n = 1/n and big-omega with elements b_n = n. small-omega is infinitesimal because it is non-zero and smaller than every fixed positive number. While big_omega is infinite because it is greater than any fixed positive number. 

Second, it is possible to resist the view that all future events are determinate as a matter of logic. Your intuition is right that we cannot learn something about the world by pure a priori reasoning. This intuition can be implemented here by noting that determinateness of propositions is a linguistic principle (that all sentence have a truth value). The ontological counterpart would be: all objects have determinate properties. While the linguistic principle can be accepted a priori, its ontological counterpart can only be known by experience. 

First it should be noted that we are not merely assigning classical probabilities to quantum particle positions, but complex numbers (and in composite systems, not only to individual positions, but to possible configurations of the whole system). Probabilities are calculated from the complex coefficient. That explains the interference pattern (different "possibilities" are "interacting" because of the way complex numbers add up) but if probabilities were assigned directly to the system, QM would loose most of its puzzling features. 

What you are advocating is that the wave-function would be a compressed object for storing efficiently, in a computer, the state of systems, and that the dynamic of the universe would apply to these compressed objects, which would explain the puzzling features of QM. 

But melting the statue and making a plate from the bronze terminates the object bronze statue and creates a new object bronze plate. 

Cantor rejected infinitesimals because the product of an infinitesimal with a fixed, finite non-zero remains infinitesimal. The Archimedean axiom does not hold in Omega_QQ. Hence - according to Cantor - infinitesimals do not represent the length of any line; they are no "linear numbers". In addition, Cantor considered the multiplication of infinitesimals with transfinite ordinal; but it remains unclear how Cantor thought this multiplication to operate. 

1) Aristotle develops his classification from the study of mesocosmic (= middle world) objects only. Further stimulation came from the discussion of Plato's theory of forms. E.g. causa formalis resembles the Platonic concept of form. 

2) I agree with you that causa finalis does not apply to physical objects. But to a certain degree it applies to animals and plants when considering the role of genes. Of course, the genotype defines only the domain of possibilities. Not every possibility will be realized. Most of all causa finalis describes the way that humans make their decisions. 

Aside, I admire your coloured figures :-) 

Aristotle introduces the principle of hylomorphism in Metaphysics, book I, chapter 3. In this book Aristotle presents the first European history of philosophy. He recalls and classifies the philosophy of nature as given by his forerunners, the Ionian and Italian philosophers as well as his teacher Plato. Aristotle presents theirs views, gives a critical evaluation and compares them to his own principle of explanation. 

I consider the success of natural science the strongest argument for the existence of "real" external objects. It is very influential in so far it convinces at least all natural scientists :-) 

As a consequence, Omega_QQ contains the classes of the particular sequences small-omega with elements a_n = 1/n and big-omega with elements b_n = n. small-omega is infinitesimal because it is non-zero and smaller than every fixed positive number. While big_omega is infinite because it is greater than any fixed positive number.