If you have 600 question votes but 2400 answer votes, that means you are not eligible. If you want to be eligible, you'll have to vote for a lot more questions. What are the needful steps that can help on troubleshooting OpenID login issues? One way is as you saw with Subsonic -- where they simply provide a single link to Stack Overflow among other links of places people can go to discuss Subsonic. I think that's an OK nudge and if you want to seed it with one or two questions yourself, that's fine too. I think this idea of using Stack Overflow as an official support forum is inside-out : the community has to adopt the project, find it of interest, and talk about it on Stack Overflow. They do not qualify for this badge. Pay attention to the required voting ratio. Pushing to one particular destination from inside the project feels like forcing a fit for the community rather than letting one organically evolve. Suddenly it looks as if you sent this from your account. I would have rejected them as well, for the exact same reason. Please don't copy man pages verbatim into a tag wiki. All content on the Stack Exchange is licensed under the CC Wiki license. By copying the Linux man pages verbatim you are in effect trying to re-license that content, without stating any proof that you have the right to do so. Note that the rejection reason states: Because you received the resulting email and clicked on the link, Careers has registered the email as being yours and associates it with the account you are logged in with. This sort of makes sense as you can fill in any email address when applying. The Recent Names list in your profile is only visible to you and to moderators; it holds names you used in the past 90 days. Moderators also have access to a separate history log that includes all name changes. This information is otherwise not visible to anyone else. The moderator that deleted your account assumed you were a sockpuppet account for your friend, and acted accordingly. Since you upvoted all eighteen of your friends posts (not just one), that is not surprising. Stack Exchange works by ensuring that the best information rises to the top. Voting specifically for content that benefits your friends, family or colleagues unfairly skews that system. Two options as to what happened here: If you can refrain from voting for your friend's posts in the future, you are welcome to use your new account.