I know that Cicero was an important political figure, an adherent of the skeptic school (to a greater or lesser extent) and I believe that his prose is meant to be magnificent (though I'm no classicist). But what did he add to philosophy itself? 

However his form of noncognitivism skeptism does seem to relate to Buddhist thought on this matter. The Buddha refused to engage with questions such as the eternity of the universe which seems to me to be a similar attitude. The book The Shape of Ancient Thought gives a fuller discussion of this area. I've heard good things about it but I haven't (yet??) read it myself 

Not strictly related but there is firm evidence of Buddhism in contact with the Greek world in the canonical Buddhist text The Questions of King Milinda - a debate between a Buddhist monk and an Eastern Greek king. To be fair it would be surprising if they didn't come into contact as the Greek empire next door to the India. 

The earliest example that I have heard being advanced is that of Pyrrho the ancient Greek skeptic. He travelled with Alexander the Great and would have had access to Eastern Philosophy though I don't know of any specific evidence linking him with Buddhist though. 

I know that he was an important transmitter of philosophical though from the Greek to the Roman world and so onto the modern period. However Sextus Empiricus and Diogenes Laertius were also important transmitters of philosophical knowledge but they get much more of a passing reference in the history books. 

Socrates was a living person, and was really sentenced to death. He wasn't the only one being sentenced to death for contrived reasons during that time in Athens. People fleeing Athens for fear of persecution sometimes referred to Socrates death for justification. I see this as some form of convention, because the accusation "not holding the gods in honor" often just masked reasons more closely related to xenophobia, and referring to Socrates allowed the victims to avoid giving the real reasons why they feared persecution. 

Edit I just tried to get access to the tertiary literature again from where I took the information in this answer, in order to be able to cite the sources they reference. This wasn't successful, but I found that most balanced accounts of the Socrates trial also contain the information to which I referred in this answer. Hopefully the following quote clarifies the significance of the "contrived reasons": 

Important support for Stone's conclusion comes from the earliest surviving reference to the trial of Socrates that does not come from one of his disciples. In 345 B.C.E., the famous orator Aechines told a jury: "Men of Athens, you executed Socrates, the sophist, because he was clearly responsible for the education of Critias, one of the thirty anti-democratic leaders." 

Luckily for his mental health and sanity, when he takes a break from philosophy, nature herself resuscitates him. 

This brings Hume to wonder, why does he keep philosophising at all. What in it is worth the self-inflicted misery? 

One memorable case of a great philosopher's rest is David Hume's account in the Treatise of Human Nature. Hume complains that his deeply skeptical conclusions cause him misery. 

Another motive force is his fear from superstition, to which reason and philosophy are the best antidotes. Even a mistaken philosophy is safer than superstition. 

And he finds that he does have, after all, a natural inclination, an unrelenting curiosity about his own motives and reasons, that brings him back again and again to philosophy. 

Philosophy itself is often said to have been born out of ancient myth. The distinction between appearance and reality has been a constitutive part of philosophy, and right from the start. The earliest known philosopher in the West, Thales of Miletus (c. 600 BC) is reported to have theorized that "Water constituted (ὑπεστήσατο, 'stood under') the principle of all things". By that he is believed to have meant, that although there appear to be many unrelated things, and many unrelated events, in reality there is one principle, one ground, one explanation behind it all, and that one principle is identical with what we think of as water.