The second blank is your protagonist's character flaw. 

That said, in practice you are likely to make much more progress if you learn the genuine teachable skills. The trick is to tell the true teachable skill from all the silly rules out there masquerading as writing skills. And you also do have to remember that writing is not wholly teachable. There are tacit elements to it that you only learn by reading and writing. 

This is part of a more general principle which I would describe like this: The power of story is far stronger than the power of words. Indeed, if words have any power at all, it is only because they invoke stories. The emotional moments in your story will get their emotional punch from the shape of the story, not the words you choose to describe them. 

Is it a skill like walking, for instance? We don't teach our kids to walk. (They don't have enough language to take instruction anyway.) Kids teach themselves to walk. They learn by trying to improve their ability to get from A to B. Some of the intermediate means they discover in the process are pretty funny, before they finally figure out walking. Walking is learnable, but not teachable. 

That's raising the stakes. The desire is the same, but the thing you have to give up, or put at risk, to achieve your desire is higher. That's stakes, just as the money you bet in a poker game is stakes -- the thing you risk to attain the desired reward. 

Then there is installing a home theatre system. This is a fully teachable skill. A manual can tell you how to attach all the wires in the right places and if you pay attention, and the manual is correct, you can complete the task successfully the first time. This is a fully teachable task but is not really learnable. You need the information in the manual. 

This is really a question about what type of skill writing is. 

So, if you want to appeal equally to both sexes, you would do best to write a novel that is observational, non-judgemental, and deals with a subject of equal interest to both sexes. 

As I'm writing I may well come to a point where I want the character to do something but am not sure of the appropriate language. At this point I mount a little mini-topic research expedition and get exactly what I need. Then I get back to the story. I keep each topic research article, usually about 300-600 words with the rest of the notes in case I need a refresher. 

MACBETH [Within] Who's there? what, ho! 

It is entirely possible that your story has information gaps, or places where clarity can be improved. If so, that's the information you want to put in. 

There are a couple of techniques that aid sensible expansion but none of them are a magic bullet. What these amount to is you allowing yourself room to do other things. I shall explain as I go: 

LADY MACBETH A foolish thought, to say a sorry sight. 

Notice how each beat changes the mood of the scene. Lady Macbeth foreshadows her own creeping madness in the first beat. The second beat wipes this soupy descent from attention as the two panicking murderers face each other for the first time after the deed. The third beat shifts gear again as the two, over the initial shock, fall to contemplate the act. 

I am not a publisher, so perhaps someone will correct me, but if your book is good, they'll publish it. I can't for the life of me see any good reason why not. 

Lastly, it's very easy to think of many reasons why something may not work. My advice is to write your book, and try get it published. See what happens! 

Marketing tours and suchlike are not barriers to you being published; not all published books have these sorts of events. If the book is promising enough that they want to do these sorts of events, lucky you! Angry Robot (British-based publishers), for example, published Zoo City by Lauren Beukes, who lives in South Africa, and I believe she's recently flown to various countries to promote the book on the back of its success. She didn't have to relocate. 

On the subject of distrust, the content of the book demonstrates your English, not the fact you don't live in the UK or the US. I would seriously doubt that anyone would be put off by the fact that you're a non-native speaker if your book is good, and well-written. 

In these days of internet connectivity and video phone calls, it's far less of a hassle to organise meetings and discussions. 

Within both of these broad beats we could break the scene down into further, smaller beats. The murder beat could require a visceral moment of denial, a terrifying moment of action, and a descending moment of realisation of what has been done. Then the character beat can proceed as detailed above. 

Beat 2: Macbeth enters and the next beat begins. The two characters are now "in the moment" of having just conducted an act of murder. Shakespeare shows that these two people are united only in this murderous act. They both panic and although both kind of converse they are more talking to themselves than communicating with each other. Each is alone in their own experience. They both talk about noise but in each case they are talking about something different. Macbeth is talking about the noise of the murdered as he stabbed them in their beds. Lady Macbeth talks about owls screaming and crickets crying, the natural world reacting to the death of a monarch in a more spiritual way. Again Shakespeare is telling you Lady Macbeth is going to go mad one way and Macbeth, formerly uncertain about his capacity to kill for power is already acclimatising to his new role as murderous tyrant. This beat aims for a brief flutter of panic, trying to push the audience's heart rate up a little but only for a moment.