Basically, the title here grabs the attention of the OP, without scaring them off. Also, shouldn't they be made stricter? If a guy like me can get in, anyone can ;-) The information that said request is supposed to fetch is never fetched for the last IPs, leading to a bunch of loading icons. Frankly speaking, the info that the request fetches isn't that important. Answering will be re enabled on your question once the above issues are fixed. http://chemistry.stackexchange.com We need something scary, but not as scary as "closed" (which just makes the OP give up) Now I don't know what happens if we go through with this migration, but it would probably lead to the post being lost in some vortex of doom. Could this be fixed? >>Hides from Jeff and his big S So I was rooting around Careers, trying to discover what it exactly was. Another thing that it does is make it hard (no message reply button) to reply to the chat message that you've edited, while the original owner can. Ditto for starring; the original owner can star it but you can't. There's another side to this. From what I've seen on Quora, their "this post needs work" messages are largely ignored. While these messages don't have an "or else" clause, they do attract the occasional downvote, and are rather similar in nature to this feature. We may have a similar problem with anything of the form "Please improve this post"- folks may just ignore it. The blog engine already has a tagging feature. I propose that the community bulletins take posts from blogs in the following manner: We've granted you special access to a private beta preview, which you van visit at: Moderators can choose closed sites as migration destinations IMO this isn't a major thing, as mods are the only ones who can edit the messages of others. And we do it rarely: I saw the invite-only thingy, but found out that you could get one via GitHub. Fully expecting to have it declined, I try the GitHub option. And, surprisingly, I get an account{*}. Whenever one uses the IP xref tool, one request per IP is made to the server. This means, whenever investigating a user with too many IPs, I hit the ratelimit. This means two things: The proposal to create a Chemistry Stack Exchange site has moved on to beta! Could those requests be batched up or something? Agreed; the current wording can be pretty confusing from what I've seen. This is a site for Scientists, academics, teachers and students. As one of 204 people who committed to the site, we need your help! So this is probably bydesign, and will probably be declined if you make it into a featurereq. All sites which don't have their own blog are notified of every blog post on blog.stackoverflow.com (which is run by SEI, not by the community, and contains both SO-specific and network-wide posts). Could someone please fix this in the Area 51 emails? Since a lot of the Area 51 commiters are SE newbies, this sort of makes a bad impression. Sort of. I'm not that active on GitHub (Technically, I'm not even a programmer)--I created an account just recently, and most of my commits are minor changes. I do participate in a collaborative project, but I've just made a small commit to it (it recently shifted to Git, so my previous commits aren't there). This is an issue with Google Prettify, I think. While a custom message may be the best, why not add a compulsory field where the mod can list some/all the bad reviews made by the user? This will ensure that examples are given, so the user will know which reviews were bad and can learn from it (or put a focused complaint on meta as opposed to a generic "I am banned and I have no clue why" one). Data collected in this field might lead to further improvements of the audit system as well. It's quite annoying to have irrelevant posts show up in the community bulletin (not to mention ones with titles in caps that grab everyone's attention). In this specific case, most of the people who see this won't be eligible to vote, and even if they were, you may not want votes from them (for an election, one prefers informed votes, not votes from people who visit the site once a year and have the bare minimum rep for voting). (See also) Ah, you're talking about non-secret hats as well. I see no issue in doing it for those, then :) Should do the trick. (I think) Edit: OK, I tried it with a dummy post. The migration is immediately rejected (i.e, the close reason is "off topic", and our good friend Community♦ locks it). Not too bad, but it's still a bug. So, I'd like to ask: What are the rough requirements for an account via GitHub? (Rough since it's probably all hush-hush due to gaming) While we're at it, why not link to the relevant audits for auto review bans as well? *Now that I have one, I'd like to keep it, thank you very much :) Basically, when you edit a message, the system treats it as yours to some degree. Just for the record, my GitHub profile is: https://github.com/Manishearth . And how useful is this feature, really? All it does is make downvoted answers hard to read--and you can glean quite a bit of information from downvoted answers. Pretty useless :/ Then again, the mobile site is supposed to have limited functionality anyway[citation needed]. In addition, there's a way of getting the hat details if you know the name (no, not telling you, but it's rather obvious if you muck around). So I doubt this will be implemented.