There are many ways to do this. Most are horribly flawed. There must absolutely not be any kind of public showing off of "trust rates" or something. To address point #4 though - the problem I (and I'm sure many other people) have, as stated before, is that the content, once deleted, vanishes completely off the face of the earth. If there's stuff people love and that has been popular for a long time, there is no reason for it not to be accessible somewhere. If it's switching to a more correct answer, it is the right thing to do. Users who don't know what debugging is. Guidelines for building non-english communities and applying the SE culture to those sites (well, or not) But all these things are still possible to do, and they happen every day. The really interesting conversations sometimes take place in the comments sections. Rather few of them, that is true, but that is not necessarily only down to the system. To me, the only thing that is okay to do is to place a calm, polite comment saying something to the effect of "At the moment, there's nothing here than a feature list - please add what you have tried, and where exactly you are stuck." or whatever fits the situation best. Still, I'm not sure whether this particular thing is a good development. The rep count on Stack Overflow used to tell me something about the user - yes, always with consideration for the inherent weaknesses of the reputation metric, and taken with a huge chunk of salt. But still. I have the feeling the metric is getting seriously watered down by this trend. I also don't really mind those users gaining reputation as such, but my impression is that it is becoming increasingly difficult to tell from the reputation count whether it's a) a true expert in their field who is moderately active on Stack Overflow, or b) a particularly persistent question asker. Currently, there is no way for me to explicitly tell the system that I trust or distrust these users. Voting doesn't work for this: I may not be active in the same tags as them, or they may not be answering much on SO in the first place, but be busy editing and commenting. Or the bulk of their activity will be on Meta. Or I will know them personally from conferences and such, rather than the site itself. And one vote is only a drop in the bike-shed-ridden bucket anyway. Very, very well said as always. I am starting to think, in a 180° turn from what I used to think, that maybe it's even time to devalue questions once again, from +5 to something even lower, or abolishing rep gain on question upvotes altogether, and creating other ways of rewarding good questions. To me, a properly set up archive hosted by a professional business with big servers is the only real solution, and there is no business more suitable for this than Stack Overflow. I realize this is a huge enterprise, and will take a lot of time to do. But I'm sure some sort of official commitment that this is planned (and that, by extension, all the contributions we are quarreling about are under no circumstances completely lost) would help the deletion discussions lose their edge a bit. Bottom line: Jon couldn't be #1 with the "interest" coming from his past contributions alone - I'm sure most of the top 10 users would gain 200 rep every day without any activity. He's #1 simply because of an insane amount of continued activity that manages to gain many many accept marks. A crowdsourcing interface to get things translated (assuming that's the road that's going to be taken for translation - it would make little sense not to, though?) Also, if I understand it correctly, questions disappear from the queue once they have been closed, so there is no way to review the 10k+ community's recent decisions. Once a user becomes a trusted user, the words "trusted user" would show up in their profile; no other public recognition is given. Be very, very careful with harsh comments, though. Commenting "we are not going to do your work for you" or similar is too rude and hurtful - most lazy questions are asked in some sort of good faith. Many users simply don't know what to ask because they don't know anything about how things are done. It is usually best to be polite, no matter how aggravating the OP's behaviour is.