Just off the top of my head, I thought of: Use a humidifier. Don't let salt or chlorine dry on the skin. In case you visit a local pool or something. Protect your baby's skin from the elements. Make sure when you take her out that she's thoroughly covered and protected from the wind and cold. ETA: As for her dandruff: She probably has cradle cap which is an incredibly common condition. Both my kids had it. It's really hard to get rid of altogether, but you can sort of minimize it. When I washed my kid's hair, I would take a really soft baby brush and sort of massage their scalp in circular motions while the shampoo was still in their hair. This will help loosen some of the dry skin and you can just rinse it away. It probably won't get rid of it 100%, but it should help. I've also heard you can use olive oil to do this, and once I got really desperate and used a combination of shampoo and baby oil on my daughter's scalp, but it took FOREVER to get all the oil out of her hair. There are also some cradle cap shampoos you can buy at any big box store if some of the home remedies don't help. If it's REALLY bad and none of this helps, then you should probably talk to your doctor about it. Cognitive Social Emotional (sometimes this is combined with #2) Physical (which includes mobility but mostly fine and gross motor skills in general) Visual Aural Oral (This doesn't just include language, but also eating and the ability to properly manipulate the mouth/tongue which will influence language development) Technically, 5 and 6 aren't true milestones, but from my own experience I truly believe that these two things are important enough to warrant a separate point. Before we got C's new RGP lenses, she was starting to get well behind on her development, but as soon as we changed she began hitting milestones like crazy and is completely caught up. The same is true with her language development. We had a really hard time with ear infections for a few months, and a couple of weeks after we had tubes put in her vocabulary just exploded. I can't prove that the tubes were the primary reason for that...it might just be that she was due for a vocab explosion anyway, but I don't believe it's a coincidence. I've listed a couple of websites below with some good general milestones (but it seems like every website has a different list). We've simply avoided asking them to sit for us, but now they are offering (frequently) and are starting to understand (I think) they aren't wanted as baby-sitters. Both my husband and I have tried to be clear that it isn't a matter of "irritation" but that there are certain things we want for our baby (like not choking on candy that is too big for her, starting with non-sugary foods for nutritional taste development, tracking what she is eating so we can figure out what she is sensitive to and having her needs met in a reasonable amount of time - including needs for attention). That last one is the working method at this point, but it seems - I don't know, physically harsh. I'm has gentle as I can be, really providing a block more than putting any pressure on him, but I wondered if there were any methods out there I am missing. Personally, in a non-crowded situation, I would not hesitate to take the baby for a walk as soon as I felt up to it - usually within days of birth. In a store, these generally come in boxes of 50 or 100, and when ordering online sometimes they are sold in cases (10 boxes of 50-100 gloves). So if you are searching online and they seem expensive, check to see how many gloves you are getting - it could be 1000! A family member of mine is a mechanic with a baby. Typically, mechanics wear disposable gloves, not only to keep hands clean but to reduce exposure to solvents and chemicals that can be absorbed through the skin. There are many options available which can be purchased online or through a hardware store or auto parts store. You can choose from latex, chloroprene (grip well in wet, puncture resistant), nitrile gloves (come in several thicknesses, seriously puncture resistant, used in medicine), and synthetic gloves (like latex but for people allergic to latex). Kids that get used to constant compliments also start to take the absence of a compliment as a failure. Which puts you in a position where just because you didn't notice your child picked up two toys without a reminder, you are sending a "bad" message by not commenting on this good act. "mommy and me" classes are a good way to meet other moms and their kids (and create some early kid socialization and friendships with moms of kids of the same age as yours - this might lead to cool friendships for the kids later on). Is there a place she and the toddler can take a class while the baby is cared for that would be of interest to them both? Again, athletic activities like swimming are offered at the YMCA. Some private schools also have such programs in the after-school hours as additional income for the school and I've known of boutique baby stores that offer such classes at the store site as well - a simple search online for your area should yield something.