But you are also asking if we can "trust" experts, knowing that in a few decades they'll be proved wrong or foolish. If you had an infected leg in the 1800's they sawed it off. Without anesthetic. Did you trust your doctor back then? What other choice did you have? In fact mathematicians can even define the sum of an uncountable collection of real numbers (although if the sum is finite, we can prove that all but countably many of the summands must be zero); yet, uncountable additivity is not required of a measure. The struggle to find good definitions is at the core of the development of mathematics. So when you ask, "... how to make sure a definition captures the intutive reasoning correctly, taking all special cases into account? the answer is ... if we knew, we'd bottle it and give it to the undergrads. There's no magic formula for progress. Without countable additivity, it seems – for example – that we must lose the result that an arithmetic sum of an infinite series is the limit of the partial sums. Countability doesn't have much to do with this, the same discussion goes through for uncountable sets. And remember, there are lots of different ways to order sets of a given cardinality; and the median is a notion based on assigning a particular order to the elements of a set. Now that seems pretty normal, nothing remarkable about it. I just happened to run across a guy named Ignaz Semmelweis. He was a German doctor in the 1840's who said that obstetric deaths could be reduced if doctors would just wash their hands before delivering babies. He was rejected by the medical community, committed to an insane asylum, and beaten to death by the guards. Consider. Suppose I flip a fair coin 10 times in a row. Say I get HTTHTTHTHT. A necessary truth is one that follows from logic. A contingent truth follows from happenstance. Also see Can there only be one success in an infinite amount of trials? The reason random-looking strings happen more often is because there are so many of them! But any particular one has the same tiny probability and is a miracle. In other words you are comparing the one outcome HHHHHHHHHH to the entire huge collection of all the outcomes involving mixed heads and tails. Of course the mixed strings are more likely, but only because there are so many of them. That definition in turn depends only on the construction of the real numbers (as equivalence classes of Cauchy sequences, or of Dedekind cuts) carried out within ZF set theory. Any competent undergrad math major could outline the steps involved. You can say that any member of the countable set of integers is the median. That's because there are always countably many numbers less, and countably many numbers greater, than any value. The odds of getting any particular sequence of ten flips are 1/1024. If you happen to get HHHHHHHHHH you'd say, "Wow, an amazing coincidence!" But if you got HTTHTTHTHT you'd say, "Well that was boring, nothing special about that." But it is special. It's just as special as all heads. What do denominators have to do with medians? Your question is confusing to me. However, I'll just talk about medians. Given an infinite sequence x_1, x_2, ... we define repeat define its sum as the limit, if it exists, of the corresponding sequence of partial sums. Consider a theorem T of Euclidean geometry. It has no truth values about the real world; because we have not specified an interpretation. Theorems are syntactic entities; but truth is a semantic one. The best we can say about a theorem is that it is or isn't provable from the axioms. But flipping coins is nothing. The universe explodes into existence. Matter coalesces into the Milky Way galaxy, the sun and the planets. Life evolves on earth. Humans appear. Several hundred thousand years go by. A sperm fertilizes an egg. And here you are. Now that's a miracle. I can imagine a world in which I'm righthanded. But I can't imagine a world in which 2+2=5. So my handedness is a contingent truth; and 2+2=5 is a necessary truth. Now, consider the statement, "I am left-handed." In this world, that's true. But what about other possible worlds? I could have been born right-handed and my life would be pretty much the same. "Socrates is a philosopher" is true in this world; but in some other world, Socrates was a fishmonger. ... how to make sure a definition captures the intutive reasoning correctly, taking all special cases into account? Notice that we can say nothing of the truth value of T. T is a formal statement, it has no meaning. If we interpret T relative to modern physics, it might be false. If we interpret T in the Newtonian universe, it might be true. Truth is always relative to an interpretation. [Why doesn't philosophy.stackexchange support LaTeX markup?] Well that's the art! In his preface to Calculus on Manifolds, Michael Spivak says: That quote says it all. The art is to find the right definitions. You mentioned topology. As you know, it took decades of struggle to find the right characterization of continuity. The realization that the notion of the open set was the essence of continuity was a huge breakthrough. It's only obvious in retrospect. And the limit of a sequence only depends on the formal definition. The sequence x_1, x_2, ... converges to L if for all epsilon > 0 there exists N such that if n > N, then |x_n - L| < epsilon.