What you're likely feeling with the higher profile knob is more warning before the tire cuts loose. The lower profile knobs on the Land Cruiser almost certainly grip pavement better, but offer less warning before they let loose. There are some compelling reasons for filling vehicle tires with pure nitrogen in performance situations, but for bike tires it's just snake oil. There aren't substantial enough temperature fluctuations in a bike tire to justify the pressure consistency argument. It's also worth noting that the air you breathe and fill your tires with is more than three-quarters Nitrogen, so this isn't as special as it may sound. To kind of answer your bonus question, cornering techniques don't differ so much by tire, but by riding type. There are differing cornering techniques for road vs mountain bike riding. I would say that cornering on dirt is much more dynamic than on pavement. Knobs and pavement don't go together. At all. Knobs are made to dig into loose riding surfaces to optimize traction. They can't do that on pavement and, among other reasons, that's why road tires don't have knobs. In terms of your tire cutting loose, the answer is partially yes, but not entirely. Proper cornering technique and weighting of your bike, especially your front tire, will help you maintain traction. Keep in mind that it's different for road than it is for mountain, but that's a different question. The ISO standard size of your tires and rims is 622. (18mm wide rim and 42mm wide tire) One possibility to consider is a combo unit. Generally the pump on those is terrible, but it should be enough to get you home if you run out of CO2. Or carry both a pump and a CO2 valve and a cartridge. That way your first flat can be fixed super-fast and you avoid all the disadvantages (and the weight of a simple valve and one cartridge isn't much). ISO 622 is the same as "700c" (common road size) and 29er (new larger mountain tire). As long as you keep to about the same size tire, your existing tubes should be fine. There's a bunch of weird standards for naming the size of tires and rims, and there's an actual ISO standard. In other words: yes, a 29" tire should work fine, as long as it's not too wide. http://www.madsci.org/posts/archives/may98/895552329.Ch.r.html While the explanation above is dealing w/ escape from balloons I am going to assume that we can take that information and apply it to our discussion. This company has a proprietary gas blend that won't leak from your tubes apparently ... ... ... By no means am I a chemist but, as it has been explained to me, CO2 and butyl are more soluble than N2/O2 and butyl. Most tubes are constructed from butyl (fancy pants cyclists will sometimes use Latex tubes, haha). Due to the increased solubility you can expect that a CO2 inflated tyre will need re-inflating sooner than one you pump up by hand. Now, if i am incorrect (which I often am) please let me know! I just noticed I didn't tackle the temperature issue. I do know that temperatures exceeding 50 degrees celcius (above 125 farenheit) can result in the potential for ... explosive fun, in regards to CO2 canisters. This is a debate that gets picked up on every bicycle forum known to man (okay, that might have been exaggerating a bit). Typically you start to ask the question when you notice that the morning after you have used your CO2 cartridge, your tyre is ridiculously low.