There seem to be no records of the specific theological basis on which March for Jesus was founded. However based on its priorities and aims it is easy enough to discern general theological principles for the event. The strong Christian presumption is that since all life is precious to God, we are to preserve and protect it. Abortion ought to be an option of last resort Abortion is unfortunately one of those subjects where there is a tendency to assume that there are only two possible extreme views, and that there is nothing in between. They don't believe it. The church doing the objecting probably thinks the pair are having sex, they are just not being open about it. If the people sharing the house are in a romantic relationship, this skepticism is pretty understandable. It's laying yourself open to temptation Having someone of the opposite sex 'available' and in a situation where nobody would know if you slept together is heightening the possibility that you might 'slip up'. If you are attracted to the other person that counts double, and if you are in a romantic relationship with them, even more so. It's damaging your reputation and hence Jesus'. Even if you are living completely chastely, and fellow-Christians believe that, it's extremely unlikely that the rest of the world will believe it. Therefore they will see it as a case of Christians being hypocritical. Different churches would have different takes on this. I certainly know some that would have have no problem with it, and some that would have a big problem. 

You have to start by remembering that in the society of 50AD, slavery was considered an absolutely normal and proper part of society. To suggest in those days that slavery should be abolished would be the equivalent of proposing today that money and wealth should be abolished, or that eating meat was immoral. So your claim that "Onesimus broke a unjust law of humankind" would simply not have been understood by those of the time - certainly by non-Christians. 

The universal interpretation of this entire passage is addressed to the Pharisees, who really did think that they could work their way to becoming acceptable to God. In their eyes the better you were, the more God approved and appreciated you, and the more joy there would be in heaven when you got there. In their eyes the rejoicing would be for those that most nearly reached God's standards. The stories told here by Jesus are meant to indicate entirely the opposite. To take the parables to mean something about the nature of perfection would be to go in the wrong direction. 

Up until the time of Jesus, God acted through the Jews. This included revealing himself to them, and causing to be written holy books of prophecy, teaching and history - the Jewish scriptures. Christians consider those writings to be just as much written by God as anything written in the time of Jesus. The teachings of Jesus do override the Jewish scriptures, because God made a new revelation through him - however they are still considered holy writings, as they reveal God's will for his people at the time they were written. The founders (like many Christians) are coming from a theological traditional where it is not necessary to find specific biblical approval for something as long as it is in accordance with Biblical principles. The general purposes of March for Jesus are well supported in scripture: