That's why I send my scouting SCV early. Which leads us to the next problem: Working out how to transition out of the build completely depends on the game, a nice thing to do is to keep notes (As simple as Notepad, perhaps Evernote or OneNote; some people even use Excel) in which you list the specific problems you have with your build and figure out what transition works the best against them. But my scouting SCV is dead so I can't do this. Other than revealing cloaked units, what can I still use my scanning for later on? Files: Besides creating/accessing some cached .s2m* files, the only readable file I could find contains this: As a bonus, you force him to create counter units against your bunker. This allows you to anticipate... Why: Because I guess this doesn't happen when you load SC2 itself so you can go to single player without waiting for your slow connection. The profile data probably contains less or different data so it isn't updated in that case either. And it should always be made up-to-date when you enter multi-player in case you have played SC2 before on another computer... So, for that role for example, don't just point one out as the harvester but also plan for his harvesting to not fail as you will be dependent on it. Think of his base as one of your expansions. This is probably an early-game problem to think about, maybe he initially should create an army to defend against people rushing him... It takes you at least 90 seconds to be able to siege two tanks, given that the rush distance is usually lower than that and your opponent is already going for a push that would most likely be too late. Why can't I keep the pressure up? The Bunker is like a firewall, it will work until the virus takes it down. Vikings are also useful to take out overlords/seers and become essential against later brood lords. For 3v3, there are existing articles out there: In the end, you don't want to be over-producing army so that you have more drones for your economy; it takes some time to get it right put it pays off and may make the difference in the long end. A lot of beginning Zerg players don't focus on this aspect, imbalances them resulting in loss. I'm not going to list the build here, as you need to research this yourself. Looking through the TL thread, watching his gameplay a few times (Day[9] perhaps?) and then go and practice it yourself. Useful for breaking the wall and killing a lot of marines, but a problem with Marauders and Tanks. Four warp gates: Create a proxy pylon, warp in 8 zealots and harass right after his roaches go out (seen with probe). In any case you can take out his buildings before he takes you out... Worst case, create a cheap building somewhere on the map. He can't do this due to his creep. Using static defense as well as queens (handy for early anti-air / creep spread / natural injection) and perhaps some slow zerglings, you make sure that you can hold off a rush at minimal cost. Why do you want to harass Zerg early? The Zerg race is like a virus, it will spread out and overwelm you. For example, if you have a player that's only harvesting, his defense/army would probably be weaker and thus you will need to defend his base to counter that. But by doing that, you weaken your own base and have less units where you actually would want them... I guess that once you're good at the above the 4v4 doesn't differ much, I wouldn't suggest playing it either as you will need to find more people and will have to wait longer. It isn't competitive either, as Tzenes has pointed out earlier in one of his answers. The maps aren't made for it which can make the choice of races unbalanced... Scout Early! Scout early as you will need to see this rush coming, it has the following characteristics: I would suggest every race to create his own composition of units, why? If you have the resources for it, landing Vikings might help both defensively (against the push) as offensively (against his base), you can always be nasty and hide a building in an area he can't get to anyway so you can freely destroy his base. Your vikings can also become handy to chase him down if he decides to fly away, if you didn't build them you could see a draw... In the case of a random spawn... If you have to search him first, the scouting might be too late. So this means that for such maps you will need to prepare part of your counter attack to counter the effect of discovering it later. We could list any combination, but inspecting what went wrong will learn you how to do that yourself... Impressive medivac play is shown in Day[9] Daily #248 - Dealing with Duckload (14:17 - 27:00), let's see at what we have to note and can learn from watching this video: So, going Marauders Hellions Vikings with some Medivacs first for the drop might be viable to do. It's vulnerable to Banshees though, so sufficient scouting once gain is important... Mutalisks to harass the mineral line. What if he had a tank behind his base army? Think about that, another reason to scout... ;-) Ah... What could Protoss have done instead? So, as for rushing the front, that might not be the best option in this match. Be more dependent on scout information, which is important in 1v1. Know your opponent... This is a popular way to deal with Zerg, see the Mech tree in the left side at LP II - Terran Match-ups.