Therefore to remove a permanent member would require an amendment to the charter, however Article 108: 

Such an act of parliament would formally need royal assent. However the convention is that the Queen acts only on the advice of her Ministers, and she could not personally choose to not to sign. As JBentley points out the requirement for the monarch not to refuse royal assent is a convention and as such not legally enforceable. Conventions do evolve over time with old ones being ignored, and new ones coming into effect. A convention is only as strong as the will of the political actors to abide by it. 

Oxford is one of the top universities in the UK. An education in Classics is taken to show understanding of language, history and politics. Many classics scholars will apply for civil service jobs, including in the foreign office. A common first posting for might be as a third secretary. It gives the person the chance to improve their language skills (Arabic in this case) and gives them a chance to prove themselves. If successful they can reach high rank. I might notice that the current foreign secretary holds a classics degree from Oxford. 

After the UK government has made a draft Trade and Exit deal with the EU, but before the 29th March, the deal will be submitted to Parliament for approval. In the case that Parliament does not approve the agreement, there would have to be further talks. There may also need to be approval from the various legislatures of the EU 27. The EU-Canadian Deal had to be modified after one of the Belgian regional Parliaments voted against it. Parts of the deal can be approved by a qualified majority, other parts require unanimity among the EU members, as determined by their own internal procedures. If the deal is rejected, and the UK exits without a deal, the declared intention is for "alignment". 

From the pre-amble to the convention: 

These hereditary peers have no special legal status. They can vote and seek election to the House of Commons. Indeed there were (as of 2008) three members of the nobility elected as MPs John Thurso and Michael Ancram and Douglas Hogg, though all three have since left the Commons. John Thurso and Michael Ancram have been made life peers, and so now can sit in the Lords. John Thurso was the only one of the three to have been a hereditary peer in 1999, and so the only person to have moved from the Lords to the Commons, then back to the Lords. 

By "nobility" I take it that you mean the Hereditary peers who were disqualified from sitting in the House of Lords by the 1999 House of Lords Act. 

The rules for identity marks (emphasis mine): 

The UK government has indicated its intention to try to negotiate a Free-Trade deal. In the absence of such a deal, the UK has indicated that it will keep its regulations "aligned" to the EU, so that border posts will not be needed along the Irish border.