This is all part of the NATO system for designating land units. 

In their one major operation, Communists forces targeted depleted, unprepared Japanese garrisons[4]. Yet despite the destruction they carried out, in terms of actual fighting they didn't do particularly well against all but very isolated groups of Japanese troops[5]. There is no real sign that they were any better than the Nationalist guerrillas, who - as was the case on the frontlines - bore the brunt of Japanese counterinsurgency operations. 

I'm not sure why you think staff officers carried them for combat. They were not really the ones responsible for the actual fighting in the first place. 

As the previous section shows, Chiang Kai-Shek harboured an intense dislike of Sir Winston Churchill and Britain because, from his perspective, the British Empire trampled over weaker nations without regard for right or wrong. "[An explanation was] commanders' power to define serious offenses." Officers were more likely to interpret black contacts with the female population hostilely, while forgiving white soldiers for their "youthful indiscretions" ... White soldiers were more likely to avoid rape charges even when they were guilty of the crime. Also, Switzerland was very convenient as a "clearing house" for (both sides), in banking, but also in espionage and prisoner exchanges. 

That remark seems strange for just before the dawn of the jet age, during an era when Britain had a global empire, because the distance between London and Prague was a little over 600 miles. For comparison, the distances between London and capitals of former colonies were 3000 miles for Ottawa, 3600 miles for Washington, and 10,000 miles for Canberra. In September, 1940, Britain traded a number of its New World naval base sites for 50 "overaged' (old) destroyers in the so-called "Destroyer Deal." That doesn't seem like a large number of destroyers, except that it was "large" relative to the existing British destroyer fleet. Yet, most people would agree that Japan was a larger factor in the war than Italy, because the Allies obtained Italy's surrender in September, 1943, and Japan's two years later. And many would agree that Japan's contribution to the war "approximated" (was half or more) of Britain's, and was a decidedly larger fraction of Germany's (one third to one half) than 14%. 

In hindsight, this was a massive potential loss for the incipient Free France. 

John Willoughby's "distressing account of an undisciplined and marauding mob" (according to a review) discuss this in the immediate post war years, citing Morris MacGregor's Integration of the Armed Forces. When US paratroopers landed in Sapporo, an orgy of looting, sexual violence and druken brawling ensued. Gang rapes and other sex atrocities were no infrequent ... In the first 10 days of occupation, there were 1,336 reported rapes by US soldiers in Kanagawa Prefecture alone. - Williams, Andrew. France, Britain and the United States in the Twentieth Century 1900–1940: A Reappraisal. Palgrave Macmillan, 2014. The traditional image of samurai did have an effect, but only much later. Western styled sabres were replaced by more traditional designs decades much later in the 1930s, after the rise of Japanese nationalism. The standard issue of Showa 9 (1934) resembles katanas much more: The Liangkwang Incident began on June 1, 1936. The Guangdong and Guangxi cliques telegraphed a denouncement of Chiang's central government over "inaction" against Japanese imperialism. They then announced that their forces were moving into Hunan. 

How much of "Russia" (of 1941) was occupied by the Germans at 1) its maximum extent in December, 1941 and/or 1942? and 2) after the successful conclusion of the Russian winter counteroffensives? (Please use Germany's March 1943 recapture of Kharkov as the end of the Russian 1943 counteroffensive.) 

Basically, Switzerland was worth more to the Germans neutral than what it would have cost to subjugate her. My problem is that I am not sure how to define "Russia." I want the 1941 "predecessor" to today's Russia (post war changes probably mean that they are not exactly the same)." My best guess is that the best proxy for "Russia" is the Russian Federalist Soviet Republic, assuming it is in fact the best "predecessor." Preparing for war takes place over a matter of months, if not years. This is true physically, logistically, and psychologically. Basically, the Germans were ready for war in September 1939, the Allies were not.