A solution would be to put a sensor at the deejay's spot. When the deejay (or an heavy object) is in place, it's disco time. Otherwise, the pulsers should stop. I'm having trouble doing that, however. I tried placing exactly one piece of unpowered rail, and it caused the minecart to stop to a halt immediately. ...so yeah, feel free to consider this picture as proof that the Minecraft selection of wool dyes is not the very best ever. Here is the same image with the same algorithm and the same number of colors; all that changes is the 16 specific colors: Be very careful, however -- you want to avoid conflicts. Merging will not work, so you will need to always push after you play and always pull before you play. This is trivial to do if you are using a script: What is happening is you're suffocating - your head is buried into a block of stone. As the Minepedia mentions, your save files are in: What I would use instead is a source control versioning system. Disco seen from the deejay's point of view, with two jukeboxes. I just wish there were more than two records. Here's how light would spread if lava had 5 luminance: As you explored, you triggered a chunk to be created. Minecraft decided to put a lava fall in that chunk. The lava spread on the ground. The trees became close enough to catch fire as a result and the fire quickly spread out... Remember each level of the 16 levels of luminance (0-15) appears to 20% darker than the other. Create a soft link from your minecraft savegame folder to inside the Dropbox folder. How can I safely slow down the cart without having it come to a complete stop? Just because the game won't provide you a new Nether portal within this radius, it doesn't mean the game won't use a better portal if it can find one. So in general what you want to do for every portal after the second is: Close up of the underlying structure. In my case five powered minetracks did the trick. Now the minecart walks those four pieces of track very slowly, giving passengers a chance to get their shot of nostalgia, and then picks back up the pace with more powered rail. The nice thing about this is that it can run indefinitely without any external input (originally, we were fiddling with carts). The bad thing about this is that it does even when unneeded, which causes light updates to lag elsewhere.