The math works out that, if an opponent is opening his button to 2x the blind with 70%+ of all hands, and is only calling with a tight value range {44+, A7s+, A8o+, KQs}, you can basically jam any two cards when he does so. What kind of plays could I make to convince my opponents that I have a polarised hand range? You don't make plays to convince your opponents that you have a polarized hand range, you just polarize your hand range. If they fail to pick up on that, you've profited greatly. Now we're 3-bet shoving with our value hands as well as weaker suited hands that don't necessarily play well postflop (including weaker suited connectors is debatable here, it can go either way really). We've increased the expectation of weaker hands like J4s immensely by doing so, are exploiting the reg Villian's strategy quite well, and still have a good flatting range which consists of middling/strong hands that will flop well. Our strategy is hard to exploit unless the reg is paying attention and knows the appropriate adjustments (which, surprisingly, isn't the case a lot of the time). Identifying your opponents strategy. Determine, and implement, the maximally exploitative response. So, before you even sit down at a table, whether it's online or live, you should have, at the minimum, a readless starting hand range that will maximally exploit the strategies of the average population. That's a pretty complex task but you can, once you understand the general idea, come up with a rough starting hand range that will do well versus the population. I would personally never be betting this flop. You're out of position against an opponent that 3-bet your UTG open preflop and you've flopped TPGK which is still very vulnerable against Villian's range. He either has you crushed right now or has a hand that is scared due to the King. Also keep in mind that as you gain more tournament chips, each tournament chip is worth less and less to you. The reason for this is explained by one simple concept. In a cash game, chips have a 1:1 value. But in a tournament, there's diminishing return since you can never win the entire prize pool. If you take first place in a tournament, you've won 100% of the chips but, usually, you'll only get 15-30% of the prize pool. With a polarized range, your hand only contains strong hands and air (bluffs). This is an ideal range to have in most spots. Playing against an aggressive opponent who has a polarized range can be quite difficult at times. I hope I've answered your question enough to get you started with this. Balanced play and implementing principles derived from game theory optimal play so as to be less exploitable against other thinking players is quite a popular topic in poker and is actually quite complex. If you want to learn more about it, I'd suggest the following books: It's important to keep in mind effective stack size as well. You can have 25% of the chips in play in a huge multi-table tournament, but strategy wise that's entirely irrelevant if everyone else at your table each has 2% of the chips in play. The effective stack size in that case is 2% of the chips in play. The other 23% of chips you have in your stack doesn't mean much. This results in a situation where you basically have to play like you have a 2% sized stack. If they're all short-stacked, so are you. 2) Do you think i just lost the minimum? No, not at all. You checked down King high in a spot when Villian's range is capped, letting him realize free equity as well as letting him check down his weak made hands. Consider this: what if it's not a question of losing the minimum and is instead a question of winning the maximum? Let's pretend Hero knew the villain had QQ on the flop. How much would Hero need to bet for villain to fold? I'm sensing a flawed thought process here. You do not want Villian to fold QQ on the flop. You should be betting for value, not as an attempt to fold out his hand. You don't want to fold out the portion of his range you're beating. You want to extract chips from him.