In the past of course, German and Bohemian literate society were if anything more intertwined. 

the translation of their original non-Hungarian surname (Hidegkuti) 

(Names of fictional characters are of course just that - names of fictional characters.) 

Both South Slavic and East Slavic borrowed this Persian word via Turkic languages, but separately - ie long after the Slavic languages branched. 

the Hungarian rendering of their original non-Hungarian surname (Liszt, Kossuth, Dóczi) 

The calques use translated elements, not necessarily cognate elements, although in some cases it was mixed, for example entreprendre become unternehmen, and interdire became untersagen. Usually Latin ponere was calqued into German as stellen, and into Slavic as staviti. (Czech stavit is in fact cognate to German stehen. It may be that stellen is also cognate with those, but in any case that was not a consideration at the time of calquing.) 

Why or how did it happen? There are two main mechanisms: substrate and superstrate. There are more recent and obvious examples of substrate effects on intonation: Mexican Spanish, Irish English, Indian English and West Indian English. I will not speculate here on the forces at play in Central Europe and among Slavic languages but, given the borders in question, reasonable cases can be made for both substrate and superstrate effects. 

See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_most_common_surnames_in_Europe#Hungary and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magyarization#The_Magyarization_of_personal_names 

Yes, not coincidentally, wise and wit also share a root, but it split before the ancestor of English and German split. 

Therefore, the name in the case of a family could have an actual origin distinct from the origin of the current Magyarised surface form. 

Another wave of ultimately Sumerian words came to Southeastern Europe later via Ottoman Turkish, eg kireç. They are not found in literary Greek, but they are found in neighbouring South Slavic and Albanian, so surely they have been spoken in some Greek dialects. 

(For those who do not know, Szakál in Hungarian orthography would be Sakal in many other orthographies.) 

Often what happened was that people chose a name with a meaning in the new bureaucratic language because it sounded similar to their original name, by a very loose definition of similar, for example Kohn was Magyarised to Kun, Purczeld to Puskás, Günszberg to Gábor, Engländer to Erdős.