For the third issue, if the third baseman was also charging the ball, then he would not have been in position to receive the throw at third and thus get the out. The first baseman would have been moving towards first as soon as the ball was hit and he recognized it wasn't coming his way, so he is going to be there, ready for the ball. The pitcher should check third if he has time, but if there's a fast runner or the ball was a slow roller, he may be concerned about missing both outs if the third baseman isn't there. There are a few things you're correct about: The runner on second had a lead, and likely started running the moment contact was made (perhaps started running earlier, if the hit and run was on). The batter has to pivot before he starts moving towards first, and doesn't get a lead. The position of the other infielders matters. The third baseman may not have been in position while the first baseman was. The first two points above combine to mean that when the pitcher gets the ball, the runner on second is much closer to third than the batter is to first. Thus, if he throws to third the runner may be safe anyway. Throwing to first is almost a guaranteed out - although the risk of a wild throw is higher, it's still pretty low for most infielders and pitchers. They practice this a lot. You'd also need a very fast runner to beat out a throw to first in most infield grounder situations. Here are some links that disprove your hypothesis: One side note is that with a runner on third some pitchers may choose to pitch out of the windup because in order to get the runner out stealing home, they simply have to get the ball to the catcher. This is a per pitcher and situation type of thing and while not common, it is certainly not rare. In my opinion the Pirates didn't like certain players in the spot they were picking as much as other teams/scouts may have projected there. For one reason or another they decided that they could save money by drafting another player and paying him below his slotted value. Saving this money may allow them to save money for later rounds, as well as sign undrafted free agents. As for the stretch, it is used to deter the other teams runners from stealing a base. If the pitcher was in the windup, as soon as he started his windup the runners can steal. If the pitchers stops his windup that would be a balk with runners on base. He can still pick from the windup by stepping off with his foot that is on the rubber. (RHP would step off with his right foot and vice versa for a LHP.) To answer the first question, according to Fox Sports this is a record (since 1970). Breaking in a glove is pretty serious to a baseball player. Everyone has their own preferences. Whatever feels the best is what you should do. Personally I like a stiff glove. Once it gets flimsy at all, it is time for a new glove. Playing middle infield, I went for a shallow pocket and tried to make the glove an extension of the hand. Here is a story about the Minnesota Twins landing a undrafted player with a lot of potential. The best way to break in a glove is to play catch with it. It will take time, but it will be broken in to your hand, the way you catch. Depending on the model and brand, it may be more or less difficult to break in a glove. Many of the top of the line gloves will be difficult to break in. This is because of the quality of the leather, they will last longer. Gloves that use faux leather can be up there in price while being softer and easier to break in.