More previous delegates were elected to later Congresses, but for obvious reasons I am not going to bother with them. By these results alone, we can confirm that the two memberships overlapped to a very high degree. 

152 American soldiers had been tried for rape; of these 139 were "colored." (In recent years this has been rendered as "America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves". That is rather more similar to McCarthy's purported "quote", but post-dates his speech by decades.) - Blumenthal, David, and James A. Morone. The Heart of Power: Health and Politics in the Oval Office. University of California Press, 2010. Equally certainly, not all felt such "growing revulsion" at keeping them - at least, not for many years to come. Those trophy skulls which weren't otherwise lost ended in a wide range of circumstances. Some were kept as prized family heirlooms. Others were donated to academia for study or used as teaching aids. At least a few ended up in museums as exhibitions or became apparently traded as collectibles. Several skulls were retooled into decorations; at least one was known to have been fashioned into a Halloween prop with an light bulb. 

As has been noted, the eagle became the national bird because it was chosen to be on the Great Seal, designed by Charles Thomson. The idea did not emerge out of thin air, however; the eagle is a very popular emblem with a very long history in heraldry. Two of the three committees designing the seal included the eagle in some form. Thus, Thomson would have been familiar with it, both from coins (Holy Roman, Spanish and Russian coins in circulation at the time included eagles in their designs) as well as the draft proposals he had been given. 

But indeed there's a tendency to use simple straight borders when creating a territorial entity from scratch, especially on the basis of longitude and latitudes. We see this in many colonial borders, in America or elsewhere in the various European empires. Due to the way map are usually drawn, this often ends up looking like straight lines. 

This reflects the temperaments and philosophies of those who drafted the Constitution favouring bimetallism over either gold or silver singly. As the prominent economist Francis Amasa Walker wrote: Changing the eagle to the bald eagle would have been an original idea, but a fitting one for America. The substitution of arrows for the thunderbolts meanwhile matched the theme of the second committee's proposal, as well as echoing the Dutch Republic Lion - the Dutch arms featured a lion grasping an arrow for each province of the Netherlands. In the same spirit, the Great Seal's bald eagle would grasp 13 arrows. All of the activities of the airship were considered interesting by the newspapers. The New York Times had 5 or 6 articles on the Hindenburg in April alone. The Hindenburg was by far the fastest way for a passenger to cross the Atlantic at the time, taking only about 70 hours (3 days) compared to regular ships which took about a week, twice as long. It's passages were keenly watched for "speed records". At the time, the line was promising to expand to a regular passenger schedule, and this was to be the first of such crossings, which promised to usher in a new generation of fast cross-Atlantic travel. The second flight in this new "regular" schedule was expected to bring newsreels of the coronation of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth, a highly anticipated event by the American public, which increased the interest in this precursor flight. Up to Jan. 11, at Biloxi, Miss., his mileage was 2,081, in straight lines between towns. Rodgers' flight was 3,391 miles. From then to February 17, he flew 436 miles in eleven stages. His itinerary follows: 

The uranium-based gun design was the fundamental approach of the project from the beginning. 

The United Bank of New York agrees to pay David Chambliss of New Orleans $5,000 on demand. Signed, S.Derby, Treasurer of the United Bank of New York. 

The laws pertaining to polling were all local laws, not constitutional matters and originally it was held that making laws concerning the right to vote were a state power. The advantage of following omerta in crime is that it is first and foremost a personal code that requires no courts or authority, so it can operate as a method of justice without a central authority. In criminal activities, this is an advantage because such activities lie outside the courts. For example, if you buy dope and your dealer rips you off, you have no recourse. If you call the police, they will just arrest YOU, not give you justice (this actually happened, btw, some woman called the cops to complain about her dealer ripping her off). For those living within mafia, they always get justice. The advantage of this system compared to undisciplined criminals who have no code should be obvious.