It completely depends on the site and how active/busy the moderators are. It doesn't ever "expire" so they'll get to it eventually. Generally, flagging on Meta sites will also take a bit longer, simply because Meta's atmosphere is more laid back and the flags aren't always as clear-cut (and can be debatable). Epic, Legendary, Generalist, and some others can all be tracked on a single page using the Stinking Badges! Stack App. It takes some time for the system to auto-award the bounty. It's only listing that the grace period has expired. It has not yet determined if the bounty should be auto-awarded. When the time comes, it should award it to you, assuming that the OP accepted your answer during the bounty period. Stack Overflow in particular usually has a massive amount of active flags. I noticed this 2 days ago too. I gained 45 reputation before anything appeared in my reputation tab for "today" and then it happened again today. I just gained my first 10 reputation for the day, and I see nothing listed for "today" (it starts at yesterday). Note: I tried entering a date that hasn't passed yet, it didn't make any difference. Apparently 29,172 closed, abandoned posts were deleted. Deputy and Marshal can be tracked on your profile page by viewing your helpful flags count at the end of your stats at the top. This item only appears if you've had at least one flag deemed helpful. Strunk & White and Copy Editor can also be tracked in the review panel (see Reviewer). Civic Duty can be tracked in the review panel or on your profile page in the bottom right summary of votes. There was an issue with the automatic deletion of questions not actually deleting the questions, and it appears that the process just finally ran and a lot of questions just got automatically deleted by Community. Certain flag types can be reviewed by other users aside from moderators or handled automatically. For example, Very Low Quality and Not an Answer flags can bump posts into the Low Quality Posts review queue, where any user with 2,000 reputation can review it and cause an automated response on your flag, depending on their actions. It's like inviting someone to a party and then not being able to see or talk to them once they show up. On SO careers, it lets you view all the people you've invited and whether they accepted and published their profile. I was curious and wanted to take a peek at what they put on their profile. Is there any way to get their name to become a link to their Careers profile once they've published it? At least for the invitations that you've personally sent out (maybe not for the ones invited via link). Is there some sort of new delay for results appearing in the reputation tab at the start of your day? Did this information get cached? I don't remember it ever doing this before, and additional reputation changes throughout the day always appear immediately (once the "today" section actually shows up). Flags are sorted by the number of flags on the post (a post with 2 flags on it will always appear above a post with 1 flag on it), then sorted by the date they were cast. So if you're the first flag on a post, your flag is going to be all the way at the end of the queue. Depending on the size, it can take a while. I've always learned to try and be as specific as possible. If you know the exact dates, then use the exact dates, otherwise generalize to the month. It seems on Careers, it doesn't care. It's basically telling me to generalize to the month even though I do know the exact dates. Why not support exact dates? What's so "unparsable" about them? Does the Careers system only look at the month and not the day? If so, would it not be possible to let someone enter their exact dates and just extract the month and year from both dates for whatever purposes it needs them?