If that makes any difference, I am using Google Chrome "25.0.1364.97 m" running on Windows 8, and the image I am trying to add is http://www.garden-seat.co.uk/townandcountrygardener/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/slug.jpg. This should make clear the user needs to try with another domain that is not numeric. As far as I understand, it's by design. When you log in on facebook.stackoverflow.com using your Facebook login, the picture you use in your Facebook account is transferred to your account on facebook.stackoverflow.com; as facebook.stackoverflow.com is just a mini-site of Stack Overflow, the same image is used on Stack Overflow. The image is not transferred to other Stack Exchange sites, because the other sites just use the Gravatar image associated with the email associated with your Stack Exchange accounts. The page I was shown is not the page I see if I click on the user's profile link at the top of the page. When there are are suggested edits, and pending flags, the counters are shown this way (on Drupal Answers). The counter with the orange background is the suggested-edit counter, while the other is the flag counter. I was voting two comments, and when I was voting the second one, the arrow to vote it vanished. The real problem is that both the "suggestions" and "reviews" tabs use the same tooltip; this means that, when viewing the activity as shown in the "all" tab is not possible to understand if the activity is referring to a review the user has done, or a suggestion the user has done. If you look at http://chat.stackexchange.com/admin/user-flags/6266, for example, you will notice that the page says, "All flagged messages for for kiamlaluno." I also tried on this very site, and it doesn't work. When I look at the Safari's "Activity" window, I notice the following events: When I see a question that has been voted to be deleted, I read "delete (1" instead of "delete (1)" I was used to read before. Vice versa, when you click on an entry on that block, the equivalent section in the page is temporary highlighted, and shown on the top of the page. I don't think that is really a problem, as when you click on the section title on the page, an entry on that block is highlighted, although it is not so evident. It should be you're discussing. I would use the following error message: You will see tools, or review basing on the last tab you visited. What happened? If this makes any difference, I am using Safari 5.1.1 on Mac OS X 10.7.2. That at least is the message you get when the URL contains localhost as domain name. When the entry is about a suggestion, the tooltip should be "the suggested edit has been approved," when it has been approved, or "the suggested edit has been rejected"; in this way, when looking the list of all the activities, it would be possible to understand when the entry is about a review done by the user, or a suggested edit. I got the message about a new badge, and when I clicked on the link to the profile page, I was taken to a page that doesn't list the recently gained badges. It was the activity tab, but the sub-tab is probably what I selected in my previous visit (although, I don't remember visiting that sub-tab). I have cleaned up all achievements and grants associated with the bad code. User badge counts (on user cards and flair) will sync up tonight as part of a regular process. However, I screwed up 2 queries, specifically the text names of the badges that prevent duplicate awarding. I was thinking to myself earlier "hey, maybe we should pass these in" as part of the rewrite - but it's not quite so simple. I'll take another look at this soon but when we're not fighting fires from a SQL Server upgrade. The cardinality changes which hosed some of the bigger badge queries needed urgent attention here, which ended up as a major revamp and introduced the 2 errors reported here. Even if we fixed the current method of doing this, it would, by nature of how it works, still break - during builds, etc. Instead of spending another several hours trying to track down what the hell's happening, we made the call yesterday to replace the mechanism that does this completely. When I do so, I get one of those red boxes at the right side of the textarea that tells me my post cannot be submitted. You can read the text of that red box at this pastebin link: http://pastebin.com/raw.php?i=NT83uzFv. (Pastebin links so I don't trip the validator in this post, of course.) I can't read Arabic, so I don't know what the problematic string says (though a helpful anonymous editor informs me that it says: "Hakeem/Hakim the lost Philosopher"), but I don't see any reason why any particular string of Arabic text would be excluded by the validation machinery. In case this is a client-side issue - I'm using Chrome 35 on Windows 7. I am trying to post a bug report here that contains some Arabic text (it's an RTL issue). You can read the text of the bug report at this pastebin link: http://pastebin.com/raw.php?i=HCUHQdb8. When I look at e.g. http://stackexchange.com/users/1668748/senshin, I see the following under "Top Questions":