In short, I don't think any kind of perceived recognition is the primary reason for close voting, as the majority of the close votes I've seen are on questions that actually need to be closed. Unless this changes dramatically, I don't see any reason to change what little recognition/blame people do get for voting to close. Yes, moderators can change your profile picture if we need to. Before the recent feature change that allowed users to upload a picture directly, we could edit a user's email address to temporarily force Gravatar to generate a default image. Now that users can directly upload a picture, moderators have the ability to change this setting on other user's profile as well. If you see a NSFW picture being used as an avatar, flag one of their posts for moderator attention and we'll take a look. I mean to change it, not just to look at NSFW pics. That's what closing is. You can revise it using the tips from the comments, then five votes from the community (or one from a moderator) will reopen your question. No, if a question or answer is not okay, the author should work on it fixing it. You have as long as you want to, since a question put on hold can be reopened any time when it accumulates enough votes. In the meantime, OP and others can comment on it (if they have at least 50 reputation) or edit the question. Every edit will send the question into the reopen review queue, so it gets eyes on it. I think this feature should be kept as-is. If you have enough rep (a few up-votes is enough), you can comment as you wish (within the boundaries of the site rules). If you force other users to wait until they can vote to close, the question is long gone and will probably never get closed, since no one sees them. This is bad for the quality of the site. We don't close questions to bully people, it is quality management tool. You are wrong. Stack Exchange is a network of Q/A sites, not a social network. I just closed a question as duplicate of another with my gold tag badge dupe-hammer (timeline). This post was inspired by a post on MSO from a moderator. Some things are in place to help: I used another duplicate target as the one another user suggested which had just one vote until the time I voted to close. However, this first duplicate (which I found less useful than mine), was still on top in the duplicate notification. Two reasons I can think of this is a bad idea: Can't we just educate users when to flag and (temporary) flag ban those users who have proven to consistently misuse this feature? If people (usually the 'Fast Gun in the West' kind) get the chance to answer questions without having any quality measures against it, the site is doomed. If new users don't respond to the help they get, and keep posting questions that show no effort, no research, nothing, they deserve every downvote they get.