Short Answer The short answer is that no one thought to include such provisions in the United States Constitution that was adopted in 1789, and that it is very hard to amend the United States Constitution (although one amendment that partially addresses this concern, the 25th, has been adopted). 

For example, a self-proclaimed terrorist from the Animal Liberation Front could not be detained as an enemy combatant, but that is not among the terrorist organizations that Congress has declared war on in the AUMF. 

(2) Mr. Padilla is closely associated with al Qaeda, an international terrorist organization with which the United States is at war; 

Declassification Does Not Necessarily Imply A Right To Obtain Information 

For example, a rumor that there is a CIA station in Windsor, Ontario is not as powerful as an acknowledgement by the U.S. government that this is the case. Until the government confirms the information, it can be dismissed as unreliable or a conspiracy theory. 

For trial court judges, the prospect of appellate review of their decisions partially mitigates the risk of a judge making bad decisions due to declining intellectual capacity. 

There are many kinds of information that are not classified, but that are privileged from disclosure by compulsory court process or in a court proceeding, and/or are not subject to the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Also, certain committees of Congress and certain officials (e.g. chairman, ranking member) within those committees, have a right to access information that is not available to the general public (subject to a duty to keep secret what has been disclosed to them). 

No Liability For A Third Party Tip Recipient 

The same thing happens in every legislative election. 

There are also different levels of classification - and a determination that information is not classified at one level does not mean that it ceases to be classified at a lower level. Disclosure to someone with a lower level security clearance than the document revealed, while prohibited, is a different matter than disclosing a classified document to the general public. 

Of course, there are many kinds of information which are not privileged and not exempt from a FOIA request but for the fact that they are classified for national security purposes (e.g. the address of a formerly classified U.S. military base, or the name of a formerly classified government agency). 

It is also established from a variety of post-9-11 cases that anyone so detained would have, at a minimum, a right to seek their freedom via a petition for habeas corpus from which they or someone on their behalf, could petition to a U.S. District Court to seek their release.