Even thought it was a bit hard to believe, it somehow made sense to Icaro. Many doctors would be very interested in a case like hers. 

Benjamin took a sip of his drink. "What's wrong? You're jealous?" I thought it would be nice to give the reader a break from the main plot (and explore the characters a bit more). Or maybe I should leave these chapters out? 

The thing I do is to come up with as many ideas/stories as possible. I don't know you, but ideas pop up in my mind all the time. While jogging, taking a shower, watching a movie, taking a dump, etc. And I write them all, even the ridiculous ones (I don't necessarily finish them)—then I wait. I leave them there for a couple of months. Then I come back to them. And if the story still gives me the chills, I keep working on it. It means it survived the test of time. Natural selection. "But then how can you, like, be alive without a soul?" 

He looked up and took a sip of his drink. "I'm a bit tired, that all." I want to add a few chapters that don't push the story forward; they only explore the background and motivations of the characters. 

What should I do in cases like this? Should I remove the dull part completely or should I keep it? "It's hard to find a job these days. What if I quit and can't find another? I don't want to end up sleeping in a park and drink cheap sake from a paper bag." Now coming up with a idea/story that does that is another thing. I think is different for everyone. But in theory, if you read authors that give you the chills, and try to emulate (or take inspiration from them), you'll eventually write something that produces the same effect. How did he die? Why was his death enigmatic? "But there're still some sort of physical problems, right? Is that the reason you came to the hospital?" "Mmm, I think I'm used to it," Ling said. "I guess everything is tolerable once you get used to it." What the f...? How can a bunch of cats eat a woman? Are "Thought" Verbs a sign of weak writing? Or just an stylistic choice? 

A good example are the stories of Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman by Haruki Murakami (yes, I'm sick of the "Call me Ishmael", and the "they shot the white girl first" examples). I'm writing a short story. The main character is visited by a strange black bird during the night (first draft): 

One thing, though. I think it's not necessary for you to think of plot and description as two separated things. Like in the sample above, even though I "classify" them as description, they are deeply embedded in the plot. How the character feels. Which is fundamentally what moves a plot forward. 

The Wind-up Bird Chronicles, Haruki Murakami The following unedited dialogue is from a novel I'm writing (which is based on a short story I wrote a while ago): 

According to Chuck Palahniuk you should avoid "Thought" verbs as much as you can. These include: knew, thought, realized, believed, etc. 

"The pay isn't much," Ling continued. "But since I have a place to sleep, and since I can eat at the cafeteria for free, I don't really spend that much. And the tests are mostly done in the morning. So, I have the whole afternoon, evening, and night for myself." "She's just talkative, that's all. Besides, she's new. She just want to learn as much as she can." 

"Mmm, to be honest, I'm not quiet sure myself." Ling said, "I just know that my body managed to keep itself functioning without one." "I see," Erin said, half-smiling. 

I tried that myself. In my story, my protagonist is researching about the subject of animal suicide. She goes to her university's Animal Behavior Class but is told by her teacher that animal suicide in an inappropriate subject, not suitable for a classroom. A subject like war, terrorism, and genocide. A teacher won't say this in real life of course (this is an exaggeration of the follow-the-rules atmosphere of educational institutions). The reason I didn't describe the character earlier, is that I didn't want the description to sound forced. Still, I wonder if I should try to move it to the beginning? To prevent the reader from forming a false physical image of the MC? The following dialogue is from a novel I'm writing (first draft): 

Other information that I mention in Chapter 1 and 2: