(i)... confronting the Samaritan woman at the well saying that she had had five husbands and the one she was then staying with was not her husband( Jn 4:18) {Imagine her reaction: first a loud laugh; then a sad soul-search ), 

Bethlehem, the birth-place of Jesus literally means 'house of bread' . It is possible that the town had a good concentration of bakeries, from which oven-baked bread of prized quality was bought by the people of adjoining areas. It looks coincidental that Jesus frequently used the image of 'bread' in His teachings, culminating in the institution of Holy Eucharist. I wish to know if any studies have been made by the Catholic Church on the co-relation of the name of Jesus' birth place and His teachings in which bread plays a prominent part. 

Isaiah 42:3 has this prophecy: 

among other instances from the scriptures. 

John the Evangelist occasionally refers to himself as 'the disciple whom Jesus loved' (Jn 12:23; 19:26; 21:7; 21:20). (Interestingly, no other evangelist makes such a reference.) Is it possible that Jesus had a special consideration for John because of that status? What is the Catholic view of it? 

By the way, the text of Eucharistic Celebration in various Catholic rites like Latin and Syrian includes the Lord's Prayer, the latter one having the Prayer both at the beginning and before the end of the Mass. That, I feel, should answer the question. 

I for one, never heard of any discussion by the Cardinals of Catholic Church on whether Jesus laughed and made others laugh. But since I have asked myself the question many a time, I can say for sure that if at all there was a discussion, the participants would have discussed the personality of Jesus.... 

Harmful Drugs The Greek word φαρμακεία (pharmakeia) can mean 

But it is never moral to use evil means 

drug, purgative, emetic (substance that induces vomiting), abortifacient (substance that causes an abortion), potion, spell, poison, witchcraft; so Scripture certainly prohibits the usage of harmful drugs like those that induce abortion, potentially abortifacient contraceptives, and other deadly substances. In the following verses, the Rheims translation translates φαρμακεία as "witchcrafts" or "sorceries." St. Jerome's Latin Vulgate uses "veneficium." 

Not conceiving at all by abstaining from sexual intercourse (allowed) by contracepting (forbidden) Treating the underlying medical cause of recurrent miscarriage (allowed) If #1 is intended, yet the husband and wife still engage in the marriage act, this is contraception, and the Church prohibits all forms of contraception (frustrating the procreative end of the marriage act). As Pope Pius XI said in his encyclical on Christian marriage Casti Connubii: 

What this "person who has made a few interesting claims" appears to be arguing is the Averroist tenet that there is one collective soul for all humans (i.e., that humans do not have individual souls). 

St Thomas Aquinas, question 81 (cited in the Catechsim (2132) as a source for that article) 

Not only will our body be brought back to be reunited with the soul, but it will be the same body to which the soul was united before death. As St. Paul declared (I Cor. 15:33): 

If I am to be saved, must I be justified? I don't think that the two words mean the same thing. 

If you have already married this Catholic in a non-Catholic church, then if you wish for the Church to recognize your marriage as valid(and thus sacramental) she first needs to apply for and receive a declaration of nullity regarding the previous marriage, and then you both need to go through a process called convalidation. (Code of Canon Law 1156-1160). 

Samuel listened. Samuel was open to God's word. So have been people of all sorts for the past two thousand years. (The list of Christian mystics is too long to get into here ...)