There is one major exception: when considering confidential information, committees will hold closed sessions so they can discuss classified information without revealing it to the public. This will obviously not be released to you (though it didn't seem to happen in this case), and these meetings will be closed to the public (you can go to normal committee meetings and floor debates; closed meetings are the exception). Each house can also go into secret session, which means that the transcript of the floor meeting (normally in the Congressional Record) is not published (and all spectators are escorted out). This happens very rarely for the House, but more often for the Senate. In this case, the transcript is obviously not available. 

Note: The Congressional Record is the official record, not a transcript. It can be amended, and written things can be put straight in the record if no one objects. But that tends to be done to add rhetoric, not to remove things (and unlike in some state legislatures, members of Congress cannot change votes after the fact to my knowledge, except in one or two cases in the House where a single member can change their vote for procedural reasons [i.e. they have to be on the winning side to propose some necessary motion, but it's clear what they actually supported]). 

The committee markup itself has no text transcript I can find; the video record is at the Committee on Foreign Affairs's website. At first glance, it seems like the meeting was roughly pro forma, and the resolution was amended and reported back by unanimous consent. Update: I listened to pretty much the whole thing; it has no real debate of substance, since they weren't handling anything controversial. Summary: They don't seem to have been presenting detailed proofs with evidence, because: this is pretty much universally accepted in the US (the idea that it was not Russian-supplied SAMs is generally dismissed as Russian propaganda), and because Congress doesn't always feel the need to formally investigate every single aspect of what goes before it (particularly when it's noncontroversial; investigation that does happen is often done informally, and it seems unlikely that anyone would object to that line because it's utterly uncontroversial here), and because an H.Res. is not actually binding in any way (it is not a law, nor can it become a law, nor is it intended to be anything more than an expression of opinion by the House). 

Let's say someone as a voter is concerned with the level of corruption and lack of transparency in Washington, especially in Congress and White House. AlaSecState addressed that in Fox News interview, saying the election would be declared null and void and the governor would have to call another special election. He didn't cite specific law, though some analysis I saw mentioned that he probably had in mind "American rule" of resolving such situations (vs "English rule"). 

There are 2 main metrics to grade a political power: However, that statement seems to conflict with HB62 which in 2013 amended the abovementioned sectoin 17-6-21-c to remove "American rule" and which seems to require any Moore votes to be discarded in the first place (presumably meaning next largest voted candidate would win automatically): 

Washington Post ran an article after Democratic Representative Anthony "don't let US government use the internet please!" Wiener resigned in 2011 following a sexting scandal. The article covered some details of this but not fully: 

By Mr. McCAUL (for himself, Mrs. Miller of Michigan, Ms. Jackson Lee, and Mr. Thompson of Mississippi), H1856 [9AP] 

Before McCaul’s legislation cleared the panel, Rep. Bennie Thompson, D-Miss., led an effort by House Democrats to pencil in $3 billion in projected spending to help federal law enforcement agencies meet the higher standard for operational control. [2] - there are obvious national security concerns here since some of the conversations happening are of classified nature. But they are a minority, and such recordings can be treated like any OTHER classified government information 

Any policy or outcome can satisfy and dissatisfy drastically different populations. Cosponsors added, H1959 [11AP], H1994 [12AP], H2027 [15AP], H2161 [18AP], H2300 [24AP], H2396 [26AP], H2405 [3MY], H2485 [7MY], H2604 [14MY] As far as unemployment etc..., since the staffers are ultimately employed by the House of Representatives, the House employment policies kick in. 

There are no official rules that outline how the office should be run between when the vacancy occurs and when the new representative is elected — that is at the discretion of the House Administration Committee — but Gonzales' situation is typical of how vacant offices are run, said Steven Adrian, executive director of House business operations. 

Unless I'm mistaken this is the bill (H.R.1417, "Border Security Results Act of 2013"): 

Texas Tribune covered a similar 2012 situation, though in this case the congressperson resigned to take another job. The article details offer some promising leads on who can be asked for more details (House Administration Committee): In practice you will find that many people vote the party line - which means their party registration, if any, is a good predictor of who they voted for. But that's not "associating a ballot with ID" by any stretch of imagination. 

However, even if it's possible to identify a voter from a ballot in such locales, publically disclosing that information is illegal: 

As an example, any policy aimed at preserving Generation's Me-me-me (aka Baby Boomers) Social Security is wildly popular right now because the Baby Boomers who benefit from it (at the expense of the next generations) comprise the majority of population, and those who will be harmed by it aren't realizing it till it will be their time to retire 20-40 years from now. But I assure you, anyone who will be told "sorry, can't pay for your retirement like we promised, because your parents' generation didn't birth enough kids to sustain Social Security pay-ins and refused to dial down their SS pay-outs; so now the Trust Fund is short", won't be happy with the current legislative stance on Social Security, which amounts to "do nothing and hope".