As to the recent developments of the Anglican personal ordiariate, note that this affects only customs and ceremonies of the liturgy. Presumably, those choosing to take advantage of the terms of Benedict's ordinariate, are still required to adopt the doctrines to which the Catholic Church demands all adherents of the western rite subscribe, such as transubstantiation, and the supremacy of the Bishop of Rome. has Jesus on the cross, reigning in either high priestly, or kingly robes. This is quite apparently the triumphant, risen, living Christ. I would note further, that for most protestants, ending a prayer with "In the Name of Jesus" is exactly the same as using the full "In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit", because there is One God, comprised of the three persons of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, so that whether one uses the short form ("In the name of Our Lord Jesus Christ") or the long form, "In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit" are both saying the same thing, as either is calling on God. I for one, never heard of any discussion by the Cardinals of Catholic Church on whether Jesus laughed and made others laugh. But since I have asked myself the question many a time, I can say for sure that if at all there was a discussion, the participants would have discussed the personality of Jesus.... John the Evangelist occasionally refers to himself as 'the disciple whom Jesus loved' (Jn 12:23; 19:26; 21:7; 21:20). (Interestingly, no other evangelist makes such a reference.) Is it possible that Jesus had a special consideration for John because of that status? What is the Catholic view of it? among other instances from the scriptures. Clearly, St John Paul II would not have been the first to think of the idea that public life of Jesus had not been adequately represented in the traditional Rosary. I remember to have heard it from a humble Carmelite priest of Kerala, Southern India in 1983, with the exception that the priest had proposed inclusion of the resurrection of Lazarus as one of the mysteries. The fact is that St John Paul II , being the Pope, was in a position to put into practice what he believed, or had been influenced into believing by the loud thoughts of someone else, as a fitting addition to the traditional Rosary. At Matthew 6: 9 , before teaching the Lord's Prayer Jesus says: “This, then, is how you should pray..." . He did not say : " This is WHAT you should pray ..." . Theoretically at least, `Our Father..' was NOT intended to be the ultimate prayer , but was taught as a model prayer. Th Holy Eucharist goes much beyond, by offering the Body and Blood of the Saviour as spiritual food and drink that redeems the faithful. The official catholic teaching is that a person who is a Catholic by virtue of having received the Sacraments of Baptism or Confirmation in the Church remains a Catholic unless or until he or she deliberately and voluntarily repudiates the Church. As a separate matter, a Catholic is bound by Canon Law It depends upon the crucifix. The Christus Rex crucifix The wording of the question (at least) implies that Evangelical protestants treat Mary with insufficient reverence. This raises some questions. First, what is this appropriate amount of reverence to show Mary? Second, what is the evidence upon which this charge is based? I would note further, that for most protestants, ending a prayer with "In the Name of Jesus" is exactly the same as using the full "In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit", because there is One God, comprised of the three persons of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, so that whether one uses the short form ("In the name of Our Lord Jesus Christ") or the long form, "In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit" are both saying the same thing, as either is calling on God.