What I've done with those shifters in the past is grease the threads and conical surface on that bolt so it turns more easily and I'm less likely to end up with corrosion locking the whole thing in place (more likely with steel handlebars). For your bike the suggestions Blam made in comments are correct. Start by cleaning your rims and pads.That means sanding or filing the dirty surface of the pad off, and wiping the rim with a wet cloth. Don't do that the other way round! Damaging your rim is expensive to fix, but brake pads are cheap. Most people don't bother trying to clean pads at all, they're cheap enough that it's easier to buy a new set. It's likely to be cheaper to sell that bike and buy another one that has drop bars, than to convert the bike you have. Even if you use second hand parts for most of it, the new extra parts you need will add up. I think that's actually a useful way for a brake to work - it's very hard to lock the front wheel even in a panic stop, because the bike normally comes to a halt before the wheel locks up. The problem is that not everyone has "big strong man" grip strength, so may find that the brake just doesn't work for them. The physics is pretty simple: a 100kg rider travelling at 36km/hr (10m/s) has E = 1/2 m v² = .5 x 100 x 10² = 5000 joules of energy. That's 5000 Watt-seconds. If you gently brake to a standstill in 5 seconds you're putting 1000W into your brakes, assuming no air resistance. At the front, your fork is probably drilled to take a caliper brake and that part will definitely be strong enough. If it's not drilled you can probably get away with drilling it. A caliper brake actually needs a hole right through there, and has a long bolt that goes right through. On your bike there are two chainstays there, with a brake bridge across. The problem is that it might not be strong enough to take an effective brake, since it's probably designed just to hold a mudguard. It will look something like this: This google search gave me a good explanation, a dismissal of the idea, some strongly held opinions and a couple of production bikes that have it. The arrow points to a conical head bolt with a 5mm hex hole up the middle. Note that you're turning this bolt from "underneath" so you turn the opposite direction to what you expect. Viz, clockwise to undo the bolt/remove the brake lever from the bike; and anti-clockwise to tighten the bolt/fix the lever into the handlebars. One alternative is to use cable pull adapters, the most common model being "travel agent". What you have is the expansion bolt setup, based on your comments to Kibbee's answer. But most bike shops don't do that, and Shimano ship them from the factory requiring a very large force to lock the wheel. It's possible to adjust the brakes to require less force, if you find a bike shop that's confident working on those exact brakes. It is likely to require some asking around on your part to find that shop (realistically, the one mechanic who likes these brakes). Mombat say on a link I got from Google cache because the page doesn't appear to exist now: (full disclosure: I had one of these brakes on the rear wheel and did not like it. I wouldn't have one again if I could avoid it) A typical battery is 36V and about 15AH, = 36 x 15 x 60 x 60 = 1,944,000 Joules or 2MJ, and takes 4-10 hours to charge. Pushing 5kJ into that isn't going to make a lot of difference - it's a 2000/5 = 4% recharge, assuming 100% efficiency. And you're not going to get 100%. Apart from the centred brake cable attachment, that's very much like a modern V brake. By 1996 he had something you'd look at and swear it was a slightly fancy-looking V brake clone, and that seems to be the year Shimano introduced the V brake. In my experience roller brakes can be set up to lock up a front wheel, but it takes more lever force to do that than most other brakes. Many riders consider that a useful feature, but it's disconcerting if you're used to other types, which generally fall into the "lots of force and it still doesn't work" or "a bit too much force will lock the wheel"... roller brakes feel like the former but are actually the latter. Caliper brakes attach differently to V brakes, they have one pivot bolt in the centre rather than one each side. In your first photo there's a bolt that is in the right place although it's there for a mudguard/fender not a brake: