I pulled the rear wheel backwards to tension the chain as much as possible. I had already been using a chain tensioner (surly tuggnut) to keep it stationary, so I screwed that down to keep the rear wheel from slipping under pedaling. I broke the rear derailleur on my surly karate monkey recently. I had the bike setup 2x9. I decided to try and get home by converting to single speed via trail side repair (made easier by the horizontal dropouts on the bike). I put the chain on the big chainring in the front, figuring the front derailleur would hold it in place. I pulled the chain out of the derailleur, shortened the chain so it would not be routed through the derailleur, and I tried to find the straightest line in the rear, and selected the 20t cog to place the chain on, this was the 4th cog in from the end of the cassette. However, after a short time, the chain started to upshift on the cassette. It went up a cog and jammed, shifting the non-driveside forward, pushing my tire in to my chainstays. this was difficult to fix, because I had to remove the tuggnut and undo my very tight quick release. If you cannot thread the cable, you my get away using something else - a cable tie, a piece of string or binding wire may be able to be used - whatever comes to hand. Chain breaking to make a single speed is still an option if these attempts fail. This will leave you with a 2 or 3 speed bike using the front dérailleur - much better than single speeding it and a lot easier than breaking the chain. This will only work if the broken end is not too frayed. Remove the cable completely from the outers and the shifter. Thread the cable though the barrel adjuster on the dérailleur so that shifter end of the cable is butted against the adjuster. Clamp the cable onto the dérailleur (as you normally do, just with a very long tail) with the dérailleur in a compromise position (usually middle of cluster, but towards the big cogs if you have hills to climb, and little cogs if you have lots of flat ground.) Adjust dérailleur with the barrel till its sitting on the chosen cog. Cable tie/tape the remainder of the cable safely out the way (this is really important.....) - its unlikely you have have anything capable of cutting the cable so do not try. So the tl;dr here is that blued rotors might not have needed replacement if you weren't going to ride them aggressively and they might have been able to have been straightened back into shape. But the bluing weakens them for sure (even if just a bit), and the shop may have felt for liability reasons that it was best to recommend replacement. After all, if the rotors did the extremely unlikely thing by shattering right as you headed towards a lorry truck, you (or your lovely widow/er) would have sued them out of existence. Better to be safe (and make a sale) than be sorry. Otherwise, you could yourself sew it back together with Kevlar thread and a large sewing needle or awl, with perhaps some ballistic nylon as backing. Since the tear is at a corner, you may have to dismantle the pack a bit. If this paragraph makes no sense, don't attempt it. A quicker and much, much dirtier fix would be to use repair tape: either tent repair tape, resin-impregnated fiberglass or cloth tape (such as fiberfix), or make your own using epoxy resin and ballistic cloth. Or, as always, duct tape. You can make patches out of old tubes - at its most basic you're vulcanizing two pieces of rubber together, so two pieces of bike tube will stick to each other. TL;DR - Vulcanization. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vulcanization Glueless patches kinda suck - the vulcanizing fluid in the little tubes works better at making bonds with the punctured bike tube. you want to use the sandpaper or scraper to scrape the rubber to expose some 'fresh' rubber 1a) Maybe the discs were just scoured? It is possible that the discs were just scoured - especially as we don't have photos. Damaged or badly worn pads could have scoured the rotors - as well as a general lack of cleaning and maintenance. That would explain the black streaks you saw. You should have also been able to feel the scouring with your fingernail. In fact, given that your bike is a hybrid and not likely to have done aggressive downhilling, scouring is a more likely explanation of what happened even though the words "burned" and "blue" that you used are indicative of blue-ing. How can you measure -- or otherwise tell -- which Missing Link you should get? If you don't have a coop in your location, the spoke wrench, Allen wrench, and small hex wrench should all cost less than $25 total for cheap ones or for a multi tool that has them all. The real value of the coop is someone looking over your shoulder to help, especially with the wheel truing. There are at least two questions here: 1) did the rotors need replacing; and, 2) was £70 a reasonable price for that repair. Many backpackers, for example, use "Shoe Goo" to not only repair their shoes (you can craft new soles with it) but also patch rather large holes in their backpacks. Sugru is also useful for this type of repair. You can even make your patches from leather (still using Pliobond) or canvas (ditto). I've bonded leather and rubber to steel/aluminum using Pliobond. Both. It's a bit like asking whether you should fix the brakes or balding tires on a car - you need to fix both to be safe on the road. 1) Did the rotors need replacing: Unless you have photos, it's difficult for us on the intertubes to ascertain. Blue-ing is indicative of very high temperatures - likely produced when someone went down a very long, steep incline while keeping the brakes half-depressed. This produces a lot of heat and can damage not only the rotors but the pads and brake housing itself. The heat warps the rotors and also weakens them. I'd say your bike is what we kindly refer to as a said "donor bike." It's brain dead and its best use is to give up its vital organs to a bike that might be able to use them. Given that it looks BSO quality, the parts aren't that valuable but if your next bike is a BSO, you might want a spare drive set, seat, brakes, or rear wheel.