Generally, universal jurisdiction is asserted in criminal or quasi-criminal proceedings against culpable individuals involved that involve harm to particular individuals, rather than against countries, so this is of limited relevance. The CIA agents involved in this event 64 years ago are likely dead or elderly and beyond the jurisdiction of any non-U.S., if they could be identified at all. (This is probably an important reason that CIA involvement was admitted at all.) 

China accounts for 75% of North Korea's trade, borders North Korea, and has stronger relations with it than any other country, while North Korea is currently fairly peripheral in Russia's political calculus. Therefore, the primary issue, which is really only tangentially related to any argument related to legality, is whether China would take any action to interfere with or object to military action and/or sanctions directed by the U.S. and/or Japan and/or their allies against North Korea, and whether an argument based upon international law would influence China's opinion on the subject. 

Also, even in the Iranian courts, entertaining a suit such as this one would require the current regime to claim continuity of regime with the one deposed in 1953. But, the political theory of the current Iranian state under the 1979 constitution (as amended), is that its authority rests upon the religious edicts of Islam and a referendum of the Iranian people, and not upon the 1953 constitution. 

(9) Prisoners of war in custody of the armed forces. 

Federal immigration law is permitted to and often does limit the kind of gainful employment a non-citizen can engage in. There are many categories of permitted activity depending upon a person's particular visa type. This issue is quite complex. 

There are about five different classes of rights of ambassadors, counsels and their employees that are beyond the scope of this post to explain. Among the most notable - their children are not U.S. citizens even if born in the United States, and they have broad immunity from criminal and civil liability although that varies depending upon someone's exact diplomatic status. They can be ordered to leave at any time by the host nation. 

Non-citizens can't be compelled to, or allowed to, serve on juries. 

You can be eligible for Medicaid. You can be eligible for Medicare. You can buy private health insurance in the ACA exchange market for your household (and you are required to due so under penalty of paying a fine under the ACA). You can receive private health insurance through an employer who in turn buys an employer group health insurance policy in a (figurative) employer group health insurance market that is separate and distinct from the ACA exchange market. As used here "you" usually operates on a household basis that includes you, your spouse, your minor children and your young adult children. 

A write-in candidate must register beforehand in all but a few states. In those few states where no registration of write-in candidates is required, some eligible person must show up afterwards and claim the votes. 

Theoretically this would be possible. A candidate can be on the ticket of multiple parties. Small parties often support candidates from the major parties and put them on their presidential tickets. For example, in the state of New York, both the Women's Equality Party and the Working Families Party put Hillary Clinton on their ticket, while the Conservative Party put Trump on theirs. 

Not all participant will answer the same questions, so there is no direct comparison. The participants would mostly choose questions which do not have the intention to learn more about the viewpoint of the other candidates. They would likely use the opportunity to ask loaded questions with the intention to lead the other participants to defame themselves and not constructive questions which help to further the debate. It would lead to a back-and-forth of such loaded questions circling around a subject where each participant wants to be the one to ask the last question. There would be no way for the moderator to break up this cycle without discriminating one of the participants. When the debate has a specific focus, participants could ask questions which are off-topic to lead it into a direction which is more comfortable for them. The moderator could try to intervene, but that would likely just lead to an even less constructive meta-debate: "I know we are talking about foreign policy, but America deserves to know why the other candidate is beating his wife! ... No, I will not retract the question, in the name of all victims of domestic abuse I must insist on my opponent answering this question... what do you mean it's not about foreign policy? I am asking in the name of abuse victims worldwide!" Having a neutral party ask the same question to each participant is a far better way to provide the viewer with a direct comparison. A good (!) moderator will also choose and phrase the questions in a way that it gives the participants a fair chance to present their viewpoints without having to waste time with reframing the question to diffuse any hidden attacks in them. 

Nowhere in the Constitution does it require the President to undergo any kind of medical examination to qualify for office. 

Clearly, America is a far more religious country than any other developed nation. 

The U.S. Constitution, Article 1, Sec. 10 states in part (irrelevant wording removed): 

FYI: Letters of marque and reprisal are old English terms for taking actions to sanction another country or state for violating their laws. A bill of credit refers (in this case) to monetizing carbon credits or some such system of cap and trade that would have the effect of turning them into a tradeable commodity on par with currency. 

Additionally, a lot of rhetoric has been stirred up regarding candidates' past financial dealings, causing some candidates to disclose their federal tax returns. 

To understand why the issue is so complex in America, you have to frame the conversation in the context in which both sides understand the issue: (Note that I am using the terms "Pro-Life" and "Pro-Choice" even though different groups call them by different labels) 

All the FCC did was repeal a rule it made in 2015. That's it. The Internet is now and has always been the free and open platform we know despite an almost complete vacuum of government regulations of any kind. For the past three decades it has plodded along, doing its thing, and changing the world -- curiously absent of the corporatist apocalypse that Net Neutrality's proponents have been warning us about for years. The answer to your question is all around you. 

There are no direct consequences when the US President in censured by Congress. It is merely a symbolic gesture. 

If the Trump administration can somehow finance the construction, there might still be some minor local problems to solve. For example there are some environmental concerns. Improved border fortification doesn't just prevent people from migrating but also blocks the natural migration paths for animals. Environmental protection groups might go to court over this. Also, the building plans might interfere with local property rights. The US government can't just build fortifications on land owned by private people. When the owner doesn't want to sell, the government would have to try to acquire the land with eminent domain power. But when the owners are willing to put up a fight, this might require a lengthy lawsuit. At least one group is planning to exploit this to oppose Trump's border wall project. 

Theoretically this would be possible. A candidate can be on the ticket of multiple parties. Small parties often support candidates from the major parties and put them on their presidential tickets. For example, in the state of New York, both the Women's Equality Party and the Working Families Party put Hillary Clinton on their ticket, while the Conservative Party put Trump on theirs.