If an idea is an abstraction of a type of thought, then it exists in the sense that a chair exists: particular chairs exist, and one can identify a regularity shared by chairs. But that regularity itself isn't extant; it just tells you how to identify things that are extant. (Thoughts about such a regularity may be extant, just like thoughts about "two" are extant despite there not being a "Two" that exists in the same sense that an apple exists.) One may also wish to identify stored capability to rapidly recall thoughts as "ideas". That seems reasonable, in which case those sorts of ideas act the same way as thoughts: if you have them you have them, and if not you don't. In your Bigfoot example, we know that we have observed pretty much the entire surface of the planet--to the extent that we have conducted nearly an exhaustive search for Bigfoot and not found it. Therefore, Bigfoot is very unlikely to exist. Saying that you've seen Bigfoot, therefore, makes about as much sense as saying that bananas are blue and pink, unless you not only state the claim but provide amazingly good evidence of it. But I will note another situation where this sort of reaction makes more sense. Suppose I go to a formal dinner with the Queen of England while wearing a backwards baseball cap instead of a tie. Ridiculous! Of course, neither the tie nor the baseball cap have any direct functionality, in all likelihood. Rather, the tie is a signal: I understand the social situation and am acting accordingly. The cap is a different one: I'm either totally unaware of or snubbing your silly social rules. This sort of thing can be used for "profiling"--really, just figuring out whether someone is one of you or not. Quite a valuable thing to do for a social primate, you know. Cultural ridicule can help enforce easy identification of group membership. Is that why we do it, in some sense? I don't know, but it's quite suggestive, isn't it? In his work, The Principles of Psychology, James makes the following comments: I don't believe that Descartes answered this particular question, but if I had to answer for him I might argue the following: However, that doesn't rule out the possibility of deception coming from another source, which was an idea that Descartes also entertained: This first response is kind of trivial, because not all continuities are adequate for the tasks at hand. A magnetic field, for example, most likely lacks the necessary articulation which would be required to serve as a information medium. Putnam's second argument is more interesting: In either case, he would be doubting. Thomas Aquinas was strongly influenced by Aristotle, and the influence of Augustine is evident in his work as well. Aquinas continues with Aristotle's idea of the mind taking on the forms of physical objects. In Aquinas' account, the idea of forms is used in three different senses: The forms abstracted from their appearances and thus free from any material existence. He asserts the following in regard to these differences: A brain state in the visual cortex is said to contain information in virtue of it being downstream in the causal chain from photoreceptors in the eye. In the same way, any state of matter (such as a crystal) could be said to be downstream from a causal chain and, thus, be said to contain information. However, the idea of information presupposes some means of interpreting its significance. Cogito ergo sum works, logically, in a generalized form that philosophical zombies can manage. In your Bigfoot example, we know that we have observed pretty much the entire surface of the planet--to the extent that we have conducted nearly an exhaustive search for Bigfoot and not found it. Therefore, Bigfoot is very unlikely to exist. Saying that you've seen Bigfoot, therefore, makes about as much sense as saying that bananas are blue and pink, unless you not only state the claim but provide amazingly good evidence of it. Your premises contain the answer to the question: yes, if there were two of you, there would be two of you. One of you would experience things in one location, and the other one would experience things in the other. If the surroundings (and stochastic noise) were not identical, the two would begin to diverge; if they were, there would be two yous having two identical experiences. That is, each would experience their own consciousness. In response to your questions: This first response is kind of trivial, because not all continuities are adequate for the tasks at hand. A magnetic field, for example, most likely lacks the necessary articulation which would be required to serve as a information medium. Putnam's second argument is more interesting: In the third sense, Aquinas sometimes used the Latin word species instead of the Latin forma: Kant might be said to have undermined the soul by denying that anything could be known about its nature by means of metaphysical deduction. James give no indication that he believed there was any difference between the soul and the transcendental ego, nor do the writings of Kant suggest that. The difference between earlier dualism and neo-Kantian dualism is a distinction between subject and object, rather than between body and soul. What is particularly interesting about this is that it demonstrates continuity with the ideas of Anaxagoras, Aristotle and Augustine that the mind has a certain nature which is incompatible with the objects of perception. Therefore, according to the philosophy of Aquinas, there must be an adaptation from the physical to the phantasm and finally to the intelligible species. He supports this idea with the argument that intelligible species have to have the same mode of existence as the human intellect: The form which inheres in the mind. (See: IV Sententia d. 49, q. 2, a. 1.)