The theory is that crowd noise hurts the offense and helps the defense, which is most critical on 3rd down, where the offense is usually facing their last chance for a 1st down. Eddie Eagan was an American gold medalist in boxing in 1920. He failed to medal in 1924, but in 1932 he was a member of the bobsleigh team which took gold, making him the first person to win a medal in Summer and Winter for different events. 

The concept of the Hall of Fame has its roots in ancient Norse mythology. Valhalla was an enormous hall in Asgard where warriors who were slain in battle would go upon their death. 

In 1989, the NFL felt so strongly about the disadvantage that the visiting offense faced that they instituted a penalty for excessive crowd noise, issued against the home defense. The referees in enforcing the rule could take away timeouts and issue penalties, 5 yards at a time, until the crowd quieted down. The new rule also banned stadiums from encouraging noise via announcements. The rule was not very popular, and officials eventually stopped enforcing the rule. The penalty was officially dropped from the rulebook in 2007, and video scoreboard announcements encouraging noise were allowed again in 2013. 

Lauryn Williams of the USA won a silver medal at Athens 2004 and gold in London 2012 as a sprinter. This year at Sochi 2014, she won silver in bobsleigh. 

Professional sports championship rings (such as Super Bowl rings, World Series rings, and NBA championship rings), are usually solid gold. There are six people that have won medals in both the Summer and Winter Olympic Games. King Ludwig I of Bavaria was apparently inspired by this legend, and built two different halls inspired by the Norse legend: Walhalla near Regensburg, Bavaria (completed in 1842), and the Ruhmeshalle in Munich (completed in 1853), whose name literally means "Hall of Fame." These halls were museums containing plaques and statues of important German-speaking people, including scientists, artists, and politicians. Looking at those pitchers directly, we can see that Bruno Haas didn't get the win as he has no career wins. In this game, Lefty Gomez gave up 11 walks and got the win (in a shutout, no less.) As viewable here, there have been three 9-inning games in which 16 walks were given up, but I can't find the box scores to those particular games. but all of those were losses. There are a couple of games where 13 walks were given up, but those were in extra innings, so I excluded those from my search. 

Bill George pitched in 13 games that year and gave up 89 walks, 22 wild pitches and 14 hit batters. I have no idea how he got the 3 wins that he did. George Van Haltren had a pretty decent record that year, but again, I can't find box scores, so I don't know if he recorded the win or not. Adding more information here; according to a football stats blog more than 1 red per game is actually very rare (1% or less) in the top leagues. Here's an interesting excerpt, with a title contender 4-red game reference: 

Zlatan Ibrahimovic recently had his 50 goals milestone (also a national record for Sweden) prior to with 100 appearance for the team. With 50 goals in 100 games he's averaging a goal in every second game which is as far as I can tell a great ratio, making him one of the most prominent strikers of modern football. I remember a glorious Istanbul derby (GS-FB) in 2008-2009 season that ended 0-0 but with 4 reds and 4 yellows, but I cannot go as far to claim that it's the most red cards shown in the league history. It's perhaps worth mentioning that just the year before that the same teams tallied 4 reds and 11 yellows in a cup game. Lastly, Xavi Hernandez had a great career with has gotten him 27 titles, if I didn't count wrong. While I don't have the energy to check many more players, I'd wager the holder of most titles would be a player who won a lot, not only in clubs but also nationals. Also modern players would likely have more titles, simply because there are more competitions now, compared to what existed in the 50s.