Diarrhea in younger people - infants and preschoolers - usually lasts longer than in older people because of intestinal factors. Two weeks of diarrhea in a 2 year old without any other signs or symptoms is usually not even a worrisome thing to most doctors. Also, start working on your alternate living arrangements now. Start putting aside cash - even just small amounts - that only you have access to. Make contact with someone at an abuse hotline (I don't know if there is a special hotline for spouses of alcoholics) where they will guide you in a safe way to leave, and how to stay safe after you've left. My first son started to bite at 2.5 years, right after the birth of my second child. I tried the usual (requests, talks, admonishments, exaggerated pain, etc.) with little effect. It's only when I started to simply say, "Biting is not OK. Time for a time out," and immediately remove him to his room (or the car if we were away from home) that he learned to stop. On the other hand, hurting people is not OK. To get this across, you need to react immediately and consistently with a consequence. He's not too young for a "time out". Some people never learn this. Let's take an adult example: I can't offer you personal medical advice (no one can over the internet), but I can address your frustration. Children have all kinds of reasons for feeling more comfortable in the presence of their parents at night. I can respect that. But you need your sleep and your time with your wife. If you don't want to leave him, don't leave him. How he reacts to this is not under your control. There may be some clues to look out for. Is he doing this when he's especially tired or overstimulated? When he's not getting something he craves? When he's with a lot of people or when not getting any attention? Looking for patterns may help you prevent the behavior in the first place with adequate rest, etc. Granted these were rare illnesses. Diarrhea is not. But the principles are the same: educate yourself and keep asking questions. When in doubt, seek a second (or third or fourth if it continues) opinion.