Subject likes this must be resolved into God's own good pleasure and grace, we can only have faith like the Apostle: 

2) When my sins were put on Christ, it was as his enemy so after believing in him I never need to worry that the guilt for my sin might come back. In other words as his enemy he died for me, not as his friend. Now that I am his friend I need not worry about loosing my justification before him. 

Conclusion: He died for sins means there is an exchange. He takes sins and gives back peace, righteousness  and eternal life in return.  We start dead, evil, condemned, going to hell, etc., then after the exchange, we are forgiven, more holy, have eternal life and are going to heaven, etc.   This is what 'Jesus died for our sins' in simple terms means, but unless we believe in it, the Bible says we do not take part in the exchange personally.  Repentance and faith must occur, before the exchange of sin for righteousness happens.  Jesus died for all but not all have received that gift.  

Your question smacks into the face of these primary building blocks of God's revelation of himself. First you very incorrectly assume 'we are all God's children'. The bible say's that nowhere, rather, as a good example taylor made for this question, Christ said in response to some Jews that said they were 'God's children': 

Basically the answer to your question is the Nicene Creed, but you have a collection of assumptions that are directly opposed to the reasoning of scripture. 

This was the scheme described by Jerome in his Commentary on Daniel.[7] Within this framework there are numerous variations. 

Not to say that the theological term is not very biblical. When the word begotten is used with “son” it does mean God’s only Son, indicating God’s absolute delight towards him and his absolute uniqueness (Jn 3:16, 18; 1 Jn 4:9). The statement at the baptism and transfiguration of Jesus in the Synoptics 'This is my beloved son' also carries the same sense of God’s absolute delight towards him and his absolute uniqueness, but not principally a literal/spiritual 'birth'. Not 'principally' a 'birth' but by implication as Jesus is unique since he is also eternally begotten. If that does not make him unique I do not know what can. In fact the very notion of a son, and all its uses in scripture could be argued as having its ultimate meaning in dimly reflecting the glory of the Son. The concept of sonship finds its ultimate meaning in Christ.