Also, listen to @Criggie in the comments. Learn to patch the tire. A patch kit can patch at least 5 punctures and costs about half the price of a tube. You can save even more if you can find a place that sells patches individually and buy the glue/cement in larger tubes. however, the pre-assembled patch kits are nice because they come with everything you need and easily fit in a seat bag so you can fix the problems on the trail. 

Us an old dead tube to line the tire. Cut it so that it can be wrapped around the other tire. This is basically the same idea as Tuffy tape, but less resistant to punctures. This can be done so that it does protect from the sides. The extra layer is similar to using extra thick tubes, without paying for extra thick tubes every time you need to replace your tubes. 

The other point is to ensure that you are always using the correct pressure, check before every ride. It sounds like you are already using a good pressure. However, I would go higher, probably up to at least 60 psi to prevent against pinch flats. Due to the nature of your flats, this probably isn't the issue but it could prevent future problems. If you don't want to spend money on expensive tires, you can opt for tire liners. I've had very good experience with this product specifically when I used to have cheaper tires. I find they did a very good job of protecting against flats. Not a single flat the entire 2 year span I was riding them. I currently use high end tires and don't have a problem with flats anymore, but tire liners are a cheaper option. One of the reviews has something interesting to say 

I've used Mr. Tuffy Tire liners on my road bike and swear by them. Rode over a broken beer bottle with these in and didn't get a flat. Personally, I think they are well worth the $15-$20 that they cost, and are probably the cheapest way to prevent punctures. At least on my experience with road bikes. But then again, they won't do anything against pinch flats, so I restate, get a good pump (or suffer with a bad pump) and make sure you tires are properly inflated. If you look at it from a cost perpective, even buying good tires can and often will cost less in the long run. Spending $100 on tires means you don't spend so much on other ways of preventing flats. You don't have to spend $15-$20 on Tuffy tape. You don't have to spend $10 on a new set of tubes a couple times a year, or spend a bunch of your time fixing punctures. 

This is kind of along the same lines as what @Benzo said.