You can view this in different ways. I think the three viewpoints I'm going to tell about all have their merits. 

By asking what the Bible says, you know what you get. So become a Greek and Hebrew scholar, a historian, an archaeologist, a theologian, etc. 

Practically, it's slow to do this for everything you read. It might suffice to do it only when in doubt. The ultra-cynical answer All translations have errors. Read the original, then. But some of the manuscripts have errors, too. And many things don't make sense to us, in a very different culture than which the texts were written in. If you ask what God says, you hear what 

The optimistic answer Warning: don't apply the following reasoning to sectarian translations, e.g. the New World Translation. Seriously. Or the less cynical variation: realize that sometimes a non-expert will need to do a lot of research. And they might still be wrong. 

The realistic answer (in other words, what I recommend!) All translations have errors. You should read different translations side-by-side (eg. using an online parallel Bible), and be careful with any translation choices that are found in only a few versions. As Ryan Frame says, the discovery of new stars does not mean that they were created recently. Also the birth of new stars (or animals, or people for that matter) doesn't imply new creation. God had set in motion at the time of creation the mechanisms by which they are created (coalescing matter clouds, sexual reproduction). That was the work of creation. The bringing-to-birth is the work of sustainment. Where you are incorrect is in saying the the Bible is not a divine book - at least as far as Christians are concerned. Christian belief is that God caused the Bible to be written in exactly the way he wanted it, but did so through the knowledge and minds of the people who wrote it down. Christians believe that it is inspired by God and therefore infallible. 

The Bible does not really have a concept of mental illness in the sense we have it today. There are, as far as I know, no stories in the Bible that clearly talk about the mentally ill. The answer to your question is exactly analogous to asking "who has the gift of healing?". We know that it is not everyone. The traditional Christian view on this is that God completed the work of creation in six days (whether you take that literally or metaphorically). However he is still in the business of sustaining his creation. The Catechism of the Catholic Church says in 301: 

You are correct when you write that the New Testament was written ABOUT Jesus. It was not written by him, at least not in the sense that he put pen to paper, or dictated the words. Your quote from Wikipedia, while it may correctly describe Muslim belief, certainly does not describe Christian belief on the subject. Many parts of the New Testament were clearly not written until many years after Jesus died and ascended to heaven. If you read the New Testament you will find that many of the author's names are given in the text - for example the four Gospels (Matthew, Mark Luke and John) were written by people of that name who either knew Jesus or collected stories about him or teachings he had given, and wrote them down so they would not be forgotten. Many of the later books were in fact letters, written mainly the Apostle Paul. The letters themselves state that they are authored by Paul, and could not have been truthfully dictated by Jesus. 

There are of course cases of people described as "demon possessed" or "having an evil spirit". Many have speculated that these are people who would today be described as having a mental illness. Examples that spring to mind include the demon called "Legion", (Mark 5 1-20), Luke 4:31-37, The Philippian slave girl (Acts 16). Large print bibles (i.e. normal book print size) are relatively rare because it makes the Bible very large. If you really want one then that will narrow down your choices. Looked at positively that will make your choice easier. Almost all bibles are two column except the large print ones. Most people don't like one column for fine print, so most publishers don't print them. Some of the beliefs of dependency include: Now this makes some people snigger, since they know that the Bible wasn't written in English and the KJV is an English translation of the original languages. 

Catholics, like other Christians, do not believe that going through certain rituals (such as mass and confession) get you to heaven. They believe that there is benefit from doing those things, but they are not the criteria for salvation. So to respond to your edited question Both Bible and Koran (or Quran) are proper names, since they refer to specific books, and as such should be capitalized. This is nothing to do with belief in the validity of either book, or respect for them. The name 'Satan' is capitalized in correct English, just like 'Jesus' and 'Mohammed'. EDIT:I originally said that Bob Jones University continued its ban on inter-racial dating until 2005. In fact it stopped in 2000, and apologized for it in 2005. 

Whatever we feel, Christians shouldn't find paraphrases of the Bible distasteful, as long as they are accurate paraphrases. 

TLDR: 'Bible' is often written in lowercase for the same reasons that apostrophes are often used in plurals. 

I hope it's obvious that the Bible (a book) and God (a divine being) are not the same thing. It has never been part of Christian theology that the Bible should be worshipped, or that believing the Bible is synonymous with Christianity. The Bible as we know it today did not exist at all for many decades after Jesus' death, and in its present form for hundreds of years, yet Christians certainly existed during that time. Almost all Christians take the Bible as a true and infallible word from God. But views on other communication from God differ. One area of difference is in Jesus statements about what is to happen after his death. He never states that his followers are to use the scriptures only, but "I will be with you" and "My spirit I give to you". Interpretations of that differ.