First, a straight line is the "fastest speed." For this is simply another way of saying that it is the "shortest distance" between two points. So the speed of light "C" is physically the "straightest" line. We use it to define the meter. But in physical reality, the linear extension of light, if we may think of it as such, refracts in innumerable mediations. And does so universally through the "lens" of gravitation. 

I would take the lesson from Hegel that "top-down" or "bottom-up" architectures must, at the very least, be reconceived as a more organic "inside-out" and "outside-in" reproduction of thinking, one that abhors closure and thus advances like Sisyphus towards its own ever-retreating "foundations." Many agree that Hegel's was the last attempt at founding a comprehensive philosophical system, and many more considered it the paradigm of mental folly. Strangely, Hegel never did develop a philosophy of language. And the next wave of "foundationalism" then turned to language and logic with Frege, Russell, and others, where set theory became the area hope of placing everything of a "firm basis." I believe most people now think such a system would be an impossible or useless verbal construction. 

As others have pointed out, physics might take this not as a defeat but as a triumph, for it retains the relative certainty of mathematics, while allowing its uncanny, seemingly unlimited involvement in the physical world. We now have more attempts to derive math from physics, the near inversion of the effort to reduce it to logic. Penelope Maddy, for one, attempts a set theory realism, not unlike your coffee cup process, which might then be correlated to mathematized "neural assemblies." Perhaps the most explicit, comprehensive effort in this direction comes in Hegel's Science of Logic and other works, wherein he attempts to build a complete philosophical system out of philosophical systems and a "logic" of logics. He observes first that there can be no "correct" starting point, one must simply slip into a phenomenological-hermeneutical circle of sorts and build outwards... and inwards. While Cort Ammon and others have given good definitional answers, these are more about the "nature of axiomatic systems," while I suspect what is wanted is more along the lines of, what is a straight line "really?" This is a bit like the problem of parallel lines in Euclid's fifth postulate. Infinity surreptitiously enters the assumptions. From what viewpoint can we know that two lines never, ever meet? And if some observer is making such a claim about two lines, isn't that consciousness itself mediating them? Aren't the two "identified" as two "lines" and thus already "meeting" in the mind...or perhaps in the "visual plane," which is then abstracted out. I am still groping towards answers here, so forgive my amateur attempt. But I suspect that "randomness" is a complex, inherently paradoxical term akin to "singularity" or "nothing" or "infinity." 

You refer to the distinction between "random" and "caused." But this is a rather odd dichotomy. It assumes "uncaused events" or, in a Humean vein, events with no conjunctions or perhaps "no correlations." Third, just as the "shortest distance" is the "fastest speed" it is also the "least possible difference." The least "distance" entails two "stances" or "instantiations" or "points." A "dif-ference" is related to the root word for "ferry." To go straight back and forth. The fastest ferry is the least difference. And the shortest route or distance, or "straightest line." 

But if mathematics is to be purely axiomatic, what are the axioms to be founded on? Intuition? Clear and distinct ideas? And how are we to arrive at universal intuitions? The problem is an ancient one that became more acute when it was determined by Gauss, et al. that Euclid's system was not fully deducible from his axioms, and that relatively consistent, perfectly useful systems could be generated from other axioms... though never, it turned out, mutually and completely reduced to one axiomatic system. Of course, Godel is said to have delivered the coup de grace to this hope of completion. 

Fifth, To expand on the fourth point. We live in "three dimensional" volumes. Scare quotes because we should distrust our axiomatic concepts of "dimension."Two volumes intersect to form a plane. A plane is the intersection or "mutual elimination" of two volumes. A plane is the least thing we can see or imagine. A "line" is the intersection or "mutual limitation" of two planes.A point is the mutual limitation of two lines. And what is the intersection of two points? A circle? An "oscillation?" Sorry, I am posting as is. Utterly incomplete. Only because I was dissatisfied with the "axiomatic" answers. There is more to it... and the question deserves better. What "are" the Euclidean entities we so readily intuit? I hope this will prompt better answers, and I will edit this mess of an answer as soon as I can. Have computers indeed enabled mathematicians to "experiment" in ways more analogous to the physical sciences? Does this constitute a stronger argument for the "reality" of mathematical objects? If we talk about "experimental mathematics" is this a form of Platonism or is it cognitive naturalism? Or either one? Odd, I had always imagined these two as complete opposites.