Could this damage the studs significantly? Should I: 

I recently purchased new football boots, ACE 16.3 Men's Firm Ground, and I want to test them about at a nearby pitch. 

Here are some criteria I considered, and their exceptions: 

An update to the definition of an assist was provided in the Mexico 1986 World Cup technical report: 

An assist point cannot be rewarded for : 

In most top level leagues, the assist is only rewarded to the last pass to the goalscorer. Secondary assists are sometimes tracked as "chances created" or "decisive passes". 

Communication / Chemistry Manchester City's Yaya Touré is one of few professional soccer players from Côte d'Ivoire. Based on KSI's gameplay video with him, it can be said that his English is not perfect. Tottenham Hotspur has their goalkeeper, Hugo Lloris, as their captain, despite being the only French player on the team. 

Complete list of FIFA technical reports here. 

What criteria make a player more worthy of being captain than others? 

The fastest (non-automobile) route to the pitch is a 12-minute walk along a mostly pavement sidewalk. 

Popularity West Ham's captain is Mark Noble who is a stranger to neutral fans compared to Dimitri Payet. Liverpool's Jordan Henderson is injury-prone, and with an FPL score of 7, might as well be another benchwarmer. 

The goalscorers in games in major tournaments (like Spanish La Liga, English Premier League, UEFA Champions League, FIFA World Cup, etc.) are recorded during the match by the match commissioner. The competition organizers then keep tally, for awards like top scorer and best player which are given at the end of the competition. In this case, the Royal Spanish Football Federation would add the goal to Luis Suarez's tally, while Lionel Messi would be credited with the assist (which most federations keep tally of as well). But again, there is no record of any penalty (or any other kind of) misses. 

Being banned from football means the person is not allowed to take part in any activities pertaining to football, i.e., they cannot hold any positions in football governing bodies, and they cannot be part of a team(player or manager) in any competitive match. They can be allowed to watch football games, if they purchase the tickets privately. Some people might not be allowed to even do that, which means they have been given a 'stadium ban'. 

Asking football to continue without FIFA is like asking for a match to be played without a referee. Apart from the fact that FIFA governs football all over the world, FIFA also organizes tournaments like the World Cup, Youth World Cup, etc and has other roles and responsibilities as described above. A solution to what you are asking would be to disband FIFA and create another regulatory body for football. But the problem here is not FIFA, but the people running FIFA. Hence, even disbanding FIFA would make no sense if the same people are running the new governing body. The real solution is to get rid of the corrupt people, and ensure FIFA is being run in a clean and transparent way. Hence, FIFA President Sepp Blatter and FIFA Vice-President Michel Platini have been given 8 year bans upon being found guilty of corruption by the FIFA Ethics Committee.