Its possibly worth noting in this regard, that Aristotles Physics VI.1 on Continuity, states that: There are three parts to this generation: the manifold of parts (the lines), the synthesis (the process of make them into the letter 'T'), and the unity (the letter 'T' itself). 

Notably, to place these three very distinct phenomena into one genus makes them commensurable; and also, continua for Aristotle are the bearers of change, alteration and variation ie waves: they change in one direction say increase, until increase is no longer possible - rest - and then decrease. The obvious place to look is in Clifford's book or/and his bibliography - but I don't have access to a copy. 

The empty set as a concept in ZFC is unproblematic as it satisfies formal properties. 

Water is the archê of all things. (Metaphysics) 

This is mainly a historical question. In Gary Hatfields introduction to Kants Prologomena, he says: There is such a thing as cultural chauvinism: I note for example, you are not asking why philosophy of the aborigines of Austranesia not represented. 

In Kants compressed language, this means that it is not neccessarily the case that triangles, given their axiomatic definition in (Euclidean) Geometry, must have the sum of any two sides greater than the third. One notes in this that toposes tie in three strands of modern mathemtics in a native manner - logic, geometry & sets. Professor Klaus Karttunen, a specialist in the relations between the Indian subcontinent and the western world in classical antiquity writes in a review of McEvilleys book The Shape of Ancient Thought: 

This view shouldn't be taken as some hard and fast binary opposition; there has been times when the two have had a rapprochement, easily seen for example in the syncretic statuary of Graeco-Indian Gandara. 

There was neither sky nor heaven beyond it. From the Woods/Guyer translation of Kants Critique of Reason: 

In 1870, Clifford, the English mathematician and sometime philosopher wrote the following in his book, On the Space theory of Matter; This is how concepts give unity to a manifold of intuition by synthesis. 

Edit I just tried to get access to the tertiary literature again from where I took the information in this answer, in order to be able to cite the sources they reference. This wasn't successful, but I found that most balanced accounts of the Socrates trial also contain the information to which I referred in this answer. Hopefully the following quote clarifies the significance of the "contrived reasons": I intentionally wrote "Socrates was a living person" instead of "it's extremely unlikely that Socrates was merely a figment of Plato's imagination", because I'm convinced that the available evidence for this statement is not weaker than the available evidence for other commonly accepted statements. 

So when Aristotle explained "I will not allow the Athenians to sin twice against philosophy", he really feared persecution, albeit for reasons unrelated to philosophy (or "not holding the gods in honor"). Important support for Stone's conclusion comes from the earliest surviving reference to the trial of Socrates that does not come from one of his disciples. In 345 B.C.E., the famous orator Aechines told a jury: "Men of Athens, you executed Socrates, the sophist, because he was clearly responsible for the education of Critias, one of the thirty anti-democratic leaders." Socrates was a living person, and was really sentenced to death. He wasn't the only one being sentenced to death for contrived reasons during that time in Athens. People fleeing Athens for fear of persecution sometimes referred to Socrates death for justification. I see this as some form of convention, because the accusation "not holding the gods in honor" often just masked reasons more closely related to xenophobia, and referring to Socrates allowed the victims to avoid giving the real reasons why they feared persecution.