What things a group punishes with the death penalty will therefore depend on, for example, how capable the authorities are at retaining prisoners. 

Then, it seems that there are situations where the death penalty is just, but once someone is captured those situations are rare. We shouldn't administer the death penalty for the sake of killing someone, instead we should first have a (just) goal for which the death penalty is the only option to achieve it. 

It seems a simple consequence of logic that if you identify certain moral positions (X is morally right, Y is morally wrong, etc.), any system of ethics that goes against those positions must be incorrect. In questions of right and wrong, whether a belief is commonly held is potentially informative but not of ultimate importance. 

Constructing an Ethical System Acquinas has a compelling position: Deviations from Moral Intuitions 

Socrates does this by asking his interlocutor a series of questions (e.g., about different virtuous people) to draw out some intuition, and lead that intuition to more general statements until there is something prescriptive (e.g., whether Virtue can be taught). Acquinas in Summa Theologica does not lay out rules. Instead, he asks himself a series of questions about a single topic. From the answers to those questions, one can come away with a prescriptive answer. CS Lewis in Mere Christianity uses as the underpinning of all his logic that in figuring out how other humans work, we have as ourselves the first example. He then takes intuition about what we know about ourselves to extrapolate to other people. Those are just three examples, but I could keep going. It seems then that as a practical matter, the problem you pose of having a complicated ethical framework that doesn't pass some basic (by the author's own criteria) sanity check at the end of its construction is generally not an issue, as philosophers build ethical systems bit-by-bit, testing whether what they've said makes sense along the way, checking that the most basic issues are handled in the beginning. Towards at least the first kind of answer, you could look at Alain de Botton's citations on Google Scholar. This search reveals that he is fairly well cited, with publications in the three digits. However, when you click on the citation links there, you should check whether they venues include philosophy journals or what are clearly philosophy books. 

I think Philippa Foot's "Morality as a System of Hypothetical Imperatives" offers a nice revised understanding of how one might orient Ethics around the Categorical Imperatives Kant describes. But it rejects core ideas of Kant's about categorical imperatives, like that they all have the same meaning and that they have the force of necessity Kant seemingly thought they have (Kant's thinking about this being a matter of some debate). There is a huge literature by contemporary Kantians, nearly all of whom reject specific parts of Kant's program. 

You can find a first kind answer by checking whether his work is well-cited in the professional philosophy literature. That is, do philosophers find his work worth engaging in their own work? Has his work been treated as part of the professional conversation among philosophers?