Richard Dawkins, in his book The God Delusion, articulates an "infantile version" of the ontological argument in a way that might reveal it's reasoning and major flaw: The later reason is simply that we are more aware of it. The general public is more aware of logical contradictions; we have time to concern ourselves with these things. I would image the average man back in those days had real concerns like whether it was going to rain the next day so his crops could grow. As for the "core/essential texts", it's not exactly a simple task to just sum up all the texts we've read and provide a list, especially a list that's in a good order because in many cases order does matter. But more importantly, it's not often necessary or even useful at times to read the entirety of a particular text; in fact, it can even be off-putting and seriously diminish your interest in philosophy if you force yourself to read the whole of a particularly bland text. For example, I've read the whole of The Critique of Pure Reason, and while many would probably agree that it is an essential/core text, I would not recommend reading the whole thing unless you plan on being a Kantian scholar (I had to read it for a class). It just gets too dry in parts and honestly, even classic texts will have sections which will not be very exciting for you — trust me, no one finds all of philosophy interesting and cool. Part of the problem, of course, is highlighted by Jon Ericson's answer: thinking that is typically associated with the "postmodern" camp seeks to reject things like labels and totalizing meta-narratives. They wouldn't be too keen on allying themselves with any particular camp, or labeling their unique brand of thought as "postmodernist". There is a notable tendency among these thinkers to resist the homogenization and categorization that such labeling implies. "Postmodernists" would tell you that you're really asking the wrong question. Rather than trying to put a label on their critical project, to attempt to unite and thereby destabilize it from without, you should join in on the project and become part of the movement. Beyond that, the paragraph you mention concluding that postmodernism has influenced many other cultural fields is an important one. "Postmodernism" is not limited in scope to philosophy. In fact, when applied to other disciplines, an even more complicated web begins to emerge. From architecture to art to music, and dozens of other disciplines in between, "postmodernism" takes on very important meanings. Wikipedia links to a host of articles on "postmodern x", where x represents some particular artistic discipline. Again, what most of them have in common is the rejection of "modernism" In short, if questions of interpretation interest you at all, there's not much point in going any further before you have grappled with this text. If your interest is not so much in the content of the unwritten doctrines, but in the fact that they were oral and not written, there is a body of literature on Plato and the transition from Orality to Literacy. Eric Havelock's Preface to Plato is the primary work on the subject, but it is almost half a century old. A more recent (but briefer) trip through the material can be found here. Despite my better judgment, I'm going to try to flesh out this answer a bit. In short, we don't know, and have no way of knowing, what Plato didn't write. So, the question then becomes one of the interpretation of texts: how do we know when we have interpreted a text "correctly"? Further, what would "correctly" mean in this case: the recovery of authorial intent? The branch of philosophy [*] that these questions belong to is termed 'hermeneutics', and there exists a vast literature on the subject. If one were interested in a historical view, Schleiermacher would be the place to start, but I wouldn't recommend that, for the following reason: