Causal relations may hold between facts, logical relations may hold between ideas or propositions. The concept of time does not apply to the latter. A causal relation like "Fact A" causes "Fact B" presumes that A is earlier than B, more general, that B is in the forward lightcone of A. Aside: Your title distinguishes different possible worlds. In my opinion, the adding "metaphysical" possible realities is not necessary. @Boris You are right to put in question the reasoning of the book you refer to: Both the principle of identity of indiscernibles and the claim "I Think Therefore I am" refer to different domains. The claim of Descartes refers to epistemology - What can I know? - while Leibniz' principle refers to ontology - How are the objects of our world arranged? In my opinion the decision about assuming the existence of the Jewish god should be made on the explanatory value of such a hypothesis: 

Hence one passes from the infinite set of integers to the finite set FF_2 by introducing an equivalence relation. And this equivalence relation respects addition and multiplication. One has a set ob objects and wants to group them into classes, with all members of each class having the same property. All members of one class are equivalent concerning the given property, but they are not equal. 

A second point refers to the scope of his principle. The scope, where Aristotle's principle can be usefully applied, covers only objects from our everyday life, the mesocosm. Science like physics has expanded the domain of investigation to microcosm and macrocosm. E.g. the guiding principle from particle physics is to investigate the different kinds of interaction forces. And to study the possible ways to create particles from pure (= non-material) energy and to annihilate particles into pure energy. Long before the theory of relativity represented space and time as aspects of or abstractions from a single entity, spacetime, philosophers saw space and time as intimately related. (A glance through any dictionary of quotations suggests that the philosophical pairing of space and time reflects a natural, pre-philosophical tendency: “Had we but world enough, and time …”; “Dwellers all in time and space”.)