The girl is 20 months old, and it is not her fault that she loves her game of picking things from the room and throwing them out of balcony and watching them fall. It is tiresome for me to keep on going down to the ground floor to pick up things repeatedly. The door of balcony cannot be closed since the child stares down on the street from there and self soothes. 

At what age does the child start understanding the difference between the spoken words like C, See, Eight, Ate, and Eat? So, I wish to know how to teach a child from the beginning itself to "tell" when she needs to go to the toilet and not to sit silently and do the deeds in her pants. She is NOT hard of hearing. She does understand what I say. She does understand the long English sentences I speak to her. I live in India. There is a huge cultural difference as compared to western countries. Therefore it is simply not possible to tell the in-laws to not talk about god to the child. 

Hindi is the native language and English is a foreign language where I live. The toddler (2 years old) gets sent to the daycare. They speak Hindi there. 

I do force the child to say these English words and she does comply. I can feel that it is not easy for her. When I ask her to say give, she says pig. I ask her to say look, she says took. Key is the repetition. Instead of telling your child - sit down and read that, I recommend you to: 

I use "ate" when I am taking in past tense. I do pronounce eat and ate differently. But, the child uses "eat" to say whatever she wants. Example she says (after putting the pen in frog toy's mouth): "Frog eat pen". Whereas it should be Frog ate pen. 

Last time I grabbed her and put in another room, alone, and closed the door for some time. She wailed for some time, and I didn't know if that was the correct move from my side. 

The in-laws don't live with us. They live far away. But, every year for 2-3 weeks we have to visit them, and they also visit us the same way. Child is 2 years 2 months old. How should I respond to the child when she is in presence of the in laws? How to know that the child is ready to learn this, and the way out? 

Anyways, she repeated the deed again sometime later in the day. 

I talk to her loudly and tell her to say sorry. She complies, and then repeats the deed again. 

Child easily says: "Paani" rather then water. "De Do" rather than give. "Aaoo" rather than come. "De kho" rather than look. I live among believers. My in laws have shown some photographs of Hindu gods to her and have taught her to fold her hands as a mark of respect. Please don't rely on the books which use words like A for ambulance and S for scorpion. How many times in your daily life you get to see ambulances and scorpions? The child will soon forget the words which she cannot relate to in real life, daily. She can say thankyou, please, mole, eyes, nose, hands, snake (with not so correct pronunciation though.). 

When my infant was born I never knew any lullabies, so I used to sing A for ant, B for ball, C for cat.. up-till W carefully using the names of the things which could be seen in the real life, daily - as a lullaby with full expressions and in a loud and clear voice. 

After she is 20, I can reveal to her the world history (wars, natural calamities, gas chambers etc.) and I can tell her why I turned agnostic. Then if she thinks it is wise to pray to god or to demons - I simply won't interfere. It would be totally her decision.