Oswald's Sharpshooter badge seems to have been all he earned. 

For both organisations, their advantage is that it's easier to integrate their officers into the larger uniformed services than civilians. This is useful in wartime: essentially, they provide reserves of scientifically trained officers for the military. Other countries use more normal military reserve services, or commission civilians when necessary. The drawback is that the government can't get rid of them so easily as civilian staff, when it wants to. 

One of the things that made it possible, if risky, to do this with relatively small numbers was that the Panzer division commanders didn't worry about maintaining a continuous front line. They were willing to be isolated inside enemy territory, provided they could remain mobile, because they reckoned that they could move faster than troops could be brought into position to fight them. 

It might have worked as a dive-bomber, but it would have needed significant modifications for that, and the Luftwaffe had mostly given up dive-bombing by 1944. Edit: The aircraft is much faster than the Ju 87, but I really doubt it could be dived at full speed, because it would have hit compressibility problems rather quickly. It would have needed powerful dive brakes, and would have been vulnerable to AAA in the dive. 

The process was pretty gradual. For the WRNS, their association's website outlines it. Post-WWII, the service shrank to about 3,000 women in support and administrative jobs. Wrens had never been allowed to serve on board ships. In 1974, it was decided that integration had to happen, but this took decades: 

Another part of it was that the supply units for the panzer divisions were dedicated to that job and fully motorised, so they could keep up, and supplies and fuel for several days of combat could travel with the division. The idea was that they'd have won by then. 

Eligibility for the Navy Occupation Service Medal had ended in 1952. 

Additions for Japan: they used flamethrowers as anti-tank weapons a few times, with some success, but they don't seem to have issued bombs on poles. The easiest way to improvise one would be to attach a Type 99 mine to a sturdy stick. They also had a cheap shaped-charge anti-tank grenade, the Type 3 which could have been used in a hand-to-hand attack on a tank. I don't know if this ever actually happened; you'd need a very detailed history or personal memoirs to find out. 

Did King Charles XII create a new "base" in southern Polish cities like Krakow and Lublin from which to draw supplies and reinforcements for what would then be a logical invasion of the Ukraine? Was he trying to conquer Ukraine on behalf of his new Polish allies? Or were the allies in question perhaps the Turks (natural enemies of Russia)? If so, were they supplying him across the Black Sea, and up the Dniepr River? 

Basically, European "states" were all smaller than the Roman Empire, in reach and population for 1000 years or so after the fall of Rome. More to the point, they were mostly subdivided into feudal principalities for most of the period. Rome in 278 BC had better control of "half of Italy" than Paris over all of (or even half of) France in 1346 A.D. 

The second Punic War started as an uprising by Hannibal, a descendant of one of Carthage's native born generals, in Spain against "creeping" Roman domination. With little Carthagian support (but the implicit approval of the government), he raised a "mixed" army, crossed the Alps, and invaded Italy. Because Rome's defenses were too strong for him, he ended in the southern part of the peninsula, fighting a seesaw war. 

The problem was that the World War I airplanes were mostly fighters, not bombers. The role of "bombers" was discovered after the war. The second problem was that while tanks were introduced during World War I, they were then used as mobile infantry, not mobile artillery, because they didn't have the "cavalry" or Blitzkrieg capabilities that made them so effective in World War II. Under those circumstances, successful "side attacks" were infrequent, costly, and historical footnotes. 

I don't know why Hitler wanted a very fast bomber, but there are a couple of obvious possibilities: 

One of the things that made it possible, if risky, to do this with relatively small numbers was that the Panzer division commanders didn't worry about maintaining a continuous front line. They were willing to be isolated inside enemy territory, provided they could remain mobile, because they reckoned that they could move faster than troops could be brought into position to fight them. 

Oswald wasn't eligible for any of the current campaign medals, or any of the service and training awards, most of which were created after his death. 

The transition process was long enough to give plenty of time for retraining. 

It might have worked as a dive-bomber, but it would have needed significant modifications for that, and the Luftwaffe had mostly given up dive-bombing by 1944. Edit: The aircraft is much faster than the Ju 87, but I really doubt it could be dived at full speed, because it would have hit compressibility problems rather quickly. It would have needed powerful dive brakes, and would have been vulnerable to AAA in the dive. 

Eligibility for the Navy Occupation Service Medal had ended in 1952. 

The USPHS Commissioned Corps descends from the Marine Hospital Service, which was first set up in 1798 to provide medical care to seamen, including naval personnel from 1799. In 1870, it was re-organised as the Marine Hospitals Service, whose first chief was Dr John Maynard Woodworth. He wanted his doctors to be a mobile work force, to be stationed wherever they were needed, and mandated uniforms. As a federal health-care organisation, the MHS' remit expanded in many cases where the federal government needed to provide medical services. Since their hospitals were in major ports, they became responsible for quarantine and other public health functions. In 1912, they became the Public Health Service. Their hospitals began to close after budget cuts during the Nixon administration, and are all gone now. The Commissioned Corps has survived as a public health organisation, and as a provider of medical staff to the other uniformed services.