When exterminating an insect or bug, one should not oppress the creature. The creature should be exterminated quickly without giving it pain. Maximum effort should be made to minimise suffering and pain. It is prohibited to give undue pain to the creation of Allah. [2] 

Muhammad Sarwar: who become confused during their prayers, 

Arberry: and are heedless of their prayers, 

It is severely disliked and prohibited to burn or drown any creation of Allah.[3] Only in the extreme case where there is no other strategy to safeguard oneself and property from the harms of a creature can one resort to burning or drowning.[4] 

It is permissible to exterminate bugs and insects which are harmful to one's life or belongings. Source Details: -> 

Pickthall: Who are heedless of their prayer; 

This is related by Ahmad, at-Tirmidhi, Abu Dawud, an-Nasa'i, and Ibn Majah. The hadith is hasan sahih. 

Shakir: Who are unmindful of their prayers, 

Mohsin Khan: Who delay their Salat (prayer) from their stated fixed times, 

Yusuf Ali: Who are neglectful of their prayers, 

Fajir prayer is actually a meter or a gauge that shows how much Imaan(Faith) you have. If you implement the ways mentioned above and you still miss Fajir. This definitely means your sins are holding you from waking up. if you think you are not doing any sin, then I higlhy suggest that you Search deep in your soul. You don't know one day you looked at a something you were not supposed to look at, you miss treating your parents, you didn't call your relatives since along time, you backbite and you think it is not backbiting, or even that you prayed Fajir once and that gave you a feeling in which you think you are better than those not praying Fajir(not being humble). . You should now your soul very well. There is a sin in there you didn't take notice of it. 

Without any delays, Ingredients are: 

6- The last one which many people don't pay attention to is YOUR SINS 

Note: when we talk about abandoning salat altogether, we mean the Fard Salawat. 

First of all Fardh means obligatory, so when you enter the masjid and the Obligatory is in progress than you must, must, must join the obligatory salaat. Outside of this you can make the sunnahs or not make them, if you do not make them, especially the confirmed sunnah's you have not sinned but you just missed out on making a sunnah prayer and gaining more reward. 

For further reading see this (it is in Arabic). 

The wisdom behind this is that by rising the index finger in salat, it is harmful to Shaytaan in the sense that he is being humiliated and what he invites to. Ibn Ummar mentioned when he raised his finger in salat he said that the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him said): 

The reason why we face the Qiblah is, in the days the Prophet Muhammad peace be upon Him came, the Qiblah then was towards Jami' Al Aqsa , so Allah change it to the Kabah to see who would follow and who will not. 

I am not aware of a hadith which mentions a certain/specific punishment if you miss a salat, I am aware though of the hadith which says:: 

And that is by making Dhuhr and Asr together, making it eight Rak'at, and making Maghrib and Isha' together making it seven Rak'ats, source.