Forked lightning is for use between casts of Frozen Orb. You said that 44% seems low, especially compared to 1000% from Blizzard, but you're not taking everything into account. The standard movement speed is as fast as it gets in Diablo 3. There is no run/walk toggle because you're now always running. Stamina no longer exists, and there's no real reason to ever move at a slower pace. 

As for running faster, however, there are items that increase your movespeed. You are most likely to find this affix on boots, although it also exists much more rarely on other items. 

Electrocute's attack speed is really fast, so that 44% has a chance to trigger twice as often as the cast speed of other skills. Electrocute is free. The primary attack on any wizard build is generally meant as a filler between "real" attacks, and Forked Lightning is probably the wizard primary that deals the most damage the fastest from range. Blizzard deals 1000% damage over time, whereas this damage is instantaneous. They both have their uses, but comparing the flat numbers to each other is disingenuous. The reason Forked Lightning and Frozen Orb are used on the most common builds is because they both are the most efficient at what they do. They don't necessarily synergize with each other more than any other offensive spell/primary combination, but each one individually is very strong. Frozen Orb is a very strong arcane-power-costing offensive spell, and Forked Lightning is a very strong free offensive spell to cast when you can't afford more Frozen Orbs for the time being. I'm using the ferret rune for companion. Now I have 2 ferrets running around collecting gold and adding paltry DPS to my arsenal, which is awesome. Is thorns return damage somehow a function of how much damage I sustain? What if I block or dodge? What is the approximate formula for damage return based on my current thorns? 

Just keep doing rifts, and eventually you might get lucky again. You will still have to use clicking for your primary and secondary skills, but if you use a lot of clicking and holding to attack rather than repeated clicking, you won't have to click too much. 

You can check which ones you've seen across all your characters by checking the People Lore achievements A Quick Study (Campaign Act I), Judge of Character (Campaign Act II) and Primary Sources (Campaign Act III). Each character records lore separately so the only ways to know if a specific lore has been read by a given character (for the XP bonus if not for being thorough) is to check for it in the lore screen or to try reading the specific lore. You will need to log into the auction house through Diablo 3 by signing into Diablo 3 and clicking Auction House from the left-hand side of the character selection screen. In the top-right corner of the auction house, you can access the real-money auction house. To buy, in the buy tab, find something you want to buy using the search in the auction house, click on it and place a bid. To sell, in the sell tab, select the item in your inventory and set bidding criteria. Use the Auctions tab to view the status of your auctions. View the Auction House FAQ for more. 

This probably goes without saying, but if you are playing multiplayer with a ranged partner, have them focus on the flies while you take out the other opponents. I had the same problem when I first faced these critters on my Monk. They are the first enemy that caused me to change my skill loadout. 

As of Patch 2.0.1, the below answer is out of date. Rare items no longer need to be identified. Legendary items still do, though. Just right click them to reveal which item you've discovered. Blizzard's philosophy behind orange (and other) damage numbers is explained thoroughly in their blog post, but here are the rules regarding when they appear: Is the collapsed/expanded state of the achievement. If this icon is absent, the achievement cannot be expanded. EDIT: I know for the Gold auction house, there is no cooldown, but I was wondering if there was one for the RMAH. I don't want to put down cash to test this out, but I would also like to know how long I have to wait before reselling an item or trading it to a friend. 

I tried to paraphrase this so it was a little more understandable, but here's the explanation in the words of a blue poster over on the diablo forums: Chance on hit to fear: Confirmed. Using Deadly Reach I saw two enemies get feared and run away.