In this case, the necessary and sufficient conditions for sentience are (depending on how you define "sentient"): Yes, assuming you have both agreed on a basis for comparison and a system of reasoning. That is, if you both (for example) agree that a better set of morals is one that ensures the greatest happiness for the greatness number of people, and you both agree that Western logic would be used to judge the arguments on either side, then yes, you could. The only requirement that a rational agent conform to the Categorical Imperative comes from the fact that an autonomous will adhering to it would be considered rational, and an autonomous will violating it would be considered irrational. Since a will that chooses rationality over irrationality is a moral good, we ought to conform to the CI. Bloom, P. (2010). How do morals change? Nature, 464(7288), 490. Brosnan, S. (2011). An evolutionary perspective on morality. Journal of Economic Behavior & Organization, 77, 23-30. Carpendale, J. (2000). Kohlberg and Piaget on stages and moral reasoning. Developmental Review, 20, 181-205. Endicott, L., Bock, T., & Narvaez, D. (2003). Moral reasoning, intercultural development, and multicultural experiences: relations and cognitive underpinnings. International Journal of Intercultural Relations, 27, 403-419. Haan, N. (1982). Can Research on Morality in Scientific?. American Psychologist, 37(10), 1096-1104. Krebs, D., & Denton, K. (2005). Toward a more pragmatic approach to morality: a critical evaluation of Kohlberg’s model. Psychological Review, 112(3), 629-649. Musschenga, A. (2009). Moral intuitions, moral expertise and moral reasoning. Journal of Philosophy of Education, 43(4), 597-613. Rest, J., Narvaez, D., Bebeau, M., Thoma, S. (1999). A neo-Kohlbergian approach: The DIT and schema theory. Educational Psychology Review, 11(4), 291-324. Presuming I understand you correctly, if the only responsibility which a voter has a duty to perform is voting (in order to cause positive change, or prevent negative change), then it's not a bad argument. However, in the real world, voters ("citizens") have a duty to more than merely vote for an official, but to ensure existing officials actions are accounted for. This is through further voting (non-election ballots), activism/raising awareness to issues, being up-to-date on political issues, etc. And yet, this new understanding does not make the concept of morality completely defunct. It simply moves the concept of morality from its prior universal pedestal to the pedestal of social contingency. That is, the morality we speak of is not a phenomenon of the universe itself but of social groups1. Contrary to one's initial reaction to this finding, being contingent and not universal actually makes our task much easier; for imagine if we had to set out to investigate that which underlies the fabric of the universe? Again, a virtually impossible task. What is left for us instead is to find out what provides the basis for the widespread (although not completely universal) human tendency towards a moral state, what bearing it has in relation to our evolutionary past, and how we can use this knowledge to better ourselves. Establish what your maxim is, and then re-investigate your argument. I'm having difficulty conceiving of an example of a potato-based maxim that would violate Kant's principle. Kant's principle only applies to the maxim of your action. Eating a potato in and of itself is not a maxim nor does it involve any kind of moral action. But yes, if Kant's principle did not state this requirement, there would be numerous ways using non-maxims to "foil" Kant's principle. I'm assuming by "secular" argument you simply mean "not based on some religious doctrine but justified through some form of logical reasoning". In that case, in my experience most of the arguments boil down to fetal potential; that you are killing something that has the potential to lead a fulfilling life. Perhaps the most famous to argue this was Don Marquis. God/the Bible is actually not a source of morality The first part to my answer already shows why God cannot be a source of morality, and many people have spoken of the moral shortcomings of the Bible so I won't belabor the point too much. Sam Harris in Letter to a Christian Nation, puts it best when he wrote: The baser assertion in there is "existence is better than non-existence", and thus and existing thing would be inherently better than a non-existing thing. But this is again just an unsupported assertion. No reason or logic leads someone to that conclusion, it is merely stated as fact. People either accept it or they don't. Seems to me that existence is chaotic, full of pain and suffering and math tests and broken hearts. Sure, there's good too, but non-existence is essentially eternal peace, which doesn't sound so bad... Logic and reason aside, there is something about eating human flesh that is repulsive to me (and probably many other people), so while I can claim all day that I see nothing inherently wrong with eating in vitro human flesh, I would almost certainly never do it, just as I wouldn't ingest quite a lot of things (unless there was a really good reason for it). So, it may be morally defensible on some level, but however you slice it, it'd still be a tough sell. It's just an excuse for apathy, in my mind. What studies consistently find is that people of even similar backgrounds and faiths will vary markedly with regard to their "stage", further confirming that there is no set standard or law that everyone draws from, even from within the same religion or culture. As a starting point, I can tell you that, generally: