In short, I don't think any kind of perceived recognition is the primary reason for close voting, as the majority of the close votes I've seen are on questions that actually need to be closed. Unless this changes dramatically, I don't see any reason to change what little recognition/blame people do get for voting to close. 

Would it be possible to increase the weight of title text in searches (maybe just on Meta)? I know that this is fundamentally user error, but it seems like placing exact title matches at the very top of search results could alleviate some of these duplicates. 

That's what closing is. You can revise it using the tips from the comments, then five votes from the community (or one from a moderator) will reopen your question. 

Based on what? Citations please. 

I think you need to try to understand that having quality standards is what makes Stack Exchange sites better than competing sites like Yahoo! Answers. The communities have a say in what goes into the FAQ, they make the content, and they elect the moderators. If there's a specific question that gets closed that shouldn't be, the community has the power to override even a moderator's decision and reopen it. 

The question doesn't show up at the top of the results, and this is even after I added the feature-request and reputation-graph tags to my question. 

Yes, moderators can change your profile picture if we need to. Before the recent feature change that allowed users to upload a picture directly, we could edit a user's email address to temporarily force Gravatar to generate a default image. Now that users can directly upload a picture, moderators have the ability to change this setting on other user's profile as well. If you see a NSFW picture being used as an avatar, flag one of their posts for moderator attention and we'll take a look. I mean to change it, not just to look at NSFW pics. 

If new users don't respond to the help they get, and keep posting questions that show no effort, no research, nothing, they deserve every downvote they get. 

Upvoting should go without reputation loss. If only those with sufficient reputation can keep voting, this will have a bad influence on the site and will give a negative sentiment, something like "Sorry I don't upvote you. You have enough reputation already and I don't want to lose mine." 

If you force other users to wait until they can vote to close, the question is long gone and will probably never get closed, since no one sees them. This is bad for the quality of the site. We don't close questions to bully people, it is quality management tool. 

Some things are in place to help: 

Blocking comments from low-reputation users in one mechanism against SPAM, since comment spam is very hard to track (since there is no review queue on that for example and no bumps). The comment block serves its purpose. Allowing new users to do one comment (possibly one SPAM comment), breaks this measure. 

And how do you think ABP earns money? By letting companies pay to get on the list*. No way SE will pay for that. 

Do you really want to scare off users to use flags, just because they don't want to lose their reputation? There are already enough users that don't downvote because it costs them 1 point. How many users you think will flag something suspicious if it costs them 5 reputation? Won't that leave very bad content around for those few not interested in their reputation? 

Can't we just educate users when to flag and (temporary) flag ban those users who have proven to consistently misuse this feature? 

This post was inspired by a post on MSO from a moderator. 

No, if a question or answer is not okay, the author should work on it fixing it. You have as long as you want to, since a question put on hold can be reopened any time when it accumulates enough votes. In the meantime, OP and others can comment on it (if they have at least 50 reputation) or edit the question. Every edit will send the question into the reopen review queue, so it gets eyes on it. 

It would helpful for me to follow up on posts if I could easily spot where I have already made contributions so I can followup with changes to the post or any further comments directed at me. 

So, unless you change what "accepted answer" means, being downvoted should have no bearing on its place at the top of the list. 

UPDATE: Oh, crap. A possible slight miscalculation. I might-- just might-- have another day or two to go. We'll see. 

...so we can better decide if it is worth following a link. 

A few months ago, I wrote a promising proposal called "An Objective Site Life Cycle" which accomplished about 90% of what you described above. It was ultimately pushed out in favor of splitting up the graduation process (baby steps), but the main tenet of this proposal was to present a completely objective and transparent process which listed exactly what communities would need to get to that next level (including things like starting an election, removing the 'beta' label, getting a custom design, etc, etc). It was a way to clearly convey: