(4) ¿Podría alguien más __ haber estado ___usando su ordenador? 

(2) ¿Alguien más podría haber estado __ usando su ordenador? 

In the case of the verb(s) give, then, if you coordinate two clauses like He gives blood and His wife gives to charity and try to 'R-gap' the second token of give, the result, He gives blood and his wife __ to charity, is obviously zeugmatic (i.e., either unnatural, or interpretable only as a joke, with the structure [He [gives [blood and his wife](= DO) to charity]]), which suggests that the two tokens of give that appear in those two clauses belong to different lexemes (= different homonymous verbs give1 and give 2), not that the first token of give is used with an 'implicit argument'. 

Hence, I am sorry to have to say that neither German wo+von, wor+auf, wo+mit, etc., nor English where+to, where+abouts, etc. (nor their Dutch counterparts) are, in fact, examples of what the OP is interested in. To start with, because all of them would be post-positional, not prepositional expressions, but above all, because in none of such cases is the preposition itself 'questioned' by the wh+Q- operator. Spanish por qué, French pourquoi, Italian per che, etc. would at least be 'prepositional', but again, even in those cases, what the wh+Q- operator 'operates' on and 'questions' is not the preposition, but its '(pro)nominal' complement, whereas in the OP's hypothetical wh+on example the preposition has no complement and the wh+Q-operator would have to operate on the preposition itself (= a two-place 'predicate'), which, as far as I can tell, is impossible on conceptual grounds. 

Finally, the non-derivability of sentence (6) could be explained simply as a violation of Economy, as there seems no reason for the subject to raise into an intermediate specifier instead of directly into Spec TP, but since even the ‘long’ subject-raising into Spec TP looks like a possible violation of Economy to the extent that sentence (1), with the subject in situ, is grammatical, it is unclear to me whether that explanation stands. 

The long answer would be very long, but the short one is short enough: Your question 'begs the question'; it is simply not true that 'dependency gets the job done more easily and economically'. What's more, it does not get the job done at all (if by the job we mean the job the best constituency-based grammars already do, and with great precision, as a matter of course). 

However, if we had not specified that (under that analysis!) the mother node must be the pivot of such syntactic relations, our initial flat tree would also represent irrelevant syntagmatic ‘connections’, mediated by the mother node S, between J and M, J and f, or M and f to which no known relevant syntactic function can be assigned. 

Finally, the 'minimalist program' is by no means a reaction against 'neoconstructionism'. If anything, the MP can be described, for current purposes, as a reaction against previous 'projectionist' Chomskian work along GB and P&P lines. Of course, under minimalist assumptions, syntactic derivations still start from a selection of lexical items (a 'numeration', in the earliest minimalist work, a 'lexical array' in later versions, or from parallel access to the Lexicon in some alternative versions), but Minimalist Syntax, especially in its mature formulations, is no longer 'projectionist' (at least not in its programmatic statements) because the only syntactic operation it allows is (internal/external) 'Merge', and, in theory, 'Merge' is just a recursive set-forming operation subject to 'No Tampering', a principle that claims that the internal features of lexical items cannot be modified by Merge in any way. Thus, in theory at least, minimalist syntactic construction is no longer a matter of 'projecting' and 'satisfying' the features of lexical items, be they 'descriptive' or 'functional'. 

However, what you seem to be more puzzled about is a slightly different issue: whether it is only 'participant arguments' (syntactically: subjects and complements) that discharge thematic roles or 'circumstants' - syntactically, 'adjuncts' (of time, place, manner, purpose, etc.) also do, as would seem logical on purely semantic grounds. Thus, with respect to your examples (James got a ball yesterday, The cat chased the dog for a long time) you ask whether yesterday and for a long time are instances of a TIME role or just 'adjuncts'. 

Sentence (3) could minimally be derived (again, leaving V-Raisings aside) by Subject-Postponement (= adjunction to VP) presumably triggered by the need to leave the subject in ‘End-Focus’ position (= one obligatory displacement, or two, if the subject must first raise to Spec TP, although that would be problematic, as just explained for (2)).