I think your best view of the attitude he had to deal with from white liberals comes from his Letter from a Birmingham Jail, which was written to address their criticisms.2 From it, we can discern the following criticisms from "Moderates" who claimed to be supportive: 

In this case, right from the beginning, even in some of the network coverage of the leaks before the official announcement, all the talk was about how Quayle was young and telegenic, and "resembled JFK", and how this would appeal to female voters. So that is most likely what they were thinking. (One wonders how many, if any, of the people making this supposition in the RNC's smoke-filled rooms in '88 were actual females). 

The only reference I could find to Geneva was that he was there in 1920 when the League of Nations was inaugurated, and became an Undersecretary General for 6 years. It wouldn't be at all surprising if he found some time in the intervening 6 years to speak at the University, nor would it be at all odd for them to give him an honorary degree as part of the deal. 

Europe and East Asia didn't industrialize at the same time. In all of East Asia, probably the first country to Industrialize was Japan, and that didn't happen until the right around the beginning of the 20th century, nearly a century after the process started in Western Europe. 

Once built, the canal was half owned by the French and half owned by Egypt. However, Egypt's finances were your typical third world despotic mess, so in 1875 the ruler of Egypt was forced to put his one money-making asset up for sale: Egypt's half stake in the Suez Canal. Since it had become a vital link between England and its Indian colonies, England snapped it up. 

Actually, a good modern analogy might be to look at how white mainstream America views the Black Lives Matter movement currently1: open hostility from social conservatives, and a lot of patronizing disagreement on methods from Liberals and Moderates. 

As for this being a public school history education, that's kind of a sore subject. In the USA, K-12 textbooks have to get approved by state boards. Often these bodies are filled with idealogues who only signed up for this otherwise dull task because they have specific things they want taught (regardless of what the facts may be). Thus grade K-12 History textbooks tend to have flat out wrong things forced into them. Uncomfortable subjects (like the intense class warfare of the 19th Century) get ignored altogether. The best I can say about the result is that teachers typically make it so dull that at least kids don't learn most of the wrong stuff being taught. 

Fighting that particular law was an ongoing thing. In fact, fighting every Jim Crow law was an ongoing thing, going clear back to the establishment of the laws in question. 

But getting Egypt back in the League required a majority vote, so it was a bit trickier. Assad's Syria was still unreconciled to Camp David, and fought hard against anything that might be seen as acceptance of it. Iraq and Jordan on the other side pushed very hard, finally setting up a rival organization, and pledging to boycott AL meetings while Egypt was not invited. Syria gave in, and Egypt was allowed back 3 months later. 

The two technologies never directly competed (as the question implies). The last Kinemacolor film was made in 1914, while the first Technicolor film wasn't made until 1917, and it doesn't appear to have entered serious usage until the 1920's. 

Diapers back then were not made of synthetic materials, and thus were not really a "consumer good". The first consumer disposable diaper did not come along until 1948 (right after the war). 

But Bush was at this time 64 years old, and had just come off of an 8-year stint as VP, which is guaranteed to make just about anybody look dull (Biden somehow magically excepted). The Doonesbury caricature of him was nothing but a disembodied voice. Also, the avidly anti-abortion and bellicose Reagan administration had opened up a large gender-gap between the parties. So you can see where it may have been thought the ticket needed some pizazz, and a way to appeal to women.