All of this to say that backloading a contract is not always a negative, if you have a limited payroll and a limited window to compete then you might want to use a backloaded deal in order to be even more competitive than a balanced deal would allow you to be. However this comes with some serious risk if you either do not manage to win a world series or if you manage to stay competitive longer than you planned. This is a challenging business situation and I do not see this as quite a cut and dried situation as the media sometimes makes it out to be. However, it can go incredibly badly if it is done poorly or too often (see 2010-13 Chicago Cubs). So that's why we have starters and relievers. Now, why do relievers have specific jobs in the bullpen? Ultimately, a reliever is such because he has a limited pitch selection (one of the greatest relievers of all time, Mariano Rivera basically got buy on 1 pitch). A starter has 3 or 4 and can mix things up to get through the order a few times with minimal damage. A reliever is usually good for an inning or a batter and that's the limit to his efficacy. If there were enough starters to go around, you might not see specialization like this, but there are a limited number of guys who can pitch even 6 big league innings, so we have relievers. I've confirmed this to be the case, there are several players from other leagues (Union Association and American Association) that have fewer hits, but it seems their teams played many many fewer games than were scheduled (my baseball history is not strong enough to know why without more research). For college pitchers, often the first thing they must do is finish their current collegiate seasons. My analysis determines that it's fairly common for a team to have a leader with fewer than one hit per game. It's happened over 250 times since the 162 game schedule was adopted in 1962 (with 4 strike shortened seasons thrown out). Which is an average of about five teams per year. So if you miss a bag on your home run trot, you not only have to hit that bag, but you need to go back to each one and re round the bases. IIRC it is still a dead ball so there is no harm in doing so. However, generally if you miss a bag you're going to end up out because you won't know it until the appeal is made. Veterans playing minor league games is a standard part of the disabled list procedure. So why not change it up and let one guy pitch the last three innings of a start? This is actually something you see in the minors, and is also something you'll sometimes see in the majors in September when rosters expand and teams are trying to get their young guys extra innings to see what they have before they have to make roster decisions in the off season. This is illustrated in a data dump from baseball heat maps. Looking at 2013 specifically, we can see only a few players who were only on the DL for 15 days. Here are a couple of examples to illustrate the concept: At the most basic, the baseball and football seasons don't overlap very much. Football's preseason and early season does overlap somewhat with baseball's late and post season, and players will have to make a choice between which sport they play during that time (as it would be difficult to be in two places at once to be able to practice with your football team and keep a nightly baseball schedule). However, if you don't practice with the football team (and the team is OK with that), you can in theory play baseball during the week and play football on Sunday, only missing the Sunday (and maybe Saturday or Monday) baseball games. There have been two men in recent history who have managed to play both professional baseball and professional football at the same time. Deon Sanders and Bo Jackson. Winter League ball - This is a place where guys can get extra work. It's most often played in Latin America and the Caribbean Isles where it's warm enough in the off season to still play. Guys will head down if they need extra work, just love playing and can't get enough, or for any other reason. These are the professional leagues in these countries so they are filled with guys who either were discovered too late to come to the US and play in the big leagues, or who weren't quite good enough to get signed. MLB players who come here will often only play in a handful of games, just whatever they need to get the extra work they require