Every time your child indicates a want or need, the caregiver speaks a sentence back. "You say you need the bathroom. I will take you." "You chose the blocks. Here they are." If there are picture symbols around the room, your child should be encouraged to use them. (These also work for pre-reading so the daycare likely uses them already.) Using pic symbols takes the pressure off speech, but they do not convey shades of meaning -- she can select 'doll' but not that specific doll. When she points to the symbol, it is treated as if she spoke a sentence. The teacher repeats the sentence and then answers. "You chose the doll. Yes, you may have the doll." This in time becomes an opportunity for your child to use her words to select a specific doll.) Apologise. Do not make excuses or give reasons that are really excuses. Admit the wrongdoing. Do exactly what you would do if you made that mistake with another adult -- make restitution if possible and promise to not make that mistake again. Ask if there is something (reasonable and logical) you can do to make it up to the child. The above also applies to a parent if did do something illegal or unethical and the child discovered it -- but you are unlikely to have your apologies accepted. If he is late for school, the school will punish him. If his marks are poor, he loses things like telephone or device privileges, to make time for study. -Are experimenting to see what will happen If your child is speaking the same language at both home and school: All people make mistakes and errors. All of us are sometimes guilty of knowingly breaking a rule -- speeding, incomplete stops, swearing at other drivers come easily to mind. If you tell your child that being law-abiding is important -- model it. If you don't, you are not being fair when you expect children to follow rules when you plainly do not. You have to be conscientious of consequences when you do things in front of your children. Apologise. Do not make excuses or reasons that are really excuses. Admit the wrongdoing. Take the same punishment that you would have meted out to your child. Take responsibility for the action and try to make restitution for the deed. (Bake more cookies, put money in the swearing jar, take on an extra turn for the chore...) An accident is an accident. The consequences for an accident are usually natural. As parents we start by modelling behaviour for our children. Show by your good example what you as a family do and how you act and react when a wilful or unwillful mistake is made. Discipline should never be so harsh that a child fears admitting the truth or coming to you for help with a problem. If you are serious about a boot camp, tell that to the therapist and your son. He can avoid it by simply keeping a lid on things. All teens act out. This does sound like it has possibly gone beyond 'normal', but it's hard to know. Choice and 'Choosing' Language Apologise. Clean up the mess. Make restitution to the best of your ability to do so. Not doing laundry might be shared 'guilt'. A reminder before it was too late, might have been in order. Each member of a family is responsible (within reason and age being factored) to make the household work. If you must bake cupcakes for school, it makes sense for the child to remind Mum or Dad a few days in advance. If the football shirt or pants must be washed, they need to be in the right place and perhaps a reminder on Wednesday that the pants are required on Friday. You can help increase your child's attention span. I would try setting a task -- it doesn't have to be hard or nasty -- just one you select. Make it as short as possible. The child earns a token for doing the task. The next task is slightly longer. SLIGHTLY. Another token. The last task is again slightly longer. Token earned and and enough tokens, buys him/her a special thing. (I like 3 tasks/tokens because even young kids understand 3.) As the days go on the tasks get longer by small degrees until instead of 3 tokens for 3 minutes on tasks, they are earning 3 tokens for thirty minutes on tasks. I would end up with students working for an hour before their tokens bought them the toy/game/free time activity they wanted. I would suggest leaving her in a diaper until you solve this part of the problem, because her success is your success. If he examines the cat litter -- ignore it. If the litter isn't clean -- ask him to do it again and perhaps charge him the extra fee for unneeded cat litter replacement. As parents we have to decide what is important and what is not. It is very easy to become bossy. We do not want to take choices away from children, it causes all sorts of disciplinary problems down the road. If it doesn't matter which shirt they wear, let them choose. If it does matter enough to fight over, then you cannot back down once you've made that choice. As you child matures and has a few words and is able to point or grab for a wanted item, this is the time to allow them to make choices. This is perfectly normal, though unpleasant. If you truly feel there is something else going on, then I suggest a trip to the doctor. It never hurts to get an opinion and usually they can calm your fears very quickly. All parents worry!