Scholars use the same hadeeth to conclude that intentional blood leaving like donating blood or treatment by letting blood out will also invalidate the fast. Ibn Muflih al-Hanbali (may Allaah have mercy on him) said in al-Furoo’ (6/53): Al-Haafiz said in al-Fath (1/6): And we do not make ruling or conclusions based on a weak hadith let alone a fabricated one. They are not sources of Sharee'ah. Moreover, adultery is one of the worst and grievous sins. 

In both hadith you mentioned, the hadd punishment was carried out by the authorities not any random guy as it happens in honor killings. Moreover, Allah says in Surah Al-Furqan (emphasis mine): 

As for zina that entails hudud, 

Shaykh ‘Abd al-Rahmaan al-Sa’di said in his Tafseer (1/563): However, blood exiting from a fasting person unintentionally does not break the fast because he is excused for that. Examples being nosebleed or the blood from surgery or a tooth extraction. In Islam, Vigilantism is a totally haraam. Killing a Muslim unlawfully is a serious matter and a grave crime. Allaah says (interpretation of the meaning): 

And those who do not invoke with Allah another deity or kill the soul which Allah has forbidden [to be killed], except by right, and do not commit unlawful sexual intercourse. And whoever should do that will meet a penalty. [Al-Furqaan : 68] 

EDIT: Since question was updated, here is an addition : Source: Hadd punishment expiation of sins 

Shaykh Ibn ‘Uthaymeen (may Allaah have mercy on him) said in al-Sharh al-Mumti’ (6/157): 

Moreover, you should be careful if you are giving false witness because that will be a slander. And if it is really a slander, the hadd punishment will be upon the witness. What invalidates the fast is bloodletting or cupping. This is because of the following narration from the Prophet (salallahu alayhi wassalam) 

Al-Bukhaari (may Allaah have mercy on him) narrated in his Saheeh (3/143, no. 3679) with his isnaad that ‘Ubaadah ibn al-Saamit, one of those who was present at Badr with the Messenger of Allaah (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him), said that one of those who had been present at al-‘Aqabah told him:The Messenger of Allaah (peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him) said, with a group of his Sahaabah standing around him: 

Even, if it is proven that he/she deserves the hadd punishment, it is not permissible for individuals to carry out this punishment themselves. Rather the matter must be referred to the ruler or his deputy to prove the crime and carry out the punishment, because if individuals carry out hadd punishments, that will lead to a great deal of corruption and evil. And this is for a country that is ruled by Shariah. Besides, Ibn Abi Haatim may Allaah have mercy upon him quoted this Hadeeth in his book entitled “Al-‘Ilal” and he said: “I said to my father (Abu Haatim): this Hadeeth is Munkar (denounced), and he answered: “It is as you said.”