These were comprised of one main type- the Ko-hyoteki Class Submarine. It was subdivided into three types: A, C, and D. Five type A participated in the attack on Pearl Harbor, but only two made it into the harbor and none survived it. Three type A attacked Sydney Harbor in 1942, but one was sunk before it could do damage. The other two survived but sank before they could return to their transport submarines. They damaged only one ship however. Two type A's also took part in the Battle of Madagascar. One was lost at sea and the other seriously damaged one battle ship and sank an oil tanker. Type D's were mas produced-- even more than the type A's and type C's. 115 type D's were completed by the end of the war and almost five hundred more were under construction. The Ko-hyoteki also played a defensive role in the Aleutians and alsewhere in the Pacific. Due to this, the Neger was eventually retired and withdrawn from service. The Neger was a torpedo-carrying craft. Although not designed as a suicide weapon, the torpedo would often fail to release from the submarine when fired and would carry the craft with it to the target. 

Italy also had a few unsuccessful miniature sub designs. Germany had four types of midget subs of which only one was successful. The first was the Biber. The last major type of German midget sub was the Seehund. It was the most successful of the German Midget Submarines. Of the 1000 planned, 285 were completed and only 35 of those were lost, mostly due to bad weather. However, it was designed in 1944 and only used in the last months of the war. It's small size made it difficult for it to be picked up by ASDIC. It was also a very quiet craft, making detection by hydrophone impossible. It mainly operated around the German Coast and the English Channel, attacking merchant ships. It sank nine and damaged three. Short Answer So we see that our average endurance for a combat mission was 1:30-2:00. Cruise times ranged between 3 and 5 hours on average. 

These were by far faster than any other midget submarine sailing at the time. Few could go over 10 knots. 

Bibers took part in many missions, but few ever survived them. For example, in the first Biber operation, 14 took part. Only two even made it to the operational area. In 1944, the Bibers deployed against traffic going to Antwerp. In the first attack, 18 were sent out and one returned. They sank only one ship-- the Alan A. Dale. This was one of the the only ships ever sunk by a Biber. Further operations in the area lost over thirty more Bibers. Before 1940, "Costa Rica, El Salvador and the Dominican Republic offered diplomatic recognition of the Japanese puppet state of Manchukuo which was not recognized as a legitimate state by a majority of the world’s nations at the time." Note Dominican Republic is North American. 

Argentina was officially neutral, but leaned to the side of the Axis. After the war, many war criminals harbored there. The Molch, another German Midget submarine, was highly unsuccessful. Although 393 were built, it suffered heavy losses. Chile also was officially neutral, but later joined the Allies 

WWII World War II also saw some South and Central American participation. However, again, Brazil was the only nation of these to send troops to fight. To put a conclusion on this lengthy answer, I would say the Japanese had the best midget submarines. However, the Germans had the best program as the Japanese did not often utilize their fleet in important offenses. 

Yes, both World War I and World War II involved South and Central America. 

Here are some rough specs for common planes (as I said in the comment, the endurance depends on various factors). Italy had 16 midget submarines over the course of the war. There were two classes, the CA-class and the CB-class. Two CA-class subs were manufactured Between 1938 and 1939 and two more were manufactured in September 1943. They were originally designed for coast defence but later modified as attack craft. Italy planned for them to attack New York Harbor, but their transport submarine was sunk and the plan was scuttled. 

This is a rather long answer outlining the strengths and weaknesses of various nations' midget submarine fleets. If you just want the short answer, skip to the last paragraph. During World War II, the UK, Italy, Germany, and Japan had midget submarines. The US, the USSR, and China did not. So, yes, there was involvement from South and Central America, but it did not play an instrumental part in either of the World Wars. 

Mid-air engine failures were around 5-10% per plane (not per flight). I've calculated this from two numbers: number of aircraft built and non-combat related deaths. For example, 5734 Sopwith Camels were built during WWI and 385 Sopwith Camel pilots died from non-combat related causes while flying. This is about 7%. Most other aircraft had the same ratio. Although these deaths are not necessarily from engine failures, that was a leading cause.