So, in your first scenario, Alice will only see the comment by Charlie♦ (assuming he deleted within an hour of posting the comment and that the comment was for Alice). 

When an answer is deleted, only comment notifications to the OP left by the deleting moderator within that last hour will remain in the inbox. 

Edits to comments are preserved, so edit history does exist - however, this data is only available to moderators and staff. 

Additionally, deleted comments (and their history) are only visible to moderators and staff. 

Yes, we do check if the logged in user has the permissions to comment on the server side. Personally, I don't see an issue with such comments. Frankly, seeing "That's not what comments are for" brought to my mind the question - what are they for then? Since notifications are cleared after the answer was deleted, commenting on a deleted answer would indeed keep the notification, which is reasonable as only moderators can comment on deleted posts and users can see their own deleted posts. Additionally, if enough comments by the same user get flagged, I believe a comment ban come into play. This helps with teaching new users as well as the OP. 

Other users cannot see either deleted comments nor comment history. 

So, this is a scenario we do handle. Instead of just the OP seeing why an edit occurred, others benefit from explicitly seeing both that a post was edits and why it was edited (and implicitly how it was improved). 

Now, you seem to be concerned about the ability to script a commenting bot of some sort - this is not an issue because comments are rate limited. We only allow commenting every 5 seconds. When I look at the Safari's "Activity" window, I notice the following events: The votes, including mine, were two; where is now the other vote? 

The other (probably more important) reason is that, on Stack Exchange sites, the more important part are questions, and answers; comments are second class citizens (or third class citizens). The more important way to contribute is answering questions. That is also the reason why there are very few badges associated to comments, compared to the badges associated with posts. Commenting on any posts is a privilege that only users with a reputation of at least 50 (on Stack Overflow) have. If users with a social network account (and without a Stack Exchange account) could comment on answers, then the minimum reputation required to comment on any post would be 1. I don't think it is a good thing; we don't need to increase the number of comments, especially from users who are not minimally involved in any Stack Exchange site. I think the problem is more with spam, and new questions asked in comments. As the only users who are notified of new comments that don't contain @-references are the authors of the posts for which the comments are written, new questions (and spam) written as comments would probably pass unobserved. This is not what happens with answers, as new answers bump the question in the front page, where more eyes can notice if the answer is not really an answer. On SE sites there isn't a button to reply to another comment; there is a button to add a comment, but the comment could be a comment to the post. 

There are two different limits: There is a daily limit for votes on posts, and there is a daily limit for votes on comments. The error message could be misunderstood, and interpreted as saying that you cannot vote anymore on comments and posts. Probably the message should report which daily limit has been reached. In that way, users would not take the assumption it means they cannot vote anymore for that day. The problem is when you have also reached the daily limit for post votes, and you think there is a daily limit for votes that includes both the votes on posts, and on comments. (It actually happened to me, and I thought I could vote for comments as long as I still had votes for posts to cast.) One of the reasons for those restrictions is that, differently, comments could be used from spammers. This is because: On my iPod running iOS 5, I have been able to select the text from a comment, but it depends for which question I try. For example, if I try selecting one of the comments of this very question, when I tap the comment, the background changes color for the time of the tapping, it changes back, but nothing happens. Trying with a different question with more comments, I have been able to select the content of a comment, event if it is not predictable when it happens, and how. 

i got a msg that said This post does not meet our quality standards. y is that? how can i fix it? i will just keep typing more until it goes away. i will just keep typing more until it goes away. i will just keep typing more until it goes away. i will just keep typing more until it goes away. i will just keep typing more until it goes away. i will just keep typing more until it goes away. 

Obviously, since this site is collaboratively edited, and our goal is to be the best possible resource, you're encouraged to edit inferior contributions and make them better. But that doesn't mean we should institute bans for everything out there on the web that might be wrong. Heck, we might well as just ban links altogether. 

The problem is that the syntax you would expect i am very exited! plz tell me where 2 start so i can learn how 2 program. might not be trolling? I don't buy it… The only things that we should be banning are things that actively harm the way the site works—i.e. its process. We ban questions that contain only jsFiddle links without any code because we know that those questions are not going to be useful to anyone else in the future. They interfere with what we're trying to do here. In my mind, that's very different from policing the content of people's contributions.