But the actual details of your logic system will make a massive difference to whether this kind of proof will work. Firstly, it's worth drawing out the distinction between what is conceivable and what is possible. It's an open question whether it can be useful to view one as a guide to the other, so make it clear that the ability of the human mind to dream up weird and fantastic scenarios doesn't mean that what they describe is something that is in the realm of possibility. Possible worlds might well include some pretty crazy things, but in order to make the notion of what is possible clear, you need to split it apart from what people can imagine. Some useful observations about each move: Often, all that truth amounts to is a reiteration of the proposition, and we might say that because our language and our systematic metaphysics should be as close as possible, the truth predicate is in a sense "transparent". This idea is expressed in a number of different ideas under the philosophical umbrella of Deflationism, which has an SEP article worth reading if you want to look in greater depth at the idea. 

By contrast, Immanuel Kant, while agreeing with Hume that humans seem to experience the world only through appearance, suggested that there would still need to be a sensible notion of "being a thing in itself" as a means of assessing where the information that appears before us in sensation comes from. Kant argues that there are some principles that simply need to be true in order for the facts of experience to be possible, and so while Hume may basically be right about method (though he ignores various acceptable mathematical methodologies to which he would be perfectly well entitled), there must nonetheless be generalized facts about the abstract behaviour of objects independently of us that our self-conscious awareness must latch on to. 

What this points to is a curious feature about the "interpretations" theory of validity, which demonstrates that a number of things that look like they would be deductively contradictory turn out to not necessarily be so. On the face of it, you would think that "fish can swim" and "fish cannot swim" would look like they're in logical contrast with each other. But actually, in constructing a model in which there are lots of other animals but unfortunately no fish, we demonstrate logically coherent possibilities in which both of the premises of the second argument can be deemed admissable, while the conclusion would turn out simply false. Let's also suppose that Nixon knows Jones personally, and, generally thinking that Jones will be supportive of him, asserts that: In addition to SEP links by Lukas and Mauro above, I'll also add the (recently revised) SEP article for Axiomatic Theories of Truth by Volker Halbach and Graham Leigh, discussing one of the big avenues for contemporary developments. This might be cute as a linguistic or behavioural theory, but it's not really logic with respect to the classification of the structures of facts. There aren't really any true contradictions. (I'm being deliberately harsh here for the sake of answering your question; there's merit to the thought that logic should be considered the theory of warranted psychological inference rather than ontological structure, that the semantics of logic should be captured in human and/or social language use, and that Priest's logic has a much better grasp than his classical counterparts) We have a choice to make between accepting that non-actual states of affairs can be the subjects of utterance and fleshing out some mechanism by which we speak of the facts of the matter even in error. Max Black, in his “Companion to Wittgenstein's Tractatus”, denotes these two interpretations as Possibility and Fact Theories, respectively, and different philosophers have developed both interpretations of the Tractatus as in keeping with the themes and approaches of the original text (in as much as any interpretation can be in keeping with the TLP). 

If we can take it as read that the Truth functions exist as mathematical functions over a Boolean-valued domain, such that there are only two possible truth values that any given proposition might take, then this is a fairly cheap Fact-Theory way to get the additional abstraction over our base level of elementary propositions that we need to speak "falsely about" the facts of the matter. Elementary propositions describe states of affairs, these states of affairs combine together into "facts" in a way strictly mediated by how complex propositions are structured in boolean functional terms, and the "negative fact" is just a consequence of the negation operation in boolean logic, rather than any kind of complicated alternative possibility. In the example above, Britain is at least as cold as Australia, and so the falsity of Britain being warmer can be accounted for from the state of affairs describing the relevant climates of the two and the boolean function taking truth to falsity and vice versa.