Using the bottle is okay, but stay away from using gasoline, kerosene, paint thinner or other harsh liquids. These will penetrate deeply into the links and will displace the lube you try to reapply, as well as creating a significant fire hazard. Some people like to use diesel fuel which is okay. In my opinion, I'd stick to a quality degreaser product. They are links that can be seperated without the use of a specialized chain tool to push a pin through the rollers. There are others besides those shown, one of the more common being an SRAM Power Link which looks like this: You picture shows a long cage derailleur, and a 'mega-range' cassette. In your specific case you could start with swapping out that cassette with the huge jump to the granny gear with a more rationally stepped one and just shortening the chain First, your suggestions of increasing the tension (by replacing/tightening the derailleur) or removing a link or two from the chain may work, but you need to be careful that you don't shorten the chain too much. After using several different plastic mechanical chain cleaners my favorite method is also one of the cheapest. I use a small can, like a soup or a tomato sauce can, put a little degreaser in it and clean the chain with an old toothbrush. Assuming that these parts are actually ok, then the problem becomes one of poor mechanics. Two things spring to mind: Ultimately its going to be down to how zealous you want to be. When you think of cleaning a chain, you need to think of two things. First, there is the cleaning - getting off the dirt and lube that has caked itself onto the chain. Then, there is lubing the chain to make it run nicely, (As part of a lube you'd maybe give the chain a rub with a dry cloth to try and get surface crap off, but wouldn't be soaking it in degreaser). I think it is a judgement call, but I don't think you can separate lubing from cleaning. You might also want to check your spokes for any damage from the chain.....better to replace them now, while you've taken things apart, than have them break later. I will basically lube the chain every time after I've cleaned it. Mostly, cleaning will be simply wiping with a paper towel, occasionally it will be the other extreme - I take the chain and the cassette off the bike completely and bathe the lot in degreaser. But after each clean I apply lube. In my situation (and I'm a road rider) I will generally clean/lube every week or 10 days, or every 2-3 rides. I count this as standard maintenance, just like pumping the tyres. A "deep" clean, where I take everything off, will be maybe every 3 months or so. I use one of two lubes, depending on season/weather - a light, dry-weather lube (which would certainly be washed off in the rain) or a more sticky wet-weather lube. Lastly, you should probably spend some time thinking about how this happened. Could be you just got a jump because the chain was loose, but it is probably worth checking your chainline to satisfy yourself that everything is ok.