When cornering with under inflated tires, they give a characteristic sickening lurch to the side, usually accompanied by a scrubbing noise, and then they let go. This kind of crash can rob your confidence. Just take it easy, be extremely careful on that corner (or avoid it), and get well soon. There are other positions you can use for variety. Since this is a question of personal safety, no-one can make your decision for you. So in the rest of this answer I will try to set out the issues. It's fair to say that the issue of cycling helmets has been contentious in the past, so I'll give a recap of that. I say in the past because most Western countries have laws requiring cyclists to wear helmets. The contention now comes from small numbers of die-hards (pun intended). Next make a plot of the times. Such a plot can show surprising things, but it will give you some knowledge about yourself. It may answer your question about gearing. If, for example, your times keep getting better as you go to lower gears, then you could benefit from having gears that are even lower. Finally, try taking one hand off the bars and shake it from time to time, then do it with the other hand. I currently ride on Rubino Pro Slick tires, and have used various Vittoria tires for decades. Palms further forward, resting on the "horn". Fingers forward, just dangling, palm horizontal. You can not easily operate brakes from this position. Good for variety, and gives more stretch. Sorry if it sounds disappointingly simple :-) warmup and cooldown. Getting symptoms at the start sounds like lack of warmup. If your times keep getting better in lower gears, then spend the money on getting a cluster with bigger gears at the low end. Make sure your derailleur can handle the extra range before you do this. If it can't handle the range then you'll have to decide whether the extra cost is worth it to you. Get the kid a balance bike to ride when they're not in the bike seat. Soon after they graduate to the trailer-bike they're ready to move on to their own bike, sans trainer wheels. Preparing for a weekly event the next evening starts 36 hours before, assuming you've done the training you need. Avoid a pure road bike. Touring or hybrid is ok, and can be used for commuting. I'm answering because I hope to give you, and others who end up here, an example of how this information can be found To follow this advice you need to measure your cadence. You'll need a bike computer with a cadence sensor. Then climb the same hill multiple times in different gears, keeping track of your cadence and the time taken. Do the experiment at least twice to reduce the effect of random variations and the effect on your performance of training. An app such as Strava can do some of the record keeping for you. While bike fit may be an issue, it's only one approach. Other things to be considered are There are several different ways of riding on the hoods. Try them out if you haven't already: The way I solve the problem of finding out what a road is like, is to When installed firmly they would last for years. Be careful to adjust the harness so that when the kids goes to sleep and slumps, they are still safely supported. I found a short piece of elastic tied from the back of their helmet to the seat back stopped their head from dropping too much. As @Daniel has commented, and I agreed, you probably have a bike fit problem. We cannot be sure; the only way to find out for sure is to get a professional fitting done. Having said that there are still a few things you can try. Again, sitting up more, with hands on the corners. You can have your fingers pointing forward and to the inside, or have your thumbs on the bars with fingers underneath. These have very different wrist positions. Safe to use primarily means not impairing the cyclists vision or hearing. From your image it is not clear how the motor-bike helmet performs here. But it will certainly be heavier than a bike helmet, making it harder to turn your head frequently. I found that we never did actually put the seat on my wife's bike. If the family is going for a ride together it turned out to be better to have it on the stronger rider's bike, and she could both keep up, and was able to ride beside the child and interact or check on him / her.