From the abstract of Schellekens paper Life at the interface of Particle Physics & String Theory, an Invited contribution to Reviews of Modern Physics It depends on which kind of mathematical infinity; generally the two infinities to take into account here are the first two: the cardinality of all the natural numbers, and of all the real numbers. 

Though of course we have a very good theory of the full spectrum, such that we have infra-red cameras; all this in essence is doing is translating the infra-red phenomena laterally into the visible part of the spectrum. It doesn't tackle the fundamental question of other possible colour qualia. Or is there an argument that rules it out? 

Of course one may take a closer look at radium nuclei to determine a possible reason why they decay; for example a hidden-variables model of QM may provide an explanation. 

So, at bottom; and when considered rightly, they are at the same level; in that they treat fundamental questions in fundamentally incompatible ways; however in the history of ideas, they are intricately interwoven (as pointed out by Hegel in his History) - and thus a dialectic; compare with Hegels notion of the dialectic of Being (theism) & Non-Being (atheism) being sublated into the Becoming of Science & Theology. This is probably a little more negative than it should be, as it sounds as though if the Anthropic Principle would be of no interest & vacuous if a possible mechanism hadn't been identified. after it is undeniable that the Anthopic argument was made well before the advent of String Theory. That the landscape in string theory offers a mechanism makes the argument concrete & scientific, but by the same token one should then assert that the argument was of philosophical interest before this possibility announced itself. 

According to Popper scientific theories are never true but are always falsifiable. But as the theory develops these falsifying events (ie experiments) become more and more infrequent. What happens between these events? It seems to me that physics at a fundamental level must become a world unto its own (at a practical/applied level it must obviously remain involved with the world) in the same way as say mathematics is, and of course there aesthetic considerations play a large part even if they're not nominally thought of in that way. This is actually a very interesting epistemological question. 

As the Sabba Sutta explains, claiming knowledge of something outside of "the all" would be self-defeating: "if questioned on what exactly might be the grounds for his statement, [her] would be unable to explain, and furthermore, would be put to grief. Why? Because it lies beyond range." 

Some of these are spelled out explicitly, as axioms. And, the criteria to judge whether or not a configuration of the universe has consciousness in it is: yes. Since we're talking about it, it does. If it didn't, we wouldn't be capable of raising the question. 

So, "the all" is defined as the six senses plus the domains of each of the senses. 

In Nyāya (classical Indian) epistemology, there are recognized four types of epistemological warrants (Pramāṇa-s): Perception Inference Analogy Authority Now, with this in mind, let us take a case where you have a number of scientific studies with conflicting results, and you wish to form an opinion as to which is most reliable. Which of the aforementioned warrants could be used to lend credence to one or another study? There are some caveats: When I spoke to the researchers working on this in 2009, it was still a work in progress - no actual cures or solutions had been discovered using this method yet. 

Kuhn also adresses this in his book. Per Kuhn, science has multiple phases (see section 3 of this answer for details), and one of the main phases is the puzzle solving phase, when researchers just spending their time confirming already existing theories by solving minor puzzles, instead of truly questioning them and coming up with new ones. But I realize there might be flaws in this reasoning. 

A dualist would very likely answer that it isn't possible that a machine can acquire personhood. This would be because the self-awarness/reflection part stems from the non-physical aspects of the mental which we cannot instill in an artificial machine no matter how well engineered it is. Depends on who you ask. The way you put it, "Are our thoughts merely a product of chemical reactions?" - i.e. by adopting a physicalist stance, there are two possible possible replies: