Indus-script adherents sometimes claim (usually quickly, and without much discussion) that the longest Indus 'inscription' is 26 signs long. The claim refers to two isolated examples of a mass-produced molded object (M-494 and M-495) on which, if you add up all the symbols on three separate faces of the five long surfaces (there are seven surfaces if you include the sides), does give you 26 symbols. The symbol sequences carried on the three sides are the sort you would expect to find on separate chains of Indus symbols on other objects of this type - which is presumably one reason this claim is made so quickly. The above quote is from Steve Farmer's website. He, along with Richard Sproat and Michael Witzel suggested the possibility that the script is a non-linguistic system (akin to the Vinča symbols), but the prevalent opinion seems to be that the script's patterns indicate the existence of grammar. De re publica is an excellent read, I strongly urge you to read the full text. Just for completeness sake, here's another quote that I think is a beautiful answer to your question: So which one come first depends on which government system show up first. After a while, the link between form of government and number of God tend to get weaken. Persia as a large empire have that same point of view with zoroaster. There are other gods/spirits. They all work for Shang Ti. He's a boss of boss sort of. Emperor above. God most high. Shang Ti (supposedly) pick only one emperor and that one emperor is emperor of everything under heaven. That's what chinese used to believe. How can chinese believed that? Because chinese emperor said so. How can chinese emperor make that claim? That's because he's an emperor of a very big country. In Judaism, God alone is not only politically powerful, but by himself almighty. That is the claim of most absolute monarchy. That the emperor is chosen by the almighty and need only to answer to him. That emperor will still be emperor no mater how many rebels are fighting him as long as the supreme God still favor him. Also, it's difficult to discuss "cavalry" in general - light vs. heavy was two different beasts tactically. I will try to give some general advantages below, with the understanding that a LOT of those can and have been negated by the infantry with proper responses in tactics/weapons, or heck, a whole lot more infantry. Carrying capacity of the mount in combat Allows to carry heavier/stronger armor. See anything from Persian heavy cavalry of the late Roman empire time to mounted knights in medieval times. Higher position of the fighter Allows to carry MORE weapons. Both different ones (lance, sword, bow/arrows, whatnot, later on firearms); and replacement throwing ones (e.g. 10 javelins), more arrows. Horses can be used as food if worse comes to worst. Mongols again (drinking horse milk, drinking horse blood, or worse to worst, eating a horse) Get quickly within range of ranged weapon then get out before they can shoot back. See battle of Carrhae or Mongols. Use the horse to physically break the lines of the opponent due to momentum.