Observations can rule out entire classes of scientific ideas. If you get enough observations rule out a bunch of other ideas, such that for everything that is left as a possibility is still in the class of TENS; then you've "proven it"; again, I've seen this more in physics (more mathematically rigorous) where experiments rule out enough different possibilities that what is left is some variation on one kind of idea. One can also put this into a more Popperian (sic?) framework, e.g. setup a scientific hypothesis like "Homeopathic treatment X is statistically more effective at treating condition Y than conventional treatment Z", and then go forth and do the clinical trials to falsify this hypothesis. If the trial comes back with a result that there is no statistically significant improvement from using X, then that hypothesis is false. If there were a statistically significant positive effect, then this hypothesis would not have been falsified. The key thing is in constructing the hypothesis to be specific enough to be falsifiable. There's a reductio ad abusurdum to indicate that we can't consider all potential intelligent life as equally valuable: there are an incomprehendably large number of "potential people" if you consider all possible egg+sperm combinations between all differently sexed pairs of people (even more if you go out a generation or two). Nobody worries about the lost value in that these potential intelligences never came to fruition (or at least the "value" of any one of these needs to be incomprehensibly small). We need to draw some sort of line, or have some sort of weighting to balance the "value" of these potentials; and that threshold/weighting defines where in the progress from a gleam in your fathers eye to being a fully matured person that we're going to allocate value. 

This might seem like a stretch in biology, but it happens regularly in high energy physics (and probably other places in science that have a similar degree of mathematical formalization). For a simple case, if you take conservation of energy, momentum and angular momentum as axioms, and observe neutron decay (and a bunch of axioms that allow for the interpretation of these observations), then the neutrino must exist. Science has values. Not just that the people of the scientific community have values, but rather the enterprise of doing science imposes/requires a minimal set of values, i.e. things that are deemed "of value". These include things like: complete, transparent, and accurate reporting of findings; reproducibility of the processes used to derive the results; dispassionate reporting et al. When you interpret scientific results you can (or at least should be able to) assume that these results are being reported in accordance with these values. These are the values of science, as an ideal, and in my estimation/view the values that shape the actual practice of science as we know it. You can go down a rabbit hole of the hows/whys/wheres of deviations from these ideals do occur within science and/or when enough of them are violated we are no longer dealing with "True" (Scotsman) science etc. But for the purposes of this discussion, it makes sense to accept that science (or with more detail: sepcific communities with science) has some intrinsic/essential values. 

As an introduction to these further issues may serve Audi, Robert (Ed.): The Cambridge Dictionary of Philosophy. 1995. See the keywords causation and explanation. Popper does not give up truth. 

Added. One can freely download Kant's work as http://www.earlymoderntexts.com/assets/pdfs/kant1786.pdf First I would like to state explicitly several cosmological models which relate to your question: Certainty is the personal feeling to have true knowledge. It is a subjectice term and does not guarantee truth. Today his claim is rejected by the scientific community. Today's science is much more cautious. As you write, science always starts by observation and experiment. All general knowledge is considered hypothetical. It can be confirmed by observation but not proved. It can can always be refuted by new experiments. Then the underlying theory has to be improved or replaced by a new theory. Added. To avoid any misunderstanding due to language: By "science" I mean "natural science" in my answer. The crucial point is how to confirm the conjecture. 

Hence cause links two facts, i.e. two components of reality. While explanation links a set of propositions with a fact. Reality and the world of theories are two different ontological realms. 

Third mechanical law. In all communication of motion, action and reaction are always equal to one another. (A121) 

Obviously in mathematics the only method is to prove the conjecture - or to disprove it by generating a counter example. But in science one cannot prove general results. A finite number of confirmed cases does not increase the probability that the general result is true. That's the problem of induction. 

Well known interpretations of QM have been developed by working physicists like Bohr, Heisenberg, Everett or Rovelli. I do not know about a non-physicist who developed a new and important interpretation of QM - even Hans Reichenbach is no counter example. All of them considered their interpretation part of their work in physics. For each of these propositions Kant gives a "proof". 

Critical rationalism is the view propagated by Popper. See the comment of Dave concerning contemporary followers of antique Greek gods. Of course, mathematics is still considered a separate science, but its definition differs from the characteristics above. Secondly, today the original domain of physics comprises all natural sciences. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gravitational_lens#/media/File:A_Horseshoe_Einstein_Ring_from_Hubble.JPG 

Prompted by the question whether the parallel postulate can be deduced from the other axioms, mathematicians in the 19th century (Gauss, Bolyai, Lobachevski) detected non-Euclidean geometries. This shows that the parallel postulate is independent from the other axioms. 

Ad 3 and 4. I do not know a representative of this type of model. If you use induction to create conjectures, e.g. the Riemann Hypothesis, that's quite OK. Every method is allowed to create conjectures. Using induction to create conjectures is the method of generalisation. 

Kant, Immanuel: Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science (German: Metaphysische Anfangsgründe der Naturwissenschaft) (1786) An electron orbiting the nucleus changes permanently the direction of its velocity, which means a permanent acceleration. According to Maxwell's theory of electrodynamics an accelerated electron creates an electromagnetic radiation which carries away energy from the electron. Hence the electron looses permanently energy. As a consequence it approaches an orbit nearer to the nucelus and finally rushes into the nucleus. 

Du Bois-Reymond stays completely in the domain of science, mysticism or spirituality was not his topic. For him, two scientific questions remain unanswerable: 1. What are matter and force? 2. How to derive consciousness from its material substrate? 

According to Popper our scientific theorems are hypotheses. One should create hypotheses which are testable. A test can confirm or refute a hypothesis. In the latter case, the hypothesis is false and we need a better hypothesis. But even a confirmed hypothesis is not proved. We do not know whether it is true. Hence Popper replaces proof by falsifcation.