Then, once you have said range, it's no longer about how long since you've last played a hand. You know which hands you're playing and you're playing them every time you get them. At least, that is, until you gain reads on the opponents at the table. At that point, you should adjust your readless strategy accordingly to maximally exploit their playing styles. And so on. The point here is that one of the most significant things you can do for yourself as a poker player will be to stop focusing on short-term results. Poker is a game where the profit shows up in the long run. This is an iterative process. As you gain more information, solid or intuitive, on the population you can tweak your readless starting hand ranges accordingly. Your best bet is to sit down with a tool like Pokerstove or Equilab and craft some starting hand ranges that you think are reasonable. Note that isn't that much. And that's what winning players are making. If you're a slightly profitable, or breakeven player, then over the long run you'll make much less per hour. So when you're sitting at a $0.01/$0.02 table, you shouldn't be worrying about what you're currently up or down. That piece of information is completely irrelevant. It doesn't help you play better poker. For most people, it will usually tend to put them on tilt. For instance: Absolutely. Obviously the games are dryer and tougher than 2005-2008 but that was the golden era of poker due to the Moneymaker boom. United States v. Scheinberg, more commonly known as Black Friday, was a huge blow to online poker but it's still thriving due to the rest of the world still being able to play online poker. :) You shouldn't be choosing a starting hand because it's been X amount of time since the last time you played a hand. The primary goal in poker is to win chips. You achieve this goal by: So when you sit down for a cash session, know before you start how long you want to play for. Set concrete time limits. For instance, I strictly play 60 minute sessions of heads-up hyper-turbos on PokerStars. No more, no less. Then I take a break, evaluate my hands, and do another session if I'm feeling up to it. Honestly, all micro-stakes games aren't going to give you a good hourly rate, even if you're in the top 1% of players. Micro-stakes games are for building a bankroll while you're learning how to play. Certain Vegas casinos are also offering limit Hold'em machines where you can play against AI. These are built using neural networks as well. I can't find the article but a poker player/programmer spent years developing a limit Hold'em neural network that he fed millions of hands into, effectively teaching it the population tendencies. He then won contracts with some of the Vegas casinos for LHE machines. And of course it's considered cheating. Once a computer program is taking actions for you, most poker sites consider it cheating. They'll allow software that helps you make better decisions, but anything that acts for you generally isn't allowed. PokerStars is doing great, tons of promotions, a good amount of fish, lots of games to choose from, and so on. Full Tilt Poker is back up and running and US players are getting their rolls back. There are tons of people making serious money playing online poker. I myself approach it as a part-time job and know quite a few heads-up players like myself that grind out some significant coin. Cash players measure their results in something called big bets per 100 hands or BB/100. A big bet is simply two times the big blind. So in $0.01/$0.02 micro-stakes cash, a big bet is $0.04. So when a player says they are an 8BB/100 winner at $0.01/$0.02, you know that, on average, for every 100 hands (normally about an hour worth of play) they put in at a $0.01/$0.02 table, they will make $0.32. This is a good question with no "one correct answer". Try follow this rule - the smaller the site the better the rake program. I would like to talk more about the adjustment I made when playing Rush poker(fulltilt)/ Zoom (poker stars). To clarify things a little bit, allow me to describe the rake issue (as I know it). Basically, there are two types of rakes: for tournaments and for cash games. In tournaments the rake is usually 10% of the buy-in (i.e. 10$+1$ tournaments means 10$ goes to the prize pool and 1$ is the site commission). I stopped protect my blinds - found it unprofitable. Automatic fold with bad hands. Bluff more often in middle positions, But never with bad hands. KEEP WRITING NOTES ON PLAYERS - this might seems odd, but because of the enormous number of hands, you meet the same players pretty much. along with point 4 - I use a very short way to write my remarks, for example: a) f - fold. f2 - two folds. etc.... b) reX, rmX, rlX - raise early/middle/late position where X means number of times. c) rrX - re-raise. X again is the number of times. d) pb - protect blinds. and some more.... I am still learning the game and try all kind of staff. Its like insurance plans - each site change their rules slightly, so it will be difficult to compare between them. The sites usually give a "discount" if you join an expensive tournaments. For example, 100$ buy in tournaments has 8$-9$ rake. In cash games, the rake limitation is a build-in discount for players playing big cash games. For example, 0.5$/1$ blinds, 6 players table. lets assume that average pot is 20$ (just a number) --> In this case the rake will be 1$ (5%). In 25$/50$ blinds, the average pot is 400$ (again, just a number) --> the rake is 3$ (according to rake limitation) which is >1% rake. sometimes the sites "punish" players playing small tournaments by slightly increasing rakes (1$+0.12$). When a site want to promote a specific game/cash level/tournament etc. it might temporarily reduce the rake a little bit. There are more issues that indirectly might influence rake like promotions and frequent player points, but this is subject to a different question