There are other approaches to disincentivise unhealthy behaviour that don't counter-productively increase total costs. For example, in the UK where all health care is free unless an individual chooses to upgrade, some regional health trusts have begun withdrawing non-essential non-urgent treatments such as IVF to smokers and others. It's very controversial, and it's too early to say what impacts it has, but it's unlikely to result in higher fees down the line. US smokers are taxed when they buy packs, at the state, federal and sometimes municipal levels; and there are similar liquor taxes, etc. These all are applied at the point the health-damaging behaviour is initiated, and there's plentiful evidence from many worldwide studies that, depending on how these taxes are applied, they do in fact reduce things like smoking rates, particularly among younger people. Here's one such example among many from 2011 (this is disputed by the tobacco industry and its affiliated researchers and think-tanks, obviously, but the evidence is strong). For illegal drugs, obviously they're illegal - mere ownership is penalised (in some states, very strongly). 

As for the pros and cons of structuring a system like this - that's a separate question. This does leave the question of, why are non-medicare Americans who have unhealthy habits, like the asker, penalised for a second time at the point where they do the right thing in seeking medical attention when they show signs of being unwell (or in preparing for such an eventuality with insurance), when they've already paid once through taxes? 

If there was some governmental penalty and disincentive at the point a person with unhealthy habits identified possible health problems and sought treatment, you'd be penalising and disincentivising the thing they did right. Almost all medical conditions, and especially cancer, can be treated more easily, safely and cheaply when they are caught early. In particular, emergency treatment is colossally expensive, and hospitals tend to bill people on Medicaid higher. Anything that makes unhealthy people more likely to delay seeing a doctor will wind up increasing the costs of their treatment. 

What is the result? A strike is a lose/lose situation for everyone involved. When you have a 100% unregulated market, then monopolies can occur under certain conditions. That's usually the case when you have a fungible product which also gets cheaper to produce the more you produce of it. When the product is fungible, companies can only compete by price, which means small competitors have no way to compete with larger ones, which means only the largest competitor can prevail. 

This, however, assumes that there actually is a competitive market for internet access in a given region. If a region is only served by one provider, this is not an option. Also, a neutral internet provider will likely be more expensive, because they do not make any income through preferential treatment fees from content providers. The company might also miss important business opportunities when they can not act on them because their staff is on strike. 

Common regulations to prevent such monopolies are: 

So the cost of a strike is more than just the sum of hours of productivity lost. 

This was the situation last year when the regional parliament of Wallonia blocked the CETA agreement for a while. In this case the situation was resolved by the Belgian parliament overruling them. But if it would have been a national parliament, it wouldn't have been so easy. With piecemeal-introduced agreements, this problem would be worse, because each individual piece might be the one thing which is really bad for one single EU country and cause them to block it. An internet provider could publicly commit to maintaining net neutrality and use that commitment as an unique selling proposition in their advertisement. Consumers who care about net neutrality could then vote with their wallets and switch to that internet provider. 

For these reasons, strikes rarely last more than a few days in the real world. You might remember the TTIP agreement which was designed with a lot of influence by industry lobbyists. The citizen lobbyists were not invited and reacted by rallying the European public against it. What most economy textbooks forget to mention is that all the mathematical theory usually doesn't apply very accurately to real world markets, because there are just too many variables. But it punishes them at the point of consumption - when they are actually doing the 'wrong thing' by following unhealthy behaviour. It doesn't penalise or discourage them at the point when they do the right thing by seeking medical help when it is needed. 

Actually, the tax code does already penalise people with poor health habits. There are other approaches to disincentivise unhealthy behaviour that don't counter-productively increase total costs. For example, in the UK where all health care is free unless an individual chooses to upgrade, some regional health trusts have begun withdrawing non-essential non-urgent treatments such as IVF to smokers and others. It's very controversial, and it's too early to say what impacts it has, but it's unlikely to result in higher fees down the line. 

As for the pros and cons of structuring a system like this - that's a separate question. 

If there was some governmental penalty and disincentive at the point a person with unhealthy habits identified possible health problems and sought treatment, you'd be penalising and disincentivising the thing they did right. Almost all medical conditions, and especially cancer, can be treated more easily, safely and cheaply when they are caught early. In particular, emergency treatment is colossally expensive, and hospitals tend to bill people on Medicaid higher. Anything that makes unhealthy people more likely to delay seeing a doctor will wind up increasing the costs of their treatment.