Whereas attributes of Everone other Than Allah swt are not azali means not from the beginning,not forever,limited,mortal and granted by Allah Swt not by itself. As for performing Tarawih prayers in congregation in the Mosque, it is a communal Sunna for men. As such, if one offers Eisha Salat in congregation and then performs Tarawih on his own at home, he would miss out on the immense rewards for praying in congregation in the Mosque but it will not be sinful, blameworthy or disliked even with persistence. by which one can understand praying on time is essential All Praise to Allah Subhanahu wa Taala and blessings on Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him His family and companions. Praying Taraweeh in the Mosque is Sunnah ,If someone prays at home he would miss those rewards of praying in congregation but he would not be sinful.So it is not obligatory to offer taraweeh at Mosque but is Sunnah. 1- All attributes of Allah Swt are from beginning (Azali) Regarding your other concern sending another kind of salawat to be biddah so what kind of salawat is "Mola Ya salli wasallim daiman abadan" every muslim knows it and recite it very well.Majority of Scholars have said your quoted salawat to be permissible. 3- Every Attribute of Allah Swt is infinite.(La mahdood) Ali bin AbI Talib narrated that : the Prophet said to him: Shirk Fis Sifaat is something when you consider these attributes of Allah Swt for someone else: The best answer in this context is that Prophet (Peace be upon him) is alive in his grave and death will never reach him , but he will remain alive due to this fact that the Prophets remain alive in their graves. Now see this please for more clarification, Aishah narrated: "When the Prophet opened the Salat he would say: (Subhanaka Allahumma wa bihamdika wa tabarakasmuka, wa ta'ala jadduka wa la ilaha ghairuk)" 'Glorious You are O Allah, and with Your praise, and blessed is Your Name, and exalted is Your majesty, and none has the right to be worshipped but You.'(Tirmidhi) Allah Swt and His Messenger knows best. Now see this ayah from Surah Taubah verse 128, So when someone says Ya Ayyuhan Nabi In tasshahud calling to Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him sending Salam considering alive in grave,it is not considered as Shirk at all. That is why it is recommended by All scholars that is a confirmed Sunnah and also praying in congregation has more rewards but still would not be considered as Fardh. 5- All Attributes of Allah Swt belong to himself not granted by someother being.(Zaati) All praise to Allah Swt and blessings on Prophet Muhammad peace be upon Him Allah Swt and His Messenger knows best. All Praise to Allah Subhanahu wa Taala and blessings of Him be on Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him His family and companions, Ibn Abbas narrated that the Prophet (PBUH) said, “Jibril (AS) led me in (in Salat) twice at the House (the Kaaba). So he prayed Zuhr the first time when the shadow was similar to (the length of) the strap of a sandal. Then he prayed Asr when everything was similar (to the length of) its shadow. Then he prayed Maghrib when the sun had set and the fasting person breaks fast. Then he prayed Isha when the twilight had vanished. Then he prayed Fajr when fajr (the dawn) began, and when eating is prohibited for the fasting person. The second time he prayed Zuhr when the shadow of everything was similar to (the length of) it, at the time of Asr the day before. Then he prayed Asr when the shadow of everything was about twice as long as it. Then he prayed Maghrib at the same time as he did the first time. Then he prayed Isha, the later one, when a third of the night had gone. Then he prayed Subh (Fajr) when the land glowed. Then Jibril (AS) turned towards me and said: O Muhammad (PBUH)! These are the times of the Prophets before you, and the time is what is between these two times.”(Abu Dawud) Now as you stated about God like attribute "to consider alive as shirk" so regarding this when we consider someone to be alive it is not "Shirk" as we are alive yet but it could be if someone claims that He is alive from the beginning and he was not created later and this is called as HAADITH(Something which was not before but created later) so Allah Swt is from beginning but no body else is like that. 'Ali! Three are not to be delayed: Salat when its time comes, a funeral whet it (a prepared body) is present, and the (marriage of a) single woman when there is an equal for her."(At Tirmidhi) See these ahadith which would In Sha Allah clarify your doubt , Now because Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him said to hold fast to his Sunnah and Sunnah of the rightly guided Caliphs so Ahlus Sunnah strongly believe to follow their way based on this Hadith : And do not say about those who are killed in the way of Allah , "They are dead." Rather, they are alive, but you perceive [it] not.(Quran 2:154) It would be good if you more eloborate your question,However if you have missed the 1st rakah with Imam in prayers then you have to start with Thana or dua Isteftah ,which is regarded as the Sunnah part of the prayer. Imam Ibn Hajar alAsqalani (Ra) said in Sharh of Sahi Bukhari "fath ul Bari" So everyone and Everything is "haadith" except Allah Swt and His Attributes. Ahlus Sunnah wal Jamah believe that Prophets are alive in their graves as mentioned in hadith similarly Allah Swt has said about Martyrs that they are alive and dont consider them dead.