I hope you know that it is perfectly okay for you to say 'no' while she is 17. Same as she gets to make adult choices when she is one. It is also perfectly okay for you not to pay for this trip. Adults do not ask Mum and Dad for help doing things when Mum and Dad don't like the plan. With our daughter we discussed it years in advance by and through the study of biology. Why did our dog get neutered? How do cats get pregnant? Why does that mummy have a big tummy? Why is Willow Mum buying sanitary pads and tampons? Later, how did a baby get in there? How is it fed or breathing in there? The questions came naturally. The answers did too. My 16 year old wants to give her teachers Christmas gifts. She is in 10th grade, so there are quite a number of teachers. I think you have to be 100% honest. Talking it out during therapy is a good idea. Set rules and follow them. There are set consequences for breaking the rules. Perhaps the therapist can help you decide on appropriate rules/goals and consequences. If Dad is in the loop, please make him a part of it. No one (including parents) can back down or change the rules. When my daughter at 5 asked why I was buying tampons in the grocery store, I said something like, "You know I menstruate, right? These tampons help me stay comfortable, like a diaper keeps a baby comfortable." She did not ask more, but when she did, I answered. She had as much right to that information as any human does. Later, when she saw tampons in my bathroom and noticed they did not look like diapers, I showed her with a doll, where they went and explained it did not hurt. Later she told her dad that she had a hole in her vulva and asked where his hole was. It's hard not to laugh or be embarrassed but he was a trouper. He said he was a man and that instead of a vagina, uterus and vulva, he had a penis and testicles. Out came the big book we had about our bodies and he showed her. It was the first time she heard about ova and sperm and all that, but she was fascinated by it. Her best question had come years earlier when she saw her biological father in the shower, "Daddy what is that thing coming out of your vulva?" I think that your daughter should not be chatting on the net in private -- and that doesn't mean she can't have privacy, but that she is in a common area while she plays or chats. It is a difficult balance and in our home, I am not always liked for my approach. Her father is just as strict, thank goodness because I of course cannot control what happens at his house beyond normal parent/child stuff. I have to trust him and I do. Yes, GTA V is a wholly inappropriate game to play with your dad (not least because it's single player); but seeing the latest Star Wars (or the original) isn't, or something like HellDivers, Gauntlet or New Super Mario Bros (nothing says, "I love you Dad", like accidentally killing him for the 4th 40th time). Obviously you love him and want him to think of you in that way, but he already has a father, and he's aware that you're not him. If he doesn't want to think of you in that way, it might be better to use his name, as if he were just a friend's child, and see how he reacts. He might prefer it, as it means you're treating him more like an adult and equal in his mother's life; or he might decide he prefers the father-son relationship and go back to calling you Dad. You could even try something like XCom, so you can customise the characters together; or you can leave a mission for him to do while he's up, with a note on how badly you f'd up the last mission, everyone's dead, so good luck with that, dad. Or just shuffle the world around so you can be in the same room for a bit, doing your different things. If your schedule's really aren't that compatible, you're not actually giving up that much time. This is entirely normal, you're family, not friends. It also sucks for him. You're his child, he sounds insecure about his relationships, and he's struggling. If you are genuinely concerned, make a goddamn effort. If you don't want to do any of these things (and it sounds like you might have crossed a line where he doesn't), that's fine. You could even do something as simple as a card just to let him know you care; that's the kind of thing a dad quietly holds on to during the tough times. Consider something along the lines of: One possibility is to stop calling him "son". But making time for people who are a bit tiresome becomes more important the older you get, as your life moves you apart from people you used to be close to. Finding a way to do that that you can maintain is important, especially with family.