Sometimes a report will make recommendations or reach formal conclusions (sometimes with minority reports if a group is conducting the investigation) and sometimes, the reports, will simply be informational. 

For example, the Declaration that supported the Padilla detention as an enemy combatant was as follows: 

Sharia law is a big and complex subject. A significant number of college students in Saudi Arabia and in Iran, for example, would have it has a college major and pursue graduate studies in it as well. This post focuses on some of the better known and most distinctive features of it from the perspective of an outsider. 

Legislators have absolute immunity from lawsuits over passing unconstitutional laws. See U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 6 (in the pertinent part): 

Islamic inheritance laws apply. 

The price we pay for a free press in the U.S. is the need to have healthy skepticism of political claims. The validity of those claims is resolved with more speech in most cases, not with legal action. 

In theory, legislators have a sworn duty to only pass laws that are constitutional. See United States Constitution, Article VI, Section 3: 

To Clarify Undefined Rights There is a law that says who inherits from someone who dies without a will, something that would otherwise be undefined. The law establishes rights and there may be legal consequences for disregarding those rights, but it isn't really a law with a penalty involved for violating it in the same way that there is for violating a penal law such as a law that establishes a penalty for drunk driving. 

A similar law would be the definition of a "minor" as, for example, someone who is eighteen years old as shown by their birth certificate. There are consequences to being a minor or not being a minor that are legally relevant, but they aren't necessarily "penalties" in the strict sense of the word. 

Who Conducts Federal Investigations And How Different kinds of investigators have different powers that sometimes also depend upon the nature of the investigation.