I did never found a precise proposal. Actor causality seems to me an ad-hoc explanation, hence a pseudo explanation. 1) Aristotle develops his classification from the study of mesocosmic (= middle world) objects only. Further stimulation came from the discussion of Plato's theory of forms. E.g. causa formalis resembles the Platonic concept of form. 3) Concerning your interesting example to explain light rays - microphysics - by the means of Aristotle's doctrine, my proposal is: I consider the success of natural science the strongest argument for the existence of "real" external objects. It is very influential in so far it convinces at least all natural scientists :-) Cantor rejected infinitesimals because the product of an infinitesimal with a fixed, finite non-zero remains infinitesimal. The Archimedean axiom does not hold in Omega_QQ. Hence - according to Cantor - infinitesimals do not represent the length of any line; they are no "linear numbers". In addition, Cantor considered the multiplication of infinitesimals with transfinite ordinal; but it remains unclear how Cantor thought this multiplication to operate. First, in terms of "who is correct", both positions face the same drawback: they are unable to provide a reason or explanation for how something could occur without being caused. Again, if it (the universe) is within something else, then the universe is by definition not infinite and not bounded, conflicting with your first premise. In my own personal view, I think it's easiest to rest under the notion that we are at every moment new persons. We are constantly changing, constantly learning and adapting, and while from moment to moment we may appear similar, it is unnecessary to force ourselves into thinking we are the same "thing" all the time. We are not the same and I'm grateful, otherwise life would be very boring. :P Richard Dawkins, in his book The God Delusion, articulates an "infantile version" of the ontological argument in a way that might reveal it's reasoning and major flaw: EDIT 3 regarding OP's comments below (I suppose I ought to streamline this whole answer at some point): You write: Note that in a deterministic system that is necessarily deterministic, it is still possible for unexpected things to occur because it is essentially impossible to "know everything" about any sufficiently complex system. Actually I avoided that question because you asked for what the experience would be like. So the person on Mars, whether or not you decide he's a new person or the same person as the one who's body was just destroyed, he would feel as if he was in one moment on Earth and the next on Mars. That's what his experience would be like. The debate about whether this person is in fact the same person or someone new is a separate issue from the phenomenological experience this man has, and it will depend on your particular views on what makes a person a person. For example, some people say that your body must be in tact, but what if you lose your arms and legs in a war, are you now 50% less the person you were before? What if I told you that your cells are constantly dying and new cells are replacing the old ones, meaning your body is made up almost entirely new physical matter every time a full cycle of new cells replaces the old ones. So most people recognize it's not just a body that makes us us, but also perhaps our personality and memories. But the problem is that our personalities do change over time, sometimes very rapidly due to trauma or mental illness, and our memories are often fragmented or forgotten entirely. Does that mean we are a different person? Some people want to think that we are the same person; others think that we are for all intents and purposes a new person if our entire personality were to change and memories lost. But again, all this is irrelevant to how the person would experience such a teletransportation device. Aside, I admire your coloured figures :-) 1) To support a thesis with the weakness of human reasoning power ("it is impossible for man to fathom ...") is no argument. There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy. (Shakespeare: Hamlet 1.5) will not fit the high estimation of metaphysics by other participants of StackExchange Philosophy. Therefore I hope to learn now the arguments of the adherents of metaphysics. An excellent review of the different viewpoints, e.g., Leibniz, Newton, Mach, Einstein, is Chap. 3 "Relativity and the Absolute. Is Spacetime an Einsteinian Abstraction or a Physical Entity?" is Green, Brian: The Fabric of the Cosmos. 2004. Besides the linguistic question of the meaning of nothing, of course there is the much deeper problem about the beginning of our world. Referring to the doctrine there was one main issue and some minor ones, which Descrates considered different from the Jesuits' official teachings. First, Descartes represents the heliocentric model that the earth moves around the sun. Secondly, some examples for minor issues: Descrates rejectes the Aristotelian causa finalis as useless for natural science (Med. IV, section 6). He also rejects the Aristotelian teachings of four fundamental elements. Instead, Descrates operates with the concept of matter and its fundamental property of extension. Aristotle's principle is the doctrine of the four causes, in Latin: causa materialis, causa formalis, causa efficiens and causa finalis (Chapt. 7). In your example the substance is bronze statue. Besides giving its substance as the first category, the object has a set of further properties, e.g. some of the categories no. 2-10, see Aristotle: The Categories. 1b25-2a4. E.g., the colour determines the category qualification. The value of these further categories may change during the lifetime of the object in question. And this change is captured by the terms potentiality and actuality. Note that in a deterministic system that is necessarily deterministic, it is still possible for unexpected things to occur because it is essentially impossible to "know everything" about any sufficiently complex system. See "Existence" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existence , although you will probably find more thorough literature on it under the arguments against the Ontological argument for the existence of God. For example: http://www.existence-of-god.com/ontological-objections.html (section labelled "Kant’s Objection to the Ontological Argument: Existence is not a Predicate") http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ontological_argument#Kant:_existence_is_not_a_predicate It's not entirely clear to me where you're having difficulty but I will attempt to go over the thought experiment and provide some clarity. Actually I avoided that question because you asked for what the experience would be like. So the person on Mars, whether or not you decide he's a new person or the same person as the one who's body was just destroyed, he would feel as if he was in one moment on Earth and the next on Mars. That's what his experience would be like. The debate about whether this person is in fact the same person or someone new is a separate issue from the phenomenological experience this man has, and it will depend on your particular views on what makes a person a person. For example, some people say that your body must be in tact, but what if you lose your arms and legs in a war, are you now 50% less the person you were before? What if I told you that your cells are constantly dying and new cells are replacing the old ones, meaning your body is made up almost entirely new physical matter every time a full cycle of new cells replaces the old ones. So most people recognize it's not just a body that makes us us, but also perhaps our personality and memories. But the problem is that our personalities do change over time, sometimes very rapidly due to trauma or mental illness, and our memories are often fragmented or forgotten entirely. Does that mean we are a different person? Some people want to think that we are the same person; others think that we are for all intents and purposes a new person if our entire personality were to change and memories lost. But again, all this is irrelevant to how the person would experience such a teletransportation device.