Case 3: The player is on seat 2. Having missed both blinds, the dealer will jump over him and he will be asked to either post SB + BB and be dealt a hand or wait for the big blind. If he chooses to post both blinds, the small blind will be considered 'dead', will be added to the pot and it will not count as a raise to the other players. According to you, in the left side of the image above, on the next hand the new player (seat 2) is in the position to take the big blind. That is because the button will move to seat 3, seat 1 will be SB and seat 2 will be big blind but i know its wrong because i have tested it. So the only explanation is that i am missing something or i have misunderstood you, Jon. 

According to the three conclusions i have come across in the update above a new player joining between the button and the big blind will have to wait for the dealer to pass them before they can be dealt a hand and post any missed blinds (if any). In the picture, on the left side, the next hand the dealer will pass over the new player and because he/she will not be in between the blinds anymore he/she should be able to play the hand. 

Case 3: The new player takes seat 2. The next hand the dealer will jump over him and he will be asked to either post the BB and be dealt a hand or wait for the BB. 

The end result is invariably the same - a pair/set/trip rockets and I'm out of pocket. I can understand what antes bring to a tourney, but why would you have them in regular cash games? Now there is something to be said for raising and something for seeing the flop as cheaply as possible, but why the two different views? Are these just styles or should something else drive whether I choose one or the other? N.B. I tend to play the fast online variants so there are no player reads to be had. Such examples are Rush (Full Tilt), Fast Forward (Party Poker) and Zoom (PokerStars). On a few occasions though, some short stacks cold call and then come over the top on the river and then villain wins with something like 22 hitting a 2 on the river. Due to the small bet, I can't really get a read, but such a hand is costly. Any idea how I should otherwise play it? I've seen many heroes in similar positions simply check on the river but this would have no effect here since villain would still throw in their last coin. This question relates to pre-flop play and is aside from the obvious point of being more aggressive the later your position. I understand that this is to stop you getting an immediate positional advantage over the others, but why have the rule at one end and not the other? 

Obviously, I should ditch my ladies if a large raise comes in or villain comes over the top but there doesn't seem to be any tells I can use for mid-sized calls/raises. 

Whatever happens next, I always seem to get burned: 

I've had a few hands where I have say, KQ and the flop contains K rag Q. Clearly I am favourite here so tend to ram and jam on the flop, turn and river. 

While you are free to leave a table whenever you wish to avoid the BB, there seem to be rules in place that govern when you're first dealt in. What are these rules - and do they vary from site to site? 

Case 2: player A first to act goes all in with 11 chips. Rejoining the game (sitting back in). Case 1: The player is on seat 6. If the blinds didn't make a table round then the player will post BB and be dealt a hand. Nothing changes. 

According to the three conclusions i have come across in the update above a new player joining between the button and the big blind will have to wait for the dealer to pass them before they can be dealt a hand and post any missed blinds (if any). In the picture, on the left side, the next hand the dealer will pass over the new player and because he/she will not be in between the blinds anymore he/she should be able to play the hand. What is the minimum raise allowed after the flop in the following cases? 

According to you, in the left side of the image above, on the next hand the new player (seat 2) is in the position to take the big blind. That is because the button will move to seat 3, seat 1 will be SB and seat 2 will be big blind but i know its wrong because i have tested it. So the only explanation is that i am missing something or i have misunderstood you, Jon.