However, without an attack or credible home threat, there could be no consensus for actual war. So his administration was forced to do what it could short of that (including subtly poking the totalitarian tigers, in hopes they'd lash out). 

The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 

Firstly I make this argument in deference to the leaders on the ground. A reading of Freedom Summer, by Bruce Watson* shows that the leadership of SNCC had extended, passionate discussions about whether to use "self-defence" or entirely passive resistance tactics. Stokely Carmichael, future leader of the Black Panthers, unsurprisingly was the lead voice for self-defense. This leadership was strongly southern blacks (unlike Carmichael), who knew exactly what kind of a buzzsaw they were walking into. That they settled on the tactic they did has to at least show that this was what they saw as the most effective tactic at that time. All of these people were in a far better position to judge that than any modern person who has not lived through what they did. 

There is debate about whether the US administration would have liked to see Saddam toppled as well. Colin Powell claims in his memoirs that the intention was always to leave him in place, as a bulwark against Iran. However, various public statements made by President Bush led many people inside Iraq to (incorrectly) believe the US would support popular uprisings, with very unfortunate results. The administration of his son (GW Bush), certianly believed this was a mistake. 

Wikipedia refers to this as a "precursor to the Special Relationship", which is I guess the point I'm trying to make. 100 years of this kind of tacit military alliance got the two sides used to thinking of themselves as allies (particularly the navies). When the US Navy surpassed the British, all the Brits really needed to do was make damn sure the US kept thinking the same way. 

How does the US Navy compare to its counterpart in the early 20th Century? Are the numbers of ships and personnel really that much smaller now? If so, is this cheifly a reflection of a change in the technology and role of Naval warfare in the last 100 years, cheifly a lessening of the USA's ability to project military power in the world, or a combination? 

What actually happened was that the fickle Bashaw soon changed his mind. He decided to postpon the declaration so as to give the United States more time to fold to his bluff write a letter to Algiers first: 

Sometimes, the Japanese government made official requests for the remains, which seems to have generally found receptive ears. However, where the process was initiated privately, the return trip often turned out to be harder than it had been bringing the skulls into America in the first place. Bureaucratic red tape aside, both American and Japanese governments has been reluctant to transfer remains without clear evidence of origin. The US Naval Hospital in Okinawa almost destroyed a skull as medical waste before Okinawa prefecture was persuaded to accept the transfer, for instance. 

That more of the movers and shapers of politics migrated to the federal centre after the United States centralised with the Constitution is not surprising. In this they were also aided by the fact that the new United States Congress had almost twice as many seats as the Congress of the Confederation had. 

Section 2. The Congress and the several States shall have concurrent power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation. 

At the time the Constitution WAS seen as the enshrinement of laws, getting an Amendment gave weight to your cause and Federal enforcement. I don't have official sources on this but there are arguments that prior to the use of the Commerce Clause to give Federal enforcement powers an Amendment was the way to get National enforcement. Although looking more at varous sources the most common rationale given for a national-law is the Temperance Movement already had many States enacting Prohibitive Laws, but this would make it Federal and not allow Liquor interests to interfere locally and influence local politicians. 

Pretty much correct Wladmir, this article shows the growth over time, but it was all due to the Permanent Apportionment Act of 1929: http://www.thirty-thousand.org/pages/Why_435.htm 

If you look at the history of the World they had great early success with specific journalists and innovations, such as the Cross-word puzzle, but by 1920 these seemed to disappear 

At some point it had to stop, although it seems as if Congress could change it again if they wanted to, so long as the apportionment stay as constitutionally derived.