With these results from 25 areas. 60 blocks have failed fire tests, including 3 NHS buildings and they have another 500 to be looked at, which leaves them with a £600 million cladding safety bill. UK austerity was initiated with the Conservative/Lib Dem coalition in 2010, but the national debt has nearly doubled since then. So what is the actual aim of said programme, if we're accruing more debt? Two versions of the guidance were approved: one for specified authorities in England and Wales, and one for specified authorities in Scotland. What are Theresa May's personal/political views on LGBTQ+ rights? What is the public opinion (through polls/surveys) on Jeremy Corbyn since the announcement for the snap election regarding the position of Prime Minister? I have checked: It has been widely reported today that the Conservative party have come to a £1Bn+ deal with the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) to prop up their minority government, which got me wondering what are the key differences between a 'confidence and supply' deal moreover a formal coalition? This scenario assumes that the members of the party leadership are not at odds with each other. What if the party has multiple elected leaders and they don't agree? In that case either the party notices that the current party leadership can't work constructively and votes a new leadership of people who can, or single members of the leadership resign. The remaining leadership members would keep leading the party under the current name while those who resign would have the option to form a new party under a new name. *And no, using his power as head of church to change its rules might not have been a good idea. The last time an English monarch changed the state religion to accommodate their personal marriage plans, lots of people died Poland currently does too much at once which worries the other EU states. Petitions to the UK parliament are handled by the petition committee which are members of the UK parliament. However, in 2002 the Church of England liberated their stance and allows divorced to remarry at the discretion of the priest. The marriage between Charles and Camilla was in 2005, and the church gave permission to it. Although this power appears ceremonial, and in the vast majority of cases the Queen (or equivalent) does indeed grant assent when requested to do so, the power is real. This is demonstrated on the rare occasion when assent has been refused. As with Royal Assent, this is largely a formality. However, recently revealed documents show that the Queen did in fact refuse consent on a Private Members Bill in 1999, as well as on a few other instances prior to that. Because to do so would cause a constitutional crisis. As the Wikipedia article on the subject lists, previous such crises have more typically been caused by the head of state acting against the advice of the government on matters such as dissolving Parliament, or dismissing or appointing Prime Ministers. Briefly, even if the Lords does not amend the Bill, it may require (as a matter of honour, rather than legislation) that the government promise to do certain things. Or it may make an amendment in order to register a concern, so that the Commons has an opportunity to reconsider it, even if the Commons ultimately decides to reject it.