If you see that a user is consistently contributing low quality posts, it's time to flag for a moderator's attention, don't take it upon yourself to down vote everything and restore justice to the universe. The first case should seem obviously wrong to anyone that understands that cheating isn't a good thing for people to do. We allow multiple accounts, but they should never vote for each other. Now, because he was in such a hurry to get back to the park, he missed the grace period where he could have taken the vote back (had he even realized his mistake, which I doubt, he was in a bit of a panic at the time). It's a bit of a patchy system, but in a nutshell: If you are certain that it is not spam, and possibly just an edit that was caught in the metaphorical cross fire from a user that might simply have an Internet provider in common with the spammer - then simply accept the edit if it's good, or reject it for reasons other than being spam. Yes. By rejecting or flagging, you're sending the system additional signal. If they're on the verge of one of the various cascading blocks that we impose, you could very well bump them with your review. It's okay if you vote for your friends occasionally, but: We'd like to get to that point eventually. First, there are more opportunities to keep more of it from ever entering the system, and we want to see what those do as far as what actually gets in front of reviewers after a large coordinated attack, such as what we've been seeing for the past ~10 days. We have more work to do, I'm not going to be happy until we keep this crap mostly out of people's global in-boxes. However, this is a pretty good leap forward, and there's even more places we can catch it before it even hits the queue. Still, once that's done, you'll still see these on occasion. If that had happened, a fish would have been frightened, and not swum over to distract a little girl. But since the girl was distracted by the fish, she didn't stay with her dad on the way back to the car, and he left without her.