Is the game a tie? -> The non striker has completed two runs whereas the striker has just gone back to the strikers end. The strikers effort is considered as a one-run-short and the two runs that non-striker has run is reduced to a single. This scenario, ties the scores and the match ends in a tie. In the super over, if one of the openers gets injured, then the third nominated batsman comes out to the middle.However, if one of the openers is already dismissed and if another batsman gets injured - it gets interesting. According to the rules in the main match, if a team is 9 down and a batsman gets injured, the batting team will have to bring their innings to a closure as everyone else has been dismissed. Strange as it may sound, if the same rules apply to the super-over, if a nominated batsman has been dismissed and another injured, then the team forfeits the remaining balls in the over and they end up with the then prevalent score. Absent-Hurt: This is a scenario where a batsman is not able to come to the pitch to bat even without facing a ball, due to prior illness or injury. In this case, no runs will be added to his career stats and therefore, will not affect this average as neither will the (Innings - not outs) change. So, his batting average prior to the game is the same as that at the end of it. 

Timing the ball is of utmost importance while batting in leather ball cricket and hitting the ball hard is optional, as timing can get the ball to the boundary with very little effort. However in tennis ball cricket, timing is obsolete and power is everything as the ball is very light comparatively and hardly has any momentum while travelling forward compared to a leather ball. I guess the same goes with indoor cricket, as there isn't a huge distance for the ball to be covered. 

Has the bowling team won? -> Though the non striker has reached the strikers end and gone back, the batsman hasnt made any effort to take a run. This is considered as a no run and the bowling team is declared winners. 

The main reason for other sports to have cards and stricter discipline is that they are contact sports. There is hardly any physical contact with other players in cricket, which reduces the chances of violent behavior. 

(c) If after retiring a batsman resumes his innings, it shall be only at the fall of a wicket or the retirement of another batsman. My question is based on this third scenario. Two fielders are running behind the ball. The first slides, stops the ball and wants to pass it to the second fielder. But his throw misses the second fielder and the ball rolls over the boundary ropes. It's not very easy to say what you are doing wrong while bowling in indoor cricket. 

The net run rate is calculated with the below formula: Performance in the shorter version - Having a look at Siddle's statistics, his performance in the shorter version hasn't been as good as it has in Tests. The selectors might have deemed fit that the younger and faster bowlers would be better suited to the limited-overs version of the game and the Test bowling attack could be built around Siddle with the youngsters rotated to partner him. 

Another source: Appendix 7.6 of ICC's T20I Playing Conditions. There is no card system that is in place for cricket. Action is taken on players after the game and subsequent hearings by the match referee, in case they fail to follow the rules and ethics of the game. The examples that you provided might have been in jest and they, for sure, could not have been ejected from the game. 

Total overs -> This is the total overs played (batting) and delivered (bowling) by a team. This one has a catch though. Retired Hurt: If a batsman falls ill or gets injured while batting, he may retire with the umpires permission. At the end of the teams innings, if this batsman does not return to bat, he is considered 'Retired Hurt' and is considered not-out. Statistics-wise, the runs scored by him will be added to his career total as well as the innings. However, as average is calculated by "Runs scored / ( Innings - Not outs )", the denominator would not be affected by this game, as he is still not out. As long as he has scored a run or more before retiring hurt, it effectively means his career average will be better at the end of the game than it did at the start of it. 

This is a highly exceptional case. There is no record of this having occurred in any professional cricket match. If a ground has such a short boundary behind the wicket, it cannot be used for professional cricket. If a pitch causes such abnormal bounce, it will be deemed dangerous and the match will be called off. Actually, the boundary is restored every time it has been displaced by a fielder (or any other agent). You never see it happening because the broadcasting companies never end up showing it. This is largely due to the fact that there is always something more interesting to show than the replacing of the boundary ropes. As you rightly mentioned, even a few centimetres seems to make quite a difference in cricket today, and hence the restoring of the boundary rope to its original position is very important. 

Next time you go to a stadium to watch a cricket match, observe the boundary rope after it has been displaced (for whatever reason). You will notice someone (ball boy/ substitute player/ stadium official) will restore the boundary rope to its original position. (NOTE: This might cause you to miss out on some cricketing action happening around the pitch). 

As Ben Whyall mentions, the ball needs to strike the bat for it to be given a 6. 

Found an article here regarding salaries of cricket umpires in India. However, this was in 2012, so not sure if salaries have been changed since. The article mentions the following for local(non-international) matches: