Is there any reason for retaining the page tag, at least temporarily, that I've missed? Otherwise, the tag should be removed and blacklisted. The page tag is all over the map. There are many questions where it means a web page, often a Facebook page. Sometimes it means scrolling through a long text. Sometimes it means virtual memory. Glancing at the questions, there seems to be some other relevant tag, most of the time (html, php, facebook, memory, …). The questions in this tag don't look markedly worse than average (just perhaps a tad badly tagged). All in all, page looks like a prime candidate for burnination. 

And these tags are a strong indication of a question that doesn't belong here: 

And while I'm at it, a few synonym requests: A kind moderator (thanks, Flexo) has renamed existdb to exist-db. 

A lot of the exist questions are not about eXist-db, but about testing if something exists somewhere (file, query result, etc.). It is best to manually retag the ones that are to existdb, and the ones that aren't to other tags as appropriate (or none at all). Do you enjoy answering questions on SO? If so, I see no reason to avoid doing it for fun. If it becomes a chore, stop and do something else instead. Of course, if it starts getting in the way of other things which are clearly important (job, marriage etc) then that would be a very good reason to stop... 

Different users will have different preferences, of course. I deliberately make my email address very public - I want to make it easy for people to contact me. If someone doesn't make it obvious (e.g. it's not on their SO profile) then I think it would be slightly rude to start trying to find their contact details elsewhere. On the other hand, I wouldn't particularly concentrate on getting back on the front page. Concentrate on giving great answers. That generally has an effect of generating a lot of rep, but not always. Don't sweat the rep too much - or at least, don't let it get in the way of having fun and helping people. EDIT: I can't believe I forgot to include: 

If you've already asked the question on Stack Overflow, waited 24 hours and not seen a suitable answer, that's fine. That's much better than just emailing me directly, bypassing Stack Overflow completely. In particular, it's better than repeatedly emailing me despite my answer always being "ask on Stack Overflow" which has happened a few times... The whole "get a life" business seems to be predicated on what other people think you should enjoy doing, which doesn't seem like a very good basis on which to make decisions. Of course, quite often I'll ignore a .NET-based question because it's in an area of .NET I know very little about, like WCF... but I can always say so by email. And if it's a genuinely language-based question that I happen to have missed, I'll be grateful for the heads-up :) People do email me questions all the time. I rarely get cross about it :) Is there any reason for retaining the page tag, at least temporarily, that I've missed? Otherwise, the tag should be removed and blacklisted. 

A lot of the exist questions are not about eXist-db, but about testing if something exists somewhere (file, query result, etc.). It is best to manually retag the ones that are to existdb, and the ones that aren't to other tags as appropriate (or none at all). The page tag is all over the map. There are many questions where it means a web page, often a Facebook page. Sometimes it means scrolling through a long text. Sometimes it means virtual memory. Glancing at the questions, there seems to be some other relevant tag, most of the time (html, php, facebook, memory, …). The questions in this tag don't look markedly worse than average (just perhaps a tad badly tagged). All in all, page looks like a prime candidate for burnination. I see a few pending synonym requests which should be uncontroversial (hyphens, plurals, abbreviations), please approve them (and any similar ones you come accross). 

exist is very ambiguous, so it is best not used as a tag. Once all the posts that currently have it are retagged appropriately, it will only come back if a user with ≥1500 reputation reintroduces it. If that happens too often, the tag can be blacklisted.