- Roberts, Mary Louise. What Soldiers Do: Sex and the American GI in World War II France. University of Chicago Press, 2013. While the specific "quote" is almost certainly manufactured, the core idea could easily have been taken from Lincoln's Lyceum Address. In that speech, Lincoln warned that the mortal danger to the United States was not foreign but domestic: Kurashige, Scott. The Shifting Grounds of Race: Black and Japanese Americans in the Making of Multiethnic Los Angeles. Princeton University Press, 2010. Charlotte Brooks. "Alien Neighbors, Foreign Friends: Asian Americans, Housing, and the Transformation of Urban California .Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2009. At the same time, names were more fluid on a regional level, where some incorporated the originally-derisive Democratic as a prefix. This wasn't a new development: local organisations of the party seemed to have been doing that since as early as 1798. The resulting name, the Democratic-Republican Party, was rare during the early 1800s but gained ground after 1824. Notably, it became the chief self-identification of Jacksonian supporters in Pennsylvania during 1824. Regardless of the date, this event marked the beginning of the First Barbary War. The United States Consul, James Leander Cathcart, left Tripoli ten days later, on 24 May 1801. His departure is also collaborated in the collection of his letters published by his daughter. With Social Security seemingly bogged down, Roosevelt decided to hold off on public health insurance, and ultimately shelved the idea altogether in favour of increasing the availability of medical care. Additionally, the ministers and chargés may receive an additional expense allowance ("outfit") of up to (at Presidential determination) one year's salary. It seems that a practice developed where half of their annual salary was received for outfit when a diplomat is first posted, and a quarter when they returned. This would presumably go towards the upfront expenses of moving, accommodations, etc. - Maryland, a Guide to the Old Line State, Maryland Writers' Project, University of Maryland, 1940 The founders did not create a gold standard for the new republic, and thus there was no reason why they should have stipulated one in the Constitution. - Niles' Register, March 13 1824 Yes, Ronald Reagan frequently denied being racist. Something not really appreciated neither then nor since is the antipathy such treatment evoked back in Japan. - Section 1, Amendment XVIII of the United States Constitution In early 1935, the Social Security bill was languishing in Congress, where the universal healthcare section received little vocal support. In contrast, the AMA was strongly opposed and influential in Congress. This convinced Witte and the CES that retaining public health insurance would prevent the bill's passage. In his 1827 home medical group, the doctor Thomas J. Graham wrote that: Some sources also consider the United States Congress to have declared war when it passed the Act for Protection of Commerce and Seamen of the United States Against the Tripolitian Corsairs. But obviously that wasn't the start of the war, but rather the American reaction. And also less of a declaration of war and more of a force authorisation bill. - Julius, Kevin C. The Abolitionist Decade, 1829-1838: A Year-by-year History of Early Events in the Antislavery Movement. McFarland, 2004. Multiple wars might eventually readjust the border to more natural terrain features. However, the reality is that the United States had not fought any war against Canada (or British North America) since the borders were demarcated. Consequently, the border remained as it was drawn when the land was largely devoid of European settlements. And many of the states de-established their churches (inherited form England?) in the colonial era or in early decades. But all these seem to take place within a context of Abrahamic religions. For instance, the Treaty of Tripoli above was clearly directed at the Muslim Eyalet of Tripolitania. This made me wonder whether contemporary Americans understood their concept of free of religion as being applicable to non-Abrahamic faiths too. For example, that of the Native Americans.