Niqash said: No Jew remains who says this, but all of them have been destroyed. A selected narration of the event present in Tafsir Qurtubi on 7:163: As far as we know, now no Jew holds this view, a sect among them said this and it has now been erased. 5:75 The Messiah, son of Mary, was not but a messenger; [other] messengers have passed on before him. And his mother was a supporter of truth. They both used to eat food. Look how We make clear to them the signs; then look how they are deluded. Zuhri said: He who knew the Great Name, he supplicated: " Oh our God, and the God of every thing, The God who is One and except You there is no one other god, grant me the throne" and so it was brought infront of him. do not kill the soul which Allah has forbidden, except by right ... And whoever should do that will meet a penalty. Multiplied for him is the punishment on the Day of Resurrection, and he will abide therein humiliated. Except for those who repent, believe and do righteous work. For them Allah will replace their evil deeds with good. And ever is Allah Forgiving and Merciful. [The Prophet said:] I am the first of the Prophets to be created, and the last one to be sent One day, the ones who had forbidden the transgression were in a gathering and they noticed that none from the other group had not come out of their dwellings and they thought something might have happened to them. Ibn Abbas and a large number of muffasirin narrate that stones means sulfur, because of all rocks it blazes the most. Ibn Abbas said: Those transformed didn't live longer than three days. Neither did they eat, nor did they drink, nor did their generations continue. They looked over the wall and saw that the people had been transformed into monkeys. Other verses related to the event include 7:163-166. Also see Tafsir Ibn Kathir. Razi then presents the two logical arguments used by Mujahid and gives their counter-arguments and then the counter-counter arguments. This has been said to mention the greatness of the fire that it will be so severe that alongwith people it will also burn stones. Then on the day of the conquest of Mecca, the Prophet commanded that he should be killed, even if he is clinging to the Kaabah. When this is proven in the Tafsir, then applying it to Muslims in general is not appropriate. Then it was said to them: "Weren't you warned?" and they shook their heads. There are three major interpretations of what is meant by this phrase in classic tafsirs. It is narrated that Allah prescribed through Moses's tongue the sanctity of Friday for Bani Israel, but they differed about it and adopted Saturday and thought that creation was finished on Friday, and nothing was created on Saturday. Hence when the Torah was revealed, Saturday was prescribed for them and they were commanded to firmly observe it. This is the most prevalent tafsir of the verse: He will say, "The Fire is your residence, wherein you will abide eternally, except for what Allah wills. Ibn Kathir, discusses this in some length while commenting on 5:73. Unfortunately the abridged version available in English is incomplete. You can see the full arabic version here, see last paragraph of page 1 and first para of page 2. I'll try to give a rough translation. Ibn Kathir mentions two opinions, he mentions Fundamental problem: A very important question here is why would a muslim cause someone to forget the remembrance of Allah? Even if we had the power to make someone forget and we hate that person, why would we stop that person from praising Allah? In the verse you quoted... Allah talks about people mocking the believers. While these people mocked the believers they forgot the remembrance of Allah as they were BUSY in mocking. This has nothing to do with special powers. How does Satan make people forget? The satan does not have a "memory eraser" or some special powers (else he would make us forget Allah altogether ;-) ) RATHER the satan simply makes us busy in something else so that we forget. Does satan have special powers?... There are verses in the Quran that imply forgetfulness is from the satan. I will list a few of them below. Example: I was on youtube... I was watching youtube the other day and realized I had missed my zohar salaat. Does that mean youtube has special powers to make me forget the "remembrance of Allah" or satan made me busy in youtube to forget? And he said to the one whom he knew would go free, "Mention me before your master." But Satan made him forget the mention [to] his master, and Joseph remained in prison several years. (Quran 12:42)