[Jami` at-Tirmidhi], with other Riwayat available. If none came, then you should re-pray the salat. 

Isha: begins when the twilight has vanished, and ends when the third of night has gone. 

Dhuhr: begins when the shadow is similar to the length the strap of a sandal, and ends when everything's length is equal to it's shadow's length. 

Asr: begins when everything's length is equal to it's shadow's length, and ends when the shadow of everything is about twice as long as it is. Maghrib: begins when the sun had set (and fasting ends), and that's its time, the sun setting (as long as there is twilight). 

The Messenger of Allah (pbuh) said, "Arrange the rows in order, stand shoulder to shoulder, close the gaps, be accommodating to your brothers, and do not leave gaps for Satan. Whoever joins up a row, he will be joined to Allah (i.e., to the Mercy of Allah); and whoever cuts off a row, he will be cut off from Allah (i.e., from His Mercy)." There is a Hadith about that (mentioned below), according to it the timings are: 

(5) When doubts occurs in the number of rakats in a 4-rakat salat, if it is 4th or 5th rakat, or it is 4th or 6th rakat, or it is 4th or more rakat (as explained in Fiqh Notes #2). 

(3) Forgetting to recite Tashahhud during salat. If you forget Tashahhud after 2nd rakat, but remember it before the ruku of next rakat, then you should return and perform it. And after the salat, perform Sajdah Sahv for performing additional standing (qiyam). 

Lecture #3 Maulana Abul Qasim Rizvi, Panjtan Ctr, Melb rev 160107 5 SAJDAH SAHV, NOTES OF LECTURES ON FIQH - By Maulana Abul Qasim Rizvi 

(2) Reciting Salam forgetfully at a wrong place during salat. (For example, if you recite Salam after Tashahhud in 2nd rakat in a 4-rakat salat). Salam in a salat has three parts. Sajdah Sahv becomes wajib if 2nd or 3rd part of Salam is recited forgetfully. If only 1st part is recited forgetfully, then Sajdah Sahv is not wajib, but it is mustahab to perform. 

According to Fiqh of Shia Islam Sajda Sahv is for doing a mistake in obligatory prayers. (1) Talking forgetfully during salat (or even uttering a single word which has a meaning, e.g. saying ‘Ah’ in pain). 

Sajda Sahv means genuflection of mistake and is for indemnity of a non-intentional mistake in prayer. 

Asr: begins when everything's length is equal to it's shadow's length, and ends when the shadow of everything is about twice as long as it is. Only if there were Imam and one person praying beside him (on his right side with a slight backprayer), then you will have to usher him if you want to pray with them so that both of you will make a row behind Imam, else you should try to fill a gap in the last row, if there is no gap, then just start a new row (by standing in the middle so the Imam is strait in front of you) and join the prayer: [Jami` at-Tirmidhi], with other Riwayat available. 

Maghrib: begins when the sun had set (and fasting ends), and that's its time, the sun setting (as long as there is twilight). There is a Hadith about that (mentioned below), according to it the timings are: If none came, then you should re-pray the salat. Dhuhr: begins when the shadow is similar to the length the strap of a sandal, and ends when everything's length is equal to it's shadow's length. Lecture #3 Maulana Abul Qasim Rizvi, Panjtan Ctr, Melb rev 160107 5 

(4) Adding or omitting something forgetfully during salat, but that addition or omission does not make salat void. (Examples: (i) reciting Tashahhud after 1st rakat or after 3rd rakat in a 4-rakat salat; (ii) doing an extra sajda by mistake; (iii) forgetting zikr in a sajdah or ruku, (iv) forgetting second surah in 1st rakat or 2nd rakat, etc). 

According to Fiqh of Shia Islam Sajda Sahv is for doing a mistake in obligatory prayers. 

(3) Forgetting to recite Tashahhud during salat. If you forget Tashahhud after 2nd rakat, but remember it before the ruku of next rakat, then you should return and perform it. And after the salat, perform Sajdah Sahv for performing additional standing (qiyam). SAJDAH SAHV, NOTES OF LECTURES ON FIQH - By Maulana Abul Qasim Rizvi 

(1) Talking forgetfully during salat (or even uttering a single word which has a meaning, e.g. saying ‘Ah’ in pain). 

(2) Reciting Salam forgetfully at a wrong place during salat. (For example, if you recite Salam after Tashahhud in 2nd rakat in a 4-rakat salat). Salam in a salat has three parts. Sajdah Sahv becomes wajib if 2nd or 3rd part of Salam is recited forgetfully. If only 1st part is recited forgetfully, then Sajdah Sahv is not wajib, but it is mustahab to perform. (5) When doubts occurs in the number of rakats in a 4-rakat salat, if it is 4th or 5th rakat, or it is 4th or 6th rakat, or it is 4th or more rakat (as explained in Fiqh Notes #2).