but the other, that is not and that must not be, In the example you provide, light, there is no change - so in a sense nothing to explain; but if say it was an electron absorbing a photon and this jumping into a higher orbit - one could, perhaps classify the causes - if one had a mind or a need to; but there, is there an actual pressing need? ie 1,2,3,..., w,w+1,W+2,..,w2,w3,..w^2,..,w^3,..,w^w,..w^w^w,..,w^w^w^... The laws of physics observably change, that is their expression in terms of mathematics can, both through internal coherance & through physical insight. 

This is mainly a historical question. In Gary Hatfields introduction to Kants Prologomena, he says: I suspect not, simply because we have no formal means of creating a set - and so we cannot even take the first step to define cardinality. In the Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus: 

In contemporary usage a vacuum is the the removal of all matter from space, it stems from Latin adjective vacuus for empty or void. What I am curious about is what was then (in Antiquity) understood by the void. 

I suspect as China & India become more culturally self-confident and learn to reinvigorate their own traditions rather than merely copying the West that will change. 

My understanding is that the greek atomists were forced to their theory by critiquing Parmenides monism where he denied the existence of the void (that is, is not) in his poem Of Nature: 

The question then is what kind of logic does this quantum phase space support. Von Neumann & Birkhodd showed that this is non-distributive lattice, and by interpreting the join as or, and the meet as and they had a logic which they christened Quantum Logic. Its main drawbacks is that its difficult to interpret as a logic because of the failure of distributivity: This means there is no single distinguished description of the laws of physics. 

Given that the theory can no longer be tested, meaning that there can be no experimental evidence to force a change, the only development must be internal. I'm assuming physical/mathematical intuition can be characterised as a certain form of aesthetic. I don't see this as controversial, given some of the famous pronouncements by physicists & mathematicians of all stripes. Eastern traditions have left their mark in Western philosophy although one has to go looking for it. Schopenhauer for example, said that the Upanishads were consolation of his life. Simone Weil, christian mystic & moral philosopher knew Sanskrit. Oppenheimer, adminstrator of the Manhatten Project quoted the Bhagavad Gita 'I am become death, destroyer of worlds' at the first nuclear test explosion. My own thinking on this is that mathematicians from antiquity had already recognised the lack of neccessity in the parallel postulate, and that this shows that they already understood Euclidean geometry wasn't a priori as then constituted. That it took millenia for this insight to be incorporated in the main body of mathematics as refutation alongside the discovery of non-Euclidean geometry is a mere side-issue from this essential insight. for neither could you apprehend what is not, for it is not to be accomplished, Or, not knowing how to draw, coloured in or doodled over the letters in a pointlessly thoughtlessly way. Your remark about 'the universe at large' being awfully like God is interesting. It was Spinoza that theorised that the material universe (as pure extension) and mind (as pure thought), were two attributes of the single, indivisible, immovable and neccessary substance called God; and Newtons description of space and time has a qualitative, at least to me, link with that idea. I'd be interested to know if that could be drawn out further. Again, when one looks through a history book, that explanations are given in terms of actors that act towards some purpose - so again, both efficient and final cause is there. 

Given that he takes pains to distinguish his conception from the pure idealism of Berkeleys it would appear that if there was, it certainly wasn't well known then. This is then a possible argument for the primacy of classical logic. 

That is the structural approach includes the analytic, and the analytic includes the structural. A little reflection shows that each theory includes images of itself and the other infinitely - somewhat like the mandelbrot set reproduces itself internally. 

Generally Quantum mechanics divides a system into what is to be observed and an observer. These are substantial drawbacks despite the attractiveness of the idea. Its also been argued that pure states do not assign truth in the usual binary mode (true, false); so truth itself becomes obscure and has to be rethought. Recently there has been a couple of attempts to ground the theory in intuitionistic logic for which the law of the excluded middle and choice doesn't hold.