1 http://www.leeds.ac.uk/law/teaching/law6cw/hc-3.htm 2 http://www.parliament.uk/site-information/glossary/allocation-of-time-motion/ I'm afraid I have no clue what "the fox" might refer to. Most democratic countries have a written constitution, but it's not a requirement. The prime example of a country that lacks a constitution would be the United Kingdom. The main difference between constitutional and ordinary law, be it statute law, case law or convention, is that constitutional law is considered fundamental and above ordinary law in all cases. Although constitutions can be revised and/or amended the process is extremely complex1 and time consuming (and often defined in the constitution itself). 1 To get a better idea of the level of complexity, you should check out the revision and amendment processes defined in the Constitution of Greece, the Basic Law for the Federal Republic of Germany, and the Constitution of Canada. The guillotine is a common name for allocation of time motions2. A constitution defines the basic framework for a government, its form and the form and relationships of its branches, the executive, the legislature and the judiciary. Furthermore most constitutions that were drafted after the French Revolution typically include a section recognizing basic human and civil rights, inspired by the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen. Additionally constitutions often define the relationship between church and state, and in monarchies, the relationship between the monarch and state. Also Assembly of Experts Legislate for Assembly affairs. Article 111: Whenever the Leader becomes incapable of fulfilling his constitutional duties, lacks one of the qualifications mentioned in Articles 5 and 109, or it becomes known that he did not possess some of the qualifications initially, he will be dismissed. The authority to determine this matter is vested with the experts specified in Article 108. In the event of the death, resignation, or dismissal of the Leader, the experts shall take steps within the shortest possible time for the appointment of the new Leader. China puts Xi’s name in constitution. It is strange (for me) to put a politician name in constitution (specially when the politician is not the founder of that Gov.) do you know a similar case in the other countries? The point is in your statement: "select the next Supreme Leader if he dies." The Leader is not selected for lifetime; He must have and preserve qualifications and conditions (articles 5 and 109) to remain leader. Assembly of Experts have supervision duty, to check if the Leader qualifies and preserves these conditions; If not he will be dismissed. The last condition, where the populace surrenders and abdicates their individuals freedoms, is the most threatening because we can see indications that it is already happening. Look at the expanse of the Federal government beyond the confines of the Constitution, how it inserts itself into matters beyond its powers, and people accept it because "general welfare," an illusion of security, or personal gain. Putting aside a violent overthrow of the government, since the impacts of such an event would go well beyond installing a simple theocracy, focus on the other two. They are inextricably linked, given the full weight of the requirements to amend the Constitution in accordance with Article V. 3/4 of the States would have to ratify any amendment. That means 3/4ths of the state legislatures would also need to be in [group] control. How large do you think [group] is, as a proportion of the populace? On the 'right to disqualify,' they can't. They are just calling his character into question giving his prejudicial statements. The administration however, through Josh Earnest, is free to discredit or judge Trumps statements publicly. There is a legitimate concern that his expressed desire of keeping out all muslims can be used as a propaganda or recruiting device. However, the shortcoming of that concern is that there is already a stated intention to kill us; hiding from that reality just leaves these United States unprepared to provide a defense.