Matthew 16:24 (NIV) Then Jesus said to his disciples, “Whoever wants to be my disciple must deny themselves and take up their cross and follow me. 

And it seems that joy is something we can attain by having the Holy Spirit in our lives: The translation in question "anything" actually comes from two words: pantos [any/every] and pragmatos [practice/matter]. 

Finally, is the word "joy" a bad translation of the original Greek there? Or should we expect intense happiness (per the meaning of the word in English)? 

Theories say that it could have possibly referred to a Jewish priest, a Roman official, or a lawyer friend of Luke's. If we look at the four gospels, we see Jesus crucified, buried, and resurrected four separate times. The events leading up to his death are similar including four last suppers, four records of trial, etc. All commentaries come from a certain doctrinal standpoint. Often, a commentary (as others have mentioned) will note their doctrinal standpoint, but sometimes they will not. In these cases, it's most important to examine the Bible and Divine traditions to see if the commentary contradicts anything within the Bible or Divine traditions. If it does, then clearly the commentary should be avoided. We also have to remember that not everything that is done in the Bible is a perfect example. The people in the Bible are real, and they make mistakes and commit sins - even the ones that have the favour of God. Even if we conclude that Jeremiah did lie, and that the circumstances don't excuse it, that does not mean that lying is OK. 

Plenty of sites will give you an overview, and many better than Wikipedia, but a key part of their theology is that God dealt with Man in distinct ways in distinct times. Most hold that the change from the 'Old Covenant' to the 'New Covenant' occurred only after the death of Jesus (usually at Acts 2) and that until then all teaching - including the teaching of Jesus - was under the Old Covenant. The Old Covenant was superceded by the New, and its teaching made irrelevant.This irrelevant teaching includes the teaching of Jesus. 

If you have Protestant leanings, and wanting to do your own interpretation (in a group or alone) there are whole classes of books written about this, collectively called "Introductions" (a misleading term - they are not in any way basic or primers). I recommend my personal favourite: "How to Read the Bible for All It's Worth" The answer to your question is exactly analogous to asking "who has the gift of healing?". We know that it is not everyone. 

'Dwelling' does not simply mean to 'be present'. It means to reside or inhabit. If you go into a shop, you are not 'dwelling' in the shop, but you are present there. If you say "I do not dwell in the shop" it doesn't mean you never go in there, or that you are not there now. We only have one story of survival of snakes/poison, and it is significant that it is accidental. Paul did not say "I'm telling you the truth, and to prove it I'll pick up this deadly snake". He picked it up by accident, and God used that. 

Furthermore, we should pray continuously for something we want! We see this in the parable of the widow and the unjust judge. The widow constantly bothers the judge and he finally relents even though he is neither godly nor just. He basically says "Fine, you can have it, go away." 

In all four books, Jesus was anointed with expensive oil. Two books show he was anointed on his head, two show he was anointed on his feet. More than likely, he was anointed on once on both his head and his feet. 

Ultimate Authority Applying the Rule of Faith is much more tricky since it depends on what you consider the "ultimate authority". Sola Scriptura adherents, for example, consider the Bible to be the ultimate authority; 

So, in essence, the verse is saying that if ever two of you agree on the earth about any practice, every deed, any question that they are requesting, it will be given. 

Theories say that it could have possibly referred to a Jewish priest, a Roman official, or a lawyer friend of Luke's. However, if we look at the dictionary, joy seems to mean "happiness". The translation in question "anything" actually comes from two words: pantos [any/every] and pragmatos [practice/matter]. 

Finally, is the word "joy" a bad translation of the original Greek there? Or should we expect intense happiness (per the meaning of the word in English)? Essentially, the Rule of Faith is the ultimate authority that is used to measure doctrines, practices, or beliefs (or other items in Christianity). Regula Fidei A quick definition: 

Another verse that supports this concept: 

Matthew 16:24 (NIV) Then Jesus said to his disciples, “Whoever wants to be my disciple must deny themselves and take up their cross and follow me.