This was a main topic for the analytic aesthetician Monroe Beardsley. In general, the philosophical work done by focusing on the "aesthetic experience" rather than the "aesthetic object" is that it relocates the aesthetic qualities in the experience of the viewer rather than in the object. This move was prefigured by Kant, who did not use the actual term "aesthetic experience," but who considered the key feature of a aesthetic object to be the fact that it inspires/necessitates a "judgement of taste" (which is arguably the same thing, or at least a close cousin). 

Your best bet of finding philosophical approaches to this idea, therefore, is probably to start with Kant's Critique of Judgement and work your way outwards from there. For myself, as a person committed to non-violence, I would claim that violence is never the best answer to the problems I'm looking to solve. For example, given a situation where I face a home intruder in the middle of the night, it might seem like violence in self-defense is my best and only option. The better answer, however, given my larger commitments, might be to work towards a society where wealth disparity and other socioeconomic conditions don't push people towards crime in the first place. In other words, if my city had never shut down its youth recreation centers, maybe that intruder might have walked a different path in life. The violence in the scenario only seems inevitable because we have framed the situation at the last possible moment before the violence actually takes place. The first philosophical book that comes to mind with that topic is The Structure of Scientific Revolutions by Thomas Kuhn. In my opinion, the best response to ontological uncertainty is to strive to live in a way that is meaningful regardless of the true nature of reality. While it may seem implausible, it may be less so than it seems. 

According to my understanding of gestalt, meaning the whole is not reducible to the sum of the parts, the philosophical analogs would be holism, emergentism and anti-reductionism. 

edited to respond to concerns by @adeena One of Plato's main themes was how to live a meaningful life in an illusionary, unreal world. I think his answer still stands --try to be as good a person as you can be, because virtue has its own reality that transcends whatever reality it is embedded within. This opens the door for the resolution of aesthetic paradoxes such as the existence of "found art" --objects that only appear to be art within the proper context--, or the fact that two people can judge the same piece of art very differently. If it is the experience rather than the object that has aesthetic qualities, then these problems are less damning then if the aesthetic qualities are held to physically inhere in the actual art object. 

This line of thought has a rich tradition in philosophy. One potential way to gain empirical evidence one way or another is through the famous Turing Test, which challenges a computer to successfully imitate the perceptible output of human thought processes effectively enough that a human being would be unable to tell the difference. 

As Conifold alluded to in the comments, this is a well-known topic in philosophy, most closely associated with the great German philosopher Immanuel Kant, who called this feeling "the sublime". He uses this concept, which he sees as most directly related to the awe-inspiring qualities of nature, as a way of developing his theory of art, which he believes taps into similar territory in the human experience. 

His argument does have force, however, if there is no larger picture. Without any larger moral framework and commitments, one is left with little recourse against this variety of nihilism. 

In the larger philosophical landscape, both Turing's original test and this adaptation of it are squarely in the British Empiricist tradition of insisting that the only meaningful statements about internal processes such as thought are the ones based on the empirical effects that can be perceived and measured externally. To the extent that a computer can imitate the output of human thought processes through algorithmic means, it is suggestive that human thought is likewise algorithmic.