Another way to make the character likable is to present him as a victim of a mental illness rather than as an evil person. Have him struggle with it, or at least have others talk about how he "just isn't the same person any more". Instead of, "Yeah, I beat people up for kicks, what's that to you?", make it, "I don't know what came over me yesterday. I attacked this poor woman for no reason. I try to stop myself but then the next day I do it again", etc. Fiction stories routinely make incredibly evil people into seemingly likable heroes. "Birth of a Nation" presented the Ku Klux Klan has heroes fighting to save their nation from tyrants. I once saw a movie, forget the title, that presented Bonnie and Clyde, two gangsters who killed people so they could steal their money, as heroes. 

I saw a TV show once, supposedly based on a true story, about a woman who murders her husband, in which it was presented as justifiable because the husband was such an evil person. And when it got to the end, I thought to myself, wait, what did he do that made him so evil? When his neighbor's dog attacked his young child, he threatened to shoot the dog if it happened again. If a vicious dog bit your child, would you smile and say sweetly "bad doggie -- go home". He pressured his wife to wear sexy night gowns to bed. How outrageous, a man wants his wife to be sexy for him. He spoke harshly to his wife when she ran up credit card debts. Etc. But as I was watching the show, the way it was done they just had you saying, yeah, this guy deserves to die. I posted these examples in a comment, but I'll elaborate on them here. Three games with excellent writing are The Beginner's Guide, Undertale, and Bastion. To be maybe a little too honest, all three of these games get me to cry every time I play them because their stories are so powerful. However, this comes at a cost: What this means for you is that you need to think about what type of game you're making. Read the article I linked and decide whether immersion should be one of the core focuses of your game or not. Quite frankly, if it isn't, then spending a lot of time on your game's story is a waste and can even potentially drive away the kind of players you want to attract. There are in fact gamers out there who find stories to be annoying and want to get straight to the action! In contrast, Thumper, Sonic Mania, and Beat Hazard are three games that effectively do not have stories. In exchange, they drop the player into the action of gameplay almost immediately and have few moments in which the action lets up. This will attract a different type of gamer.