I pick out some details from your question - unfortunately I did not understand all. Already this Ansatz of the picture theory can be questioned from the viewpoint of constructivism: We do not know the structure of reality, hence we cannot determine whether the proposition maps to its structure. All we can do, is constructing from our sensory input due to repeated experience a model with its structure. As Kant puts it: The thing in itself is not recognizable. Wittgenstein presupposes that reality has a structure which resembles the logical structure of our propositions. Notably, he presupposes a logical structure of reality resembling the logical structure of purged language. For me a statement like "nature is absurd" is not senseful. Nature, i.e. real objects and facts, just are. Only the difference between certain propositions can be absurd. E.g., the gap between the propositions valid in every-day life and the insights of quantum electrodynamics or quantum mechanics in general. Hence, please indicate a reference to Feynman's quote to learn about the context of his statement. Light is an electromagnetic wave like radiowaves. The only difference is their wavelength. We cannot detect any difference between radio waves in addition to their physical properties like wavelength, polarisation or intensity. Hence there is no evidence for colour as an intrinsic physical property. Those objects where I can act upon and get a sensual feedback, they form my body. I see my foot, touch it with my hand and have a corresponding preception. This sounds very Wittgensteinian, but Kant's concepts are also very private. In all three Critiques the action takes place entirely in the private mind of a private individual confronting her private manifold of sensation. It is interesting that the conventional relativization of Kant makes it worse. If the a priori are concepts and are acquired (on a longer time scale), then how are they acquired (and communicated)? Kant did not offer a working account of new concept formation, Pippin analyzes his attempts in Kant on Empirical Concepts, perhaps this was one reason why he made his a priori so absolute. Here is another version of the same fallacy with immateriality replaced by intentionality, which is due to Searle: Mind you, Penrose's speculations about quantum brain processes are based not on quantum mechanics, or even quantum field theory, but on his other speculations about quantum gravity, so he feels free to dismiss the computational limitations imposed by the existing work. In turn, his quantum gravity ideas are embedded into his Platonist metaphysics of "orchestrated objective reduction": Secondly, it depends on both the object and the light which strikes the surface, which mix of wavelenghts is reflected into our eyes. Note. I revised my previous answer due to the discussion with Zane and Pé de Leão. The truth value and certainty are independent concepts. A person can be certain about a proposition, but the proposition is false. A long time everybody was certain: The sun revolves around the earth. Thirdly, it depends on the human visual system how we experience as colour the mixed wavelenghts of the incoming light. I even favor the view that the neurobiological substrate of beliefs are exactly such representational states. The term picture theory of meaning refers to Wittgenstein’s description of language in his book Tractatus logico-philosophicus. From its 7 main propositions number 4 and its sub-propositions deal with language. Those objects where I can act upon and get a sensual feedback, they form my body. I see my foot, touch it with my hand and have a corresponding preception. At least the following researchers have a solid background in both philosophy and neuroscience: Already this Ansatz of the picture theory can be questioned from the viewpoint of constructivism: We do not know the structure of reality, hence we cannot determine whether the proposition maps to its structure. All we can do, is constructing from our sensory input due to repeated experience a model with its structure. As Kant puts it: The thing in itself is not recognizable. Wittgenstein presupposes that reality has a structure which resembles the logical structure of our propositions. Notably, he presupposes a logical structure of reality resembling the logical structure of purged language. The intuition against epiphenomenalism is strong and widely shared. The problem is not that people doubt that information should make a physical impact somehow, but that no one can explain how. Wittgenstein argued, roughly, that a language has to be learned, and to be learned it has to be used first. Therefore, no private language. But if language has to be learned what then are the a priori categories of understanding, concepts, and forms of pure intuition? Kant tells us in Critique of Pure Reason: [...] There are some interesting points of contrast here as it is as if the social sciences and AI have separately discovered the idea of agency at about the same time. Both in the popular sub-domain of distributed AI (DAI), where knowledge is distributed through several knowledge bases, or where intelligent agents act in concert to solve a problem, and also in robotics, it is curious to see that the language of agency and intentionality abounds, possibly much more so than in other areas of symbolic Al. Why should this be so? It seems to stem, not so much from a will to enfranchise objects in the way of some Continental sociologists, but rather a will to import sociological models into the design of their systems.