Referring to the people who are "without excuse" from Romans 1, Williams writes: 

In response, Aslan, the representation of Christ, says: 

Substitutionary atonement is also clearly seen in Miracles: 

Commentators call this understanding "feudal in origin" (xviii), and Anselm provides only indirect biblical basis. First, Boso, cites Colossians 2:14 ("bond of the decree") and John 8:34 ("slave of sin") as evidence that man is not a slave to the devil, but a slave to God's decree, and, by extension, to God himself (1.7). Later, in 1.19, Boso and Anselm interact over the implications of "forgive us our debts" in the Lord's Prayer (Matthew 6:12). In neither case does Anselm attempt to refute Boso, and in 1.20, he too adopts the word "bondslave" to describe man's relationship to God. 

The death of the God-man outweighs all sins. Finally, the satisfaction is achieved by the death of the God-man. Anselm argues that the God-man's life is worth more than all sins, and that thus his death outweighs them all. (2.14) Against the challenge that the sin of killing the God-man cannot be outweighed, Anselm responds by citing 1 Corinthians 2:8 ("if they had known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory"), arguing that the killers' lack of knowledge rendered the sin less severe, and thus it too was outweighed by the God-man's death. (2.15) 

So, from one perspective (but not all) that takes a literal reading of Scripture, anyone can become a Christian--a mass murderer, a rapist, a thief, a greedy person, an adulterer, or someone who practices homosexuality. Once a person has come to Christ, though, God desires them to live a holy life and indicates that certain things should no longer be practiced. 

The apostle John clearly gives the answer in this verse: 

16 “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life... 18 Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe is condemned already, because he has not believed in the name of the only Son of God. John 3:16, 18 ESV 

The question, however, really centers on what happens to those who reject Jesus. The answer to this does not differ based on whether one is a Jew or Gentile, though.