With so few matches, there is no point having a rating system. Women's Test Cricket is essential defunct (unfortunately). 

The backspinner is not as well known as other variations, such as the googly, the doosra or the flipper probably because it is not a particularly spectacular ball. On its own it is not a particularly difficult ball to play, so a bowler wouldn't bowl it too often, but it get used as a less common variation to try and keep the batsmen uncertain about the bowler. 

Source, cricinfo profile pages for Nathan Lyon and Graham Swann. The inner circle was introduced in limited overs cricket in order to stop the bowling team setting these kinds of very defensive fields for long periods, which makes the game boring. Without any restrictions, the fielding team could set all the players back to stop boundaries which makes for boring cricket. For instance, see this description about what used to be possible in one day cricket before fielding restrictions were introduced. 

The way the inner circle works is that a certain number of players (the exact number differs between 50 over and 20 over cricket) must be within that circle. This means that there will always be some gaps on the boundary that the batter can target with attacking shots. In powerplays, the number of fielders that must be in the inner circle is increased, meaning even more gaps in the outfield giving the batter the incentive to hit the ball in the air over the top of the infield into the gaps, or even to try and hit a 6 knowing that if they miss hit it there are less outfielders who might be able to catch it. The full details of the ICC rating system is given in on wikipedia. An important aspect is that more recent matches are given a greater weighting than more distant games. 

It's nothing to do with cricket, in Australian slang 'boof' means head, typically used to refer to someone with a big head. Sometimes the term 'boofhead' is used, referring to someone big, burly and maybe a little bit stupid (or at least simple minded). To an Aussie, 'boof' is a natural nickname for someone like Darren Lehmann, who has a large bald head, is a tall man who always carried a bit of extra weight around the gut and who had a reputation as an aggressive, physical player both on and off the field. 

The ratings system used by the ICC to rate countries is a modified (simplified) form of the Elo rating systems. The basic idea behind these type of systems is that 

The ICC maintains separate ratings tables for Test Cricket, One Day cricket and T20 cricket. There are not the same number of teams in each table, since there are fewer Test playing nations than ODI and T20. 

There are certainly some bowlers who can be classed as predominantly swing bowlers and others who are mostly seam bowlers, but most medium and fast bowlers with try and utilise both techniques at different times, depending on the conditions, the batter and the state of the ball at the time. 

There is some info on wikipedia. To elaborate, a backspinner is a delivery that can be bowled by either a finger spinner or a wrist spinner and refers to any delivery in which the spin put on the ball is mainly in the 'back' direction, as opposed to a side spinner or topspinner. To be clear, the direction of spin is the same as how a ball rolling back towards the bowler would be rotating.