Yes, it's one of the "rules that exist to be broken" - if you have a good plot which requires a "special snowflake" at the very beginning, do it - it may be a reversal of the "growth" story, where a tired god seeks escape into a calm life of a common mortal, or it may be a comedy with an arrogant, handsome, rich and famous hero running face first into a situation only fit for a "commoner", or you may come up with a Machiavellian mind and display its nature through the progress - these are all exceptions, violations of the rule - a rule that says "start with someone very relatable, then put them through a grinder and show what comes out". 

As the story progresses, we observe the change of the protagonist, be it growth in strength or fall to corruption, or getting tangled with powers, or struggling to retain virtues against onslaught of temptations. By starting with someone "generic" you give yourself the most room to expand, to make the change more drastic and more meaningful. 

Think about some of the adventure stories, The Hobit, Lord of the Rings, Redwall, Game of Thrones. What makes characters stand out to you? Especially in a story like GoT where there are so many characters, what makes one stand out over another? Most of the time the bottom line of this is emotional appeal. That is how well someone can relate to that character either positively or negatively. We hated Joffrey because he reminded us of the spoiled little brat that lived down the street from us as a kid. We love Daenerys because she has a strong, motherly vibe to her and she's awesome. 

What makes a character memorable is how easily someone can relate to this character, whether by similar life stories or by personality traits (whether they are common or traits wished to have). The hard part about memorable characters is that, not everyone is going to remember a character the way you want. You might remember a character for their heroic deeds or the way their family interacted reminded you of home, where as I might remember a character because they shared the same life story and struggles. 

It sounds like your editor is really narrow minded and you may want to see another editor if they won't go farther with you unless you do a hoodie. In the end there is no such thing as being unbroken from abuse. Even at the most mild levels, it still leaves a stain on our soul. Someone may not be fully broken in every aspect of their life, but something, some part of them did break and will break. 

Get creative, think of the goal or objective of the story and then think about all the things that could prevent the MC from achieving that goal. These conflicts can still easily fit into your "no fighting" mentality. You just have to approach from a different definition of conflict. creep up on (someone) without being detected. "he sneaks up on us slyly" Ultimately, you want to make each character well rounded and have a good deep development. If all we knew of Aragorn is that he was some guy who lived in the woods, fought, and then became king, his character would be fairly dull. By adding in background information, mystery, and character development even within the story, his character then becomes more in depth, more relatable, and in turn more memorable. Watch someone who has endured a decade of abuse and learn their ins and outs, understand that even something as simple as looking at them, even in a loving way, could cause them to go into an anxiety attack if you look too long. Writing about psychological abuse is not going to be easy. As someone who is with someone who's previous was psychologically and physically abusive, it's a state of mind. It's something you have to feel and experience to understand. I will leave you with a quote she told me when she first met me, describing what simply meeting me meant to her: 

synonyms: creep, slink, steal, slip, slide, sidle, edge, move furtively, tiptoe, pussyfoot, pad, prowl I have to agree that you might want to seek a second opinion with this one. A hoodie doesn't designate sneaking around. Just because, as Nzall showed in their answer, that Assasin's Creed uses it as such. Sneaking is designated by posture more so than anything with clothing. In a comedy, sneaking is usually done where they are on their tip-toes, doing some silly antics. 

In a more serious setting, they are usually crawling, or low to the ground and crouching. 

If I put a hoodie up while sitting down to hide my face, does that mean I am sneaking? No, it means I am hiding, so what defines sneaking then? 

This means that, as in your story where every person looks quite different and unique, no one would generally comment on it, as for them it is not out of place. However, they may comment on something that is out of place for them, and explain why it's out of place. 

If you're writing from the perspective of a character, remember that they would only notice things that they would be likely to notice. So they would not think about or be amazed at things that they are used to, but the reader is not. 

Ever heard the phrase 'honest-to-a-fault'? Even the most noble and virtuous of attributes can become weaknesses if they are improperly moderated. For example, seeing a group of people who look similar and explaining "I've never seen so many people who look so alike before..." would get across to the reader that most people are supposed to look quite different. This means that the need for awkward exposition, such as "everyone looked incredibly different and individual, as expected," is completely bypassed.