As you may be able to make out in the picture, I do ride this bike in the rain. The Kojaks grip wet pavement as well as the conventionally treaded tires on my touring bike, possibly better. I would avoid snow and ice, but wet isn't a problem. I would swap out the tires on my touring bike, but I do take that on gravel paths from time to time, and I'd like some tread for that! Edit: I'm at least half retro-grouch touring cyclist, so take this with a grain of salt! I'm a non-racer, saddle-level-with-the-handlebars-for-comfort cyclist. The reason I use clips and straps is that a lot of energy is expended simply keeping the balls of your feet centered on the pedals. If you don't believe me, try pedaling exclusively with clips and straps until you're used to them, then remove them. You'll find that your feet keep slipping off the pedals. This demonstrates that you were expending effort to keep your feet on-target. When fixed can be a giant disadvantage While there are times you can fly on a fixed gear, depending on your environment and terrain it can also be a massive disadvantage. 55 km is a fast pace, which suggests he is pushing some big gear-inches. If you had any big climbs on your ride, or strong head winds, this gearing would likely be a massive suffer fest. It can take time and practice for beginners to develop the "killer" instinct needed for success, so don't get discouraged if a chosen strategy doesn't work first time out. Sometimes you just have to keep throwing mud at the wall to get some to stick. If you need to go faster you will often use your drops more in an endurance fit. In a performance fit, many find the drops too low to use except in moments of all out sprints or pursuits. In contrast in an endurance fit I find myself in my drops about 50% of the time while riding a constant pace. Sometimes the larger frames can feel funny at first, but I find it doesn't take long before you get used to it and I think part of this is the result of too many people are on bikes that are too small chasing a "pro" look. Edit: I'm at least half retro-grouch touring cyclist, so take this with a grain of salt! I'm a non-racer, saddle-level-with-the-handlebars-for-comfort cyclist. The other answers covered this quite well, but I can speak from recent personal experience. I got a Bike Friday Tikit with skinny, treadless Kojak tires earlier this year, and I had the same concerns you do -- should I ride in the rain or not? The answer "so you can pull up on the pedals" makes good sense, but I don't buy it. I don't pull up on the pedals unless I'm climbing a steep, sudden hill. I suspect many, many cyclists don't pedal with full efficiency on the flats. (This is my gut feeling, I have no proof or numbers on this. I remember seeing a study that agreed with this, but I also recall that it was limited in such a way as to cast doubt on the data.) Just get ready for the wiseacres who'll kid you about those "worn-out" tires! (I got that almost every day at work in the elevator as I carried my folded bike upstairs.)