Czechoslovakia was a single country – the U.K. is just "vaguely affiliated" through the EU. So the U.K. departure could be expected to be simpler, not harder, than the Czechoslovak Velvet Divorce. 

In practice, the departure could be and should be much faster than David Cameron wants to suggest. The negotiations about the dissolution of Czechoslovakia only began after elections in mid 1992 and everything was absolutely ready by the end of the year 1992 – in less than 6 months – and new countries were fully created on January 1st, 1993. The exodus of cash from Slovakia caused concerns so the currencies had to be divided as well, just 6 weeks later, and it basically took just days of instant planning. But they can only use "unofficial" methods to persuade, pressure, threaten the U.K. by ad hoc sanctions etc. to act quickly, not any "standard" procedure. From the viewpoint of the EU law, the result of the U.K. referendum means absolutely nothing. As far as the EU laws are concerned, the British government could very well ignore the result of the referendum, too. 

The longer time is spent by the departure of the U.K. from the EU, the more this debate about the departure will be on the political radar of everybody which naturally makes the advocates of other "exits" more visible and important. 

In fact, even within the U.K., the referendum is officially just an advisory one and its result will only become binding once it's confirmed by the U.K. Parliament. And there exist various efforts to organize new referendums about the return of the U.K. to the EU, separation of London and Scotland, and several other things, so things could be a bit ambiguous for a while. 

If Cameron thought that the successor shouldn't have this freedom to acknowledge or dismiss the referendum, he would begin the departure process himself. So it's possible that after some time, it becomes "politically acceptable" to ignore the referendum and Cameron's successor will actually do so. It would clearly mean that Cameron's pledge of the referendum and the referendum itself will have been a fraudulent game. To some extent, it's already now. If Cameron were decent and respectful towards the referendum, he would send the letter himself and either start the process of the departure, or immediately resign to allow someone else to do the work. Whether a country is "in" or "out" an organization like the EU isn't a vague question as you suggest, something one may be fuzzy about. The answer is and has to be absolutely clear because lots of legal and political decisions and rules depend on it. The map of the EU is absolutely clear and well-defined – check e.g. Wikipedia – and every informed person knows the list of members. That will be true at every moment in the future, too. Britain's being out will have numerous consequences. It won't really pay a "membership fee". A deal between the U.K. and EU may force the U.K. to pay some money – just like Norway pays some money – but this money has no reason to be exactly as high as you propose. The fee, if any, will be a result of bilateral negotiations between Brussels and London, not a result of unilateral dictate from Brussels. And one cannot call this contribution a "membership fee" because a membership fee may only be collected from members and Britain that is "out" is by definition a non-member. It's similar to a boyfriend who is rejected by a girlfriend and wants to stay active. He may want to get rid of the memories as soon as possible because they may prevent him from finding a new girlfriend etc. 

Everyone has realized how strong the voters in many countries actually are and that the Euroskepticism is very real. It is reasonable to expect that this newly discovered power of the Euroskeptics won't be forgotten. The Brits have created a precedent that won't go away. So in practice, it doesn't really matter how quickly the U.K. leaves the union. It's totally plausible that the U.K. will continue to be a full member for a long time with the extra advantage that it may send the "Article 50" letter at any moment and it may use this threat as a powerful weapon. This situation is clearly a defect in the EU law that no one has been prepared for. But there are many other, more serious defects in the EU law so one shouldn't overstate the importance of this particular glitch. If the U.K. is fully removed from the EU soon, the EU officials may try to quickly restore the old "business-as-usual" pretending that nothing serious has happened, no changes in the EU are necessary, the U.K. has de facto never belonged to the EU so it's not a big deal, and the EU should continue along the pre-Brexit path. Britain's being out will have moderately far-reaching consequences on many policies. In particular, only Britain itself will be deciding how to control the immigration and lots of other aspects of the Brits' life – whether strong vacuum cleaners or light bulbs or double deckers may be used, sold, and produced. In particular, tens of thousands of EU laws and regulations won't apply to Britain. Some of them may have similar British counterparts, some of the EU laws may be adopted "completely" in Britain, but this adoption will be in no way automatic and in practice, the bulk of the law just won't be valid in the U.K.