The Influence of the Cold War Other sources talk about the desire of the US to take a gentle approach to Spain in order to bring her into the fold of a Western Alliance to defend against Communism. The US military found the prospect of a war and national uprising in Spain dubious saying: The question of whether Spain counted as an Axis satellite state is one which was hotly debated in 1944 and 1945. This is the crux of the question. On August 21, 1945, Harry Daghlian was conducting experiments with the cores just below critical mass. He slipped and dropped a brick of tungsten carbide into the test assembly making the core briefly super-critical. He quickly pulled the brick away with his bare hand but had already received a lethal dose. He died 25 days later. Source "Busting the Bocage: American Combined Arms Operations in France 6 June--31 July 1944" by Captain Michael D. Doubler Japan imported most of its oil from conquered territories, primarily the Dutch East Indies (aka Indonesia) but also smaller amounts came from Formosa (Taiwan), China, and Burma. Many of these plants and fields were damaged by their defenders and it took years to get them back to near full production. Japan also had a concession from the USSR to mine on Sakhalin Island which continued to be honored, though the amount of oil was very small. But it never was enough. Without US oil, their imports were slashed in half. The Germans had E-boats, small, fast, expendable torpedo boats, and in some quantity. And, like a submarine, they were also extremely vulnerable to any real warship. Their short range precludes them from being used in this operation. Spain is staunchly neutral, and the south of France and Morocco are Vichy French territory who can still deny the Germans from using their ports. Battleship and heavy cruiser hulls were designed to withstand large caliber armor piercing shells usually as large as their own guns. The USS Iowa had over a foot of armor designed to stop a 16 inch armor piercing shell weighing 2500 lbs moving at 1000 mph. In contrast, it's deck was "only" 7.5". This was done to save weight. The trade off was considered acceptable as long range plunging fire and aircraft bombs had less penetrating power.