The above extract is a subset of a longer discourse beginning in article 2258 about life and not taking innocent life, per the Fifth commandment, which then goes to abortion and euthanasia and suicide and more. The "before I formed you in the womb" stands out, when combined with earlier articles in the Catechism that presents the soul: 

The authors' bias presents a post hoc criticism and dishonestly presents the teaching of the Church in presenting the basis of your question. While the Catholic Church teaches that Holy Tradition and Holy Scripture have been bound together since the beginning, the authors' statement presents the view, that Scripture (which they as sola scriptura advocates hold as separate from Tradition) is being denigrated as insufficient. Yet the church does not use the term "insufficient" for Scripture. 

"and [Holy] Tradition transmits in its entirety the Word of God which has been entrusted to the apostles by Christ the Lord and the Holy Spirit. It transmits it to the successors of the apostles so that, enlightened by the Spirit of truth, they may faithfully preserve, expound and spread it abroad by their preaching." 

I recommend reading the extended treatment of "Veneration of Images" at the Catholic Encyclopedia online. 

The assertion being made is much like asserting that the Soldiers aren't really the Army, but that the Generals are. As such, it takes on the character of a false dichotomy and is a flawed premise, since the Church as it exists isn't an either-or proposition. It is a both proposition. The two bodies require each other. (I am not sure if symbiosis is the proper term here for the relationship). 

The Church's position is that God instituted marriage as part of the divine order, not as a mechanism for "romantic freedom." (That term, that concept, isn't within the church's framework). Since the Church only recognizes marriage as being between a man and a woman who enter into the sacrament as an act of free will(CCC 1625-1629), same sex marriage doesn't fit into any category -- by the doctrinal definition of marriage. Any attempt at that will fit into the various disordered acts in the "sins against chastity." So too is any marriage between a man and woman that the church holds as invalid. (The old term for that is "living in sin" but the concept is alive and well!). People go through the process to convalidate their marriages each year in our diocese due to there being some defect or other (usually "we got married by a Justice of the Peace..."). The current rule is that sex between cohabiting man and woman who have not yet convalidated their marriage is a mortal sin --a sin against Chastity. 

If your are still comfortable reciting more Catholic prayers you could say the prayers Commending the Soul to God. 

Queen Victoria’s Privy Council Dress, circa 1837 

This link I hope, can get the idea of where I am coming from. http://blog.adw.org/2013/11/on-the-purgative-illuminative-and-unitive-stages-of-spiritual-life-as-seen-in-a-cartoon/ 

Whilst I suggest that it is an error to interpret Innocent’s violaceus as intending only the color violet as we recognize it today, it should also be noted that his treatise in a separate section (Chapter 32) discusses the use of the Mosaic colors (cf Exodus 28:5) scarlet, flax-gold, blue and purple, the latter which Innocent describes as signifying the authority and royal dignity of a bishop. In short, purpura still had the connotation of prestige in the time of Innocent III (quite distinct from a penitential use). 

Maybe the pope would like to retain some of his Eastern heritage. I don't know, I think that would be up to him. - Ask A Catholic 

"You shall not make any cuttings in your flesh on account of the dead or tattoo any marks upon you: I am the Lord" (Lev. 19:28). 

Pope Leo XIII preferred the Bible to be read literally at all times, but accepted that this would not always be possible. He made specific exceptions for cases where: 

As we can see, the Church holds that the soul is not part of physical evolution, not having been inherited from our parents. The first parents to have souls were Adam and Eve, whether they were the first of creation or evolved from previous soul-less hominids. Only Adam and Eve, and their successors can look forward to salvation, because only we have a soul. 

Francis A. Sullivan SJ says, in From Apostles to Bishops, page 15: 

One source says that Professor John Walker, of Sydney University, had confirmed that the material given to him was human flesh. Sydney University publishes a list of academic staff and, although it reports no Professor John Walker, it appears that a Dr. John Walker had been on the University faculty until 1987, nine years before the supposed miracle, but he worked in medical parasitology. The late Professor Frederick Zugibe is also credited with having tested the specimen and verified that it came from a living heart. This important investigation is not found in any of the biographies that I have found on Zugibe. 

John W. O’Malley, S.J. says, in A History of the Popes, page 8, that there is no single piece of evidence that tells us unambiguously that Peter ever went to Rome. He cites Peter's reference to 'Babylon' in 1 Peter 5:13 as potential evidence for Peter's presence in Rome, because 'Babylon' became a Christian euphemism for Rome. Although Fr. O’Malley acknowledges that Peter may not have been the real author of this epistle, he believes that Peter was its inspiration, yet overlooks that any reference to ‘Babylon’ is an anachronism before 70 CE. 

Apostolic succession is a fundamental principle, as the authority of the pope rests not only on the claim that Peter went to Rome and led the church there, but on the further claim that there is an unbroken chain of successors in Rome, from Peter to the present day. Tradition says that Linus took office as bishop of Rome while Peter was still alive, serving from 55 to 67.