If I were you, I would get a used aluminum FS. I wouldn't mess with a used carbon bike, that can be risky. 

Now, instead of bailing out, give a light pull on the rear brake lever. The first time you do this, the front wheel will probably slam down uncomfortably. Keep doing it until you can save yourself from going over backwards but not so abruptly that you can't continue the wheelie. 

I tried to keep a low profile. I didn't have trouble keeping up with them, but I didn't "take a turn at the front" because I wasn't sure I was welcome. 

Staying seated cannot be stressed enough. A wheelie is not a manual, learn the difference. When you're getting started with wheelies it might help confidence and control to lower your seat a bit, but make sure you still have the power to pop the front wheel high. 

I completely disagree with Jobst Brandt's theory. Bracing your arms against hard braking is of course necessary, but it's completely instinctive, and therefore not a problem. What's not instinctive is 1. using your front brake, and 2. shifting your weight back. Your goal should be to make those instinctive too. 

A front suspension makes learning much more pleasant. It makes landing so much more comfortable. 

They didn't seem to acknowledge my presence at all (which was fine with me), except for one guy who cast a glance at my bike (a mtb). 

Brand and model really doesn't matter if you know your components. If you have no clue how to identify good components, you should stick with big, well-known brands like Trek, Cannondale, Giant, Specialized, etc. 

Doing wheelies on a long climb is a great way to practice while reducing the monotony. And you don't have to use the brakes to slow yourself down for the next wheelie. 

Put your bike in first gear. Ride very slowly, then give a (small but sharp) upwards jerk on the bars as you do a hard downstroke on one of the pedals. Stay seated. You should have the power to pass the "tipping point". When you do, put your feet down so you don't fall on your butt. 

Learn to feather the rear brake. 

At 1.5k it has to be a hardtail. Rear suspensions need to be done right to be worth having in the first place. If I was a long-travel guy (I'm not) I would start looking at FS bikes once my budget passed 2k. 

For me, it's pulling hard on the front brake, with my rear end well behind the seat. Ideally my rear wheel will be a couple inches off the ground the whole time. Actually achieving this is virtually impossible, but it should be the goal. 

As to the frame, 1.5k would get you a cheap/heavy carbon frame or a top quality aluminum frame. I'd go aluminum. 

The above assumes that you are buying new... I would consider buying used. 

Is this acceptable behavior? I sure wouldn't mind, but I'm not a religious roadie :D 

The benefit of this is that when you suddenly have to do an emergency stop, you will instinctively do the best possible thing. 

The braking technique you should use is a "light" version of whatever can haul you to a stop the quickest. Every time you come to a stoplight, or are reducing speed on a descent, use your front brake and push your rear end a little further back (or whatever technique works best for you). You don't have to brake hard. Just connect those motions in your mind by doing it every time.