Is my premise correct? Why are voting advice applications not more commonly used? 

Looking at the list, the lists are numbered as follows: 

In the US, Super PACs may not make contributions to candidate campaigns or parties, but may engage in unlimited political spending independently of the campaigns (quote from Wikipedia). However, the Super PAC Restore our Future was created to support Mitt Romney, and Priorities USA Action was created to support Barack Obama. Is the ban on coordination between Super PACs and candidates effective in preventing conflicts of interest should the candidate win political power? 

Lokaal in de Kamer, 15 constituencies JEZUS LEEFT, 7 constituencies StemNL, 9 constituencies MenS en Spirit / Basisinkomen Partij / V-R, 2 constituencies There appears to be a contradiction between the explanation of how lists are numbered (descending order number of constituencies), and the order between lists 25 and 26. Why did JEZUS LEEFT receive a lower list number than StemNL despite participating in fewer constituencies? 

(for details on each party, follow the links from the wiki-page linked above) 

US Presidential elections are indirect: the people vote for an electoral college and the electoral college votes for the President. States assign electors in a winner-takes-all manner (either state-wide or per district), which leads to the campaign being focussed on swing states. In United Kingdom parliamentary elections, each constituency elects one MP in a first-past-the-post system. Many constituencies are virtually certain to remain with a particular party (safe seats). 

Article II, Sec. 1 states that the qualifications for President are as follows: 

Additionally, the 20th and 25th amendments establish a line of succession upon death or disability of the President while in office, but do not affect the actual qualifications to be elected. 

To require any other kind of qualification for the office would require a constitutional amendment. It could not be imposed as a simple matter of law. 

Additionally, a lot of rhetoric has been stirred up regarding candidates' past financial dealings, causing some candidates to disclose their federal tax returns. 

In recent years, Presidential candidates have been subjected to increased scrutiny regarding their age and health. Concerns over John McCain's age and an alleged cover-up of Hillary Clinton's deteriorating health have made news cycles. Bernie Sanders' age has also been cited as a concern. 

Nowhere in the Constitution does it require the President to undergo any kind of medical examination to qualify for office. 

All of these issues, however, are a matter of political wrangling, not a matter of law. The Constitution makes no requirement for any qualification beyond what is outlined above. 

While anyone meeting the criteria to be an MP (be over 18 and a UK, Irish or Commonwealth citizen and not be otherwise disqualified) can run for election in a constituency by collecting enough signatures and paying a deposit, to run in the name of a party, you must be selected by them. In the case of the Conservatives, candidates are selected by the local constituency Association from a shortlist approved by a central candidates committee. 

You might also like to consider that the largest parliamentary constituency in the UK is Ross, Skye and Lochaber at about 12,000 square kilometres, whereas the largest Canadian federal riding is Nunavut at about 2,093,190 square kilometres. There's no reason to suppose the most rational counting scheme for one is also the most rational for the other. 

As a new and unknown candidate, it's more likely you'd be put up in an opposition safe seat than a safe Conservative seat or an easily winnable marginal, but as the losers of the 1992 General Election in North West Durham will attest, that doesn't mean you'll never make it as an MP. 

Under the current rules a new candidate for the Labour leadership requires the support of 20% of Labour MPs and MEPs (members of the European parliament). This would equate to 50 signatures from 230 MPs and 20 MEPs. There appears to be some uncertainty as to whether this is also true for an incumbent. The difficulty apparently comes down to rule Rule 4.2.ii of the Labour party rule book which states that when a party leader faces a challenge “any nomination must be supported by 20 per cent of the Commons members of the PLP. Nominations not attaining this threshold shall be null and void” but doesn't make clear whether this applies only to the challenger(s) or not.