Is this an act of worship related to the religion? Yes. Did the Prophet ﷺ and his rightly-guided caliphs do so? No, not in the current fashion (the Prophet fasted Mondays, and no scholar ever said that those who fast Mondays are innovators). Did the same requirements exist then as they exist now? Yes, no difference. Were there any obstacles that stopped the Prophet ﷺ and his companions from doing said act? None, as basically similar celebrations to what takes place today, could have taken place then. If the Prophet ﷺ did not celebrate his birthday (other than fasting on Mondays), then who ordained to them to celebrate otherwise: 

I could not find any specific relevance through authentic hadiths to the age ("teach your children"), or to swimming. I hope others may be able to shed some light on these two points. 

Other similar hadiths that are not authentic There were several other hadiths attributed to the Prophet with a similar meaning to your original quote, but not the exact words. None of these hadiths are authentic. Here are some for your reference, in case you come across them elsewhere. 

— NOTE: My own translation, so treat with care: 

— NOTE: My own translation, so treat with care: 

He then left, and we followed him until he got to one of those circles. He then stopped and asked: "What is it that I see you doing?" They responded: "O' Aba Abdur-Rahmān, these are pebbles with which we count our takbirs, tahlils and tasbihs." He said: "Then count your sins [with the pebbles], for I can guarantee that you will not lose any of your good deeds. Woe to you, O' nation of Mohammad. How quick is your demise? These are his companions still alive around you, and those are his clothes still not worn out, and his pottery still unbroken. With whom my soul is in His hand, you are more guided in your religion than the guidance of Mohammad ﷺ, or you are opening the doors of going astray." They said: "By Allah, O' Aba Abdur-Rahmān, we only wanted what is good." He responded: "And how many of those who aim for what is good miss it? The Prophet ﷺ told us about a group of people that recite the Qur'an but it does not reach their tracheas. By Allah, I do not know if most of you are from this group." 

This establishes that the hadiths in general, including the ones related to the stoning of married adulterers in specific, when authenticated, are treated as revelations from Allah ﷻ. So, it is natural that the Prophet ﷺ and his companions followed Allah's commands, be it through the Book or through the wisdom. 

Al Baihaqi mentioned in "The Proofs of Prophethood" that in the battle of Uhud, when ibn Qamee'a claimed to have killed the Prophet, a muhajir (unnamed) saw a bleeding ansari (unnamed) and asked him if the Prophet was killed. The ansari replied, "If Muhammad was killed, he will have already informed us of his [full] message, so fight to defend your religion." 

The long hadith you are referring to was documented by Al-Tabari in his book History of the Prophets and Kings is partially quoted below for reference: 

The Prophet (ﷺ) here shows the blind man that all supplication should be to Allah (see Qur'an 40:60), and he asks Allah to accept the supplication of the Prophet (ﷺ) (by virtue of the intercession of Muhammad), which the blind man had already specified before (Pray to Allah to heal me). The power of intercession is only for Allah to grant (see Qur'an 43:86), hence the supplication was to Allah (O Allah, I ask of You and I turn my face towards You) to accept the intercession. 

There were other versions through Jabbir ibn ‘Abdullah, Abu Rafee’, and ibn Abi Al Dunya, all of which are weak or worse. 

The verse tells us that death is destined and decreed by Allah: time, place, and method. This applies to all humans, whether prophets, messengers, or otherwise. 

For the sake of mentioning other opinions about Ibn Humaid, some scholars considered him weak but without further elaborations (e.g., Ad-Dāraqutni, Ibn Hajar, Adh-Dhahabi, and Al-Bukhāri), other scholars considered some of his hadiths acceptable — depending on whom said hadiths were narrated through — (e.g., Ibn Hibbān and Ibn Hanbal), while others considered him acceptable at large (e.g., Abu Ya'lā, Yahya ibn Ma'īn, Ja'far ibn Yamīn at-Tayālisi, Mohammad ibn Yahyā adh-Dhohli). 

In the history of the compilation and documentation of the Qur'an: 

Relevance of horse riding and archery Having said that, there are other authentic hadiths about horse riding and archery in several contexts. 

As for the "complete and perfect now" part of the question, Surat Al-Ma'idah 5:3 says exactly so: "This day I have perfected for you your religion and completed My favor upon you and have approved for you Islam as religion." This verse was revealed on the day of the Farewell Sermon given by the Prophet ﷺ on the 9th of Dhu al-Hijjah, 10 AH: