As such there was a concerted effort to eradicate their culture, and convert the Indians to the European-American cultural package of English, Christianity, and agriculture. Particularly in the 19th and early 20th century there was a philosophy among Americans and Western Europeans that along with the benefits of having a more powerful and advanced culture came a responsibility to bring those benefits to the rest of the world that was clearly saddled with inferior cultures. (Some would argue this attitude persists largely unchanged today). For example, a quick perusal of this Civil Rights Chronology will show you that after the US Supreme Court ruled segregated public schools illegal, it was 3 full years before Little Rock, AR integrated theirs (and then the black schoolkids required armed protection from the US Army to get into the building). Then it was another 23 years later that the courts ruled it was legitimate to effect this by letting kids attend schools outside of their segregated neighborhoods. Housing discrimination, which enforced this neighborhood segregation, was still nominally legal until the Civil Rights act of 1968. However, integrated neighborhoods were still discouraged, both by real-estate agents and by irate neighbors. In Tulsa I lived in an integrated neighborhood in the mid 1970's, but it was the only one. So, they could not have lived at the White House for more than 2 months (late August to late October). It was probably rather less. From late 1940 until 1945 the family lived in a house on a 105-acre estate named "Pook's Hill," in Bethesda. Several sites state that they lived there from October 1940, but do not quote sources. They were certainly living there by 12 November 1940, when the Pittston Gazette, and other newspapers, reported that President Roosevelt had visited for tea after laying the cornerstone of a new naval medical building at Bethesda. Pipe Workers The wider upheavals described above seem to have had much less impact on pipe-workers. Even as late as 1910, Fitch would observe that: The penalty handed down to Oakey Ferguson in this case of "one year on road" meant serving a year working in a NC road gang. Article 2 of the United States Constitution states that: Some environmentally-concerned parents have been going back to cloth recently (although in my experience, parents typically don't do this for second or subsequent children) As for this being a public school history education, that's kind of a sore subject. In the USA, K-12 textbooks have to get approved by state boards. Often these bodies are filled with idealogues who only signed up for this otherwise dull task because they have specific things they want taught (regardless of what the facts may be). Thus grade K-12 History textbooks tend to have flat out wrong things forced into them. Uncomfortable subjects (like the intense class warfare of the 19th Century) get ignored altogether. The best I can say about the result is that teachers typically make it so dull that at least kids don't learn most of the wrong stuff being taught. There is debate about whether the US administration would have liked to see Saddam toppled as well. Colin Powell claims in his memoirs that the intention was always to leave him in place, as a bulwark against Iran. However, various public statements made by President Bush led many people inside Iraq to (incorrectly) believe the US would support popular uprisings, with very unfortunate results. The administration of his son (GW Bush), certianly believed this was a mistake. Bessemer Men and Open-Hearth Operatives In 1886, Andrew Carnegie had stated that: The Norwegian Royal family had been invited to the US by President Roosevelt. As such they would have been considered to be his guests. They would probably have been invited to the White House fairly often. He certainly seems to have visited them fairly often. Lincoln's brother-in-law also notified the chairman of the Illinois State Whig Executive Committee, A.G. Henry, about Lincoln's decision. Henryy wrote to Secretary Ewing on 24 September 1849. He said that Lincoln: Cayley's aeroplane was a glider (or "convertiplane" as he termed it). The pilot was a 10 year-old child (whose name has been lost to history). The programme offered by the Girl Guides was radically different from those being proposed by other organisations for girls at that time. For example, the precursors of the Girls' Brigade had the goal of: Firstly the strategic reasons, in the context of the early stages of the Cold War. The aim was to create stability in Western Europe, while undermining Soviet influence in the East. At the same time, American economic aid would help counter the perceived strength of Moscow-controlled communist parties in France and Italy.