When you register a copyright, you make that work publicly available through the Library of Congress. 

(ii) ADULT CHILD COVERAGE.—For plan years beginning before January 1, 2014, the provisions of section 2714 of the Public Health Service Act [...] 

(Note: No one is asking the rich to pay 100% of their income over a certain level, but this question is about whether the budget deficit is theoretically addressable without major spending cuts). 

I don't think I have ever heard the term applied to statements on the left. Supposedly racists can understand a hidden meaning or applied to the Christian right, but the majority of voters cannot hear when certain phrases are used. 

This hypothetical person wants neither the protection of the state nor the services provided by it. [...] this person would wish not to do: pay taxes, invest in social security, purchase healthcare, obey the police. 

The Health and Human Services Department is ultimately responsible, in their final regulations. Those regulations determined precisely what could be modified without a health plan losing it's grandfathered status. Senate Democrats modified the rules of the Senate, invoking the nuclear option 

The Library of Congress acquired the entire Twitter database recently. Section 1401.: to exclude them from tax credits 

The House, not believing that the Exeutive Branch has the authority to rewrite legislation passed H.R. 2667 Authority for Mandate Delay Act which would delay the mandate for businesses, and H.R. 2668 Fairness for American Families Act which would delay the individual mandate. 

(ii) Those provisions of section 2711 relating to lifetime limits. There is no court case that has found the 'right to recall' a Congressional Representitive. 

Diversity: Code word for promotion of non-white people and cultures, racial quotas, affirmative action. Consider that same sex marriage has come up on the ballot at least 34 times , and it failed 32 times. 

The exemptions for libraries and archives don't seem to exempt the LOC. 

If #1 > #2, what amount and % of deficit is not covered? Non-citizens who do not work in/for the US do not pay Social Security or Income Tax. You could chose one of the professions that is exempt from these taxes and reside in the US, but that would require you obey police officers. 

The Republican Party dominance lasted until the repeal of Prohibition. Both Democrats and Republicans helped pass Prohibition, which was a major cause of the Progressive Movement, but the wet Democrats repealed it. The other major Progressive cause was Woman's Suffrage, that the Republicans heavily supported. The President's remarks at the GOP House Issues Conference in Baltimore seem to indicate that he was specifically speaking about provisions that were in the bill that they were working on eliminating, but couldn't without going back to the floor of Congress. He gives as an example, the pledge that you can keep the health insurance you have, as a pledge that was violated by a provision of the Affordable Care Act.