I remember playing championship manager way back in 99 and the Brazilian league was split into two different championships and I noticed that the league in Argentina is similar. They both have different names (Apertura and Claustura I think) and I was wondering what the reasoning behind this decision is? Are they considered separate to each other or does your final position in one affect your starting position in the second league? Essentially it hasn't been introduced by UEFA because the top brass don't support it because of the financial cost. Platini says: Never heard of a team actually doing this though. Would be interesting to see what Fifa would do if a team won 4-0 and decided to forfeit the 2nd leg so they could go through. I guess in most cases the money lost by not playing the game is a deterrent. If the goal difference at the end of the match is greater than three, the result on the pitch is upheld. This is what I found on forfeits over two legs; according to fifa. I've found more info from Uefa where if a team refuses to play a match then they forfeit that game and face elimination from the competition. I think this relates more to your question. Second mention (Page 126, Interpretation of the Laws of the Game, Law 12 - Fouls and Misconduct): For the Fucile-Sanchez foul, that was called a foul because the referee deemed it a reckless challenge. It's hard to see on the replays I've seen, but it looks like Fucile comes in and lifts his trailing leg up, thus catching Sanchez's feet between his two legs. This can be very dangerous for the player's ankles. That's my guess as to why the card was given. As you can see, none of the fouls have anything to do with the ball. Many fans will claim that if a player gets the ball they can do no wrong, but that is not part of the rules. In the Law of the Game there is actually no mention about getting to the ball first when in reference to a foul. The rules actually don't say anything about formations. The only thing they say is that there are 11 players per side - one of which is designated a goalkeeper, and that if a team drops below 7 players the match cannot start/continue (source: IFAB Law 3: The Players.) As the wikipedia article says (at least now, Fillet's seems to say it was recently updated), a two-footed tackle is only penalized if it is careless, reckless or made with excessive force - the same language in the first rulebook citation above. The answer to whether these calls were "good" or not will likely be different depending on which team you're rooting for! Being impartial, I think the second call is a very good one. The first I think would be a good no-call (though, as I said, I think a foul was called against Neuer, which I would disagree with). So a two-footed tackle itself is not illegal. It's only illegal if it is careless, reckless or made with excessive force. The reason why two-footed tackles are often punished is because they are more likely to be careless/reckless. The big danger is that you catch the other player's feet/ankles between your legs, which can easily lead to a sprain, twisted ankle, or (less easily, but most dangerous) broken ankle. For this reason, many players will tuck back one of their legs when attempting a slide tackle - both for a cleaner tackle and for the safety of the other player.