God, being omniscient, knows all human languages. This means that he has no trouble communicating with the Hebrews in Hebrew, or with you and me in whatever our native tongues may be. So why make it more difficult than it has to be, especially given people's tendency to get his commandments all wrong even when they're spelled out in perfect plainness? This is why murder, harm to innocent children and certain sexual sins are considered particularly grievous: once done, they cannot be undone! If I steal from my neighbor, I can give back what I stole, but if I kill him, that's final, and so very difficult to repent of and find forgiveness for. There's a parallel to be found in the Day of Pentecost, where the Gift of Tongues was dramatically made manifest as the Apostles preached their sermon. People from a wide variety of nations and regions were present, and all heard the sermon in their own language. But remember that these were people who had traveled to Jerusalem. It's not at all unreasonable to assume that most of them knew at least enough Hebrew (or whatever language was commonly in use at Jerusalem at the time) to get by. And yet, the Lord gave them the message in the language that they were most familiar with, to facilitate effective communication. ** It is important, however, not to understand the Catholic Church’s necessity for salvation so extremely as to fall into rigorism. The Church does indeed teach that “outside the Church there is no salvation” (see CCC 846), but the Church also insists that those who are outside the visible confines of the Church through no fault of their own still have the opportunity for salvation. We are not speaking here of Jesus Christ in his human nature. Naturally, Jesus does, and did, experience human emotions in his human nature: that is part and parcel of being fully human. Because the Person of Jesus is the very Divine Son, we can correctly say that God experiences human emotion in Jesus’ human nature. (See Catechism of the Catholic Church 467-469.) The question, however, is whether God can experience emotions in His Divine Nature, and the answer must be “no,” because we can demonstrate that the Divine Nature is unchanging. It is misleading to say that the Persons “share” the Divine Will, because that would seem to imply that its use is “distributed” among the Persons—like when people share a sandwich. In fact, the Persons are perfectly identical in every respect except relation of origin—hence, despite being a Trinity of Persons, they make only a single use of the Divine Will. The Persons, however, are really distinct from one another, and what distinguishes them is their relationship to one another (and they are distinguishible only in this respect). The Father begets the Son; the Son is begotten of the Father; the Father and the Son (or, in the Eastern conception, the Father through the Son) spirate the Holy Spirit; and the Holy Spirit proceeds from the Father and the Son (or—in the Eastern formulation—the Spirit has his ultimate origin in the Father, but receives the Divine Essence through the Son). (See CCC 254-255.) This type of imperfect understanding is evident in the passage in which God rescues the People of Israel from Egypt. Consider what God is said to have done to the Pharaoh: Regarding the names of the Persons: why “Holy Spirit” if all the Persons are “spirit”? However, it is fitting that the Third Person of the Trinity should be given the name of Spirit by attribution. Some of God’s attributes are particularly apt for one of the Persons of the Trinity. For example, Creator is especially apt as a name for the Father, because of the obvious similarity between the Father’s begetting of the Son and His creation of the universe. However, in reality, both Son and Spirit are just as much Creator as the Father. It follows that God wants all men to have access to the means of salvation, which is the Church. However, God’s Fatherhood, in the order of being, is eternal and independent of His creatures. The relation proper to the Father is called generation (see CCC No. 254) or Fatherhood. This type of fatherhood is, of course, the very first in the order of being, and all creaturely fatherhood partakes in this one. However in the order of knowledge, the question becomes, “What means did God have at His disposal in order to reveal His Divine Fatherhood to us”? God, as I have mentioned, is ineffable; hence even when He reveals Himself to us, He must make use of those aspects of reality that resemble Him. Indeed, things resemble Him precisely because they are effects of His creative power. (As Aquinas puts it, omne agens agit sibi simile, every agent produces an effect similar to itself; for instance, fire makes other things hot. See, e.g., S.Th. Ia, q. 44, a. 2 arg. 3.) It is possible for us to change our emotional state to some degree, but even that entails a change from one state to another. It follows that they have the very same powers—in other words, the Divine Intellect and the Divine Will are perfectly identical for all three Persons (indeed, identical with the Divine Essence, as noted above). Father, Son, and Holy Spirit are perfectly identical in every respect except relation Therefore, except with respect to relation, in every other respect the Persons of the Holy Trinity are perfectly identical: As the Catechism explains, human fatherhood is an image of or participation in God’s Fatherhood: In the Old Testament, God is referred to numerous times as “Father,” although the name of Father never clearly acquires a meaning beyond the metaphorical. For example, there is Deuteronomy 32:6: