The game guide shows new legendary potions that are infinite use with a special effect. Where can I get one? Shield - Impervious to damage for 30 seconds. Conduit - Lightning zaps your surroundings for 30 seconds. (Does a LOT of damage) Power - All attacks do +400% damage for 30 seconds. Speed - Maximum run speed for 30 seconds. Channeling - All resource costs and are removed for 30 seconds and cooldown is vastly decreased. To summarize, using a shield is a lot more defensive oriented, and thus provides the most survivability in late inferno acts (3+ and ponies). Not to mention finding a good shield is a heck lot cheaper than finding a good 1 hander with high damage, ias, stats, and LoH. You might be able to get away with duel wielding up to act 2, but I wouldn't expect you to last long beyond that unless you have godly gear and weapons. These new cursed chests are basically resplendent chests that are 'locked' until the curse is lifted. When activated, they can do 1 of the following (possibly more). However, keep in mind that a socket occupies a PRIMARY slot. If you are trying to roll one on the secondary effects it will not be possible. On higher MPs, the best/fastest xp farming is barbarians using the tornado/ww setup. Barbs have the best survivability on higher MP due to the fact that they are the only class that can get life steal on the belt and also they have a passive that grants 3% life steal. Also, their perma WoTB means they are completely immune to crowd control, which is absolutely necessary on higher MPs. WoTB is actually pretty bad on low MPs because you kill monsters so fast its hard to generate the amount of fury required to keep it permanently up. However, their gear is super expensive and it will cost 200+m to set up a barb that can handle mp7+ with ease. Here are the main advantages for dual wielding over a shield: As soon as you open the chest, enemies will begin to spawn around the chest, starting out slowly but eventually reaching swarming levels. The tooltip for Akarat's Champion - Firestarter states: No. You can only reroll existing affixes into new affixes of the same category* (vit->armor). I.e. you cannot roll a secondary affix into a primary affix. Depending on your dps, you may want to prepare some champions/elites near waypoints to 'restock' up on NV in between boss fights. Since you NEED to maintain 5 stacks for any chance of the organ drop at all. If you wanted to help him along, there are still several ways to assist in his gold income: