Often in competitions other than the Olympics, you will see the athletes wearing helmets with sponsors prominently displayed. 

ITTF has published a Q&A fact sheet on the new plastic balls (pdf). 

In addition to the material change, the diameter of the ball is changing slightly. Celluloid balls were required to be between 39.50 and 40.50mm, and the new plastic balls need to be between 40.00 and 40.60 mm. 

The Olympics has strict rules against advertising on uniforms by athletes of all sports. These are outlined in the Olympic Charter, Rule 50 (Advertising, Demonstrations, Propaganda). This rule covers all sports. On clothing and accessories worn during participation "no form of publicity or propaganda, commercial or otherwise, may appear...." There is an exception for identification of the manufacturer of the equipment, but even this is limited by rule. 

Brakes are not needed, because the bikes usually aren't moving very fast and the bikes can be slowed down by the fixed-gear pedals. Hand brakes would just get in the way and not be used. 

AFAIK, yes it is allowed to wear baseball protective gear for cricket. 

I couldn't see any football players wearing caps while playing international matches, but I could see some of them wearing large headbands. 

It looks more or less same as the cricket leg-pads. 

We can see some of the cricketers using baseball helmets in cricket. 

Only the wicket-keeper and the fielders in short leg and silly point are allowed to use the leg-pads in cricket, but the leg-pads used by Wicket Keepers in cricket is slightly big and goofy than baseball leg-pads. Since the cricket ball is more hard than baseball. So, that type of pads are preferred by cricketers. No rules were block them to wear baseball leg-pads. 

If the football players are not allowed to wear cap means, what is the reason for allowing large head-bands but not head caps? 

You are discussing about the protective gears under the clothes in baseball, ie, specifically about the leg-pads. 

What's the rules for Football say about this? 

In addition to the material change, the diameter of the ball is changing slightly. Celluloid balls were required to be between 39.50 and 40.50mm, and the new plastic balls need to be between 40.00 and 40.60 mm. 

Often in competitions other than the Olympics, you will see the athletes wearing helmets with sponsors prominently displayed. 

The new balls are controversial. Many of the old plastic balls (before 2014) were not reviewed well. They did not meet ITTF requirements and were more prone to breaking than celluloid balls. ITTF claims that all of the plastic balls that were approved this year (the first plastic balls were approved on January 24, 2014) are better than the older plastic balls. As more tournaments using the plastic balls occur, time will tell what changes the new balls introduce to the sport. 

ITTF has published a Q&A fact sheet on the new plastic balls (pdf). 

ITTF is still approving celluloid balls, and they may still be used for non-ITTF sanctioned events. If you have an ITTF-approved ball in your hand and are unclear if you have a celluloid or plastic ball, the plastic balls have "40+" printed on them. Celluloid balls have "40" printed without the "+" character.