The battle of Thermopylae (300 Spartans) is a prime example:-) I think no comments are required because everyone knows this example very well. Mongols were able to adapt all necessary inventions from neighboring countries to their advantage. I recall that in the beginning they had even no writing. (The writing was adapted from the Uighurs). They had no idea how to take walled cities. Before they attacked China. After that they adapted Chinese technology and Chinese TECHNICIANS (!) to operate it. This only shows the outstanding abilities of their leaders. The whole story of Peloponnese War is known to us from the excellent accounts which was written mainly by Athenian authors, the loosing party. And only because Spartans and their allies did not cultivate historical literature. With all this, it is of course true that ancient societies could not spend as large part of GDP on government expenses as modern ones, simply because the labor productivity is incomparable. For most of the history most people worked just for subsistence. It is only surplus production besides the subsistence, which can be used on all other expenses, including military. Only police (which was not related to the Army) was manned locally. Same observation applies to another siege of Sevastopol (1941-2) and to the siege of Port Artur (1904-5). All these sieges were lost by the Russians but they are very well remembered and generated significant literature. Stealth is by far the most common, guns go bang. They make a tremendous amount of noise audible for miles. A typical military rifle or pistol is in the 150-160 decibel range, louder than a jet engine at full power. That's the best I've got for why the UN did what it did. What I can cover is what they resolved to do and how that turned out. Attacking a gap in the line with slow moving heavy infantry is a sucker's bet. Let's say the armies of Numbers are facing the armies of Letters. Numerically equivalent, but differently deployed. While it's expansion was effectively halted in the 60s, it was still playing world power in Afghanistan right up to when it fell apart. When looking at why the UN does (or usually does not) do things, it's important to know two things: only resolutions by the UN Security Council are binding, and all of the permanent members have veto power. The permanent members at the time were the People's Republic of China, France, Russia, UK, and the US. With the Cold War just having ended, this was a period of unusually strong international cooperation. Even so, resolutions have to be watered down so as not to go against the wishes of those five. Because the Battle of Rzhev didn't change the war, Stalingrad did. To make matters worse, both sides have skirmishers, cavalry and reserves available. As Y marches into the gap between 1 and 2, General Number will be ordering reserves to slow Y's forward progress preventing them from punching through the line completely and attacking from the rear. The American Empire begins at the end of the Spanish-American war in 1898. The US gained Cuba, Puerto Rico, the Phillipines, Guam, and a smattering of Caribbean and Pacific islands. It has no intention of turning these into states. The US suddenly and awkwardly finds itself in control of an overseas empire. The US would continue to intervene in Caribbean, Central and South American, and Pacific nations through WWI and the 1930s with some excuse or another. If you elected a government the US didn't like, the US might invade. If you threatened US business interest, the US might invade. For example, Haiti was occupied from 1914 to 1934. If that is not enough, the piece is located at the Musee de L'artillerie in Draguignan, France. That link includes a phone number you can call. The curator may oblige to measure it for you. Here is a BM-13N Katyusha on display at the Museum of the Great Patriotic War. It uses a Lend-Lease US-built Studebaker US6 truck as its base. A long weapon made even longer with a bayonet limits how you can go around corners, through doors, or turn around. The long "shaft" of the rifle can be easily side-stepped and grabbed by your opponent turning it into a liability. In these cases a pistol or dedicated close-quarters rifle is much preferred, but many soldiers lack these. So they pack a short, brutal, often improvised melee weapon. I'm going to amend the question to fill in some gaps. Take The Vessel Intact If you were a privateer, or in a navy that offers prize money for captured vessels, you probably didn't want to smash your payday to pieces with cannon. In this case, a boarding action is called for. Following behind a screen of skirmishers, Y can split and attack 1 and 2's flanks simultaneously. This maneuver on Y's part requires great training and discipline. The soldiers of each wing of Y must raise their weapons vertically in the air, rotate 90 degrees as a unit, lower their weapons and attack in the new direction, all while being harassed by the enemy. X and Z thin their ranks to extend their lines to prevent having their own flanks turned.