The author of Matthew omitted the word 'leafy', perhaps a sign that he was aware that this was the wrong season for leafy branches (excepts palms), and the King James Bible also omits the word in Mark's Gospel. Which brings us to John's Gospel. Its author aware that just before the Passover was too early for the leafy branches of Sukkoth, John 12:12-13 clearly states that they cut down palm branches, creating the basis for the Palm Sunday tradition. 

Lot and his wife were told to flee the city of Sodom in case they were consumed and not to look back as they went (Genesis 19:17). There was no warning that any of the family would be punished in some way if they so much as looked back, and in any case it would have been unjust if they were threatened with reprisals for looking back. In Genesis 19:26: 

O’Malley acknowledges that 1 Peter was likely not written by Peter himself, although he believes it was written under his inspiration, but surprisingly overlooks that the reference to ‘Babylon’ is an anachronism before 70 CE*. This fact points to First Peter as pseudepigraphical, and without this letter, Father O'Malley has little more than Catholic tradition that Peter went to Rome or was martyred there. 

Genesis 19:24 says that Gomorrah was also destroyed in the same event. Was Gomorrah equally as evil as Sodom? From what we are told, we simply do not know. Justification has not been established by the biblical account. 

Luke confuses things a little, by saying (Luke 2:1) that the census was necessary so that the whole world could be registered, thus intimating that the census involved the entire Roman Empire. However, there never was a census of the entire Roman Empire. In any case, people throughout the Roman Empire, apart from residents of Rome, were already taxed long before the New Testament events. Judea was being brought into the empire and preparations were being made to tax its population. 

It is now widely known that the New Testament gospels were all anonymous, and remained so until attributed to Matthew, Mark, Luke and John later in the second century. Even conservative commentators accept that the authors of Mark and Luke were not present during the mission of Jesus. And as this Wikipedia article states, the majority of modern scholars believe it is unlikely that Matthew's Gospel was written by an eyewitness. Rex Wyler says in The Jesus Sayings, page 119, that Eusebius applied the name John to the fourth gospel, citing Irenaeus, who allegedly heard this from Polycarp in Smyrna, but points out that no evidence from Irenaeus or Polycarp substantiates these claims. Raymond E. Brown says in An Introduction to the New Testament, page 362, that in the last two centuries the majority of scholars have shifted towards the position that John was not authored by an eyewitness. Thus, all four gospels were written by anonymous authors who were not eyewitnesses to the events they wrote about. 

T'ai Shang Kan Ying P'ien (Daoism): Regard your neighbor's gain as your own gain, and your neighbor's loss as your own loss. 

Barbara Geller says in 'Epilogue', published in The Oxford History of the Biblical World, page 427, that by the end of the fourth century, both anti-pagan and anti-Jewish legislation would serve as licences for the increasing number of acts of vandalism and violent destruction directed against pagan and Jewish places of worship carried out by Christian mobs, often at the instigation of the local clergy. Helen Ellerbe says in The Dark Side of Christian History, page 46, the Church burnt enormous amounts of literature. She says Christians burnt down the library of Alexandria in 391, with its 700,000 rolls - although the number of scrolls may already have been substantially reduced by early fires dating back to the time of Julius Caesar. The destruction of books was random, with books on science, mathematics and engineering joining those on philosophy and religion. On page 44, Ellerbe says that in some cases the Christian church's burning of books and repression of intellectual pursuit set humanity back as much as two millennia in its scientific understanding. 

As to the historicity of the story, Philo says (Concerning Noah's Work As A Planter): 

The messengers went to Sodom and lodged with Lot and his wife and two daughters. The men of the entire town came and demanded to homosexually rape the two men (Genesis 19:5), proving how evil the place was. Notice that we simply assume that not ten men in the entire town stood back and refused to take part; notice also that all the women and children of the town have to be regarded as equally guilty as the men, or we must assume that women and children have no rights apart from their menfolk - otherwise God must at least spare them. Without proof that none of the town's men refused to take part in the attempted rape, and without proof that the women of the town were complicit, then God has not kept his word.