I'm interested in subs of Japan, Germany, Russia, Britain, and America. The reason I ask is because I want to know stealth capability for travels. I imagine a sub travelling on the surface at night, but at day it submerges and stays down and doesn't move (except drifting with the current). It may have to stay down longer than 12 hours if some ship happen to be nearby. 

I guess it's a question of battery life too, but not for powering the propeller, only for the lights and maybe air pumps. Edit: I should have specified this, but I want to know how long the sub can stay down near max depth, not snorkeling. Snorkeling is done very near the surface where it can be spotted by aircraft or even other ships, and some naval surface radar could detect periscopes or snorkels around a distance of 5 miles. For a submarine in the WW2-era, how long could it stay submerged if it was not running its engine? This is a question of crew size, oxygen, food/water, and CO2 scrubbers, and maybe other stuff I'm not aware of. 

I know 3 of them (not including Kennedy that you have already identified): 

The first appearance of a bird on a proposed design was a phoenix, recommended by William Barton, an expert on heraldry. His design was as follows: 

(1) Liverpool cotton broker contracts to buy cotton from an American broker in New Orleans. The price will be quoted in pounds sterling on the Liverpool exchange. 

So, to answer your question, the merchants themselves deal in paper (drafts of various kinds) and eventually any residual imbalances are settled in gold by a few very large banks which consolidate the debits and credits of all of the traders and merchants. 

Actually, it was the Sicilians, not Italians. The mafia is an ancient way of life adhered to generally in Sicily for at least 1500 years. The adherent to mafia is known as the mafioso. The code of conduct for the mafioso is known as omerta. It is sort of a poor man's chivalry that stresses vengeance and eye-for-an-eye justice. Sicily was frequently invaded in ancient times and the inhabitants developed mafia as a way of resisting these invaders. When Sicilians later immigrated to other places they retained mafia and continued to practice it. Outsiders tend to see mafia as a type of criminal conspiracy, but actually the Sicilians use it for everything, both lawful businesses and criminal activities. This continuous strategy became the norm in the 1980s, so broadly speaking I think all candidates for president after about 1985 used a "continuous" campaign strategy, but as early as 1980. The historical reason was reforms to caucus rules of the Democratic and Republican Parties to increase more democratic participation, which started in 1976. In other words, instead of presidential candidates being picked by a handful of party insiders, candidates started being elected by the delegates to the conventions. Therefore, the candidates needed to be popular to more people to win the party primary. Also, these reforms weakened the power of the parties and left a power vacuum that was filled by pollsters, PAC's, and special interest groups. Special interest groups are made up of private citizens that are interested in an issue but do not support a party outright, so the party must offer support to them in order to secure their funding. 

Corn and potatoes are the native "grains" to the United States. Peanuts (in the Southern US), alfalfa or hay have traditionally been used in crop rotations. Turkeys, deer and bison in the Great Plains were the major native protein source. Bison were intentionally killed off as a genocidal measure against the Plains Indians, but we continue to eat turkey. There were no native domesticated farm animals or beasts of burden in North America, so settlers brought these over, such as horses, oxen, cows, and hogs. Wheat, oats, barley and since the 1950's soybeans have been farmed extensively as well, which were brought over too.