For Evangelicals, "receiving Jesus" can be considered to be functionally equivalent to one or more of the following: • Jesus is God, one part of the Trinity, one part of the Triune Godhead. (Col. 2:9,10; Heb. 1:5-8.) 

• Have a repentant attitude—a willingness to turn from your sin and be willing to live a new life for God. (Acts 3:19) • He is available to every person who will believe. (Rom. 10:13; John 1:12.) From the statement of Faith on her website, regarding salvation: 

Yes, there are many unbiblical and dangerous teachings in the charismatic movement, but our attitude toward charismatics and our conversations with them must be full of love, patience, and biblical truth. Emotional overreaction and biblically weak argumentation will only hinder our efforts to help them see the truth. On the other hand, calm but serious discussion of biblical teaching regarding the Holy Spirit and spiritual gifts can bring them to an understanding of the truth. 

So beyond the slippery slope argument, what are a YEC's reason for believing that a metaphorical interpretation of the Genesis creation account logically and necessarily leads to a failure of the gospel account? 

It's easy to find individuals who deny salvation to non-Trinitarians: Christian Research Institute president, Hank Hanegraaff, has made statements to the effect that non-Trinitarians are "non-Christians" (and therefore unsaved): Anyone denying The Creator as He has revealed Himself, Triune, will suffer the second death. source 

And if I may add my own observation: Among Evangelicals who would not take a hard-line stance that non-Trinitarians are not saved, likely a significant number would at least say that non-Trinitarians are unlikely to be saved. That is to say, that in theory, a non-Trinitarian could be saved, but any honest non-Trinitarian who is saved would soon realize the "truth" and become a Trinitarian. I have also found rhetoric by Unitarians who claim that Trinitarians deny them salvation: While neither CRI nor Hank Hanegraaff represent any official denomination, they are both very popular among Evangelical Christians (Hank hosts a popular call-in radio program where callers can ask questions about Christianity, and is the author of several popular books). In my conversations with Young Earth Creationists (YECs), I have on occasion heard the argument that I must interpret Genesis literally, otherwise the entire gospel, culminating at salvation, crumbles. TLDR I have yet to find an official denominational view that non-Trinitarians are unsaved, but there is clearly deep sentiment among many Christians that non-Trinitarians are unsaved. • Proceed by admitting you are a sinner in need of a Savior. (Rom. 3:23,24.) 

This is what it means to be born again. If you believe this, then you can: **also (OT) atonement more generally - why should we have "without the shedding of blood there is no remission of sins"? 

From the statement of Faith on her website, regarding salvation: • He is now seated at the right hand of the Father in heaven. (Heb. 10:12.) 

For Evangelicals, "receiving Jesus" can be considered to be functionally equivalent to one or more of the following: Though we would not turn to God to solve our sin problem, God did not leave us to our devices without a remedy, but came in the person of His Son, to live amongst us - showing us what the Heavenly Father is like and also experiencing our humanity - including weakness, suffering and death. The suffering and death that Jesus endured were not a consequence of His own sin, as He was perfect in all His ways and always did the things that please the Heavenly Father, rather, they were entered into willingly as a substitionary offering to take on the suffering and death that all mankind deserves.