I agree with the rest. Evaluating your story before writing it is like rating a love affair before having it (OK, I know. Awful metaphor). The thing is, you must receive feedback from other people. That's the only way to know whether your plot, pace, characters are delivering satisfactorily. In the last part I'm telling the reader the girl's eyes make her face look lifeless. I didn't actually describe them (e.g. they were black, white, etc.) But, I don't know, I think I'm also showing the reader how her face looks by stating what it's lacking? After reading the inscription, Maru closed her eyes, and tried to imagine that for while. Write two or three parallel stories. Haruki Murakami does this pretty well in his novel 1Q84. The two protagonists alternate in each chapter (a third one is added in the middle). Other information that I mention in Chapter 1 and 2: The following unedited dialogue is from a novel I'm writing (which is based on a short story I wrote a while ago): Ling nodded. "Well, I guess I can't really call it a job, since I don't do much. I just sit in a room while doctors run tests on me. Nothing crazy, of course. Just simple things like blood, motor, and psychological tests. In return, they give me a monthly salary, and provide me with accommodation inside the hospital. A little room that was meant to be used by emergency doctors." I nodded, no longer sure what the conversation was about. Genocide? Do you know another digital ways of presenting a novel? I wonder if I should use he instead it to refer to the bird. Would this improve the clarity of the text? Is this a common practice? “Things in the universe are ever-changing. They have been undergoing a continuous change for billions and billions of years, and they will keep like this forever. What once was an plant or an animal will transform in something else in the future.” Icaro said. Erin was about to sip her glass but then stopped. She looked up, and stared at Benjamin with her lips slightly parted. Am I the only one who missed the earthquake? She wondered if she was indeed living in the same city as everyone else.