In a scrum team, the team has decided that they want to hold their morning standups at 10am. The team is in London, and claimed that 9:30 is marginally early, in the sense that sometimes public transport isn't working properly, high traffic etc. Update: The SM asked to be invited in the testers meeting. It turns out it is another stand up just for the testers. They are effective duplicating work after the team stand up. Is this necessarily bad though? The scrum master has conveyed the message that the team has decided to hold their morning standups at 10am. The manager's answer was, "no...why? so that everyone can come in at 10? No, I want the stand ups to take place at 9:30". What would your suggestions be for this business, and the development manager and scrum master for the test manager, who seems resistant to this business change and wants to retain his team? In a company, they are transitioning from agile to scrum. They have hired a very skilled scrum master to facilitate change, they have an up to speed product owner, a development manager who is up to speed with scrum, and the business supports the change. Also in this company, there is a test manager who has his own test team of four testers. Who's call should be at the end of the day, what time the standups take place and other such affairs? By the way, we haven't ship anything for almost 1 year now, though it seems like something is about to happen. The test manager gathers his testers for a mini meeting after the morning standup, in a separate room, without informing the others or updating them on their talks. The test manager has no previous scrum experience either. He believes that if any of his testers forgets or doesn't do something, he should go around and chase them. Scrum - the methodology - is a set of practices, of which the Scrum meeting is core. You can think of Agile methodologies as different toolboxes, where the tools can be used together very effectively. Once you've got your CSM, be careful that you don't end up on a project where you're solely responsible for the Agile process with no support. A CSM is not enough. You'll need either some experienced Agilists or a coach around to help you. Edit: We had a much easier time on that project after we invited someone from the PMO to come and see how we were working and decide what kind of tracking he'd like. He liked the atmosphere in our team area so much he ended up sitting with us most of the time! PMO people are human, too... Instead of reporting on stories and tasks, work out what the capabilities of your system are - the things that it allows users to do, or the things that the system delivers to other systems. You're looking for a large-scale overview with business-valuable outcomes (we had about 30 on a 1-year project). I should also address your other question: no, what you're doing is not the practice commonly called a Scrum. It's the practice commonly called micro-management. Who's call should be at the end of the day, what time the standups take place and other such affairs? Update: The SM asked to be invited in the testers meeting. It turns out it is another stand up just for the testers. They are effective duplicating work after the team stand up. Is this necessarily bad though? The scrum master disagrees with this tactic, saying that the testers are developers, and they are members of the scrum team, wanting to scrap the "test team". He believes that each member of the team should be able to test as well as develop, but the test manager disagrees, believing that his testers are specialized in what they do, and that testing before production is a vital job that he cannot leave it to chance, or to people who don't know the testing process. By the way, we haven't ship anything for almost 1 year now, though it seems like something is about to happen. The scrum master has conveyed the message that the team has decided to hold their morning standups at 10am. The manager's answer was, "no...why? so that everyone can come in at 10? No, I want the stand ups to take place at 9:30". In a scrum team, the team has decided that they want to hold their morning standups at 10am. The team is in London, and claimed that 9:30 is marginally early, in the sense that sometimes public transport isn't working properly, high traffic etc. What would your suggestions be for this business, and the development manager and scrum master for the test manager, who seems resistant to this business change and wants to retain his team? and the same amount of hands on people I am a software dev in a medium size company. We work with a few people remotely (in a different EU country). We used to have the following people: Instead of reporting on stories and tasks, work out what the capabilities of your system are - the things that it allows users to do, or the things that the system delivers to other systems. You're looking for a large-scale overview with business-valuable outcomes (we had about 30 on a 1-year project). So, the practice of holding Scrum meetings is part of Scrum, as well as part of just about every other Agile methodology (perhaps by another name), and Scrum is an Agile methodology, but Agile itself is bigger than individual methodologies or practices. Agile is the term we give to the conglomerate of practices, the body of knowledge and the community built around similar methodologies and practices, including Scrum but also XP, DSDM and others. Unfortunately, managers in the industry do, so the certificate is valuable. If you can find someone who's recommended, or someone who's actually failed people on the course, then they're probably better than average. Most trainers have never failed anyone on a CSM course, and not all CST (Certified Scrum Trainers) are good at getting useful learning across. For this reason, I don't put much faith myself in the certificates.