After Kant philosophers who still insisted on doing metaphysics had to either reinvent it, or to find a new source of metaphysical knowledge. Some notable examples are Fichte, Hegel and Heidegger. "Hegel's project of constituting the world through logic could be read as an attempt to demonstrate that the conditions of the possibility of our thinking of objects are the conditions of the possibility of the objects themselves". Heidegger, and the entire tradition of existentialism, goes further by rejecting the centrality of knowledge to both life and philosophy altogether, because "existence precedes essence". This leads to a very different kind of metaphysics based on direct "insights" into existence. Alternatively, Husserl's version of transcendental philosophy reexamines empirical experience and points out that our perception is not purely sensory, but also involves simultaneous grasping of ideas or forms of objects, the aspect Husserl called ideation. One way or another all successors had to deal with Kant's critical takedown of old metaphysics. 

Attempts to pin Kant down on ontology, like Allison's or Strawson's, are based on interpreting what he does rather than just reading what he says, and such interpretations are of course controversial. This sort of interpretation started with Fichte, who replaced things in themselves with "positing" of I, Schelling and Schopenhauer presented a kind of "vitalist" ideal reality accessible through fallible "intellectual intuition" over and above Kant's transcendental strictures. One can see where they might have gotten the inspiration both in young Kant's musings, and by reading between the lines in the Opus Postumum, but Kant is extremely meticulous at separating what drives and motivates him from what he is willing to commit to officially, so I am not sure such interpretations can ever succeed. 

[...] Here comes a non-Parmenidean approach. To begin with, “exists” is a predicate of individuals just like the others – a predicate for real, not only from the point of view of our ordinary language’s surface grammar. It is a predicate in the same sense that “eats”, “flies”, and “is a man” are... The motto is Alexander’s famous one: “To be is to have causal powers”... The Parmenidean conception, once forced to admit that even from its viewpoint existence can be a property of individuals, still explains it away, defining it via the existential quantifier and identity, that is, via logical notions. But existence is not taken as a logical notion from now on: if to exist has to do with the enjoying of causal powers, whatever these actually are, they are not logical features." 

My understanding is that Berkeley considered the outside world to have no existence at all, and took the statement "It's all in the mind" literally, whereas Kant argued that the outside world exists independently of the observer, but we can never know it's true nature. The best we can due is observe the effects it has on our senses. I'm pretty sure this description of the difference is correct, but it feels oversimplified to me (My grasp of Kant is rudimentary at best). 

If one agrees with Quine's argument against Analyticity as being circular and the subsequent dissolution of the Analytic/Synthetic distinction, what is left of Kant's epistemology? 

We can never know the true nature of the objects, only the effect they have on ours senses. 

Yes he did. He has a whole section on the inhabitants of other planets in a book he published called Universal Natural History and Theory of Heaven (Allgemeine Naturgeschichte und Theorie des Himmels), published in 1755. 

Furthermore, the distinction must be maintained between the subjective and objective determinations in order to avoid error: 

If induction is possible for a certain type of facts, there are causal relations which are knowable with respect to those facts. There is no causal relation with respect to any fact about noumena that is knowable. Therefore, induction is impossible for any fact about noumena. If that's what you're saying, I imagine that Kant would fully agree. However, it seems that you're suggesting that an adequate theory of induction would somehow allow for knowledge about noumenal facts. It that case, it might be helpful to note that the second point of the argument only applies in virtue of the fact that we have to rely on our senses: 

Quine also asserts that such statements are vacuous in that they are "incapable of grounding the most trivial statement," and this is precisely what they should be considering the purpose for which Kant made the distinction. 

Can Kantian categories only be applied to objects given by the senses? 

Yes. I don't think there's any real debate about that. Throughout the Critique of Pure Reason, one of the principle themes which Kant maintains is that the proper application of concepts is limited to objects of experience. If that weren't the case, all his arguments against the paralogisms in the Transcendental Dialectic would lose their force. He refers to them as paralogisms precisely because such arguments employ the transcendental use (A341/B399) of concepts which, for Kant, are illegitimate: