What about those who never heard the Gospel? What about a good man who refused to believe in Christ? What about a pious man from other religion who refuse to accept Christ? If we hold on to the Biblical truth that Jesus Christ is the only way to heaven, then there is no other choice but to say "Anyone who does not believe in Jesus Christ whether they heard it or not will go to Hell!" 

There is much debate on this topic. The following questions are hard to answer: The Catholic Church believes that unbaptized infants go to Heaven. "We attain salvation by faith" We are saved by believing in the Jesus Christ, the Son of God. One has to believe in the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ, and by having faith in Jesus, he is saved from eternal damnation in Hell. Some adults might say that they have not done any serious crime but in God's standard all sins are big, for Jesus said, Marius Victorinus The earliest clear instance of this interpretation of this verse that I've found appears to be in Marius Victorinus's commentary on Galatians (written mid-4th century). He describes the "works which belong to Christianity" as: This view has some early support from at least one church father, Theodoret of Cyrus: 

Williams, Theology Q and A, page 31 (See also Renewal Theology, 1: chapter 11, "The Effects of Sin.") Williams, Renewal Theology, I-272. Grudem, Systematic Theology, ch. 7, p122. Williams, Theology Q and A, page 32 Grudem, Systematic Theology, ch. 24, p500. Grudem agrees, and writes more regarding the general revelation mentioned in Romans 1: The clear implication here and in the rest of Williams' writing is that the unreached face judgment. So we see that this is certainly not merely a "medieval" interpretation; at least some in the early church held to it as well. 

For a few other examples, he cites Psalm 51 ("I was born in guilt, in sin my mother conceived me") to demonstrate the sinfulness of man, and uses language reminiscent of Deuteronomy 32:35 ("Vengeance is mine and recompense") to argue for God's superiority to man. "We attain salvation by faith" We are saved by believing in the Jesus Christ, the Son of God. One has to believe in the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ, and by having faith in Jesus, he is saved from eternal damnation in Hell. Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation. The old has passed away; behold, the new has come. The way of the world, connoted as the "Highway to Hell", is an easy to choose broad way. It is so easy to find it. The way of this world is everywhere; immorality, ungodliness, waywardness etc. are all around us. In fact, you don't even have to search the "Highway to Hell" because it's all around you. If don't want to follow Jesus Christ and carry your own cross, you have already chosen to go through the Highway to Hell. 

What about those who never heard the Gospel? What about a good man who refused to believe in Christ? What about a pious man from other religion who refuse to accept Christ? If we hold on to the Biblical truth that Jesus Christ is the only way to heaven, then there is no other choice but to say "Anyone who does not believe in Jesus Christ whether they heard it or not will go to Hell!"