On the other hand, regarding laughing during Salah, (I'm not sure concerning the perspective of Sunni, but on the whole, from the perspective of Shia, laughing loudly would invalidate the Salah, but laughing slowly (not loudly) doesn't seem to invalidate it. (Beside, being advertently or inadvertently would be effective in it as well) Apparently it is not necessary to make it up as @Ozbak (as a Sunni brother) mentioned it as well. 

Well done, you inquired about a question (issue) which could happen plenty of times. So it doesn't look to be counted as the items which invalidate the saying prayer (salah), and actually it could be the duty of the person who intends to say prayers to observe the issue and attempt not to stand in front of you who you were there since before. But on the other hand, we can say that perhaps it could be considered as a positive practice for you to move a little in order to changing your situation in front of him as holding more respect to Allah. It can be inferred from the main Arabic text of the above-mentioned phrase that HAMEDAH is the most right form of that (although based on some Arabic accents it is heard as Hemidah). 

And that is by making Dhuhr and Asr together, making it eight Rak'at, and making Maghrib and Isha' together making it seven Rak'ats, source. 

For further reading see this (it is in Arabic). 

I am not aware of a hadith which mentions a certain/specific punishment if you miss a salat, I am aware though of the hadith which says:: I have read of this salat online but I can not find a Hadith that mentions it. What or is there any Hadith mentioning this salat, and what is the authenticity of the Hadith? Is this salat a Bid'ah? 

Note: when we talk about abandoning salat altogether, we mean the Fard Salawat. it is definitely more affective/harmful on Shaytaan then metal First of all Fardh means obligatory, so when you enter the masjid and the Obligatory is in progress than you must, must, must join the obligatory salaat. Outside of this you can make the sunnahs or not make them, if you do not make them, especially the confirmed sunnah's you have not sinned but you just missed out on making a sunnah prayer and gaining more reward. The wisdom behind this is that by rising the index finger in salat, it is harmful to Shaytaan in the sense that he is being humiliated and what he invites to. Ibn Ummar mentioned when he raised his finger in salat he said that the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him said): 

Anyhow, as I mentioned before, it is permissible to prostrate (do Sujud) on the earh (by its conditions) based on Shia school of thought. For instance you can see the following tradition from Shia as well as a related issue to what we can prostrate on. It is narrated that Hisham b. al-Hakam said to Abu Abdillah (Imam Sadiq S.A): Inform me of what it is permitted to do sujud upon and what is not permitted. He answered: Based on Shia’s related explanation, while a person see himself (herself) in front of Allah during Ibadah (worship), so it is good to wear his/her best clothes. Hence, e.g. the best covering for women is complete covering which is the symbol of Efah (chastity), although there is no non-Mahram there. As a related source: Porseman, Vol.6 Pg.151. Apparently it is not necessary to make it up as @Ozbak (as a Sunni brother) mentioned it as well. 

The reason why we face the Qiblah is, in the days the Prophet Muhammad peace be upon Him came, the Qiblah then was towards Jami' Al Aqsa , so Allah change it to the Kabah to see who would follow and who will not. And that is by making Dhuhr and Asr together, making it eight Rak'at, and making Maghrib and Isha' together making it seven Rak'ats, source. 

Act differently from the Jews, for they do not pray in their sandals or their shoes I have read of this salat online but I can not find a Hadith that mentions it. What or is there any Hadith mentioning this salat, and what is the authenticity of the Hadith? Is this salat a Bid'ah? 

I am not aware of a hadith which mentions a certain/specific punishment if you miss a salat, I am aware though of the hadith which says:: For further reading see this (it is in Arabic). 

it is definitely more affective/harmful on Shaytaan then metal 

Note: when we talk about abandoning salat altogether, we mean the Fard Salawat. 

The wisdom behind this is that by rising the index finger in salat, it is harmful to Shaytaan in the sense that he is being humiliated and what he invites to. Ibn Ummar mentioned when he raised his finger in salat he said that the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him said):