This happens only if ONLY the first character is uppercase. If the whole word is ("CSV"), it gets converted to lowercase as expected. Alternatively, as @Arjan suggests, limit this to comments from the OP. I don't think adding this level of complexity is necessary. In my experience, this gets reliably edited out by the community within minutes. As a sketch, including @phwd's suggestion: How was the voter able to undo votes this old? This is not nice, as it would allow people in the Internet Café to post on Meta in my name if I have logged in and out from SO proper, wouldn't it? Unless I'd clear cookies and the history etc., but I won't remember that every time. Bob casts dupe close-vote on X with destination Y. Now by requiring attribution even for our own content posted on the network, the clause effectively takes away that non-exclusivity. (or at least tries to.) This changes the nature of the license fundamentally, and may even be in violation of Creative Commons' terms of use - as long as the limitation is there, they may not be allowed to use the Creative Commons logo and license: A pop-up appeared saying "Welcome back Pekka! You are logged in." The only deviation from that is the "top answers" section. The arbitrary formatting inside each answer body (code snippets, bullets, sometimes even images!), repeated for every answer, makes the whole list very hard to follow. I put it to you that a recruiter heck, anybody! will have huge trouble understanding what this is about. At the moment, I have the impression it has become customary to upvote the question as a sign for future closers that it contains a really great answer - at least that's what I do, lacking better ways. A lot of essentially mediocre, but highly voted questions support that assertion. That is not a good practice in the long run - targeting the good answers would be much better. As I said in the comment in the other question, I agree. While Stack Overflow in general has very few barriers, I feel clear feedback and timed suspensions would be the better approach for this problem. How about introducing a "bad question" flag as suggested by John Saunders. Five flags close the question. The user would get a clear message along the lines of This is unnecessary, and I'm absolutely sure is one of the contributing factors why some people turn away from Meta after first contact, and never return. if it is, then at least remove the second comma! :) The SE shop is still linked in the sites' footer even though it is now defunct. I say give this feature a chance; increasing the threshold so the banner is displayed only after the second close vote would be an option, though. Newbie OP asks question User posts comment asking for clarification Newbie OP posts clarifying reply but doesn't add @username User never finds out that a reply has been made. Can't "Facebook style" notification (that is, notification on all replies in comment threads I've contributed to, without the need for @username) be introduced at least for comments to the actual question? That would probably solve 99% of the problem. Yeah. And there's a lot more wrong with that ad than just that. the Careers logo looks like the reception bars on your mobile phone; the fact that there's six bars could make people from rural areas with bad reception feel inferior. Did anybody think of that when dreaming this up in their fancy New York office? I would suggest the following combination: That is, if it is made sure that really only the crappy questions get flagged. You and I can tell what a crappy question is when we see them, but they are hard to define. A "bad" flag mustn't be misused by users who don't like a question, e.g. in open/close wars. Maybe the flags could be made contestable in that you can appeal to a moderator to have it "un-badded". I'm pretty sure most users who ask bad questions and are unwilling to improve them - except maybe for the few real trolls - would not make use of the possibility. An addition to the message above could be: Currently, the number of "votes cast" excludes votes on deleted content. Once something gets deleted that you voted on, that vote vanishes from your stats. This of course happens frequently especially with down-votes - if you're a good voter, stuff you downvote often ends up getting deleted.