Wow - it would take me a long time to find the appropriate sources to answer this the way I want to. I also feel obliged to admit that I have an opinion on this topic, and I hope that @Samuel Russell or someone from the other side of the aisle will contribute to counterbalance me. 

You might want to reivew the history of the NATO alliance, Charles De Gaulle, and the special relationship. 

@John Craven is correct that the great depression was a complex, global phenomenon, and Roosevelt's policies are only one factor. I'll agree with Mr. Craven that it would be absurd to credit Roosevelt with sole agency in either direction. 

There are too many questions mixed together here; I'm going to try to separate them out. 

The new country was also a Republic - a type of government that was effectively untested (my Dutch ancestors force me to qualify the statement), and there was widespread doubt that the government could be effective - the rest of the world employed some form of Monarchy to maintain order and property rights, and the notion of giving a bunch of debtors the right to vote themselves money from the public purse was perceived as quite insane. 

Excellent point - I believe that the tax collection powers of a sovereign republic (vice the subordinate republics you mention) affect the competitiveness of credit. Development of that thesis in the context of your observation would, I think, be interesting, but outside the scope of OP's question. 

Implicit in the question is an assumption that FDR needed to somehow justify an interventionist stance when OP asserts that the majority of Americans were isolationists. This affects the nature of the question and answer and deserves comment. 

In "The Origins of Political Order", Fukayama makes a throwaway comment that the key is that the government be accountable to the people; democracy is only one of the ways that accountability can be created. He doesn't develop the concept (at least not to the extent that I would have liked), but I suspect it is the key to the answer to this question. Let’s begin by setting some boundaries to make the question reasonable. 

Dissenting Christians in England, and non-christians had a place to go. CoE was the national religion of England. I'm not saying that there weren't devout members of CoE - there certainly were. But if you were English and you didn't care about religion, you were CoE. 

I think that it will be impossible to provide the kind of data you want, but we can approximate an answer. 

Essentially, I'm arguing that churches were a more important institution in the lives of early colonists than they were in Europeans. Most of the forces that lead to the decline of the CoE are present in the US, but they are operating against a less committed body of believers. 

Although Quayle is the punch lines of many jokes, he had served with distinction, and had been elected with significant margins; those are strong positives for a Vice Presidential Candidate. 

Finally, a review of history would indicate that alliance and cooperation have figured promiently in UK (and commonwealth) foreign policy. Alliance is a successful strategy for the UK. 

Hamilton consolidated the debt and organized the revenue service to begin to make payments on the debt. He created a national bank to stabilize the money supply. American credit had been a bad junk bond; after Hamilton, our was competitive with other countries. We were still a huge credit risk, but Hamilton raised our credit rating to the point where we could borrow. 

The same search repeated for the USA indicates that the church may not be declining (*Update: I don't intend this single citation to prove the point. I didn't want to base my answer on the simple assertion of OP. While I think OP's assertion is probably correct, I don't have the data and I don't want to gather the data. I started the answer by comparing two google searches - the google search on Britain suggests that there is consensus that the church is declining, while the google search on the USA suggests that the conclusion is still in doubt. I admit that is a very weak methodology, but I think I've made it clear this is an approximate answer.) 

There were multiple resolutions, most of which were rejected; that means that there was considerable "sausage making" involved in the resolution. Some language was the product of compromises. I'd go so far as to wager that there was more sausage making than logic. 

I've checked out the relevant Wiki pages and Googled it, but I haven't found any reason so far. 

Thomas Paine wrote one of the first articles advocating the emancipation of slaves and the abolition of slavery in 1775, titled "African Slavery in America". 

Craft Masonry in Orange and Rockland Counties, New York Page 23 

A very important part that cannot be left out is Uncle Tom's Cabin by Harriet Beecher Stowe. Outraged by the Fugitive Slave Law of 1850, Stowe emphasized the horrors that abolitionists had long claimed about slavery. 

Through the Northwest Ordinance of 1787, the Congress of the Confederation prohibited slavery in the territories northwest of the Ohio River. By 1804, abolitionists succeeded in passing legislation in most states north of the Ohio River and the Mason-Dixon Line that would eventually emancipate the slaves. 

Two exceptions: John Hancock, although from Massachusetts, did not sign with the rest of the Massachusites as he was the President of Congress. Also, Matthew Thornton did not sign with the rest of the New Hampshirites. 

Here is an excerpt from Wikipedia regarding the founding of Liberia: 

The blocks are also categorized. Start at the leftmost column and go to the rightmost column. Begin with the bottom of each list: Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire (we skip Matthew Thornton's Signature here). This is roughly the order of the colonies, going South to North along the Atlantic Coast.