It is well known that Justin read Aristotle, and in fact uses οὐσία in his comments on Plato and Aristotle in Horatory Address to the Greeks (Ch. 5), Regarding the OP's comment: I took a look at the site you linked to, which I have visited before. I disagree with their statement, "nowhere in the Bible does it say that God had relations with anyone to produce a literal son, nor has Christianity taught that God produced a son through any physical act whatsoever." (Zechariah 8:2) “Thus says the Lord of hosts, ‘I am exceedingly jealous for Zion, yes, with great wrath I am jealous for her.’ God sets himself above all things that are worshipped. He is supreme to all things that are worshipped, and so he does not worship anything created. All things that exist were created by him and through him and to him (Rom 11:36). Then the only worthy recipient of God's worship (or our worship) is God himself. We see this as the Son worships the Father (John 17) and the Father worships the Son (Hebrews 1). Worship of anything other than God, or referring to any being as God other than God is idolatry, which is a particularly grievous sin. The Son loves the Father and obeys the Father's commands and abides in the Father, and the Father loves the Son and abides in the Son (John 14-15). 1 John 5:5 Who is the one who overcomes the world, but he who believes that Jesus is the Son of God? The earliest use of οὐσία to mean the substance or essence of a thing is by Aristotle in his Κατηγορίαι, though Aristotle attributes its earlier use to Plato. Justin Martyr comments on Aristotle's description of the nature of the Divine, confirming that Aristotle (along with Plato) uses the word in the manner described as early as the 4th century BC. So it appears that the first use was not within the Church, but within Greek philosophy and that οὐσία was used by the Greek Fathers in this manner following the philosophers. This so-called "Pagan" origin had an effect on the later use of the word within the Church. Jesus did not teach that he was only the Son of God in a spiritual sense, and the Apostles taught us that he was the Son of God without any qualification. That is what we first heard and believed. From a Biblical Rationalist perspective, the laws of physics are mathematical and empirical principles which never hold exactly or universally in any observed natural system. Laws (a set of statements to which all events conform) may exist in formal logical systems like mathematical models, but we don't have an empirical reason to believe that laws of physics have any real existence beyond their use by human minds to understand physical phenomena. In fact, observation of natural physical phenomena continuously informs revisal of these models by revealing their shortfalls. The laws of nature are a tool of science to predict future or past states within idealized systems that model observable phenomenon, and that is where their power ends. Do Christians believe God does not break the laws of physics, but he changed the laws of physics temporarily such that those laws permitted certain miracles to occur? Notice immediately that God's jealousy is uniquely for his chosen people. Consider the context of the passage you quoted, (Deuteronomy 4:23-24 NASB) So watch yourselves, that you do not forget the covenant of the Lord your God which He made with you, and make for yourselves a graven image in the form of anything against which the Lord your God has commanded you. For the Lord your God is a consuming fire, a jealous God. 201) To Israel, his chosen, God revealed himself as the only One: "Hear, O Israel: The LORD our God is one LORD; and you shall love the LORD your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your might." Through the prophets, God calls Israel and all nations to turn to him, the one and only God: "Turn to me and be saved, all the ends of the earth! For I am God, and there is no other.. . To me every knee shall bow, every tongue shall swear. 'Only in the LORD, it shall be said of me, are righteousness and strength.'" Notice that both this passage and the previous passage from Deuteronomy discuss the worship of false gods. God has commanded the Isrealites to worship no other gods but him, and they have made a covenant with him that he would be their God, and they would be his people. The people of Israel, however, are unfaithful to God and undertake worship of other gods. Throughout the prophets, God uses the symbol of marital infidelity to discipline Israel for her tendency to worship idols and the gods of other nations. Revelation 2:18,26-28 “The Son of God, who has eyes like a flame of fire, and His feet are like burnished bronze, says this... "He who overcomes, and he who keeps My deeds until the end, to him I will give authority over the nations; and he shall rule them with a rod of iron, as the vessels of the potter are broken to pieces, as I also have received authority from My Father; and I will give him the morning star.