Making incorrectly the sujood and rukooh led to pray the salat again It is clear that foster relations are like blood relations. Yes, if that male and female are mahram to each other. 

Imam Nawawi (rahimahullah) states it straight clear and concise regarding this: If one's wudu/ghusl will be invalid , then his/her prayers will be invalid. 

But, take a look at the ayat that the dogs may be used for hunting. For hunting they should use their mouth and saliva. The hunted things(for ex, birds) are considered as pure and halal(we should cut them with the name of Allah). Since, they are trained(which may take about several months) especially for hunting. -Sahih Muslim Book 033, Hadith Number 6421 

First of all, dogs are not considered as haraam in Islam. 

If you missed a rakat in prayer you should repeat the salat as you missed an obligatory(fard) action. 

The only thing that it is considered haraam in Islam is to grew up the dog inside the house because of its saliva. The saliva of dogs often contains microscopic worms, science has shown. Dogs are not to be kept inside the house at all times. They should be kept outside. As there is a hadith(shahih Bhukari- 3.814) stated that the foster relations are treated like blood relations. Al-Nawawi said in his book al-Adhkaar (p. 407): Our companions said: Women greeting women is like men greeting to men. But when it comes to women greeting men, if the woman is the man's wife, or his concubine, or one of his mahrams, then it is like him speaking to another man; it is mustahabb for either of them to initiate the greeting of salaam and the other is obliged to return the greeting. But if the woman is a stranger (non-mahram), if she is beautiful and there is the fear that he may be tempted by her, then the man should not greet her with salaam, and if he does then it is not permissible for her to reply; she should not initiate the greeting of salaam either, and if she does, she does not deserve a response. If he responds then this is makrooh. If she is an old woman and he will not be tempted by her, then it is permissible for her to greet the man with salaam and for the man to return her salaams. If there is a group of women then a man may greet them with salaam, or if there is a group of men, they may greet a woman with salaam, so long as there there is no fear that any of the parties may be tempted.