I would suggest that a better definition would be: Now, does God have "free will?" Well, according to your definition, I would have to say no, since nothing has "will free from its own nature," apart from the possible exception of things that are able to escape this limitation by some supernatural means. And since God is the supernatural means, and there is no means greater than Him, nothing can enable Him to act apart from His nature. Now, disregarding this non-Christian concept that God is the universe... I believe we are extremely limited in our ability to comprehend God. We are essentially left at His mercy to reveal Himself to us. Now if we go one step further, Christians believe God can, and does, reveal Himself through other means as well. Christians do believe that God reveals himself, in part, through his creation--which includes the universe and everything within it. Some of God's characteristics made evident through His creation would be: The definition in your answer is too narrow. To properly define "free will," I think we have to consider what the will is free from. Since the term, as used, is in a vacuum, we have no context, so we don't know what it is free from, without additional information. The second verse strengthens the argument by demonstrating that God exists beyond the constraints of time. We believe that God has revealed much about Himself through the events recorded in the Bible, and that this was His attempt to reveal Himself to us--not humanity's attempt to glean understanding from a vacuum. To say otherwise (which you imply), I would say is a greater insult: God is incapable (or perhaps unwilling) to reveal Himself to humanity. Of course this would be something of God's character in and of itself (as @WikiAtArea51's answer points out). First, the concept that "God is the universe itself" is a decidedly non-Christian view. But if it were true that God were the universe, this would answer your question before you even finish asking it. We do know certain characteristics of the universe. It may be arrogant, or an insult to god/the universe to say we fully comprehend the universe, but we certainly do know some things about the universe. I agree with @Software Monkey that the question's premise is flawed. If we accept this definition, then the definition you provide would be just a contextual version of this--in the context of "nature." In other words "will free from one's nature." Christianity believes that God revealed some of His characteristics to the Israelites by way of the Ten Commandants, for instance. We believe that He revealed much more of Himself through the person, life, and teachings of Jesus, who we believe is his Son (fully God, and fully man). Likewise, we could ask the question "Do humans have free will?" and the answer may depend on context--Humans have "will free from the influence of other humans." Do humans have "will free from the influence of predestination?" I'll leave that for another question. But I hope my point is clear... The term "free will" doesn't work in a vacuum. The Father refers to the Son as "God" (Hebrews 1:8). A Christian understanding of miracles relies on a Scriptural interpretation of dunamis. The words is used to describe acts of God or acts of humans empowered and inspired by his Spirit that transcend ordinary human experience, ability, or understanding. This last statement struck me as something a Buddhist or Hindu practitioner would say, not a Catholic. Do any Catholic doctrines or Traditional teachings explain a Catholic notion of the God in you and the God in me, where recognition of the divine aspect of or in another person demands or motivates compassion? Jesus said he is the Son of God. "Jealousy" in colloquial English, means either (1) indignation in response to infidelity, or (2) covetousness of the belongings of others. We can immediately eliminate the second case, because God cannot be covetous; everything is his. God has always been God. When time came into being and all things became, God already was, and had already been. Nothing exists that was not made by the Father through the Son (John 1:3). This question admits the false assumption that God created a set of independent and universal laws of nature. Scientifically, universal laws of nature represent an era of Newtonian thinking that claimed the orbits of the stars are fixed perfectly and permanently in their place, and the cosmos are a perfect example of divine clockwork. Empirical human thought has progressed beyond a paradigm of static and universal physical principles, and Christians do not need to seek empirical evidence to bolster faith, indeed "Blessed is the one who hasn't seen, and yet still believes." Additionally, the doctrine of omnipresence would seem to contradict the idea - if there is "no where I can go to flee from your spirit," then it seems odd to fix God into a form - as incarnated presence in a given location (separating a locale into 'is occupied' and 'is not occupied) would inherently give form, but by suggesting there is no 'not occupied by God', the converse is in fact, validated.) Joy is the end - the purpose - of what God designed us to be. He sees joy as an "echo of heaven" which "works its way backwards into our memories." In other words, it is a reminder of the things that are to come. That Spirits have no form has been at the root of Christian theology since the beginning. The Platonic culture into which the New Testament was written would suggest that if Spirits did have form, the onus would be on the biblical writer to clarify the point. One of the most basic rules of hermeneutics is that a thing cannot mean what its original audience would not have expected it to mean.