I'm by no means an expert in this area - but it seems that Kant is referring to substance theory. Note in particular this Mathematics does contemplate actual infinities where here actual means not physically possible but logically coherent; the basis here is standard set theory. If these infinities were taken to be actualities, then given that there are no physical infinities the only way we can make sense of this through the correspondance theory of truth is by positing the truth of mathematical Platonism. Von Neumann in the early days of Quantum Theory came up with Quantum Logic. He noticed that that the mathematical apparatus describing a system can be seen as a generalisation of ordinary logic. This of course only a formal similarity but he believes in taking this as a serious hint about how to think about Quantum Theory. In a different direction, Liebniz in philosophical investgation into indiscernables said that, uncontroversially, if two things are equal, then all predicates satisfied by the first must also be satisfied by the second; and controversially, if both objects satisfies the same set of predicates, then they must be the same object. In symbols: In fact, a similar argument to Humes was also applied by the Islamic Theologian Al-Ghazali against the rationalists of his time - the Falsafas. He invoked Allah so that cause & effect happened. for all x, y [for all P ( Px <-> Py) -> x=y ] Whereas category theory has been mooted as an alternative foundation to matehematics ala ZFC by Lawvere, Vladimir Voevodsky has proposed a new program for a comprehensive, computational foundation for mathematics based on the homotopical interpretation of type theory. Moving out of classical logic, topos theory establishes a link between abstract set theory, higher-order intuitionistic logic & geometry. It's currently an area of intensive investigation. One can move on - there is also higher order topos theory where the logic becomes homotopy type theory, this models dependent types specifically the intensional flavour developed by Martin-Lof. This is already being used in computer science as the basis for theorem-provers, such as Coq. Here types are not modelled by interpreting them as sets but as homotopy types of topological spaces. As Rostomyan points out below, Godel discovered that intuitionistic logic is not a n-valent logic, for any value of n; this prompted Gentzen to write to Godel to say, somewhat sardonically: The continuum Hypothesis says: Priest, in his paper Dualising intuitionistic negation shows that dualising the truth condition for negation in the Kripke frame gives a paraconsistent logic which he calls a De Costa logic (it is stronger than Da Costa own logic - C-Omega). So, the semantics of De Costa logic has a Kripke possible world semantics but with negation dualised.