The piece of work farmed out needed to have other deliverables as part of that contract, things like a schedule, reports on a set frequency, intermediate verification and validation of scope and milestones, things like this. Flying blind to the end date is using hope for strategy. For a format for something this simple, I just need a list, with a simple box that allows me to indicate priority or sequence and a box that I can check off. If on your team it proves adding a layer adds more expense than benefit, the attention paid to the other team might be out of necessity, e.g., that team is struggling and that degree of attention is warranted, no matter the struggles your team is having...at least up until your struggles exceed the other team's. That just has to happen because no project is ever perfect and you have to pick your battles. This is about span of control. And there are rules of thumb to help an organization decide when it is time to put in a layer of control. Of course, there are competing and contradicting schools of thought on this. You need to research the benefits, costs, and risks of different approaches to see what fits best in your organization for this project at this time. ...the human working them..... You will likely find rules that say at about six to eight reports you need a layer and other rules that say you can go as high as 20 reports before adding a layer. A lot of this thinking is economically driven rather than validity of the thought. You have to sift through that. From my perspective, it is a simple tool to capture very small, discreet tasks for a single actor. It answers what needs to get done. It does not answer how or when. The when is only implied based on priority or sequencing of the to do items. But that's it. EDIT: I think before an answer about formatting can be developed, I think the scope of a to do list needs to be agreed upon. EDIT to follow additional information: After reading your additional comments, it appears the issue is not a lack of SW PM, it is a lack of PM controls and methods. It is typical to throw a person at a problem the same way we blame a person when things go south. A more sophisticated analysis will likely show other capability enabling issues, such as weak and out-of-control processes, weak tools that lack integration, weak organization intellectual capital...and certainly it can also be due to weak people performance. So I think the tool itself is limited only based on its purpose. So certainly your current PM has some blame for not enforcing or causing these controls to oversee your farmed out work; however, you may have bigger issues with your organization and its current maturation level around project management methods. Another aspect to look at is the natural evolution of team roles that develop. Throw five or six people at a task and you will see, over time as the team matures, the individuals gravitating to various team roles, including a lead role. I'd be surprised if this is not happening on your team, though it may not be if your team is imploding. If it is happening, exploit and enhance it. The one who is sort of taking ownership as the lead needs to continue in that evolution, which means (s)he needs to begin overseeing not only the task but also the management and control of it, including costs, schedule, risks, and other leadership things. If this happens to be you, run with it.