For example, when reading a book, people get out of it only what they have experienced in their own life. For example, if a person has only experienced sadness in his life, and reads a book which starts off with a person with a sad life and ends up with a happy life. The person reading it will generally remember the sad part more as he can relate to it. By saying something like "ohhh, sorry, are you OK"? 1 culture I am part of recommends this, the other culture considers this almost sin like. What does islam encourage? That parents are too high in their position as a parent to apologies to children, or parents should teach their children by apologising to them if needed to set an example? 

On the other side of the coin, if a person who has only experience happiness in his life reads the same book, he will not be able to relate to the sad starting of the book and will generally only remember the happy ending of the book. 

On a diff coin altogether, if a person has experienced sadness and worked hard to become happy, he will be able to related to everything in the book and will experience the sadness and happyness he reads in the book. What does Islam say about parents apologising to children. This is what I mean by multiple views. Does Islam have any rules about this? i.e. in Islam, are parents allowed (or encouraged) to apologies to their children if the parent wrongs the child somehow. Or is it considered almost sin like for parents to apologies to children if the parent wrongs the child in some form. Recently I saw a Shia mosque holding a fund raising raffle ticket competition where the winner would get a fully paid for umrah trip. I posted a thread previously about differences in cultures. Again, I am part of 2 cultures, and based on 1 of them, parents apologising to children is a very good thing, it is considered setting a good example and it teaches the child manners and also respecting them at the same time if the parent does something wrong and apologies to the child. So in the first culture, if your granddad's name is John Smith, it is perfectly respectable to call him John, and would be considered weird to call him granddad. The other culture I am part of considers this to be almost sin like, i.e. a parent never ever apologies to a child, no matter what, even in an accident situation or even if the parent wrongs the child and realises later that s/he wronged the child. Take any given verse from the Quran. Do muslims believe that each and every verse in the quran has a very specific single meaning just like a normal book, or can verses have multiple meanings, and/or hidden secrets? Or is the quran intended for a single view? i.e. you must know why when where and how each and every part of the quran was revealed for you to understand it and that it should never be read using your own experiences to translate the meaning of what you're reading in the quran? For example, the parent is going from 1 room in the house to another, and accidentally bumps into a child because the parent was not looking where s/he was going. Does Islam say that the parent should apologies, or does Islam that the parent should never apologies to his/her child? And in the second culture, if would be considered disrespectful to call your granddad John, and would be considered respectful to call him granddad. 

However, another culture I am part of would consider that disrespectful. This second culture says that a granddad should be referred to as granddad only, and should never be called by any of his names. Was the Quran intended for a single view? Or was it intended that the Quran have multiple views. My question is, if a highly islamically educated muslim who dedicates his life to understanding the quran, will he see further or multiple meanings which the average muslim will not see, i.e. the more he reads and understands the quran, will he start seeing hidden secrets in the quran which only the very dedicated people can see?