Utilitarianism, when dealing with the question of what is the best course of action for a whole group (community, country, society as whole, etc...), states that the maximum benefit for the maximum number of people should be the decision criteria. From the IEP article on the topic: Is this reasoning valid? If one claims to be both a materialist atheist and a moral person, then the only choices they have are being vegetarian or eating carrion? A related idea is discussed in Plato's "Phaedo": Socrates explains why death is not to be feared. Cebes then points out that if this is the case, then there is nothing wrong with suicide. Socrates agrees that there is an apparent inconsistency, but then argues that it is up to God to decide when we die, not ourselves, hence suicide is wrong. Presumably, the same reasoning applies to murder as well. If you resort to older definitions of philosophy, when the natural sciences were considered part of philosophy, then the answer would be different. Questions in physics and mathematics might - emphasis on might - be independent of the human observer, but not questions of philosophy. Given, that we know of no aliens; its an absurd fallacy to declare that aliens will be pure rational beings. Looking around the this world given how the life-sphere (I mean animals as well humans) is dominated by the emotional, passionate & irrational as well as reason. As this is the only grounds from which we can concieve of aliens - its likely that they will have both these drives - reason & emotion. Which neither absolves him, nor the regime; but posits the question - how can a man not think? Or another - what is it within a man, or without - that stops him from thinking? And more - what are the conditions that enables or disables this suffocation of spirit? The original position is Rawls replacement of the (hypothetical) originary state of Mankind theorised in social contract theory - the state of nature, as by Hobbes; the principles that govern society are to be chosen behind a veil of ignorance; in the original position one does not know what talents, what gender what race or intelligence one will be endowed with; hence Rawls argue that fairness will govern society. You can argue that the long term harm of slavery due to its detrimental effects on society far outweigh any benefit coming out of the building. For example in a society where slavery is permitted, those who are enslaved or who fear enslavement might resort to violence and terrorism to avoid enslavement. Such a society would be living in constant fear of the violence that might erupt because of slavery, and this cancels any beneficial effects that cheap and efficient slave labor might provide. This would be a variation on Rule Utilitarianism, again see IEP. Per Hume's is-ought problem, most people consider ethical questions to be independent of empirical facts. If we are to agree with this result, that any observation is theory laden, doesn't it follow that any observation is also value-laden as well? One could argue that there is nothing morally wrong about "cheating" but that fidelity makes sense as an evolutionary strategy. According to Strategic Pluralism Theory for example, it makes sense in many environments for people to restrict themselves to one partner and focus on maximizing the care provided to the offspring of that relationship. In other environments, other strategies might used. See Gangestad, S. W.; Simpson, J. A. (2000). "The evolution of human mating: Trade-offs and strategic pluralism". Behavioral and Brain Sciences 23: 573–587. In The Bhagavad Gita & its message Aurobindo writes: and Yeats recognised the validity of Nietzsches diagnosis that filled him with forboding, as he wrote in the second coming Given, that we know of no aliens; its an absurd fallacy to declare that aliens will be pure rational beings. Looking around the this world given how the life-sphere (I mean animals as well humans) is dominated by the emotional, passionate & irrational as well as reason. As this is the only grounds from which we can concieve of aliens - its likely that they will have both these drives - reason & emotion. This sets it of from Nobleness which is a species of Beauty. He expands: Nietschze criticised Christianity for espousing slave morality. How true is this? Given that Christianity became the religion of the ruling classes, isn't it more correct to say that slave morality is espoused by the ruling classes, not for themselves, but for the ruled? And Wilderness is Paradise enow. The original position is Rawls replacement of the (hypothetical) originary state of Mankind theorised in social contract theory - the state of nature, as by Hobbes; the principles that govern society are to be chosen behind a veil of ignorance; in the original position one does not know what talents, what gender what race or intelligence one will be endowed with; hence Rawls argue that fairness will govern society. It is the arousal of pity and horror, and then their cleansing or purification that Aristotle calls Cartharsis. To now go onto the points that you raise: This actually makes more sense to me, especially 'absurdism'. Is it about the entirely arbitrary acts of a man, and he himself gives them meaning, or none at all, if he choses to or not?