Why have individual members of Congress, at all, if it's about monolithic, uniform party votes? There have been divisions within the GOP about the debt ceiling ever since Congressional members first started using it as a bargaining chip - some don't understand how it works, others think it should be used to leverage spending cuts where they want it, others still think it should be raised as a normal matter of business. That's going to mean, no, they can't necessarily just pass anything whenever they have a majority +1 advantage. See "Obamacare" replacement, then repeal only, then even the promise to repeal it, as a working example of that. 

Late in the game, they found that the Russians had also breached GOP systems, but had not leaked information in a similar fashion. This caused the intelligence organizations to conclude that the Russians were hacking not just to cause general mischief, but to throw the election in a particular direction. 

Trump fired Comey, specifically, according to him, because he was unhappy about the FBI investigation dragging on Many more members of his campaign, transition and administration team claimed not to have contact with Russian officials and have been found to have had them, including AG Sessions Sessions said he would recuse himself from all matters involving the Russian investigation (which angered Trump greatly), but recommended Comey be fired. Comey, after being fired, revealed that Trump had asked him to end the investigation into Flynn, which, again, was a criminal investigation, and had made memos of those meetings. When initially riding out the firestorm of the Comey firing, Trump Tweeted vague threats to Comey. The fact that the administration originally had an implausibly deniable reason they forwarded for Comey's firing, which was immediately undercut by Trump, led to former FBI Director Robert Mueller being brought in as an Independent Special Counsel, with a pretty much open-ended mandate to investigate all things relating to the Russian interference. Jared Kuschner, Trump's son-in-law who has been delegated the responsibility for saving the entire planet and fixing all woes, had extensive contacts and had proposed back-channel communications with the Russian government, contrary to their own claims. Reuters:Trump son-in-law had undisclosed contacts with Russians Given all the matters of normal separation from conflicts of interest, and maintaining appearances and actual propriety that Trump disdains and specifically ignored for these events, Mueller immediately escalated the review of Trump involvement with trying to alter the investigation and the entire Russia counter-intel investigation (given his actions) into a full criminal investigation. 

As is often the case with investigations, attempts to forestall or minimize the effects of the investigation only caused them to balloon. 

Originally, during the summer and fall of 2016, during the presidential campaign, there was evidence gathered from the intel community that the Russians were trying to meddle with the elections. Hacking and releasing information (illegal), setting up real-ish looking news sites with phony stories that opportunistic partisans would link to as proof that their side was pure and the other evil, etc, and even probes of state and municipal voting systems, which was especially worrysome. 

VOA News: Several Investigations Underway on Trump-Russia Connections (3/2/2017) 

NY Times: Loath to Meddle in Election, Obama Delayed Blaming Russia 

The reason why there is an assumption that the Republicans won't vote against Trump in unanimous lockstep, like they did as a matter of policy with Obama, is if the Congressional Republicans basically declare war on their own party leader, no one but the Dems can win (given their track record, that's not a given, either), short or long term. They will be viewed as an incompetent party, in complete disarray and will be viewed as a party that demonstrated there is no reason to put them in majorities because they can't get anything done when they have all the needed levers of power to do whatever they want.