In their one major operation, Communists forces targeted depleted, unprepared Japanese garrisons[4]. Yet despite the destruction they carried out, in terms of actual fighting they didn't do particularly well against all but very isolated groups of Japanese troops[5]. There is no real sign that they were any better than the Nationalist guerrillas, who - as was the case on the frontlines - bore the brunt of Japanese counterinsurgency operations. - Elleman, Bruce A. Modern Chinese Warfare, 1795-1989. Routledge, 2005. 

In fact, such rotations throughout the British Isles would come to be seen as a beneficial exercise in nation building in this early age of nation-states. Its effectiveness in reality is another matter, though. - Laqueur, Walter. Guerrilla Warfare: A Historical and Critical Study. Transaction Publishers, 1976. - Phillips, Andrew. War, Religion and Empire: the Transformation of International Orders. Cambridge University Press, 2010. 

As a side note, at Nagashino the Takeda army numbered only 15,000. They assaulted a dug in Oda-Tokugawa formation of 38,000 strong, and was routed after a vicious 8 hour battle. I feel there's a tendency to look too hard for reasons behind the Takeda defeat, when sometimes god is simply on the side of big battalions. 

In conclusion, just about every relevant detail in the supposed event is contradicted by facts. Thus, the primary means of keeping an army fed were supply trains. Every war involved numerous wagons responsible for replenishing an army in the field with supplies from the state's central stockpiles. - Lew, Christopher R. The Third Chinese Revolutionary Civil War, 1945–49: An Analysis of Communist Strategy and Leadership. Routledge, 2009. [1]: I assume the OP is really comparing the Communists with the Nationalists, because the so-called "8th route army" was in fact a unit of the "NRA". The National Revolutionary Army was the official military of the Republic of China and contains many factions nominally loyal to the central government, including the Communists. They were initially incorporated into the national army as the Eighth Route Army, but their official designation during most of the war was in fact "18th Army Group of the National Revolutionary Army". Since Jiang was apparently not the top graduate, the story that he received a sword for being the best pupil is clearly wrong. Note: Modern British Militia were authorised by the Militia Act of 1757, which organised regiments on per-county basis. So a "Cornish Militia" wouldn't have been the militia of a Duchy of Cornwall, which was and is really a collection of manors moreso than an actual geopolitical unit. Though, the Cornwall Militia did become the Duke of Cornwall's Rangers.