Football will have to find some way to play games in places that fans want to visit. Indoors would be preferable but fans and the NFL probably are going to want a standard field. These teams really need to be in cities where there isn't great sports competition and the only venues indoors are mainly in the NFL - a few colleges might be able to help out here. Also the intimacy of the experience is off putting 10K-15K fans in a stadium that holds 70K. Same holds true putting the games in a college outdoor stadium. Just no real answer for the facilities issue that a minor league football system would face and really the reason for so many minor league football failures. Note: Rule 12, Section 3 would cover this in the NFL. In the NCAA Rules 9-2-3-b and -c and really the entire forward of the rulebook. The only answer is for the NFL to step in and build a few stadiums using the same kind of slow build style that has been used for soccer over the past 10 years. In fact they might be able to use some of the newer soccer stadiums. It is a given that a football team would start its season in the winter or spring so there is a lot of chance for sharing stadiums but even if they have shared stadiums that have little upfront money, there will be losses for years until there is a fan base to support these events. My own opinion on this is somewhere in between never punt and the current status quo. I think it is more about match up and situation. Now does it make me cringe 99.9% of the time I see a coach at any level punt the ball on the opponents 45 on 4th and 2. YES! Unless you have no offensive ability it never makes sense to give up the ball and probable scoring chance for 2 yards. Back to your question. Learning a playbook is really only rocket science for QBs. They have to know all of the terminology for every position. If you have a dumb QB you better pick 5-10 plays and create an option off that and go with that. Each player is only worried about their part generally. I would expect a player to be able to run any play after 3-4 practices without much of a problem. Your smart players will learn everything through repetition in a couple of weeks. I love it when a tackle smacks a receiver on the back of the head and tells him to run the right route and it happens all the time. Yes you could put a slot in motion to guess man defense but this would be akin to reading the knuckles of offensive lineman to guess run or pass. Anyone not on the line of scrimmage can take a snap - rules of football. A guard is a position next to the center on the line of scrimmage so the answer is - No. Now pro terminology might be sort of close to college - because a lot of the NFL players came from bigtime colleges with pro concepts on offense. So rookies may be in for a shock because the are learning the same thing in a different way. As a college player you learned "how to speak" and now you go to the NFL and someone is telling you that green tomatoes are now tomate verde. Just like a language certain terminology that you used is mixed in but there are new things, so things do get confusing. And then the pros have one more thing to add on to that. They can be traded from team to team and every team will have a slightly different dialect or speak its own language. The answer you accepted is undeniably incorrect for the NFL - I know it is an old question and answer but this needs a correct answer. Yes NFL teams may have their slot motion to drag a man defender over to a particular side of the field. Just because he moves with the receiver is not even a "good" indication that they are playing man. A lot of teams employee man-zone principles where they will employ man coverage underneath or on set players and zone elsewhere. The safety and corner splits are a better indicator and using this to guess is why bad QBs throw a lot of stupid picks. a well coached team will use a motion man to create a mismatch on defense. So if you have a slot WR with a very fast #2 WR you can throw your slot in motion to see if the corner will follow. If corner follows you have a speed matchup. However... This is not baseball. Punting is very comparable to bunting by the stat heads. But baseball is a series of events that have little impact on one another. Football is the opposite. This is where this type of historical statistical analysis breaks down. Now offense goes up by 4 after XP try is good. We access 15 yard penalty against defensive team on the kickoff because we flagged the head coach and every assistant they had. So on the 4th time we awarded offense a touchdown. This almost caused a riot. This was 15+ years ago and I was a young ref doing a big high school game. Today we would have gone the forfeit route but at the time awarding touchdown was the way to go.