According to Parley P. Pratt, an early apostle: 

The Community of Christ and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints separated after the death of Joseph Smith. Both churches recognize him as the first latter-day prophet and church president until his death. One of the most important things Joseph Smith did in his lifetime was bringing forth the Book of Mormon as another witness of Jesus Christ. He considered it to be the word of God. In fact, according to Joseph Smith: 

Joseph Smith considered the Book of Mormon to be: 

Latter-day Saints in other countries do not typically sing United States patriotic songs. 

The Book of Mormon Project has a PDF that appears to have text from the 1980 edition of the Book of Mormon – based on the copyright date (1985). I don't speak German, so you'll have to let us know if it's the correct edition. :) I was also able to find several used versions of the book in print, for sale online. 

Joseph Smith, who received the Word of Wisdom, and prophets since his time have stated that "hot drinks" means tea and coffee. This includes decaffeinated coffee, and cold coffee and tea. It does not include chocolate, hot chocolate, or warm milk. 

Often tea is further interpreted by Latter-day Saints to be any drink derived from the plant Camellia sinensis – like green tea, black tea, and iced tea – but there's still debate around mate, herbal teas, etc. The Church has not officially clarified beyond "coffee and tea." 

For a short time, the Church also published national anthem inserts for the English hymnbook, labeled as hymn 342: 

Some members of the Church abstain from caffeine – you will find that it varies from family to family. This is an effort to take care of the body and likely stems from the fact that one of the obvious ingredients in coffee and tea is caffeine. Caffeine is, in fact, a drug. However, the Word of Wisdom, as set forth in D&C 89, does not specifically prohibit caffeine, nor has the Church officially taught that members should not drink caffeine.