There is a city in India that is owned entirely by one company and resorts almost entirely to its own private security force in lieu of governmental police, and there is a religiously affiliated compound/village in Africa that operates on a similar basis. But, again, this is not true at the national level in any country of which I am aware. 

The procedural implementation of Sharia law, particularly in Sunni Islam, can be rather tricky, because Sunni Islam does not have a unified religious hierarchy the way that the Roman Catholic Church and many other established church denominations do. Organizationally, Sunni Islam is organized more like Baptist churches or independent non-denominational churches are in the United States without a body that has supreme authority over everyone in the faith. (Most forms of Shia Islam have a more hierarchical organizational structure.) 

Certain kinds of regulators, such as tax collectors, have historically been financed, in whole or in part, from a share of the revenues they collect in the course of their duties (something that persists today with civil forfeiture statutes that benefit the collecting agencies and municipal law enforcement agencies funded primarily with fines they collect), but this really isn't private financing either. 

Also, there are elaborate regulations regarding what particular name can be given to particular types of wine (for example, what percentage of what kinds of grapes must be present to call a wine a "Merlot" or what a wine must do to carry a geographic identifier). 

This authority is shared by Congressional Committees, the General Accountability Office (GAO) formerly known as the General Accounting Office of Congress, and by grand juries, judicial conduct and attorney conduct committees and certain officials in the administrative office of the Courts (which reports to the Chief Justice of the United States). 

Who Commences An Investigation In the executive branch, investigations are usually begun when someone who either has the express authority to conduct investigations, or has control over resources sufficient to conduct investigations, does so, sometimes at the request of an outsider and sometimes on the official's own initiative. In some agencies (for example, the IRS) the process of commencing an investigation (for example, of a taxpayer) is very formal, and in others, it is ad hoc or primarily complaint based. 

The issue is not citizenship, it is affiliation with an enemy designated in the AUMF. 

The fact that adultery is illegal in Colorado also prevents it from becoming a protected right. For example, an employer could fire an employee for adultery, or refuse to hire or promote someone because they have committed adultery, without violating Colorado law. Also, this illegality of adultery, even without penalty, validates the fact that in a defamation action, a knowingly false statement that someone has committed adultery is actionable and can provide a basis for an award of money damages for harm to a person's reputation. 

But, in practice, the only remedy someone has available if the legislature passes an unconstitutional law is to have a court determine that the law is invalid, which a court will only do in the event of an actual live dispute over its validity (the case or controversy requirement see U.S. Constitution, Article III, Section 2, Clause 1) by someone actually materially affected by the law (the standing requirement). 

All of the land in Lakeside is owned by one person and all of the taxes imposed by Lakeside are paid by that one person who controls all of the elected offices, effectively sets the amount of taxes that will be imposed, and finances all municipal government operations including a police force which maintains law and order with full governmental authority on the property owner's property. (The current owner is the elderly daughter of the original sole owner of all of the property in this municipality, so she actually received her power on a hereditary basis.) 

For example, there is no practical punishment for a judge who rules in favor of someone who the judge believes is lying and against someone who the judge believes is telling the truth by stating that the judge believes the liar is telling the truth. We trust the judge to be sincere in ruling on the evidence even if there is no practical way to prove that the judge really is sincere. And, usually judges do that, in part, because they have no reason to prefer breaking the law to not breaking the law, and in part, because they were carefully selected for their job for their integrity. 

A number of countries allow sixteen or seventeen year olds to vote in at least some elections and would be most likely to have elected officials who were under eighteen. The voting age is 16 in Brazil, Austria, Nicaragua, Argentina, some states in Germany and a canton in Switzerland. It is 17 in Indonesia and South Sudan. Sixteen year olds were allowed to vote in the Scottish referendum on independence in 2014, but they can't vote in candidate elections in Scotland. Norway experimented with a lowered voting age in 2011. "Studies from a municipal election in the United States, as well as national elections in Denmark and Austria, have shown that 16- and 17-year-olds are avid political participants and that voting at 16 and 17 is habit-forming." 

Sometimes investigations are conducted only by attorneys, by non-attorney investigators under the supervision of attorneys, or only by non-attorney investigators or administrators. Some investigators have conducting investigations as their primary or sole job responsibility, while other administrations may conduct investigations as part of a variety of job responsibilities. Investigations can be both military and civilians or both. When more than one agency is involved in an investigation it is normally called a "joint investigation". 

To Relieve Someone Who Complies Of Obligations To Third-Parties That Would Otherwise Exist Another possible impact of a law, even without penalties, is to relieve someone subject to the law from any penalty for taking the actions that the law requires.