A flush draw has 9 outs (13-4). An open ended straight draw has 8 outs. get tricky and change bet size just makes it more complex without changing the math If villain gets a J then cannot beat them unless they play just plain stupid If you are putting them in a must call all in situation then have a hand that is ahead a random hand. To me this is a Best hand versus AA as every way I look at it it seems like 67s should be better. 

In GTO the the theoretical maximum bluff rate is 1/2 but with blinds it is less 13C3 x 4C1 x 13C2 x 3C1 / 52C5 = 0.103 8.7 : 1 

Depending on how often the BU raises you should be defending with a re-raise a decent range. If you defend with 88+ and sometimes just suited connector then AA will not stick out. Just call with some of your re-raise range sometimes but I would always re-raise AA here. On a big table JTs - 65s all go up in value for the ability to make straight and or flush. JT is more likely to make a straight than KQ as KQ is blocked above. You can play them in mid to late if you are getting in cheap. Ace little suited is still a good hand. Short handed A8s plays much stronger than 87s. But 10 handed A8s and 78s are almost the same against a random table. 

Continue after the turn if you don't hit is another thing! One big factor is if you hit on turn you have you have two more rounds to get paid off. If they fire off 1/2 the pot again that is 1/2 of a much bigger pot and now you would need to get paid off on 1/2 of much much bigger pot on the river if you hit - not likely. And you need consider they are likely on 2 pair or trips to fire twice like that so now two of your outs are gone to a boat. Your outs are 7 of 46 = 4.6:1. At this point you hope they check to you as about all you can call is a 1/4 pot bet. I see a 1/2 pot call on the flop as trap you only use in the right situation that either gets sprung on the turn or not. If it works you don't want to just get paid off - you want it to sting. Let them think you cannot be chased off a draw with 1/2 pot bet.