Therein lies some level of contradiction: It's not obvious that forms of hijab not covering the face or, indeed, nun habits are less problematic from a gender equality perspective. It seems likely that there are many more women wearing a regular hijab who feel pressured to do so, whereas wearing the niqab is almost certainly the result of a personal political or religious choice. But the law does not cover the former while banning the latter. The answer is probably “none”. Freedom of speech is not something that impose any obligations to other people, you don't have to listen to, support or otherwise enable someone's expression of their opinions. A newspaper does not have to publish anything you send them, your neighbour does not have to provide power to your sound system if you want to make a speech, etc. 

On the other hand, religious symbols or figures are not protected as such by French law. You won't find any law defining blasphemy in general law (but see below) or punishing offenses against Christ or Christianity. But there is a fine line between insulting a religion and insulting a group of people because of their religion. 

That's why there are frequently demands for legislation to make lobbying more transparent. By making it clearer which politician gets influenced by whom, the whole political process which leads to a decision becomes more visible to the public, and politicians are motivated to listen to contrary viewpoints to avoid accusations of being influenced by just a single organization. According to §107a StGB [German|English] (Falsification of election results), voting in the name of someone else is a crime punishable by up to 5 years in prison. And why does the media react to this so predictable? Because when thousands of protesters hold up pictures of a face and chant a name, people want to know why. So it's the job of the media to provide people with the background information and do research how justified this specific claim by a protest movement is. So the case gets far more media attention than similar cases. 

Requirements for different political offices are different. So you would need to look at the exact requirements for a political office to tell if it might theoretically be open to legal persons. For example, Article 2 of the US constitution says about the requirements of being the president: •Offense of the king, president or any public figure. When one says "black men are x% more likely to be stopped by the police and y% more likely to be shot during it" it has not that much of an emotional impact on the listener. Even worse: It allows the listener to make up their own interpretation for the reasons for this statistic, and might interpret it in a way which reassures their own racist bias. §130 of the German criminal code (Public Incitement) forbids to call for violent actions against groups of the population based on nationality, religion or ethnicity or against individual people because they belong to such a group. The same paragraph also forbids holocaust denial or approval ("assault the human dignity of the victims by approving of, denying or rendering harmless the violent and arbitrary National Socialist rule"). 

Multiple laws allow for the negation or commutation of penalties. The courts may reduce a sentence, a Governor or President may pardon someone. 

The FCPA was repealed when the 1971 Federal Election Campaign Act was passed. It was amended several times. It established the Federal Election Commission and increased disclosure of contributions for federal campaigns. It was amended in 1974 to place legal limits on the campaign contributions. Corporations are currently prohibited from making campaign contributions. 

Political Action Committees have First Amendment rights (see Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission 

How the system got to be this way and why. What were the driving forces? 

The relevant constitution text: 

The Act didn't have any teeth, because it lacked penalties and an enforcement method. Congress would later pass the Federal Corrupt Practices Act 

As for how this is different than bribery, it would require that the campaign contribution was given to the government official with the promise to influence an official act; aid in committing fraud; or for them to omit doing their lawful duty. 

Ever since Marbury v Madison, the Supreme Court of the United States has had the power to determine what is and what isn't constitutional, and to strike down (or roll-back) an unconstitutional law. 

Elected Officials may not accept campaign contributions from corporations. Section 393 of the Transportation Code is the law that governs signs on public ways. 

Contributions made from the treasuries of corporations, labor organizations and national banks are prohibited. Additionally, national banks and federally chartered corporations may not make contributions in connection with any election, including state and local elections. Contributions may, however, be made from separate segregated funds (also called political action committees or PACs) established by corporations, labor organizations, national banks, and incorporated membership organizations. 11 CFR 114.2 and 114.5. 

Houston, Texas is inside Harris County. The Texas Legislature passed the Bandit Sign Law in 2007 (House Bill 413 that added civil penalties and empowered the County Attorney and District Attorney to take legal action to collect those penalties. It all began in 1907 with theTillman Act, Teddy Roosevelt stated in his annual address before Congress: