There is no feedback about flags to the commenter, giving the process zero educational value. 

It is also always perfectly legitimate for any user on the site to take the commenter's information, and turn it into an answer. (Of course, you need to make sure that it's a complete, good, and correct answer.) Of course, it's polite (and technically, even required) to credit the commenter in the answer. 

Hide flagged comments quickly, before the deletion threshold is reached (say, after 2 flags) from the eyes of unregistered and low-rep users. This hides bad comments from the world but gives the community enough time to dispute bad flaggings. The comments stay visible to registered and higher-rep users; when enough flags have amassed, the comment gets deleted and becomes visible only to mods, just as it works now. 

"RTFM" is rude, no doubt about it. However, links to the manual in comments are perfectly acceptable, and sometimes the only appropriate response to a question. 

If you see such a thing, and the comment is the perfect answer to the question, you can suggest to the commenter that they provide a full answer. There are many good reasons to do that, for example the fact that comments are second-class citizens and may get deleted by moderators, or perhaps you have follow-up questions. 

Clicking on that link makes the comment permanent, ie. it does not vanish when reaching the maximum lifetime. It works like all comments do currently. Other than that, it remains a perfectly normal comment. It can still be deleted by the author or by moderators, of course. 

That means that if 5 users think a comment is snarky or rude, it can be hidden from the public and newbie users, who learn a site's style from the interactions that take place there. To everyone else, the comment would be greyed out, an indication that the community is unhappy with it. 

Don't submit it, but leave the page by entering a URL in the address bar. 

It's not terribly grave, but weird enough. Plus it can lead to awkward situations if a comment gets posted that you didn't want posted after all. Also I'd be curious to learn what's causing it! 

Flagging removes a comment without notice when enough people are upset about its contents. It's a great tool and needs to stay. Downvoting would help express discontent with tone and contents in a much better way. Nobody likes to get downvoted, and if the community starts downvoting snarkiness, I'm sure it would effect a real change. 

Many people use it to remove obsolete discussions without involving a moderator to do the cleanup. 

Here's a concrete feature request. 

As discussed repeatedly already, the following scenario happens a thousand times every day on Stack Overflow: 

Cleaning up comments becomes less important. Mods have less work. 

I'm against this - be it noise or not, a comment can be part of a meaningful conversation that would be rendered useless without it. 

Make sure the comment is long enough to be submitted. 

In general, however, as jmort253 points out, humour is welcomed as long as it doesn't distract from the issues. A question entirely designed for a laugh but with zero technical substance is likely to be closed and/or deleted, even by those who love humour.