I might suggest that Ockham's razor cuts both ways on these sorts of questions. Remember that Bostrom's own presentation of the question is a trilemma: either Why do philosophical problems come about? D+G emphasize in What is Philosophy? that we should not consider philosophy as a "higher" sort of activity than its cultural "rival" disciplines, science and art. Now, if we are granting that we are in someone's ancestor simulation, it is certainly possible that we may run into certain limits "hardcoded" by various parameters of the simulation -- an example might be that there could be clauses in the simulation programming designed to identify civilizations that begin to develop the ability to simulate, and take some in-simulation action based on those events (which could include just about anything up to and including triggering the termination of the simulation, etc.) Philosophy is not more or less difficult than art or science. It cannot even be said to think more, since artists undoubtedly think but in a different fashion altogether, through a different medium (e.g., colors in composition), and scientists and mathematicians surely think as well (even if through variables assembled into functional relationships.) Instrumentalism is an important position characteristic of pragmatism, alongside radical empiricsm and conceptual relativity. Consider the maxim of logic formulated by Pierce (which he called the "maxim of pragmatism" before the movement was even named): Just kidding, as a fellow engineer, I have an inkling where you are digging at. Welcome to the fascinating underbelly of mathematics, which is constantly churning and mixing with the philosophy of mathematics. It behaves a bit differently than the upper tiers. Instead of trying to make powerful earth shattering statements about our reality, like proving there are countably infinite primes, they're trying to define the most subtle and intuitive assumptions you can make to get there. Your concept that it is an appeal to intuition is valid, because that's what it is. Also, paradoxically, you wouldn't be able to point our that non-mathematical real thing either. If you could successfully point it out to him in terms he would recognize as identifying an object, you would have to do so in a formal language (he would not accept anything else). By doing so, you provide a mathematical description for the thing (you used a formal language to do it), and he would be able to stand on his claim that it is merely an undecidable time-evolution, literally until the end of time.