Lord Xinling led the five armies to crush Qin's forces (west of the Yellow River) ... Fearful, the Qin king bribed a Wei courtier with 1,000 gold pieces to slander Lord Xinling ... Once Lord Xinling was dead, Qin attacked and took sacked 20 cities. 18 years later Wei's capital to the sword. 

Lord Shang assisted him. Domestically, he established laws and encouraged agriculture and weaving, and prepared for war. Externally, he made Horizontal Alliances to pit the states against each other. And thus the people of Qin easily took land east of the Yellow River. 

The Three Jins (Wei, Zhao, Han) shielded Qi and Chu; Qi and Chu supported the Three Jins. They relied on each other inside and out. Thus the Three Jin's attacks on Qi and Chu were like cutting off their own roots; Qi and Chu's attacks on the Three Jin is like removing their own defences. 

Note: I'm taking "Danish people" to mean people that lived in Denmark. 

Occasionally armies would harvest the farmlands of their enemies as well as forage, but for the larger armies of the late Warring States era, supply wagons were a necessity. 

Similarly, Dyeus did become Zeus and (probably) was venerated in prehistoric Ukraine. But there's nothing particularly Ukrainian about him, or the other Proto-Indo-European gods that went on to become Graeco-Roman/German/Slavic deities. Ukraine was simply one of the many regions (albeit probably an early one) where the ancient Indo-Europeans lived. 

Prior to 209, the oldest living former censor was by tradition appointed the princeps senatus. As a matter of custom, this patrician would be re-nominated to the position until his death, at which point the next most senior former censor succeeds him. 

The oldest Biblical manuscript is Papyrus P52 containing a fragment of the Gospel According to John. It dates to around 100-150 A.D., and is usually cited as from 125 AD. 

Thus, the primary means of keeping an army fed were supply trains. Every war involved numerous wagons responsible for replenishing an army in the field with supplies from the state's central stockpiles. 

Serving Qin with land is like trying to put out a fire with firewood. The fire does not go out until the wood runs out. 

Greek was in wide usage as the lingua franca of the Near East. It also has the benefit of actually surviving Roman rule, in the same capacity, all the way till the Late Antiquity. The Romans themselves read and spoke Greek. Thus, Greek works have had a much greater chance of surviving simply from a great, wider, and more durable distribution. 

If I'm wrong and your teacher meant something other than the Proto-Indo-Europeans, then their claims would be even more unsustainable. 

Granted, this is not undisputed, since most records (where there was any indication at all) seem to suggest both censors agreed on the candidate. One explanation is that the choice belong to one censor, but he is obliged to seek his colleague's consent. Alternatively, it has been theorised that normally, the censors make the appointment jointly, but if the censors could not agree, then the dispute is resolved by lot. 

This affair is actually somewhat similar to the later Crusades of Christendom: 

Subsequently, the Proto-Indo-Europeans dispersed throughout Eurasia in a series of migrations (probably intermarrying with existing locals as they went). By about 1,000 B.C., the Proto-Indo-Europeans have spread from their Urheimat to much of Europe as well as Iran and India, which matches what your teacher says. Wikipedia has a map charting these movements: 

Therefore, not all 200,000+ soldiers were physically present at Wulin, where the famous burning of the ships took place. Note that some have argued that Tsao Tsao's forces totaled ~220,000 overall, i.e. some were left in the north to guard his homeland. In this interpretation, perhaps no more than 100,000 actually took part in the battle. 

In general, the name of the figure depicted is inscribed on the left edge. The apparent lack of letters around the possible P for instance may suggest this might be Pax, though that doesn't explain the possible T character to its lower right. 

According to Pierre Amandry, the idea of an ecstatic and unintelligible priestess was sparked by Plato in his Phaedrus, section 244. Amandry argued that early Christian writers adopted this image of hysterical women, and this subsequently became the popular image of the Delphi oracles. 

That Qin had the great fortune of unassailable geography was sort of a conventional wisdom in ancient China. The Han Dynasty political writer, Jia Yi, also opened his treatise on Qin's failure with: 

- Nansen, Fridtjof, and Chater, Arthur. In Northern Mists. Cambridge University Press, 2014. 

In Ancient China, the primary method of coordinating units were to use flags, drums and gongs. Beating drums was a signal to advance, whereas ringing gongs was an order to retreat. The use of flags instructed units on the battlefield to move in specific directions. 

- Ancient Society. Vol. 5-6. Katholieke Universiteit Te Leuven, 1974. 210. 

It's more accurate to say the video depicts Roman control of Hampshire, not the Isle of Wight per se. That island is too small to really be seen on such a video of the world map. This means that this video likely meant to depict the Atrebates kingdom established by Commius in Britain, which was known to control much of modern Hampshire and Sussex. 

Separately, Ashoka the Great left records of sending Buddhist missionaries into the West, including to Alexandria. They don't seem to have had much impact, though we know diplomatic (and commercial) contact continued thence.