They also objected over other minor points. In the end, the Soviet Union refused to sign along with Czechoslovakia and Poland. 

So, yes, there was involvement from South and Central America, but it did not play an instrumental part in either of the World Wars. 

Japan agreed to pay war reparations of 1.3 trillion yen. The Japanese GDP in 1952 was 6,217 billion yen. So the reparation was 20.91% of the Japanese GDP. The Japanese GDP in 2011 was equivalent to $5.869 trillion 2011 USD. So the reparations were equivalent to 1,224 billion 2011 USD. This was all proposed at the Treaty of San Francisco in 1952. The soviet Union, however, disagreed with many points: 

The Molch, another German Midget submarine, was highly unsuccessful. Although 393 were built, it suffered heavy losses. 

This organization was instrumental in organizing the nations of South and Central America. In fact, before the founding of it, some of these nations recognized Manchukuo as a legitimate state. 

As you get further from the primary source, more errors and bias are introduced into the work. 

If a historical work doesn't have any source cited, you can bet your shoes it has more than just the facts in it. Always, always, always check a historical work for sources. Those are its credentials. No sources, probably not worth your time. If it has deep sources, there's a good chance it is mostly factual history. I cannot say it enough: sources are the root of factual history. Don't listen to something that doesn't take the time to cite its sources. It's almost always junk designed simply to excite the audience and turn a profit. 

Until the early 1980s, Communist China officially denounced Trotskyism as an "anti-Leninism and anti-revolutionary" movement. This party line is largely instigated by Stalin as an extension of his domestic factional politics in the 1930s. Thus, the Stalinist Communists have been denouncing Chinese Trotskyists over political reasons, with little attention given to Trotsky's actual ideology. 

Since it was left deliberately vague, Bhutan's pre-existing independence was maintained. Technically it never did become a princely state under the British Raj. 

A famous case was that of three term Maryland Representative John Hill, a bitter opponent of the Prohibition who decided to make some wine and cider and reported himself. 

- Section 1, Amendment XVIII of the United States Constitution 

It is tempting to attribute the carrying of swords to the traditional association of samurai and the katana, but this was not the initial motivation. The practice in fact introduced in the late 19th century as a part of the Meiji reforms. In her effort to modernise her armed forces, Japan adopted western style uniforms. The standard blade introduced in Meiji 19 (1886) thus emulated the western sabre: 

Before 1940, "Costa Rica, El Salvador and the Dominican Republic offered diplomatic recognition of the Japanese puppet state of Manchukuo which was not recognized as a legitimate state by a majority of the world’s nations at the time." Note Dominican Republic is North American. 

If a historical work doesn't have any source cited, you can bet your shoes it has more than just the facts in it. Always, always, always check a historical work for sources. Those are its credentials. No sources, probably not worth your time. If it has deep sources, there's a good chance it is mostly factual history. I cannot say it enough: sources are the root of factual history. Don't listen to something that doesn't take the time to cite its sources. It's almost always junk designed simply to excite the audience and turn a profit. 

Why did World War II-era unguided bombs whine or whistle? | Answerbag