You can check out their online presence, they have a nice introudction + bidirectional dictionary. The same page provides another nice, though non-linguistic example which may help you understand the meaning better: "For example, a paper pattern for a dress may be said to be isomorphic to the cut-out cloth with respect to the size and shape; they differ only in their material."3 However, when translating English to Finnish, the distinction does become relevant: Depending on whether or is used in the exclusive or the inclusive sense, the translation will result in either vai or tai, the two words having a different meaning in Finnish. Syntax is the study of the internal structure of phrases and sentences, and the hierarchies, grammatical functions and relations between constituents. From my proposed tag wiki for syntax: First of all, recursion is the process by which a rule gets applied to its own output. The linguistic relation between the lexical items resembles (!) one of hypernymy and hyponymy: The word jacuzzi would be a hyponym to the word hot tub and the word hot tub would be a hypernym to the word jacuzzi - if one regarded "hot tub" as a word, which is not entirely accurate because it actually consists of two words, so this terminology which is defined on words doesn't apply here that nicely. A more straightforward example would be something like cat being a hyponym to animal and animal being a hypernym to cat (every cat is an animal, but not every animal is a cat). These "version" morphemes are found, in very similar form, in other languages of the Kartvelian family. Similar morphology, also described as version systems, is also found in some Turkic languages of Siberia, in the isolate Burushaski, and in South Munda Gorum, an Austroasiatic language of India; these systems are functionally similar to version but formally very different. It has been suggested that the focus systems of Austronesian languages, and the viewpoint aspect systems found in some Trans-New Guinea languages have similar functions to version. I think the standard definition of dialect makes this fairly clear: mutually intelligible varieties that differ in systematic ways. So 'Indian English' (if there is a single such entity and it is spoken as a complete linguistic code) is a dialect of English. I don't see why it has to be a L1 to be a dialect of English. The Wikipedia article that says: "British English is the form of English used in the United Kingdom. It includes all English dialects used within the United Kingdom." is simply using the non-technical term "form" to refer to the grouping of all dialects of English found in the United Kingdom.