The War of 1812 had six official endings: one for at land and five for at sea. The Treaty of Ghent states: "All hostilities both by sea and land shall cease as soon as this Treaty shall have been ratified by both parties as hereinafter mentioned." The American Senate ratified the treaty on February 16th, 1815, making this the earliest defensible date for the end of the war. It may be the German V-3, with a maximum range of 165 km. It was destroyed before it could be fired, although several experimental models were used in Luxembourg in 1944-1945. After the war, a U.S.-Canadian group revived the V-3, hoping to use it as a cheap weay to launch objects into space. According to this military history site: Of course, why had Denmark-Norway signed this treaty with Russia in the first place? Well, that certainly had something to do with power. It's an issue of ultimate versus proximate causes. Consequential fighting on land lasted right up until ratification, well past the Battle of New Orleans. Andrew Jackson and the British invasion force knew that the war hadn't ended with the Battle of New Orleans. Jackson refused to rescind his order for martial law in New Orleans until he received some indication that peace had been reached by negotiators in Europe (Brands p. 287). In the earlier times, in Antiquity, when writers mentioned atrocities, they usually did not emphasize babies and pregnant women (except in the Bible). It is much more common to read that just all inhabitants, sometimes including animals, were slaughtered. It seems that people cared less about babies and women. A less important reason in the case of UK, but important for other countries like Soviet Union, was the shortage of labor in agriculture, because of the military draft. But I don't think this third reason was important for UK. So it is possible that the idea comes from the Bible, and then spread together with Christianity and Islam. Can anyone find this kind of story in pagan writers? Unfortunately, all references that I now have are in Russian, including Djilas. But there exist also many German ones, including two German movies, based on published accounts of the victims, that I have seen. I mean all kinds of things happened. Your question is too general. EDIT. In Wikipedia, there is a "List of wars" by years. You can see from it that there was no year without a war somewhere. NKVD did try to fight this, at least on some later stage, and certain number of Soviet soldiers were tried and punished for rape, violence, robbery and murders. A ruler who survived a siege would certainly be deprived at least of some of his subjects. EDIT. Here is a much earlier example: For these reasons, there was a shortage of food, and they had to introduce rationing. You also ask about Soviet leadership. There is no doubt that leadership knew what is going on. It also tried to restrict violence but too late and too little. All memoirs agree in that the violence was strongest in the beginning of occupation of Germany, that some high commanders considered it normal and justified it, and official media encouraged it (I. Ehrenburg's articles in central newspapers, for example). At a later stage they tried to restrict it, probably out of concern about discipline of their army. Research on history and prehistory shows that there was no such period, contrary to some common myths about "golden age", and "peaceful primitive people". Moreover, they argue that the chances of violent death in 20s century were lower than they were in the primitive societies. That is the fraction of total population killed in all wars in 20s century is lower than during comparable periods in prehistory. See, for example: Keeley, Lawrence H., War Before Civilization. Oxford University Press, 1996. UK, like most other developed (and not so developed) countries, does not produce all food that it consumes. Some food is imported in most cases. In the case of UK during WW2 much of the food was imported. As the war started, Concerning the historical times (after the invention of writing) the evidence is abundant: war was one of the main activities of almost all human civilizations. Notice that nowadays when the armies became much smaller again, the body armor (bullet proof vests) is widely used. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rape_during_the_occupation_of_Germany I agree with the answer of Steve Bird, but I want to mention one more aspect of this. Body armor was not suddenly eliminated. It was still widely used in 17th century, and later. In general, war is a favorite occupation of humans, whether we like it or not. He wrote in the end of 11th century. Since then such accusations are often almost literally repeated. But body armor was EXPENSIVE. With increase of the size of the armies, and general social changes, the soldiers could not be expected anymore to buy it for themselves, and giving it to them was prohibitively expensive. It is not surprising that body armor first disappeared in infantry, and remained in cavalry. There was some limited use of body armor even in WWI (it can really protect you from shell splinters which were a major cause of combat deaths and wounds.)