Hebrew Mariam -> Maria (feminine of Marius) 

Under dominate order it was theorized that there should be four emperors at a time, a practice unusual for a monarchy. The practice of several emperors at a time(although usually relatives) was continued till the end of the Byzantine empire. This follows the previous tradition of two consuls or two military tribunes at a time. The term of office of an emperor under dominate was theoretically set at 8 years. 

The power of the state leader under principate was due to the office of popular tribune which had veto power. Those now called "emperors" actually had different sets of public offices. Tiberius, for example, never was proclaimed Imperator. 

It should be noted that "we just will conquer you" statements are quite rare in world's history. This is because if you use such arguments, you will experience problems in the future with concluding any treaties with other peoples, thus diplomatically unwise. 

It would hardly be surprising if Nero, as Emperor, had resented this. Although he at first accepted (or at least tolerated) her dominance, he eventually worked to undermine her power, at which point she turned to Nero's half-brother Britannicus: 

Granted, this last might not be the most authoritative of sources, but I was unable to find any sources that say slaves could not use the public baths. 

The Wikipedia article on the History of Glass cites several examples of glass objects pre-dating Roman times by at least a thousand years. On the other hand, I haven’t been able to find images of glass vision aids pre-dating the invention of eyeglasses (but there are plenty of images of bottles, beads e.t.c.). 

Are there any examples of Roman villas in Britain which were taken over and used for another purpose (monastery or otherwise)? 

but this is the closest I have come to finding anything (note the use of 'suggested'in the text above). 

A band of soft leather, called a mamillare, was sometimes used to provide support under or over the breasts. 

And this from the a French regional (Limoges)school authority blog: 

How much did Pliny exaggerate? For the Theatre of Pompey, it would seem his number is between 3 and 4 times the actual. If this scale of exaggeration is also true for the temporary theatre, we arrive at a figure of between 20,000 and 26,600. 

Another candidate is Roman Theatre at Apamea which Wikipedia describes as 

One final point: what was underwear for a wealthy Roman was often all that a slave wore (subligaculum) while a poor Roman (or a young girl) would probably wear subligaculum and a simple tunic with no stola. 

Source: H.H. Scullard, 'From the Gracchi to Nero' 

When considering Nero's persecution of the Christians, it's important to recognize that Nero was only one of many emperors to do so. As to why, 

Source: N. Bancroft Hunt (ed), Living in Ancient Rome 

Why not allow actors and other low status people in together with the slaves at least? 

I'm also wondering how the gate men at the Colosseum would know if someone was an actor or a gravedigger (though presumably ex-gladiators would be easier to spot). 

The Wikipedia article on glasses says ‘scattered evidence exists for use of vision aid devices in Greek and Roman times’ but only cites the example of Nero’s emerald. This article on Magnifying glasses states 

Nero's mother (Agrippina) was both ambitious and ruthless. With Claudius (her husband) out of the way 

And this from Sandra R. Joshel, Slavery in the Roman World 

On the continent, Wikipedia says that 

Source: S. & T. Pendergast and S. Hermsen, Fashion, Costume and Culture, vol. 1: The Ancient World 

There are a number of sources which state quite clearly that slaves could use the public baths. First, this from a blog from the University of Kent: 

In the compilation below, the top left coin is the one in the question. The other coins are all confirmed as Antoninus Pius (perhaps to hide the rather prominent chin?). 

Tunica interior with strophium. Source: http://www.forumromanum.org/life/johnston_7.html 

As shown in the picture in your question, 

One should also include the tunica interior as an undergarment as this was often worn under the stola (tunica exterior) by married women. The tunica interior 

After the Great Fire of Rome, it has been argued, Nero needed a scapegoat and the Christians were an easy target. 

Although Nero could never be considered to be anything but a tyrant (though his early years showed some promise), his brutality was hardly unusual in the context of the deadly politics of Imperial Rome. This brutality was most evident after the AD 65 plot to kill him was exposed. 

If you look at the Bible and do not skip the first part there are many, many rules pertaining to purity, ritual purity and corporeal purity as well. And, as usual, these beliefs were quite wide spread in the ancient orient: 

Conclusion Lacking complete surveys: it might be argued that indeed there was a time when there was one type of state sponsored health service unavailable to ordinary citizens within the walls of Rome. But there are certain limits to this conclusion: This only holds true for the hands-on military medicine in the imperial time, available only to those who where with the army. – All other types of medicine and care, private or public, seem to have been available to all classes most of the time, in principle. 'The state' being a problematic concept in itself, when applied to the Roman Republic or Empire, did provide direct and indirect sponsoring: temples, baths and markets (where healers practised), exempted doctors from duties like taxes and service, regardless where they served the public good (that is: health). Regarding state sponsoring: for example the public buildings of 'the state', the res publica, were largely funded by private benefactors, not the tax payers as modern readers might expect. It would therefore be quite peculiar to demand that rich benefactors paying into a public pool would count as contributing to "state-sponsored medical facilities" but patrons covering the costs for their family members and slaves would not. As shown above having access to a type of 'hospital' (in the modern sense implied in the Wikipedia article) does not say anything about the quality of care to expect there. Since the early forms were indeed with the military, and the military practitioners had horrendous track records before Caesar, being sent there was no advantage at all. The same holds true when the Empire began its steady decline in the 3rd century when it was again preferable to be treated at home or at least away from the camps and garrisons. Since this was specifically mentioned in the question: "the poor had to resort to spiritual aid". Not only was spiritual healing a perfectly accepted fine form of healing. This "last resort" holds also true for the rich in many cases when the doctors just couldn't do much more then to comfort the sick and maybe alleviate some symptoms. Much of the tradition of family and folk medicine from Roman times is lost now. In extant writings acknowledging their wisdom and successes we might conclude that the gaps between just waiting, using folk medicine and seeking a Greek professional might have been much smaller than we like to expect.