Whether it was intended or not by IFAB, the combination of these two changes have led to referees only taking action when there is blatant encroachment. The alternative, i.e. strict enforcement, would dictate that the goalkeeper would be sent-off for being millimetres off their line for a saved / missed penalty kick twice in a match. This is clearly a disproportionate punishment. If you consider that he's interfering while being offside, than give the offside Also, here's a better quality video of a different incident, with replays showing the encroachment. At the time, in 2005, the first two of these calls were probably correct, but to be consistent, the third kick should have been retaken, as a Brazilian defender (in yellow) entered the penalty area before the kick was taken and it was missed. As for your second question, with the 2016 rewrite of the Laws of the Game, referees were explicitly given broad discretion. In Law 5 - The Referee, Section 2 - Decisions of the Referee, it states: As an aside, by standing where he was, the opponent had probably already committed an offence by preventing the goalkeeper from releasing the ball from his hands (as mentioned in the second quote above), even before he challenged for the ball. On p. 110, in the interpretations section, it is elaborated on what these three somewhat ambiguous sub-clauses mean (emphasis once again mine): Nets only exist to make it clear to the refereeing team that the ball passed under the crossbar and between the post. They're not even required in the Laws, although most competitions will require them in their competition rules to make things easier for the refereeing team. From page 11, 2014/15 FIFA Laws of the Game: Law 11 makes no distinction between intentionally and unintentionally placing oneself in an offside position: On page 122 of the 2015/16 FIFA Laws of the Game: If the ball has crossed the line legally before the foul is committed, the goal counts towards the attacking team. In this case, any tackle that occurs on an attacking player is late, and hence the player committing the foul is either cautioned(i.e., shown a yellow card) or sent off(i.e., shown a red card) depending on the severity of the foul. However the attacking team does not get a penalty or a free kick. The goal stands and play is resumed via a kick off from the centre spot by the team that conceded the goal(as is normal when a goal has been scored). a) The player’s parents move to the country in which the new club is located for reasons not linked to football; As to whether this is allowed, FIFA Laws of the Game 2015/16 state: Even if the foul occurs before the ball has entered the goal, the referee will allow the goal to stand, and take appropriate action against the player committing the foul if required. This scenario falls under the purview of the Advantage Rule, where the referee is allowed to let play continue, even if a foul has occurred, if the team against whom the foul is caused has a sufficient advantage as deemed so by the referee. Even if the attacking team has caused an offence after the ball crosses into the goal, the goal stands and the referee then penalizes the player who committed the offence. Play then resumes via kick off. The only reason a goal would not stand even if ball has entered the goal, is if the attacking team has caused an offence before the ball crossed the goal line. 4. Each association shall ensure the respect of this provision by its clubs. He must not play the ball again until it has touched another player It had occurred, however, just 3 years before the Premier League started. In the final day of the 1988/89 English First Division season, Arsenal were playing Liverpool at Anfield and required a 2-0 victory to snatch the title from Liverpool's hands. Arsenal managed to pull it off as Michael Thomas scored an injury time goal to give Arsenal the title in one of the most dramatic finishes to a season in English top-flight history. Asking football to continue without FIFA is like asking for a match to be played without a referee. Apart from the fact that FIFA governs football all over the world, FIFA also organizes tournaments like the World Cup, Youth World Cup, etc and has other roles and responsibilities as described above. A solution to what you are asking would be to disband FIFA and create another regulatory body for football. But the problem here is not FIFA, but the people running FIFA. Hence, even disbanding FIFA would make no sense if the same people are running the new governing body. The real solution is to get rid of the corrupt people, and ensure FIFA is being run in a clean and transparent way. Hence, FIFA President Sepp Blatter and FIFA Vice-President Michel Platini have been given 8 year bans upon being found guilty of corruption by the FIFA Ethics Committee.