Having intimate knowledge of Kabbalah, or of how to best use a PDP-11, does not elevate your leverage on power, unless you are in very specific circumstances. You cannot claim these do not constitute more knowledge. But you can argue we should not value them. 

The overall collapse of Logical Positivism was pretty much the final nail in its coffin. It became obvious that terms were built of something and apprehension was shaped by context -- so the world really was mental. But what we meant by mental had evolved underneath. 

That same sense applies to 3). I would say that making sense is scientific, whether or not you get to the point of application. If nothing else, formal theoretical manipulation proceeding from shared intuition is mathematics, and that is still science of a sort. The two clearest examples I have encountered lately: You have divided times in half, so h-bar, which limits the product of energy and time, would go down to half of its original value unless you double energies, which requires you double masses (given E=mc^2). 

(Warning, this is a very idiosyncratic answer, and my favorite topic...) 

If mathematics is the repository of what all humans can intuitively conceive, then whatever lies behind the material world may or may not be a mathematical structure, but the entirety of what we can ever understand about the external world would be. 

From a sort of Nietzschean (or 'Selfish Gene') point of view, this is just as it should be: human perception is strongly biased toward seeing things that offer us power over our environment -- things that confirm our powers of prediction, or that answer to our dreams. (Because the nature of an animal, and so a human, is to explore all dimensions of power.) For 'a posteriori' knowledge, we can obviously form referents by actually indicating real objects, so no analysis needs to be informative. Analysis can then be applied to information, and does not have to provide information itself. It might make sense to back off from something as basic as space and time to color. Clearly, we do not perceive color in a way that clearly maps to any thing other than our own evolved senses. Outside of the realm of human beings, the primary colors are not the same, and there are not always three of them. In a strong sense the homogeneity assumption is itself an application of the Copernican Principle. It is the assumption that we do not happen to inhabit a place where space is especially 'nice', in the sense of having the "Goldilocks" quantity of matter: that we don't live somewhere too special. This means (to the degree it is true) that the choice of a new paradigm cannot be made in logical positivist terms, but must be made on the new paradigm's appeal to intuition or clarity. If physics is truly required to explain and not just to model, it does seem true that the Copenhagen Interpretation either requires a belief in the "ultimately un-analyzable cause" of the wave function, or a belief in some magical quality of intelligence. You can have Kant or magic. In practice, I think more people choose magic: they accept some version of 'observer' indirectly tied to parsing of the information by some intelligence. That intelligence still does not have to be ideal, just macroscopic and hugely more complex than individual quantum phenomena, like us. 

Ironically, science has made incredibly powerful use of the uniformity that results from explanations via complete randomness. But on a case by case basis, we reflexively resist objectivity in this way. That case-by-case 'certainty' comes from our arrogance as to the power of our perceptual mechanisms (which is logically built into the mechanisms themselves) something philosophers have been directly attacking at least since Hinduism first adopted the notion of 'maya', and not from any reasonable epistemic principle. At the risk of just going on forever. I think it is also a marker of Kant's clarity that in each case there is a physically real underlying thing, of which our evolved model is a loose wrapper, in echo of the idea that behind he 'real underlying thing' there is theoretically another 'underlying thing' that is real in a different sense. And he reached this conclusion before we realized our actual inborn model of space or time had any difficulties at all. The problem that makes quantum mechanics so awkward for us, then, is not that space and time are so odd, but that matter does not inhabit what we call space and time, but only indirectly affects it. We are looking at the genuine nature of matter "in a glass, darkly". We are fitting notions natural to us over nature, which does not actually have corresponding aspects. 

I think 'non-sequitur' is a vast overstatement, and this is a mere 'over-generalization'. And not even very far 'over': the statement cannot generalize absolutely, but it does generalize pretty well. 

The standards of philosophy rest on what resonates with human logic, not what caused the thoughts to be put forward. The field lies in the humanities for a reason. Philosophers borrow evidence from all over the place and claim no skill at evaluating its truth. They use science liberally but realize they are not scientists. They argue from history and are not historians. They assemble something that makes sense. And if their sense continues to hold interest and reflect value when their data rots away beneath them, the philosophy remains relevant.