On the side of not permitting women pastors, the main passage is 1 Timothy 2:12-14: We will never of course be sure that Philemon followed through with this, but I personally like to think so. There are others of course. Each side has good arguments why their favorite verses are definitive, and the others are a matter of context. The Christian Bible therefore contains two parts - the Jewish scriptures are referred to as the Old Testament (more accurately Old Convenant) and the writings about Jesus are the New Testament (New Covenant). 

Christians are not bound by the Law: Let me state the views of those who believe baptism is not necessary for salvation. (It's not just Protestants by the way - Catholics teach that actual physical baptism is not absolutely necessary for salvation. There are several circumstances where substitutes for it are acceptable). 

It is important to note that Christianity does not consider itself a wholly and entirely different religion from Judaism. Instead Christian belief is that God worked his will through his Chosen People, the Jews, promising them a Saviour (Messiah) in due course. However when that Saviour was sent, some accepted him and some did not. Those that did became Christians, and those that did not continued to call themselves Jews. Some believers are especially gifted to be prayer warriors within their private prayer closets. They are every bit as important as the public pray-ers. Frankly, we need both. Even if you are not particularly gifted in public prayer, whether in the company of one or one hundred other believers, mere self-consciousness should not keep you from doing so. God is our primary audience for prayer. Paul tells us in Romans, Neither the death of human beings nor the death of animals was part of God's plan from beginning. If it weren't for sin, humans and animals would have lived forever. Because of sin, II. The same breath of God which animates creatures created in God's image is the same breath which animates the animals. 

Similarly, Jesus used the "how much more" argument to underscore the magnanimous generosity of his father to sinful creatures: 

The second verses you cite (Acts 8:15-17) are more germane to your questions, because these verses seem to indicate the Samaritan believers actually received the Holy Spirit's indwelling when the apostles Peter and John prayed for and laid their hands on them. Verse 17 says, This account is but one in the book of Acts of the power and necessity of prayer, particularly when a brother or sister is in "crisis mode." The restrictions in particular have both “spiritual” and “physical” ramifications, since people who are created in the image of God are not just spiritual creatures but a somewhat mysterious nexus of the spiritual and the material, mind and matter, soul and body. 

The specific day of the week isn't mentioned in Scripture, but you can imply from Scripture that we should assemble regularly, so they're not un-Scriptural. In none of those situations am I being "godly" or "Christ-like" which should be the goal of every Christian. 

Again, it's going to boil down to your choice. General advice I'd give to anyone: All of that said, I have never once found in Scripture the idea that medical treatment is in any way sinful. The arguments I hear (and I hear them regularly) about not taking anti-depressants, or getting your kids vaccinated are based, not on Scripture, but on personal beliefs and the opinions of their own peers. Ever done that?” He says, “Yeah, plenty of times.” “Then from your own admission, you’re a lying, thieving, adulterer at heart, and you have to face God on judgment day; and we’ve only looked at three of the ten commandments. There’s another seven with their cannons pointed at you. Have you used God’s name in vain?” “Yeah…I’ve been trying to stop.” “You know what you’re doing? Instead of using a four-letter filth word beginning with ‘s’ to express disgust, you’re using God’s name in its place. That’s called blasphemy; and the Bible says, ‘Every idle word a man speaks he’ll give account thereofon the day of judgment’ (Mat. 12:36). ‘The Lord will not old him guiltless who takes his name in vain’ (Ex. 20:7). The Bible says if you hate someone, you are a murderer (1 John 3:15).” 43 But know this, that if the goodman of the house had known in what watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would not have suffered his house to be broken up. 3 From twenty years old and upward, all that are able to go forth to war in Israel: thou and Aaron shall number them by their armies.