Wikipedia gives this interpretation via Emma Goldman: 

A philosophical concept is no different in principle, no harder or easier to understand than an artistic composition or a mathematical function. Even in its heyday many philosophers who on either doctrinal or sociological grounds can be grouped with the logical empiricists did not see themselves that way. We should not expect philosophers today to identify with the movement either. Each generation finds its place by emphasizing its differences from what has gone before. But the spirit of the movement still has its adherents. There are many who value clarity and who want to understand the methodology of science, its structure, and its prospects. There are many who want to find a natural home within a broad conception of science for conceptual innovation, for logic and mathematics, and for their own study of methodology. And importantly there are those who see in science a prospect for intellectual and social reform and who see in their own study of science some hope for freeing us all from the merely habitual ways of thinking “by which we are now possessed” (Kuhn 1962, 1). These are the motives that define the movement called logical empiricism. As Twain might have said, the reports of its death are greatly exaggerated. Part of the movement's legacy lies in contemporary philosophy of science. In the US nearly all philosophers of science can trace their academic lineages to Reichenbach. Most were either his students or students of his students and so on. His scientific realism inspired a generation of philosophers, even those clearly outside the movement. Even the reaction against various forms of realism that have appeared in recent decades have roots in the logical empiricist movement. Moreover, philosophers of science are expected to know a great deal of the science about which they philosophize and to be cautious in telling practicing scientists what concepts they may or may not use. In these respects and others contemporary philosophers promote a kind of naturalism, and by so doing they follow both the precept and the example of the logical empiricists. 

All that being said, Frederic Jameson's Postmodernism, or the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism might not be the worst place to start. Here is how he introduces the problem: SEP does a very good job of putting Passmore's claim into context: Finally, there is a somewhat pejorative dimension to these terms in certain contexts at this point, as without a well-defined theoretical context they mean almost nothing. For the 30 years after Passmore's report metaphysics became ever more visible in philosophy. It was a diverse development, but in the self-conceptions of many of its most prominent practitioners there was no attempt to shun science or logic or to think that metaphysics had access to facts that were deeper than or beyond those that a proper science could reach. So the metaphysics that blossomed was not necessarily of the sort that Carnap and others combated. Most recently there are some in meta-ontology that want to reconsider and reconnect with Carnap's ontological caution. 

First, I should point out that a lot of social movements and struggles already do unite continental and analytic thinkers. Also, I should note that 'analytic' and 'continental' are extremely difficult to define conceptually. Why do philosophical problems come about? You can read the first few sections of chapter one here. 

This is an incomplete and sort of partial answer. But hopefully it might help provide an orientation around some texts that would answer your question more substantially. 

At the very least: the same creative operations of reference, consistency and resonance are at work in philosophy as in art and science. D+G emphasize in What is Philosophy? that we should not consider philosophy as a "higher" sort of activity than its cultural "rival" disciplines, science and art. It is a large multidisciplinary movement encompassing advances in the arts, sciences and humanities. More to the point, there's probably not going to be a straightforward definition that isn't incredibly broad; it may be helpful to think of this term (as with 'analytic' and 'continental') as denoting a series of family resemblances among many different works of art, history, literature and philosophy. At any rate this seems to me resonant with the sentiment I feel like Nietzsche might be articulating here. In terms of places to explore further I might suggest referring to Derrida's Spurs; Deleuze's Nietzsche and Philosophy also might be particularly useful here. Philosophy is not more or less difficult than art or science. It cannot even be said to think more, since artists undoubtedly think but in a different fashion altogether, through a different medium (e.g., colors in composition), and scientists and mathematicians surely think as well (even if through variables assembled into functional relationships.)