Thus, oddly enough, we're left with basing our judgments upon the authority of others, and going with the study that comes from the source we judge to be most trustworthy. Which leads, of course, to the question of how we evaluate the qualifications of the authorities themselves-- which leads us back to the same list of epistemological warrants. The argument fails on Proposition #1. Inference and Analogy could be useful for following individual claims, but at the same time, inferences and analogies are going to necessarily be based upon a process of reasoning from things you already believe to be true, which puts you in danger (as you point out) of confirmation bias. Put this way, I think the answer becomes more clear. If we adopt Jamesian/pragmatic terminology, we can say that the "cash value" of a scientific hypothesis resides in its testability (and the reproducibility of the results of that test); without those, it remains merely a thought experiment. I think a better way to frame the question is "Is a theory that is not falsifiable (in practice) useful?" To cut to the chase, Hume is canonical reference here, and you are quite correct that we only perceive effects, and not causes, and that there is no rigorous way for us to identify what we mean by a cause except circularly through reference to the effects. Only something with creative agency can create - what the universe, at least in a physicalist narrative, is change from one moment to the next in line with Law. Now, what one notices is that the physical laws of conservation of energy & momentum involve time. If there is no time - there are no laws. I've often heard/read people (Hawking, Dawkins etc) making out that Physics or Physicalism proves that there is no God, or no need for one. It was Newtons great achievement to show that this divided cosmological scheme can be united - hence universal gravitation; in fact his basic assumptions were all universal - that space & time was everywhere the same (and that time flowed regularly); this universality is still a key assumption in physics. But one should notice that it is a key metaphysical assumption, it is not a derived notion, and its utility is in its explanatory power in the construction of physical theories. Pin your faith to supernatural knowledge and stumble through a darkness deeper still. But I take it that this is not what the question is about; that it's about whether Mr Jones experiences the colour red as red, but Mrs Jones experiences it as blue; that is we concieve the mind as in Dennets phrase as a private Cartesian theatre. b. That Heisenbergs Uncertainty principle applied to time & energy seems to imply creation of energy is a standard popular interpretation, however I find this problematic given just how important conservation principles are in physics. Its also rife with philosophical interpretational issues. Taking Heisenberg principle seriously as uncertainty (which is how it was originally thought up) means you cannot be certain as to what energy is available in that time-frame. To ask for conservation at all times means that quantum reality has definiteness - and it is not clear exactly how this happens, if at all - at least in traditional frameworks like the Copenhagen explanation or its modern update Consistent Histories. More recently, Isham & his colloborators are using Topos Theory to provide semantics & a proof theory to quantum logic in the form of the Bohr Topos. Notably the proof system is not classical either it is higher order typed intuitionistic logic. It is also complete & sound. One interesting result is that the kinematics of the Bohr Topos when viewed internally is classical & when viewed externally is quantum-mechanical. If you can come up with a more parsimonious explanation for physical effects which does not require recourse to the concept of "energy", physicists will rejoice-- as long as the formulas still operate correctly. I leave the religious analogy as an exercise to the reader. To cut to the chase: if you follow a foundationalist epistemology, you have some kind of axioms or first principles that you need to build up from (but it is likely that doing so would require you to actually become a scientist in order to make a decision in this case); if, on the other hand, you follow a coherentist epistemology, you adjudicate each new claim against the things you already believe to be true, which puts you in danger of confirmation bias. The argument fails on Proposition #1. I think a better way to frame the question is "Is a theory that is not falsifiable (in practice) useful?" Put this way, I think the answer becomes more clear. If we adopt Jamesian/pragmatic terminology, we can say that the "cash value" of a scientific hypothesis resides in its testability (and the reproducibility of the results of that test); without those, it remains merely a thought experiment. The main thing to realize about informal fallacies is that they are all closely related to strong arguments, because it's the resemblance to a strong argument that makes them seem compelling. In this case, the fact that an substantial majority of the people who seemingly have relevant expertise on the issue have come to a unified conclusion does not prove that conclusion to be true. But it does provide significant support for the conclusion. It's worth noting that a science can stay in a developing stage for a very long period of time. Logic, for example, only reached maturity recently, after several thousand years of development. Science is the development and exploitation of one particular method of reasoning, which originated within philosophy, but proved to be uniquely valuable even to the world outside philosophy. As covered in your post, according to all the typical measures by which we --as lay people --judge science, there appears to be a solid scientific consensus that global warming exists. If Bob has a definitive proof of his conclusion it outweighs Alice's collection of experts. But if Alice and Bob are both drawing conclusions based on similar types of arguments, then Alice's is stronger than Bob's. They aren't just comparing two opinions here --rather, they have agreed to take the consensus of relevant experts as supporting evidence for a conclusion, and that consensus is significantly stronger on one side than the other.