Narrated Ibn Abu Mulaika: Whenever `Aisha (the wife of the Prophet) heard anything which she did not understand, she used to ask again till she understood it completely... Mohsin Khan: Read! In the Name of your Lord, Who has created (all that exists), Narrated Abu Sa`id Al-Khudri: Some women requested the Prophet (ﷺ) to fix a day for them as the men were taking all his time. On that he promised them one day for religious lessons and commandments... Azar as far as I know was a citizen of the USA which means that he has agreed to obey the laws of that specific nation. The prophet (saw) said regarding this: According to Islamic jurisprudence it is prohibited to kill any women, children or elderly during battle. Islamic code of warfare according to the first Caliph, Abu Bakr RA (573 CE – 22 August 634 CE): 

Is it blasphemy to question Islam? No, it is not blasphemy to question your belief in Islam. The companions of the Prophet (pbuh) often asked him questions regarding Islam. During the time of the prophet, people often came to the prophet (pbuh) to ask him questions about Islam. 

Pickthall: Read: In the name of thy Lord Who createth, Most translations of the Quran translate it as read. Different translations of the word Iqra in major translations: 

America sure has a lot of anti-Muslim sentiment which is reflected by the recent US elections but they don't (as far as I know) have any laws prohibiting the freedom to practice Islam. So, he does not have the right to practice violent retaliation since he is bound to follow the laws of the USA and since it's extra-judicial killing. Electronic copies of the Quran doesn't come under the same ruling as mushafs. Because writing Quran on the mobile phone or computers is not like writing it in a Mushaf. Electronic texts are not permanent, they appear when you open the app or the file containing the Quran and disappear when you close it. The specific instructions prescribed for destroying a mushaf don't apply to them. 

According to currently available evidence, it can't be proven that the Quran is perfectly preserved. And it can't be disproved either. There is not enough evidence available for what you are asking. In Islam, we believe in Allah which is not proven, we believe in angels which isn't proven and we believe in a lot that isn't proven. They aren't proven with scientific evidence, but we believe in them because they logically make sense. (Read in the Name of your Lord who has created.) until he reached the Ayah, (That which he knew not.)