This means you will need to look into output buffering if you wish to use this code as is. I'm receiving XML sent via POST. Naturally I need to parse this XML to get at the goodies it holds for me. However, when I receive the XML is seems that PHP is parsing it like a query string. 

I have begun outlining how I expect the API to work (and starting documenting it as well) and I want to make sure I get it right, or as close to right, as I can from the beginning as I know once you have declared a public API you want to avoid changing that API at all costs. The issue that has arisen is related to serializing objects. The objects being serialized, and other objects not being serialized, are being converted to strings thus breaking the code. This code worked before the server was hacked. 

EDIT: They are running PHP 5.2.12 with register globals on. 

What's an effective way to handle data validation, say, from a form submission? 

You have to set cookies before any headers are sent out. Does anyone know of a tip, trick, or obscure documentation that will allow me to either give these fields a border or some other means of determining their exact size and position? Request.class.php is definitely in the /home/someuser/public_html/subdomains/test/includes/classes/ directory. 

What else should I be keeping in mind? 

I have created a website which allows users to sign up for, and use, an online service. To help promote the website we will be have re-sellers who will be offering their own branded services through us. The initial plan is to allow re-sellers to place registration, login, and lost password forms on their own website and use an API created by us to handle these requests. I'm playing around with the SPL autoload functionality and seem to be missing something important as I am currently unable to get it to work. Here is the snippet I am currently using: I'm generating PDFs dynamically using PHP and PDFlib and some of the fields require text being centered on blank fields lines (like you would see on a paper form). To make sure I have the text field using the maximum width available to me as well as positioned properly I would like to place a temporary border around it so I can see where it is and its size. Unfortunately I do not see any way to do this in the PDFlib manual. The server at my old employer was rooted this past weekend and apparently the server provider made changes to the server which is affecting the PHP code. 

Tumblr and other blogging websites allows people to post embeded codes of videos from youtube and all video networks. 

I'd like to have a function that accepts a geo location (Latitude, Longitude) and generates random sets of coordinates around it but also takes these parameters as a part of the calculation: What's a good approach to achieve this? 

Basically my current table is: 

When i see the headers in my emails on gmail, i find that the class is successfully injecting DKIM in the email header but gmail doesn't even care. What's the difference? and is that why Gmail doesn't verify my emails? & do you recommend any alternative & robust classes to sign emails with domain keys on php? Briefly, i know that but i don't know how to apply it :) Example of how the generation would be: 

but how they filter only the flash object code and remove any other html or scripts? and even they have an automated code that informes you this is not a valid video code. Try this out, could be improved but it works. 

Questions Updated instead of making a new question... Something like this would be a start, could still use more work and there is many ways of doing it, I would create a custom function/class to easily pass all variables through sitewide which can simply repetitive stuff like this 1) What does i18n mean, I see it often when researching language translation on SO? $_GET['site'] is a value that comes straight from the URL in the browser which means a user could easily change this value to anything they want, you should check/sanitize that value, all values actually before sending it to a database. 

A user ID number A user's photo URL A users name Together as an array, someone told me you could and then someone told me you couldn't Which is it? 2) Most people say use gettext PHP has an extension or support for it, well I have been researching it and I have a basic understanding of it, as far as I can tell it is a lot of extra work to go this route, I mean coding my site to use it's functions ie; _('hello world i'm in English for now') or else gettext('hello world i'm in English for now') is no problem as any route I go will require that. But then you have to install gettext on your server and get it working, then use some special editors to create special files and compile them I think?