Administration of Myanmar was detached from India in 1937, when the Burma Office was created. It went on to govern Burma independently of India and the Indian Office, giving effect to the provisions of the Government of India Act 1935. 

Multiple wars might eventually readjust the border to more natural terrain features. However, the reality is that the United States had not fought any war against Canada (or British North America) since the borders were demarcated. Consequently, the border remained as it was drawn when the land was largely devoid of European settlements. 

- Wagner, Heather Lehr, and Becky Durost Fish. The History of the Democratic Party. Infobase Publishing, 2009. 

Skinner, Kiron; Annelise Anderson, and Martin Anderson. Reagan: A Life in Letters. Simon and Schuster, 2004. 

In this sense, Napoleon's rise to power thus marks a convenient turning point in the narratives of the period. But this is by no means the only possible date of either beginning or conclusion for both the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Eras. 

As mentioned earlier, King You disinherited his son before he was killed. This meant that King Ping was not the legal heir when he was being crowned by his grandfather. 

The bimetallist champion, Alexander Hamilton, first Secretary of the Treasury, famously reported that: 

Duringthe Principate period (27 B.C. – A.D. 284), emperors carefully maintained the façades of Republican government. 

In addition to hemorrhaging the devastated Zhou demesne's resources, the conflict also ensured King Ping was wholly dependent on the support of powerful lords - who, as Ch'ien Mu pointed out, each had their own designs. At a time when the royal court needed to demonstrate strength and leadership more than ever4, the Zhou king was instead preoccupied with bestowing gifts, powers and honours upon its nominal vassals. Due to the unfortunate timing, this produced long term strategic implications. Zhou's patron states, such as Jin and Zheng, was able to leverage their political advantage into concrete territorial gains. 

Since 1167, about six samurai clans were able to become (more or less) de facto rulers of Japan: 

Disclaimer: As has been repeatedly pointed out, this is a gradual shift that cannot really be pinpointed. Moreover, in my opinion, it hugely depends on how one interpret any of the several parts in this question. 

Having said all that, Hitler's rise to power was substantially backed up by Nazi paramilitary muscles. Throughout the process he and the Nazi party made liberal use of intimidation tactics. Even if he was stopped from "democratically" becoming a dictator, there's no saying that he wouldn't have taken over by force instead. 

[7] King Ping eventually tried to curb the overstepping Duke of Zheng's powers at court. This was discovered by the Duke, and upon being confronted, the king gave up his own son to Zheng as a hostage for good behaviour. This was viewed as the king lowering himself to the same level as his vassals. 

Reagan, Ronald. The Reagan Diaries. Harper Collins, 2009. 

All of these examples predate the founding of the Tokugawa Shogunate. 

And many of the states de-established their churches (inherited form England?) in the colonial era or in early decades. But all these seem to take place within a context of Abrahamic religions. For instance, the Treaty of Tripoli above was clearly directed at the Muslim Eyalet of Tripolitania. This made me wonder whether contemporary Americans understood their concept of free of religion as being applicable to non-Abrahamic faiths too. For example, that of the Native Americans. 

Zheng's meteoric rise to power demonstrates what a more capable leader, had one been in charge of Zhou, could have achieved. Unfortunately, not only was King Ping of ill repute, he was also incapable7. Worst still, he was also extremely long lived: King Ping's 50 year reign of stagnation fatally undermined Eastern Zhou's chances. 

There's not really a "specific reason" since he lost favour over some period of time, rather immediately in response to a single event. But some generally agreed factors were Stalin's paranoia and intolerance of dissent, as well as and Molotov's own personality. 

The advantages for doing so are obvious. Decision makers did not often have much details on local geographic features when portioning remote territorial claims into colonies. Even if they did, basing borders on geography was prone to create disputes. The inaccuracy of surveys aside, the natural twists and turns of geographic features, especially rivers (which to make matters worse may change course) are source of major headaches.