Before Austerity, the UK was running a higher budget deficit than it is now. So each year the UK government is borrowing less money. The obvious answer is that the money went to not generating as much debt rather than into another program. However, since government spending can have an effect on the economy it makes sense to look at the broader effect of austerity. Obviously we cannot know what would have happened if the government had not engaged in austerity. There are two forces at work. I think the main problem with your scenario is that if a firm tries to artificially drop the price of a specific stock and then buy the stock, there's incredible incentive for another savvy trader to buy the stock that has been artificially reduced in price and then sell it when the panic ends. These traders act as a counterbalance to the kind of manipulation you're describing. Government deficit spending in recessions stimulates the economy since aggregate demand is depressed. Basically there's a shock to people's wealth which makes everyone poorer(see housing price collapse of 2008/9). Then because wages are 'sticky' and don't adjust down to accommodate the reduction in demand people have to be fired, so the economy shrinks. In this case deficit spending can come in to increase demand, increasing prices again and allowing people to be rehired. The basic version of the story is here. If this force is dominant, then gdp and tax revenues would have increased and the deficit could have been as small as it is now depending on the magnitude of economic growth stimulated by the deficit spending. In this case, Relaxed's answer is correct and the austerity merely made the British economy smaller. Many libertarians think insider trading should be allowed. One argument goes like this, information will allow people to make money, but if insider trading is prohibited, then the people making the money are just information hawks instead of insiders. Average people still aren't being protected by insider trading laws. For example Warren C. Gibson argues on an article with the Foundation for Economic Education: Since a large number of states have not allowed economists to randomly assign them to the deficit spending vs non deficit spending categories in times of recession, the empirical evidence for which effect is dominant is not particularly compelling. For some economists discussing the statistical difficulties of measuring stimulus here's a podcast on the subject discussing "Ramey's .. work [which] exploits the exogenous nature of wartime spending. She finds a [fiscal] multiplier between .8 and 1.2. (A multiplier of 1 means that GDP goes up by the amount of spending--there is neither stimulus nor crowding out.)". The specific discussion of the statistics starts around 10 minutes. There are many ways stock market helps the economy, an important consideration for whether it's a net good or bad institution. The stock market allows regular people to own a piece of the world's businesses and reap the benefits of the growth of technological innovation and capital accumulation. The stock market also provides a relatively easy way for firms to get the money they need to expand, creating jobs and wealth. Also, the idea that super computers can actually predict stock prices is highly contentious. Many economists ascribe to the Efficient Market Hypothesis which states that there are basically little to no gains to be made by data analysis, since stock prices already incorporate all relevant publicly available information. There's some fairly compelling evidence for this, notably that market indexes outperform most managed funds. If we base income taxes on income and wealth, then Gatsby is going to pay far fewer taxes over his lifetime than Warren, despite the fact that they are both people with the same lifetime income. Many would see this as not particularly fair and would lament the fact that it encourages people to behave like Gatsby instead of Warren. This tax system favors jet rides over fancy houses, performance art over visual art, and fine food over fine furniture. Many would see incentivizing the former over the latter in these cases as rather arbitrary and unnecessary, especially when income taxes (including reasonable capital gains taxes) don't introduce these kinds of distortions.