People generally assume that Roman bathing means cleanliness, but the reality is that ancient hygiene falls far short of modern standards. What's clean to the Romans would not necessarily have to concur with our sensibilities. Hence, the popularity of baths among his contemporaries indicate Aurelius's disgust may well be a hint of mysophobia. At any rate, many Xiongu groups simply surrendered to the Han. They took an early and active role in the subsequent uprising in AD 304 mentioned earlier. Cities typically fall in one of three ways: being starved into submission, being taken by force, or outright surrendering. Rome was adamantly against peace, as evidenced by their rejection of Hannibal's terms (and probably, due to knowing their own strength). A successful siege was similarly unlikely; despite her devastating defeats, Rome remained very populous with plenty of manpower. While Roman allies in Italy remained loyal, Hannibal's army was too isolated and small to take on Rome on its own. - Daly, Gregory. Cannae: The Experience of Battle in the Second Punic War. Psychology Press, 2003. This is AFAIK the predominant view. There are other viewpoints on why Hannibal couldn't take Rome, but I doubt many think that Hannibal had a moment of insanity and chose not to march on Rome for no good reason. For example, Professor John F. Shean argued that Hannibal was limited by logistics. - Warmington, Eric Herbert. The Commerce Between the Roman Empire and India. Cambridge University Press, 2014. The figure on the reverse is too worn to be identifiable, but the position of "S C" fits several designs including Sicilia, Felicita, Aequitas, Victoria, Ceres, and Pax. Based on the size and colour, your coin could be a dupondius which was worth 2 as or 1/8 of a denarius. In the early imperial period, this buy you perhaps one to two loafs of baked bread depending on the local prices. - Ancient Society. Vol. 5-6. Katholieke Universiteit Te Leuven, 1974. 210. Later the Qin Dynasty unified China. It initiated an ambitious building program that linked the ancient walls into one cohesive defence line. This became known as the Great Wall of Qin, and marks the first appearance of a genuine "Great Wall". These efforts were continued by its successor Han Dynasty. However, it went into decline around the start of the Common Era. Greek was in wide usage as the lingua franca of the Near East. It also has the benefit of actually surviving Roman rule, in the same capacity, all the way till the Late Antiquity. The Romans themselves read and spoke Greek. Thus, Greek works have had a much greater chance of surviving simply from a great, wider, and more durable distribution. While not on your list, other classical writers such as Polybius shared this disbelief. Polybius in particular could not believe the grandiose achievements, probably out of envy. On the other hand, not all writers were so sceptical. His contemporary Greek historian Timaeus is reported to have believed him; Pliny the Elder, who relied on Timaeus' second hand source, is not always convinced, but did incorporate his materials into his own works. Given the highly limited, if not outright extinct, readership, it is unsurprising that Etruscan literature were mostly lost. It would happen both from natural attrition over the centuries, as well as in the ravages of Late Antiquity wars in Italy. The (better preserved) religious Etruscan texts were lost in warfare around the same time. Fagan, Garrett G. Bathing in Public in the Roman World. University of Michigan Press, 2002. Most of the Great Wall of China as we know them today were built during the Ming Dynasty, circa European Late Middle Ages. However, they were by no means the earliest. The first walls were built during the Spring and Autumn and Warring States periods, 771 to 221 BC. Originally these were largely piecemeal fortifications erected by the fragmented ancient states of China for their own defences. Much more tenuously, the Mahavamsa (a Buddhist history of Ceylon) records a delegation of Buddhist monks from "Alexandria". They were led by the Greek elder Mahadhammarakkhita, and arrived at Ceylon to attended the erection of the Mahathupa at Ruanwellil. Hence why it's somewhat of a misnomer to call the affliction germaphobia. Because it doesn't necessarily need to have anything to do with germs. Rather, it's about "contaminants" which can be any filth or dirt. No germ theory required, and the symptoms manifest in more ways than just washing hands. Ultimately, disbelief in Pytheas' observations stemmed partially from ignorance and narrowmindedness, somewhat unreasonably aggravated by factual inaccuracies. Conversely, in the Eastern societies (at least, the named examples with royal harems), all sons were acknowledged and given a place in the succesion line. It is not necessarily be problematic if the censors disagreed. Scholars have generally thought that only one censor was chosen by lot to nominate the Princeps Senatus alone. If correct, then in the event of disagreements between the censors, the chosen one would have the final say. Much support for this theory is inferred from the 209 dispute (see below), where one censor was reported to have the choice "by lot". A native Chinese state reconstituted itself in 317 as the Eastern Jin, but never mustered the strength to retake the north.North China did not return to Han Chinese rule until an (ostensibly Xianbei-assimilated) general usurped the throne of the last Northern Dynasty, Xianbei Zhou. - Tansey, P. "The Princeps Senatus in the Last Decades of the Republic." Chiron 30 (2000): 15-30. - Salisbury, J. E. Rome's Christian Empress: Galla Placidia Rules at the Twilight of the Empire. JHU Press, 2015. Lastly, Strabo cites Polybius in disbelieving that Pytheas was capable of what he reported to have achieved. All this is to say, there is a great deal of uncertainty in the exact form of the Twelve Tables. It is indeed possible that this specific law did not actually exist, though I have no specific reason to doubt the edition TheHonRose cited. Assuming it is correct, the interpretation in this answer is I believe valid.