A dull dialogue may be an immensely powerful literary tool if applied correctly. 

Determining how much, and what information you pass through your sentences is a very important subliminal channel of information about the speaker, their character, current situation and mood. 

Next comes the matter of fitting it in. The (meta-)writer must be a type to write one, and simultaneously interesting enough to be worth reading enough. Combining these two in a whole novel formatted as a journal is rare. 

Some best detective and strategy (Chessmaster trope warning! TV Tropes link!) novels have absolutely zero coincidence. They are duels of wits, a game with firm rules and moves chosen as optimal. Contingencies, backup plans, backups of backup plans, foreseeing the next move of the opponent or even manipulating them into making it - a perfectly deterministic setup with zero randomness. 

Think from perspective of the speaker, how would they convey their impressions. A battle-hardened, disciplined soldier will use terse, precise report-style sentences conveying facts, but not impressions. A romantic lady will use florid metaphors and concentrate on impressions. A person suffering from depression will focus on dreary aspects. A child will express awe and sometimes use similes that seem outright bizarre. A person tired will use short, succint sequences. A bore with big ego will extend bare scraps of actual information with endless pleonasms. A person with passion will express that passion, delving into fascinating, little known details. 

In these genres coincidence is a cheap lockpick, a joker card used whenever the author is unable or unwilling to design a fully deterministic reason. It can always be used to explain certain events or finds - but every such use reduces the value of the novel, because instead of rigid rules to be followed in logical reasoning, we have a bit of chaos, something the reader is unable to foresee, and therefore "unfair" in the game which the novel is. 

There are several routes to self-publishing, each with advantages and disadvantages: 

I believe thin-orientation is more common in the societies where food is plentiful and obesity is common, heavy-orientation is more common in places where food is scarce, something you might want to consider. You also want to think about about perjorative terms being reversed. For instance, your culture wouldn't use the term "overweight" because that implies being heavier is wrong. Conversely, they might say "scrawny" instead of "skinny." The subgenre of African-American romance novels is a good place to find fiction from a sub-culture with a tendency to be oriented towards heavier body types. Alexander McCall Smith's well-known Number 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series, set in Botswana, might be another good place to look. 

Conversely, if the characters are themselves influenced by the real-world philosophers, and not reinventing their philosophies, then it would be simplest to have them refer to the philosopher directly when introducing the idea. "As Sartre would say, you're in a state of bad faith, Gertrude." I think that is the approach taken by Walker Percy in The Moviegoer. Typically, that's what people do in real life as well (although you want to be sparing with it if you don't want the whole thing to read transparently as a philosophy lesson). 

Guilt and grief come out in weird ways - He may lash out, or build a shrine to her in his home, or start some bizarre ritual that is incomprehensible to anyone who does not know his loss. 

"Lorenzo motored to the tarn." 

I notice in the critique groups that I attend, that most of us fall into the trap of doing things the exact same way. For example, emerging psychic ability (in every fantasy manuscript by a new author in the groups), is heralded by headaches. Every single time. Headaches. Including in my manuscript. :-) 

I am annoyed by tons of made up words, which may be a problem in fantasy. Is this a common annoyance among other fantasy readers? A few made up words I can handle, though I wish they would be grounded it recognizable etymology. 

“I need the latest copy of Rolling Stone.” 

I am now curious the best way to get feedback on these two alternate chapter 1's. I am told Chapter 1 is the most important. 

She caught it, and said "See? This is a fun game." 

I recommend looking at the psychology of survival guilt. And grief. Add some of these to the story following her death. The suggestion of planting stuff in the story up front, as suggested in other answers, is very good, too.