The FBI Director is a position within the executive branch of the US Government, thus the President is able to dismiss him like any other executive branch official. 

However, the introduction of modern technology rapidly sped up this process. Election returns could be counted much faster, and elected officials could travel to the capital in a few days rather than several weeks or months. Thus, the four-month lame duck period proved unnecessary – and, at times, even harmful. When Franklin D. Roosevelt was elected in 1933, the lengthy transition period prevented him from immediately addressing the economic challenges that the nation faced during the Great Depression. 

The same article also states that he can place a different running mate in other states: 

So, in this circumstance, it is a better move for him to do that. 

If he unclassified the information that he shared, it would be deemed legal to deliver it to others as it's unclassified, thus he won't be breaking any law to share it. 

H.R.3000 was introduced in 2017 to terminate the designation of Pakistan as a MNNA and the text of the termination is as follows. It also prevents the President from issuing a new determination to designate that particular country as a MNNA again unless a set criteria is met. 

While this article by Reuters states: 

No, the President indeed has the authority to declassify any classified information. 

It really depends on the former President. Though many former Presidents don't usually interfere with their successors publicly, it depends on the former President and many have briefly commented on their successors' actions once in a while. 

Should the Supreme Court have more than 3 vacancies, it will not be able to conduct business. 

And also an article by The Washington Times: 

“I don’t think it’s very common at all for an ex-president to be commenting on the performance of his successor,” presidential historian Robert Dallek said. “This current incumbent is so out of sync with what the normal behavior of a president is that it calls for ex-presidents to respond.” 

Section 600.5 outlines the powers and authority of a special counsel. 

Taxing remittances of illegal immigrants will not raise enough funds for a huge new border wall. 

Update: Evan McMullin has chosen Mindy Finn as his running mate, so what would happen to 'Nathan Johnson' who is still on the ballot? 

This source of funding is possible since almost $25 billion was remitted from the US to Mexico in 2016. 

There's no exact process and the President just needs to announce his intent and in Comey's case, he wrote a letter to him. 

This Slate article further describes why people not charged can be pardoned. 

However, the example that you've cited – "collusion", is relatively broad and there's no one crime that covers it. So, it would make more sense to issue a broader pardon, as explained below. 

Source: https://www.huffingtonpost.com/elizabeth-holtzman/the-supreme-court-and-pre_b_10595736.html 

If Congress adjourns before the 10 days and the President has not signed the bill then it does not become law ("Pocket Veto.")