In any case, we have a very safe terminus ante quem in the form of Pliny's Panegirycus and his letters. Here is his first letter to Trajan: 

(So far my answer is based on pp. 26-45 of the book A History of the Habsburg Empire, 1526-1918) by Kahn. 

Here's why - I looked up footnote (6) in the counterpunch article. It refers to a Time article from 1999 and here's the relevant bit from there: 

So Augustus actually appeared in court if summoned! For later emperors, this would have been unthinkable. (However, there were rare cases of the Senate trying the emperor's friends in a way that was rather discomfitting to the monarch, under Tiberius and even under Domitian, of all people!). 

My suspicions are further heightened by this passage in Appian: 

As for the Netherlands, I'd really go out on a limb and hazard a guess that for Charles this was less an issue of German/Spanish identity of the territory, but rather of his own emotional attachment to it. Charles himself grew up there and was raised as a Flemish prince (when he first took up his duties as King of Spain, he barely knew Spanish and was surrounded by Flemish advisors, which the Spaniards rather disliked). So it makes sense for him to have wanted to leave his "ancestral land" to his son, whether this was politically sound or not. This is really just a guess, though. 

The partition of the Habsburg lands actually took place in 1521 (The pact of Worms) and 1522 (The pact of Brussels), way before Philip II was even born. By the Worms and Brussels agreements, which were actually family documents and not diplomatic instruments, Charles's brother Ferdinand became the ruler of the Austrian Habsburg lands, serving in fact as Charles's steward or viceroy. Charles reserved to himself the paramount authority as both emperor and head of the Habsburg house. Since Ferdinand proved to be an able and successful ruler, it was quite obvious that he should retain the control of his territories upon Charles's retirement. In other words, the retirement just finalized and legalized the effective partition made ~35 years before it. 

While we do not have such candid and clear evidence for earlier reigns (perhaps then the veil of republican or quasi-republican fiction has not yet worn so thin), there are other bits of circumstantial evidence that can be adduced. For example, Svetonius tells us that Augustus took pains to maintain a fiction of elections for various magistracies: 

There is one more point to bring up: what we are discussing here is the attitude of the elite. The common people were probably not very much concerned with constitutional niceties anyway. In fact, the ever-helpful Svetonius tells us that the common folk were not averse to the idea of a king already in Caesar's time: 

Tiberius Gracchus tried to push through his reforms programme while holding the magistracy of a tribune of the plebs. 

EDIT Just to make it clear - I did not randomly select footnote (6) for verification - this was the specific footnote to which the whole (fictional) conversation that @Anixx is asking about is referred. Once this was found to be a fabrication, there is little point in poring over the rest of the article's references. 

However, what is not quite obvious to me from the previous explanation, is why Ferdinand rather than Philip succeeded to the Imperial title. My guess, based on the above source, but not quite stated there in so many words is that Ferdinand had become King of Bohemia in 1526 (the previous king, the hapless Louis II, was killed in the battle of Mohács and left no legitimate children, so Ferdinand who was Louis's brother-in-law succeeded to the Bohemian throne). This made him an elector of the HRE and a much more obvious candidate for the throne than the distant King of Spain. But like I said, that's just my guess, not Kahn's (I got the Mohács connection from him, though).