Sharing. Try a timer. Everyone has to switch toys when the timer goes off. IF they share, the time gets extended. You do not have to explain this too much -- they will figure it out. Be positive. 

I am a former teacher, and am surprised that a teacher would ask this. There are many answers to this one. 

synonyms: train, drill, teach, school, coach; regiment "she had disciplined herself to ignore the pain" Discipline. If a child throws something or misuses it, try removing it. It goes in the closet or drawer and stays there for a period of time. 20 minutes, 2 hours, a day -- the time can increase if the behaviour doesn't stop. The downside is that you might have to entertain your child with something else; you need room to store removed items; other children can also not use the toy. Be consistent. That is a prime key to success. No matter how tired or crabby you feel -- handle it the same fair way every time. This doesn't mean you accept further nastiness, but once this incident is behind you -- it is done, and Nephew doesn't get it thrown back at him later. In my experience it is better to treat every mistake as new, unless there's a pattern that requires addressing. He's young and has plenty of future mistakes to make! Bottom line -- quit arguing. Let him make his own choices and then face the natural consequences for his actions. 

"many parents have been afraid to discipline their children" 

You may have to remove remotes and lock devices if she is uncooperative -- but until you've tried a positive approach, imo -- you should not be removing everything from her room or anything near to that extreme. Welcome! I have nothing to say about breastfeeding after two. It's your decision and it doesn't matter what I think. I never had the opportunity so I leave that to people who have. 

If your son is not late for school inspite of taking a long time to dress, ignore it. I'd call the parents and remind them of your proposed punishment. Ask them if they feel it is still appropriate. If they think so -- there's your answer. 

If he is late for school, the school will punish him. If his marks are poor, he loses things like telephone or device privileges, to make time for study. 

If they do not think it should be enforced (I personally think the time period is too long), then I'd ask them to remind Nephew, and to ask him to 1) be on his best behaviour during the visit, and 2) to apologise to the adults. (The 2 year-old likely doesn't remember.) All he needs to do is say something simple and you guarantee to the parents that you will accept the apology and move on without a grudge. 

Yes, you still will have expectations for getting chores and homework done, but perhaps your interest in them has to change. 

Use choosing language. Let him know that it is up to him to get things done. Google dictionary defines discipline as: I'd simply not allow anyone to use the castle, even your daughter. That says you did not make an idle threat, but it also isn't in the child's face. Sleep habits are different with attachment parenting. I have no experience with it so I won't make any suggestions about this. You might try exercise. It tires everyone out, but do it earlier in the day -- not after dinner. "Thank you, Nephew. We accept." Then offer the meal or the game or activity you usually provide on arrival. It's done. Smile and show him there are no hard feelings. You've made it as easy as possible to apologise. 

I find in our family that discipline is something we all do (even my daughter) and that punishment is extremely rare. We all understand why we do things the way we do them and we all show respect and are truthful with each other. Consequences are natural. Another edit: Being treated with respect and respecting others would be my goal in any interaction with any person, in my home, their home or in public. You and your family have the right to be treated with respect and to expect it and even insist upon it. So does any person.