Am I really going to consult a JavaScript site, a jQuery site, a Telerik site, a C# site, an MVC site, an IIS site, and an SQL Server site to maintain my ASP.NET MVC application? SE tries to handle the problem privately first. This is a conversation between the mod and SE corporate. We don't want to undermine the authority of good mods who just had a bad day by giving them a public scarlet letter. Also, do you really want to open the door for any question that states "I have this life problem," and make it on-topic by slapping the word "algorithm" on it? I have seen several proposals on Area 51 now for sites whose functionality is essentially a subset of existing functionality in Stack Overflow. Remember that everyone who reaches the page can read your comment, not just the person you are addressing. The only thing more discouraging than reaching the site via Google and not finding an answer to your question is seeing curt, brusque, or uncivil chatter in the comments. From time to time, I've asked SE if they would tell me about any formal complaints that have been lodged against me. I've always been told no. Here's why: In the event that an actionable offense (or series of offenses) occurs, a notice is posted on the site meta, with a request for feedback and review. SE Corporate gets to decide what constitutes an actionable offense. Other Considerations Users whose first language is not English are already at a sharp disadvantage, which is why their close ratio is higher than most. Like other rules, we do bend them occasionally if the OP manages to post questions that are so scintillating that we can overlook their bad grammer [sic]. We don't generally suspend users unless they demonstrate a persistent pattern of behavior that is harmful to the community. I think it's fine, but... Some observations. For these reasons, I believe the entire process of removing a mod can never be made completely public. However, the community will eventually notice if a mod is surreptitiously removed. It is a well-known fact that questions that are popular or easily understood get the most votes on Stack Overflow, by a large margin. My idea of a perfect custom close reason is this: That said, we need to retain the right to say "well, this is how it is, I've made the decision, and that's it," without having to fall back onto legalistic rule structures. One of the problems with civility is that it's defined differently in different cultures. "This is offensive to you, but it's not offensive to me." I avoid this problem during moderation by taking the position that it's worthy of moderator action if it "has become a distraction to the community." For Ira's part, he has stated that he only wishes to contribute to the community in ways that exercise his expertise, which apparently mostly encompasses the products that he is affiliated with. This is really no different than any of the rest of us who provide expertise in the things that we are familiar with, except that most of us are not quite as "productized" as Ira is. Too Broad. Because the asker is a student, and has asked for the solution in total, a good answer would require a step-by-step description of each line of the code sample you post, which would be too long for the Q&A format. The difficulty here arises due to the need for a question asker to have some basic, fundamental knowledge of their craft. It doesn't seem fair to Ira to tell him "if you're going to post promotional answers, this is the correct way to do it," and then come back later and tell him he can't do it.