In particular, he has a vision of the United States has a Christian nation, guided by European concepts of civilization. This ideology, sometimes called "white nationalism" or "alt-right" is one that he has expressed in his management of Breitbart News. For example, the New York Times quoted him on February 10, 2017 as saying: Given the fact that the federal and state governments are regulating the very same entities in parallel, have the same constituents, and often are governed in the federal case by former state government office holders whose campaigns are managed by the same political party organizations, it is much more plausible that disclosure requirements are a product of federalism and the "race to the bottom" mechanism of business entity and trust law which is made at the state level, rather than mostly as a consequence of bona fide policy considerations as the other answers to this question suggest. These disclosures are not available beyond the IRS and other people who can subpoena a tax return or who have a right to review a tax return as a co-owner of a closely held business, but they also mean that beneficial ownership isn't unknown to the government in these cases. Money spent on serviceman compensation produces far more jobs per dollar spent than major military procurement spending and also partially constitutes an investment in human capital that will generate future economic returns once the soldiers and sailors return to civilian life. So, cuts to this kind of spending hurt the economy more. Privately held C-corporations are required to have less than 300 shareholders, but the median number of shareholders in a privately held C-corporation is less than 4, and something on the order of 95-98% have ten or fewer shareholders. There is a huge hole in the U.S. economy of companies with more than a dozen but less than several hundred owners, with the primary exception of limited partnerships that own either oil and gas interests or other kinds of real estate investments, which are usually organized as Subchapter K limited liability entities that must disclose their owners to the IRS each year. If the money that would otherwise be spent on defense is spent on things that led to employment and advance the cause of economic growth (e.g. deferred investments in infrastructure and education), then the economy will do better - although there will probably be a lag as decisions made in reliance on the status quo don't pan out as planned and people gear up to utilize the diverted funds in some new enterprise that the economy didn't have before - so short term pain followed by long term gain or long term losses. If the funds are invested in ways that don't help employment and the economy (e.g. German Treasury bonds), then the economy will probably be worse off. Unlike the other answers, which aren't false but don't capture the entire story, I would explain what we observe mostly in terms of politics rather than policy.