For example, many forms of executive deliberation on policy issues, almost all attorney-client communications, private banking information, private tax returns, many matters related to personnel, and many diplomatic communications are not subject to public disclosure, even if they are not classified documents (a status usually reserved for national security information) and even if they are classified and subsequently declassified. Another open question is what remedy is available if the recipient of classified information pursuant to a limited disclosure exceeds the authorized disclosure scope, who is entitled to enforce those remedies, and how those remedies are enforceable (usually cases based entirely on classified information cannot be resolved in civilian courts). For example, the Declaration that supported the Padilla detention as an enemy combatant was as follows: Also, the law does recognize the concept of a limited disclosure of classified information that does not per se cause that information to be declassified. Indeed, classified information is routinely shared between intelligence agencies on the basis of just such limited disclosures. No. Information is not automatically public just because it is declassified. (5) Mr. Padilla represents a continuing, present and grave danger to the national security of the United States, and detention of Mr. Padilla is necessary to prevent him from aiding al Qaeda in its efforts to attack the United States or its armed forces, other governmental personnel, or citizens; This is understandable. Dementia at an advanced age was a significantly less salient issue in 1789, when life expectancies were much shorter, than they are today. The average life expectancy in the time period from 1750 to 1800 was 36 years. Even conditional upon attaining age 20, the life expectancy for white men was under 50 years of age, throughout the 1800s. Most people died before they were old enough for age related dementia to be a major concern. (1) Jose Padilla, who is under the control of the Department of Justice and who is a U.S. citizen, is, and at the time he entered the United States in May 2002 was, an enemy combatant;