Tiberius Gracchus tried to push through his reforms programme while holding the magistracy of a tribune of the plebs. 

The Illustris article refers to Jones, A.H.M., The Later Roman Empire 284-602, A Social, Economic, and Administrative Survey (Oxford: Blackwell, 1964, repr. Johns Hopkins UP, 1986) which is a famous work and probably has all the information you need. 

In view of (2) I don't quite see how the conquests "doomed" Rome. (Though there is a point to be made here about Roman incursions being the consolidating factor for tribal confederations - a big complex issue). 

Nice question, but you've got the premise a bit wrong. Roman slaves could not be called by their master's name, not ever. But freedmen were, as a matter of law/custom. This applied to all cases, and wasn't the whim or fancy of a particular nobleman. Of course to differentiate, the slave would append his old, "barbarian" name as a cognomen. So if one Marcus Gavius freed his slave Plato, then the freshly-minted freedman would be called Marcus Gavius Plato. 

Although this is getting a bit lengthy already and prone to misunderstandings, the following from the same page has to be quoted as well: "But the fact that there was no progress––far too little to have any systematic impact on life expectancy––and the fact that medical intervention did more harm than good, does not mean that doctors did not cure patients. " 

For gladiators and actors it is indeed tempting to take their officially low status and conclude from there that this excludes them from many activities. Gladiators loosing their former status or never having had this status is straightforward in this regard. But this is apparently much too simple. 

Lynn E. Roller: "In Search of God the Mother. The Cult of Anatolian Cybele", University Op California Press: Berkeley Los Angeles, 1999. 

Slaves and prostitutes weren't of such a low status modern people like to assume. At least, not all of them. Also, some actors (like senators or even the 'bad' emperors, like Nero, and others fighting in the arena) could be famed and disregarded at the same time. Just like the virile sex symbols that were the gladiators. 

This sounds rather upright. But I am wondering, however, whether other candidates except Sulla and Metellus, his crony, were allowed to - or dared to - stand in that election. Is something known about this? 

Presumably this was done because the boy belonged to an important family of the military aristocracy and the emperor wanted to show a token of appreciation for their support. But the question still remains - why in this particular way? It has a very un-Roman feel about it. It would have made more sense to make the boy's father consul, wouldn't it? But perhaps the emperor didn't want to raise this man too high so he gave the plum title to his son instead? 

Wikipedia describes the political process of 80 BC thus: 

Another thing to bear in mind is that under Roman law a new citizen (a freedman or a foreigner) took the nomen of the Roman who had sponsored his enfranchisement. So, for example, practically all Gallo-Romans were named Julius Somethingus. 

Precedents from Hellenistic Greek cities almost certainly lie behind the action of Julius Caesar, perhaps around 49 BC, in conferring Roman citizenship on any doctor practising in the city of Rome, and, scarcely a decade later, behind the granting to all doctors and teachers throughout the Empire of immunity from conscription and from having troops billeted upon them. In 23BC or shortly after, following his dramatic cure by an ex-slave doctor, Antonius Musa, the emperor Augustus is said to have granted tax immunity for ever to all practitioners of medicine. The number of immigrant doctors who took advantage of this generosity to become full citizens and the procedures whereby one proved one’s qualifications as a doctor or a teacher are both unknown. (Nutton p 167.) 

But this is one of very few instances that the Romans before Constantine really imposed their religious views and disregarded what the locals felt about these issues. While it apparently should not be called 'tolerance' any longer, Roman religious policy was at least far more respecting to indigenous religions as to make this "erecting offensive statues" not the general norm. They just added to their own pantheon and requested similar worship from the locals for the state religion.