As a deeper example, one may consider the continuum hypothesis, in the guise of the question: are all subsets of the real numbers countable, or equipotent to the real numbers themselves? If you restrict your axioms to the usual suspects of ZF±C, (Zermelo-Frankl with or without Choice), there simply is no answer. What does one mean by 'contingent', here — do we mean "depending on information that we don't have"? Independence from axiom systems seems like a bit of a hollow way of obtaining that dependence, but it would fit the bill. Of course, we usually mean by 'contingent' something which depends on something beyond our control, such as a random process or even some sort of diabolical adversary. Perhaps you could argue for the contingency of the Continuum Hypothesis if you believe in some manner of One True Set Theory; the truth-value of the Continuum Hypothesis would be definite but unknown to you, and dependent on 'factors' as yet unknown. If you were a formalist who believed that there might in some aesthetic sense be One True Set Theory (or perhaps A Small Handful of True Set Theories), some of these contingent factors might boil down to arbitrary decisions such as those surrounding whether or not Pluto is "a planet". Specifically, I see two moves hidden between (2) and (1) that undermine the necessity. First, (1) posits eternal, immutable entities about substantive things in the world (Plato believes there's a form of horse, for instance) whereas (2) posits only a invariant proportion as eternal and immutable (which has no perfect physical instantiation). 

Conversely, substantive forms/ideas are substantiated by objects in the world (either through the activity of the demiurge or the creator) as reflections on it. None of that is necessary to accept the continued veracity of 1 + 1 = 2. 

But this is a self-defeating thought experiment, because when we move past trivial elements (like positional functions), not everything can admit of opposites in the way you're describing and that's what basically kills the thought experiment. Sure 2 and -2 can be opposites, but true and false differ not just as poles but as functions that relate to reality. E.g., I am bunny and I am a tarantula are both false. If you reverse the meanings of true and false, then they both become true which is self-contradictory. Time may not be a spatial dimension, and it may have subtle physical origins, but this does not mean that it does not 'exist'. One might as well say that matter is an illusion because our physical sensation of touch is based on electromagnetic fields propogating across small distances of "empty" space. The fact is that matter is not an illusion — our experiences are still described well by the notion of matter — it is simply that matter is not what our naïve impressions might suggest it is. The same may be true for time, and for time nevertheless to be 'real'. 

Why choose to use iCal, for instance, when a simple diary book would suffice (or even just unbound sheets of paper), together with a freely-chosen writing stylus? If you have a smartphone anyhow, adopting iCal actually is a simplifying move: you allow your multifunctional device which you already own take care of one further task, which is an efficient choice. And even if you don't have a smartphone, you may find that buying one satisfies many objectives you may have, including being easy for your friends to reach, keeping track of your appointments, being able to navigate strange cities (thanks to a large technological burden which Google has chosen to bear on behalf of its users, presumably to enhance its advertising capability), and so forth. Similarly, cars were for many people a simplifying move — from horses, which were only simpler 'devices' inasmuch as no-one thought to become horse-surgeons except as a full-time profession. (Of course, most veterinary medicine which could generously be described as 'surgery' tended until recently to consist of shooting the animal to put it out of its misery; firearms being a piece of technology which, among other things, facilitated the ethical choice of sparing animals pain.) In light of Robert's comment, I'm extending this answer in one respect. The thought experiment can be understood in two ways. 

In your example, you seem to be looking at two samples of [digital] writing in different colors and asking whether he sees syllable as a concrete instance or abstract type. I'm not entirely following the dichotomy you propose but I would suggest the following interpretation I take to be Aristotleian. 

Are the written syllable and readable image identical? Not in every single respect -- as is clearly demonstrated in that we can produce the same syllable differently. But that's just a feature of the general discernability of materially different things. But this is a self-defeating thought experiment, because when we move past trivial elements (like positional functions), not everything can admit of opposites in the way you're describing and that's what basically kills the thought experiment. Sure 2 and -2 can be opposites, but true and false differ not just as poles but as functions that relate to reality. E.g., I am bunny and I am a tarantula are both false. If you reverse the meanings of true and false, then they both become true which is self-contradictory.