The US military increasingly looked at Spain and Italy as fallback positions against possible Soviet invasion of Europe. The Pincher Plan saw the possibility of using the Pyrenees as a natural defensive line to buy time against an overwhelming Soviet attack for a US build up. 

Yes. This account of all ships sunk by kamikazes provides several examples. 

Avoid the dreadful and wildly inaccurate movie U-571. 

The strongest statement made was the Tripartite Statement on Spain of March 4, 1946... 

But many wanted to see Spain excluded from the growing United Nations. At the UN Conference on International Organization... 

The Bismarck's mission was to raid commerce, not engage enemy warships. A good commerce raider will hide or run, only as a last resort should it fight. Why? It jeopardizes its mission of raiding commerce. Fighting a warship risks damage, damage that could force it to return to port early (thus aborting its primary mission), or make it vulnerable. The Bismarck's victory against the Hood caused both these consequences. The Admiral Graf Spee had a similar fate after its victory in the Battle of the River Plate. 

Attacking an escorted convoy would be suicide. Even with surprise, even with a wolf pack, avenging ASW aircraft and ships are never far away at Gibraltar. Every attack would pinpoint the submarines' position, and at 8 knots submerged they can't get far before an ASW vessel or aircraft shows up to search. 

A commerce raider can resupply from friendly overseas ports, and from friendly supply units, but mainly from scavenging from the commerce they raid. The more fuel hungry warships you have in your fleet, and their very large and hungry crews to feed, the more thinly you need to spread your supplies. 

Which brings us to the most underappreciated part of anti-submarine warfare (ASW): airplanes. We like to think of objects underwater as being effectively invisible, but from a high vantage point, like an airplane, a 200 foot long submarine can be seen quite easily at periscope depth. If an airplane spots a submarine on the surface it can be attacked with guns and bombs. At periscope depth it can be depth charged. To avoid attack, the submarine must dive deep to get away. Even if the airplane doesn't get the submarine, the submarine is now slow, blind, and losing battery power. With it's long loiter time, an ASW aircraft could hold a submarine down until a warship arrives to hunt it down with sonar. 

Many of the large gun emplacements expected to cause trouble turned out to be WWI vintage and proved to not have the range or accuracy to hit Allied shipping. Here is an excellent illustration of the major shore battery duels. The destroyer USS Corry and the sub-chaser USS PC-1261 were the few ships hit and sunk. Some were knocked out early in the battle, such as the Merville Battery. Others lasted for days, such as the Maisy and Longues-sur-Mer batteries. Most were specifically designed not to fire out to sea, but rather to parallel to the coastline. This protected them from naval bombardment and provided enflade fire on the attacking infantry.