As an extra, if even after all the above barriers, an ineligible president is elected, Section 3 of the XX Amendment kicks in: He was next cited with the phrase by a french socialist Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, in his 1851 The General Idea of the Revolution in the Nineteenth Century: NOTE: All the quotes sourced from here. The saf.org website is especially well regarded since they make extreme efforts to filter out "fake" quotes that are usually falsely attributed to the Founders. Additionally, the question seems to be based on an invalid premise that sovereignty has anything to do with laws of original country. It does not, in any meaningful way. This is a distinct case, where the religion itself as it started did NOT condone murder in its name and was largely pacifistic. BUT, in the course of history, the religion morphed into a political organization that was Church, which fused with secular rulers. As such, religion was used to justify politically desirable murders, both in the service of secular powers (blessing the Crusades, which were really underneath a way to get rid of overpopulation pressure of junior knights - which is how Constantinople got sacked; or for than matter most witch trials which was a popular way to have people to get rid of those they disliked by witch accusations); as well as the political power of Church authorities (Inquisition, witch trials again). The Queen of Australia, i.e. Elizabeth II. The Commonwealth realms have the same monarch and the same line of succession, but as a legal matter they are separate monarchies of separate and independent countries. Elizabeth II's title as Queen of Australia is not a result of her title as Queen of the UK. The Australian Constitution may declare that the Crown refers to the Queen's heirs and successors in the sovereignty of the UK, but the Queen in question was Victoria, and there have been some major changes since then. Australia is now an independent, sovereign country, and its monarchy is no longer legally identical to that of the UK. They may share a monarch and a line of succession, but that's only because the parliaments of the two countries decided to coordinate. This can be seen in some articles of Australian legislation, like the Succession to the Crown Act 2015. That act gives its purpose as By implication, without that act of the Australian Parliament, a change to UK succession made by the UK Parliament could result in the Sovereign of Australia being different from the Sovereign of the UK. It's also come up in a few citizenship-related court cases (e.g. Sue v Hill, Nolan v Minister for Immigration and Ethnic Affairs), in which someone who was a citizen of another Commonwealth realm made them an alien or a citizen of a foreign power. The Australian courts have cited R v Foreign Secretary; Ex parte Indian Association, a case brought in England to enforce obligations of treaties between the UK and Canadian Indians from the 18th century. The English courts responded by saying that the position that the Crown was a single indivisible monarchy was no longer tenable in 1982, and that the position had been split up. The Canadian treaties with the Queen of Great Britain were now obligations of the Queen of Canada, and had to be enforced in Canadian courts. While the Australian Constitution is interpreted by Australian courts (not British ones), they have agreed with the English analysis. Note this doesn't mean that you need to run for office or start an NGO. Maybe you just think that a road could be made safer or that more of your trash should be recycled. You can influence the people who see these things get attended to every day. But an educated person needs to know who should be influenced. It is amazing how many times a Congressman's LA has to write to a citizen and say "Your state handles the roads" or "Your county handles school funding" and politely encourage them to influence the correct person. If you love your kids and you like your house, you probably should know a lot more about your local elected officials than your national ones. (Hint: If you like your armies and your saftey, then you should care about the national arena.) The relevant pieces of the document are: The "constitutional crisis" that would ensue would most likely follow a very predictable trajectory. SCOTUS would need to reconcile the two, and the above paper would be brought up. The originalists would point to this paper and say that the 1911 Act was probably more in keeping with what the founders meant by the amendment, and then everybody would figure out a compromise. With the prospect looming of fitting nearly 1700+ members into the Capitol and 435 Congressmen fearing they'll lapse into irrelevance, "something" would get done - but then you get so hypothetical that is would be nearly impossible to determine.