I also investigated Cathedral Level 1, and found: 

Tyrael explains this to you, if you ask him about "The Creation of the World" during Act 3, Machines of War: 

Strategy wise, you'll probably want to work alone, and leave any followers/pets/etc out of the equation. 

She was secretly evil the whole time. It's heavily implied that she used to co-lead the coven/cult (with Magda) that is allied with Belial in Act 2. She came to Tristram because she felt the great evil stirring there. After Aidan became the Dark Wanderer, (thereby becoming Diablo) they slept together to conceive Leah. 

The Cathedral is the best place - I'm not even sure I've seen that many chandeliers outside of that zone. Additionally, the zombies in the Cathedral seem to want to linger under the chandeliers for extended periods of time. In some cases people have helpfully died/been murdered under the chandelier drop zone, which means the zombies will just pig out and watch you pull the chain. 

The recruits can also be killed before they start to raise the catapults, so it's possible they died offscreen before getting to the winches. It's also rather hectic during the mission, so it's possible you missed someone dying in all the unrelated slaughter. 

You may see the behavior you describe if gold or commodity auctions have been disabled. Instead of popping up a dialog and notifying you that this functionality is currently disabled, usually you'll get an unhelpful error message or no search results instead. 

At the second catapult raising, try to kill the monster spawners that are in the lower right of the screen quickly, as they tend to appear and drop enemies a few seconds before the ones in the upper right. I found that frequently I could take them out before they even spawned a single wave of enemies. 

In general, I completely ignore whites and grays - typically they're worth less than 10 gold a piece, which is not even worth dragging back to town. Do note that some "special" objects such as health potions and gems have white text, which might be confusing if you're completely ignoring that font color categorically. 

Inarius was alarmed when he realized that the nephalem had the potential to surpass both angels and demons in power. He wished to limit their abilities, but Lilith demanded that they become her army. Their escalating conflict led to Sanctuary's discovery by the demon lords and the Angiris Council.