3) The result of having my sin placed on him, and his perfect righteousness placed on my account, even though I still have many sins, is that I have 'peace with God' and He is no longer angry at me looking for a sacrifice to make atonement for sin. 

One of the reasons for concealing his message was to keep his enemies in the dark, while giving some explanations to his disciples who would recall them later, after they had received the Spirit to understand. (Mark 4:33-34, John 14:25-26) 

I am not saying we should not allow many Bible verse that indicate the value of suffering and the fact that our sufferings are indeed light compared to the glory of heaven, which is our possession now, only saying that when faith is really tested our minds can't reach fully upon these comforts in a full understanding and acceptance of them. We can only believe them by faith, transversing into a place of knolwedge that our minds can't really pierce. Under great suffering, faith makes darkness in our minds, sorrow in our life, to be gladness to our hearts. In sorrow we can have comfrot and joy. We will never fully understand how God's grace does this. There are no 'pat answers'. 

Once - in two different ways depending on our definition of 'begotten' 

One short set of Bible verses that capture many answers to your question is here: 

This verse really ties both subjects you have so aptly confused together in your question. For first, Jesus shows how he is the 'only Son', for he came from before time began, from the Father in heaven, humbling himself into a human nature, but they were unable to comprehend him. They just knew how to babble about their own view of themselves as being God's children. They were not aware that not everyone is God's child, only those adopted as a children through the death and merits of Christ's death and resserected life - are sons. 

Yet this is not all. Many respectable theologians believe that Daniel was more particular in foretelling the time of the coming of Christ than ever any prophet had been before. In Daniel 9 of his prophecy, it is foretold that it should be '70 weeks', i.e. 70 weeks of years, or 70 times 7 years, or 490 years, from the decree to rebuild and restore the state of the Jews till the Messiah should be crucified. There is much calculation by various people to argue that this was the very year that Christ died dated from the commission granted to Ezra by Artaxerxes in Ezra 7. Naturally this is fairly complicated to prove and there would be much debate about the details. 

The evolved and gradual revealing of the deity starts out with the concept of 'God' based on original words that imply power. God was a word secular society also used. It seems to mean the divine being, regardless of wether he is the true God or not. The Bible defines this divine being as actually only One, that is in contrast to all the many gods of the pagans. The concept developed at the time of Moses is that this 'God' is Jehovah (or Lord) which means I AM, the One God defined as he who alone is eternally before all things. 

Note: To explain some big words in the Bible here. 'Reconciliation' is just a big word that says former enemies have found peace. There is no longer anger (wrath) dividing them. 'Atonement' is a word with the same meaning, i.e. literally 'at-one-ment', but in the Bible it includes the idea of the animal being killed to create the peace and remove the anger for sin, causing reconciliation. This process of making a criminal free from guilt before heaven's court is called 'justification'. 

So it seems very Biblical to accept the Trinity as believed by the Christian church throughout all the ages. One definition of the trinity that makes things clear can be taken from John Owen’s Works Volume 2, Page 462: 

The Holy Spirit is also God. He is an eternally existing divine person and the author of divine operations. 

However this exactness to the precise year does not appear to have provided any Rabbinic traditions to expect Messiah at the time of Christ exactly, rather according to the Jewish historian Alfred Edersheim there was many guesses from around 4000 years after the Creation to around 729 A.D. based on an extended view of a five monarchy prediction where after Rome somehow Ishmael was added without any scriptural warrant. Yet even in this confusion and speculation some interesting Rabbinic opinions can be found concerning Daniel. First around the time of Messiah as predicted by Daniel some thought that the second temple would be destroyed which is surprisingly accurate considering.