My favourite. You basically build only Drones and Zerglings while using all the gas for double Upgrades and a fast tech to some Infestors. As soon as the Infestation Pit is done and you research the Infestor Energy upgrades, you start the Spire and Hive at the same time and as soon as both finish (they have the same build time), you morph the Greater Spire and get Broodlords. After that it's all about positioning and Fungal Growth. 

Muta/Ling/Bling into Broodlords 

It's important to know what he has, the wrong tech choice can cost you the game. 

In the mean time you get Air upgrades, Infestors, Hive and Greater Spire followed by Broodlords and some Infestors, you then move out and kill him or defend his desperation attack and then move out to kill him. 

Your earlygame Units are Zerglings and Roaches, the exact composition depends on the opponents composition. On this basis, tech to Lair and Spire, get Mutalisks and harass him until he gets forced into a desperation attack or rolls over and dies. Keep the Colossus count as low as possible but don't lose Mutalisks. 

This strategy is like the similar Ling/Bling/Muta ZvT Strategy very volatile. Blink Stalkers make Harass very hard and if he opens with some sort of non-cheese Stargate, don't even try it. Since the Patch that added the Phoenix Range upgrade, Phoenixes counter Mutalisks very easily and you won't be cost efficient unless he screws up his Phoenix micro. 

The reasoning for going beyond 20 at any particular base is usually to start massing up for your next expansion. By the time you reach 30 workers on one base, you should be in the process of expanding. After establishing the expansion, you would move workers in excess of 20 to the new base and repeat as necessary for future expansions. 

The best solution is to detect the roach build before the Roach Warren drops and get a head start. 

Now, in your example, you seem to imply that two marine balls are clashing against one another and that one army stays as a ball and the other user tries to micro an arc. This is kind of faulty logic, however, in that you don't micro an arc. The game UI does it for you. You would have to micro to keep the ball together, and doing that would lower your army's overall DPS. The effect is the same as if you ran into an arc enough that your marines are all within range, then started firing: you take more damage in trying to maintain the ball than you will dish out, and your army will die first. 

As for which is better to employ, the spit attack is better simply because it keeps your roaches at range and allows more of them to hit a target while leaving melee range for units that only have a melee option. Your roaches will naturally use their spit attack anyway, so there's really no difference in your micro. They just fall back on the melee attack when they are next to whatever they are attacking. 

He also worked on StarCraft: Ghost, World of Warcraft The Burning Crusade and Wrath of the Lich King and there is a character named after him(some think it is a reference to Grizzly Adams, but he looks more like David Adams). 

I have tried finding some information on the quote, but so fare no luck more than one place. 

I made this video to show it in action: 

The Battlecruiser's Yamato Cannon will ignore the Immortals special ability and kill it in one shot. 

The game files do not need to be installed on the computer you will be using it on. 

Is there a way of looking for vs A.I. games as it was before HotS where I can set my race and the difficulty and play 2v2 or 3v3 with random people on a random map? 

This can also happen if you have multiple starcraft 2 accounts on same email, then you need to migrate one or contact blizzard support.