My 3 month old has cried out at between 4:00 and 6:00 a.m. for hours in gas pain almost every night for the past 6 weeks or so. There have been 2 or 3 nights in this time where she did not have an issue. She usually nurses right before bedtime around 6:45 p.m., between 12 and 2 a.m. (depending on how she sleeps), and then again sometime during the gassy episodes at around 5 a.m. The nights when she has not had pain have usually happened because she had an unusually good first stretch of sleep and did not nurse until after 3:30 a.m. I know it is gas pain because she is scrunching her legs up and crying very shrilly. Unfortunately feeding her at 5 does not usually help to release gas or a bowel movement. It does sometimes put her in a deep enough sleep that she doesn't notice the pain. To help soothe her I usually give her a pacifier to suck on and put a gently warmed rice sock on her tummy. I'm loathe to try more invasive things because she's usually half asleep crying. However my spouse and I are getting exhausted from the 4 a.m. morning and I can't imagine baby is getting good quality sleep either! At 10 months some children begin to understand the word no, but many child development theorists, parenting coaches, and other "experts" in the field of caring for and raising children recommend limiting it's use. Here is one perspective on not saying no which suggests common techniques to use instead. If you don't want to invest in a step down from swaddling product or find it doesn't work, you may just need to wait a few minutes without intervening - check with your pediatrician but mine said up to 20 was acceptable at this age, we only did 5 minutes at a time - while he figures out how to stomach sleep. You can’t spoil babies, but you can toddlers! By understanding what is happening inside that little head of your newly formed toddler – and remember, they are pretty savvy – you can shape the future behavior of your toddler and set values and norms that will carry him through life Another useful tactic if your child persists in attempting something that is against the rules is to focus on your role in preventing it. For example you could gently take your child away from the window blinds while saying, "Danger! Mommy/Daddy can't let you touch those blinds. The cord could hurt you." I have a 7 month old baby who has been a distracted nurser since about 3 months. She continues to gain weight appropriately, so she does get enough to eat, but getting her to eat what she needs is a challenge. I had been doing frequent (every 1 1/2-2 hours) shorter (about 7-10 minutes) feedings. I tried a quiet, darkened room to get her to focus, but she will still eat well for a minute or two until she's not very hungry any more, then eat for a few seconds, look around, eat for a few seconds, look around, and finally refuse to re-latch and pull away to look around. A nursing cover or blanket over her just annoys or entertains her - she'll pull it off to look around or treat it like I'm playing peek-a-boo with her. I tried giving her something to hold onto like a soft cloth or my finger. At night she'll eat (with more pauses in her sucking) for up to 20 minutes. Safe for babies who roll and still have a Moro reflex, or even just love swaddling, you can try one of the "step down" swaddle products. The Zippadee-Zip or Baby Merlin's Magic Sleep Suit are commonly recommended and I have heard great things from other parents about both, though a few negative reviews of the Sleep Suit say it did nothing. That said, boundaries are hugely important for toddlers. They crave them. They need to know what they rules are and that their parents can calmly, clearly, and consistently enforce them. Dr. Frans Plooj, author of The Wonder Weeks describes this need well in his summary of toddler development around 17 months here.