God the Holy Ghost, who remains a spirit, and because he is a spirit he can communicate with our spirits and testify of the truthfulness of all things. By changing this single principle, the entire gospel of Jesus Christ is corrupted, corrupted to the point that any return to the truth is considered blasphemy by the majority of "mainstream" Christianity, which is exactly what the Devil wants. Satan's design is to keep people away from the truth by making them believe that the true, uncorrupted priciples of the gospel are evil. The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God: And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together. (Romans 8:16) Christ was speaking to three of his disciples when he spoke these words, he told them that they would be one with Him and the Father. 

1 List of Existing Codecies of Mesoamerican Literature. However, I would say that the most significant principle which was corrupted very early in the great apostasy was the identity of God. The restored Gospel teaches us that we are very literally the spiritual offspring of God, our Father in Heaven. 

According to mainstream christianity, an angel is a spirit creation that exists to serve God which is often portrayed in pop-culture looking something like this: 

Many modern sects of traditional Christianity would have you believe that as long as you believe, that's good enough, that it doesn't matter which church you belong to, as long as you're a good person, read the Bible, and keep the commandments. Some even go as far as to say that as long as you're "saved" (you've accepted Christ as your Saviour) then it doesn't matter what you do for the rest of your live because everyone that is "saved" goes to heaven. The LDS interpret that scripture the same way we interpret these Book of Mormon Scriptures: 

In reference to the vision of Mosiah Hancock, how are spirits born or created? We know from the scriptures that: Bluntly stated, you have to be a temple worthy mormon in order to go to the "third heaven". All other mormons, and christians from other denominations, will go to the "second heaven", the Terrestrial Kingdom. There are exceptions however, such as children that die before the age of 8, (age of accountability) and unaccountable individuals (people who were born mentally impaired - such as with down's syndrome, etc.), these people will be automatically admitted into the Celestial Kingdom. People who die without a knowledge of Christ will also be given an opportunity in the afterlife to enter the Celestial Kingdom, this is why mormons perform proxy baptisms for the dead in the temples. I'm looking for references from the standard works and quotes from the brethren that may indicate to us what God's power is and how it works. 

To answer your question, I would challenge you to learn as much about the American continent as you can for the date that the Book of Mormon was compiled (~400AD). You will quickly discover that there are no other surviving records from that time period at all.1 In fact, the oldest manuscript written in the Americas known by historians–the Dresden Codex–was written half a millennia after Mormon compiled the Book of Mormon, and is one of only 15 ancient Mesoamerican records left in existence. 

In an attempt to avoid expulsion, and church discipline, some students have tried to find a loophole in the honor code.