2 - Linked here is the letter that was the main catalyst for King's letter, written to attempt to undercut his support while he was conveniently in jail. As the last thing his jailors wanted was him responding, King's letter was written in the margins of newspapers and smuggled out piecemeal. However, its clear from the response that he was addressing more than just that one letter. They were cheifly worried about the resentment it was creating among the resident Arab population, and thus instability in an area they were nominally responsible for. 

The government, exhitibiting all its typical eptitude, has taken to things like banning women on bicycles. 

Stressful places and/or places where a person is expected to just chill for a while would be particularly effective for inducing all present nicotine addicts into lighting up, as enhancing focus and inducing calm are that drug's two primary effects. Quite likely most of the people who today take ADHD/ADD meds as adults would back in the 20th Century be self-medicating with nicotine. Funny story, that. It all starts with the Suez Canal. 

In addition the people who did smoke smoked way more than they do today. 

In that same period of time, Europe's population (not counting Russia, which is kind of a special case) exploded from about 67 million (roughly 5 times the Arab states) to nearly 200 million. Keeping 200 million human beings clothed, heated, and fed every year simply required new more efficient methods of weaving, heating, and farming. 

With staged political events like the party nominating conventions, when information is initially released by the party elders, it comes complete with some points of discussion. This way they can at least get the media talking about what they want talked about from the start. Thus you can generally get some clues to what the decision makers thought the best selling-points for an idea (eg: a VP choice) would have been by what the initial discussions about the idea are. Sadly, there isn't a lot of information available about African American Vernacular Architecture. The East St. Louis Action Research Project claims that much of slavery-era plantation archtecture was designed and built by skilled african slaves, and thus reflects a lot of the architectural sensibilities they brought with them from Africa. Much of what is called American Vernacular Architecture (eg: shotgun houses, i houses, dogtrot, etc) they argue flows from that. The I Houses got their name due to their preponderance in midwestern states (many of which start with the letter I), so the style certianly filtered north eventually. 

Other good places to look for African-American buildings that may have exhibited their own style are pre-Brown schools, and Historically Black College buildings. I think churches would be the best place to look though, as most of the schools were closed and torn down after integration, and the colleges likely did their best to look like white college architecture (I haven't checked into this deeply).