With *gn, there is actual written evidence coming from Old Latin, e.g. gnosco (nosco) or gnatus (natus) (para 220); cf. Meiser "Anlautender Velar schwindet vor n." This process must have happened by the second century BCE (Meiser 1998, Weiss 2009), cf. still gn- in GNATEIS (122 BCE), as opposed to the very first n- NATVM (117 BCE). Presumably, the change was gn => ŋn => nn Paul Kiparsky (Stanford) argues BL is a morphophonological process, not a phonetic law. Examples of levelling (strong verbs, West Saxon): I strongly recommend chapter 16, Armenian, in Fortson 2010 textbook, esp. parts "The Introduction" and "From PIE to Classical Armenian", pp. 382-393. It's a good idea to read it thoroughly! Also, it's a good idea to compare Armenian with Greek: Also, have a look at http://iedo.brillonline.nl/dictionaries/content/armenian/2-2-aspects.html (it's a chapter from an excellent etymological dictionary of Armenian lexicon inherited from the IE) Leumann 1977 adds that Anlaut *sn, *sl, *sm were retained in the Sabellian (or Sabellic) group (para 194), i.e not in Latin: cf. "So bedarf es einer Rechtfertigung [...] die Mumie des "toten" Gesetzes noch einmal ans Licht zu ziehen" (Mayrhofer 1951: 9). "Here are the numerals from 1 to 10: mi, erku, erekc, čcorkc, hing, vecc, ewtcn, utc, inn, tasn. Although this is not obvious at first sight, their forms are inherited from PIE (*smi-yo-, *dwoh1, *treyes, *kwetwores, *penkwe, *(k's)wek's, *septm, *h3ek'toh1, *newn, *dek'm)." Upward and Davidson argue that by the 14th century "spellings with QU had become the norm" (p. 149). For more details, see http://www.historyofenglishspelling.info/ So, the remark by darkgamma that "the etymology is off and the chronology is wrong by a few hundred years" is irrelevant. Zink (1986/2013) in his "Phonétique historique du français" gives the following reconstruction - I preserved his notation: However, there is no direct evidence to support this hypothesis but we may have some indirect evidence. One very important thing to remember - as Durkin reminds on p. 192 OE gyllan – geal – gullon, cf. PDE yell (yelled) An important addition. Cecily Clark (Clark 1992) argues it is incorrect to ascribe such changes solely to "widespread scribal ignorance of the English language." (this is meant to be a comment but it's too long so I posted it as an answer.) In addition, before the Romans came, urban life in the west was not nearly as developed as in the east; except perhaps in the south of Italy and the south of Gaul—but that was surpassed by the cities of Asia Minor or Greece or Egypt or Mesopotamia. Consequently, the comparative economic power of Rome was far stronger in the west than in the east. By the time the German tribes arrived, from the 4th century AD onwards, Gaul and Spain had become fairly Romanized. The influx of Germanic people was not enough to disturb this in the more urbanized regions. Nevertheless, it is said that French contains a great many elements from both the Celtic substrate and the Germanic superstrate languages. I don't know much about Spanish, but there is probably some influence there too from substrate and superstrate languages, notably Arabic, which was spoken in most of Spain for six centuries (roughly between the 8th and the 15th century AD). I'd like to add a few of the underlying reasons why the Greek half of the Empire never took to Latin as much as the western half. In the west, however, the Romans had encountered many Celtic cultures, which did not have a tradition of literature and philosophy as ancient and respectable as that of the Greeks. The Romans were seen as bringers of culture in great parts of Gaul and Spain. Moreover, several different languages were spoken in the cities: Celtic languages/dialects, Greek, and probably Punic in the various Carthaginian cities. In southern Italy and eastern Sicily, there were many very large and powerful Greek cities—notably Syracuse on Sicily—together called Magna Graecia, "Great Greece". Syracuse had about 300,000 inhabitants in its days of glory, rivalling even with Athens. This may have been enough for large parts of (former) Magna Graecia to withstand cultural pressure from nearby Rome: they probably never fully adopted Latin in the Roman era. After Justinian had reconquered most of Italy in the 6th century AD, the south remained under Greek Byzantine rule for several centuries more. In fact, about 30,000 speakers of Griko still exist in southern Italy today (Wikipedia).