In the end the choice is a personal one and the cost/benefit will be different for every rider. When I was visiting Bend Oregon, the riding was so smooth that my 5 inch XC bike was a rather silly choice and I would rather have been on a rigid (no suspension) bike. I personally live and ride on the North Shore of Vancouver Canada which has some incredibly rough and steep trails (pictured above). My XC bike has 5 inches of travel front and rear and I use all of it on XC rides. It does not have enough travel for some of the more advanced downhill trails in our area. 

In the two pictures you included, the first aero position one will have the lowest frontal area (aka fastest) as your arms are tucked in, but this will make the bike less stable and is likely not a good choice for rougher terrain. The second position you show sacrifices some frontal area for stability. Both have a reduced trunk angle, so both will work on your ability to recruit pedalling muscles while in a closed trunk position. 

Slow leak The first thing you need is a pump. Sometimes (but not usually) you can pump up the flat tire and it will hold air for 30 minutes or so, allowing you to ride home or at least letting you ride for several minutes before you stop and pump it up again. 

Well, it's a complicated question, because there are several different cases to consider: 

Note that there are several parameters to spokes: 

Large hole If you discover that you have a large hole or cut in the tire then it's necessary to use some sort of "boot" inside the tire, to keep the new/repaired tube from bulging through the hole. Of course, some holes are simply too large for this to work, but usually it's worth a try regardless of how big the hole is. Lock out or stiffen up your suspension. If there is no lock-out on the bike you can use pieces of plastic drain pipe, cut open on one side, strapped to the cylinders. (Someone may make a commercial product to do this.) 

There are charts and "calculators" available online that give spoke length for various standard wheel configurations (wheel diameter, hub diameter, "cross" count of the spokes, etc). They're pretty good but may be off by a mm or two for certain hub/rim combos. Hole The normal case is that there is no obvious damage to the tire, but when you try to pump it up it doesn't hold air. Then you need the pump, "tire irons", and either a patch kit or a spare inner tube. You may also need wrenches to loosen your wheel, if it does not have a "quick release". For replacement spokes the two critical dimensions are the length and the head/nipple diameter. Ideally one should also match double-butted or not, but it's not critical. Re length, the spoke should catch at least 6 threads (6 full turns) of the nipple, and it absolutely must not poke through to where the spoke end can contact the tube (even with a rim strip in place). You generally have the ideal length when you can see 2-3 threads above the top of the nipple. Likely your Murray uses something like a Falcon 5-speed unit: 

Using patch kit If you don't have a spare tube (but DO have a patch kit), you should attach your pump to the old one and try to pump it up. Air will exit the leak, and you can hear/feel the air escaping. Mark the hole somehow -- a pencil, a ballpoint pen, or a piece of chalk will work. But note that you will be cleaning the area around the hole, so make marks well away from the hole that you can line up to locate the hole after cleaning. In the end the choice is a personal one and the cost/benefit will be different for every rider. 

Having a rim and or tire that are not running true should not impact the operation of your disc brakes. In the two pictures you included, the first aero position one will have the lowest frontal area (aka fastest) as your arms are tucked in, but this will make the bike less stable and is likely not a good choice for rougher terrain. The second position you show sacrifices some frontal area for stability. Both have a reduced trunk angle, so both will work on your ability to recruit pedalling muscles while in a closed trunk position. 

Why train in an aero position for XC racing? As previously stated, I suspect the coaching exercise is to get you used to working hard in a closed body position. All aero positions will get the trunk of your body lower (to reduce your frontal area, making you more slip through the air with less effort). Similar to road racing, XC racing can also be a game of marginal gains. If you can cut more drag on long flat sections than another rider, you might be able to pick up a position or maintain your positioning with less effort. If you are riding uphill or on the flats try to keep steady power on the pedals as you have less traction to work with. Some find a faster or slower pedal cadence easier - try both and take your pick. Also make sure to conserve momentum, if you slow down to much you won't be going anywhere. Finally, don't get discouraged, riding on sand is a learned skill and always work to I personally live and ride on the North Shore of Vancouver Canada which has some incredibly rough and steep trails (pictured above). My XC bike has 5 inches of travel front and rear and I use all of it on XC rides. It does not have enough travel for some of the more advanced downhill trails in our area.