In simple terms, the word "galaxy" has nothing to do with day and night. The word "orbit" has comparatively little to do with day and night. What's relevant is "spin" and what we see is consistent with the referenced ayah. 

which doesn't say anything about egg-shaped. It therefore seems to be an unexpected translation, so I'm puzzled as to how this came about. There's more than one translation that says this, so there may be something I'm unaware of here. This appears to be what Wikipedia is alluding to when it says: 

People are more likely to believe these patterns are meaningful in books with more mysticism surrounding them. 

It's also worth noting an example of how these findings are fudged to fit the pattern the author is seeking: The phrase Allahu Akbar being used repeatedly in terrorist attacks (Wikipedia, jihadist usage) 

But I'm more interested in if the Arabic in Qur'an 79:30 implies "egg-shaped", like the translations above state. Sadly, violence happens even in generally peace-loving countries like the USA (e.g. the US Gun Violence Archive). 

Pattens have be found in e.g.: 

Say, "Come, I will recite what your Lord has prohibited to you. [He commands] that you not associate anything with Him, and to parents, good treatment, and do not kill your children out of poverty; We will provide for you and them. And do not approach immoralities - what is apparent of them and what is concealed. And do not kill the soul which Allah has forbidden [to be killed] except by [legal] right. This has He instructed you that you may use reason." -- Qur'an 6:151 Apart from this, unlike everyone says here, there is a hadith to support this action: 

Allah the Exalted says in Surah Al-Azhab: Thus, scholars have unanimously agreed upon the prohibition of building temples such as churches in Muslim countries. They have also agreed that there is an obligation of destroying churches and any other places of worship if they have been recently built. 

These jurists also argued on the basis of the report "that the Prophet (God's peace and blessings be upon him) did not prostrate during (the recitation of ) al-Mufassal Surahs", and also on the reports that he did prostrate during their recitation, a reconciliation between these implies that the prostrations are not obligatory. Each one of them reported what he saw, that is, those who said that he prostrated and those who said that he did not. Abu Hanifa, on the other hand, relied in this on the argument that the principle is to construe the commands as implying an obligation, and also those reports that amount to commands. It says that "Hasuran" with respect to Yahya (alayhi salam) means he is immune to illegal sexual relations. That is what Allah has made him. It does not mean he refrains from sexual relations with women he marries (i.e. legal), but that he is immune from illegal sexual relations. 

The Qur’aan was revealed either with relevance to the events and incidents that took place during the life of the messenger (saw) or that Allah choose to reveal it without there being an incident related to its revelation. Imaam Abu Ubaid in his book ‘Al Qiraa’aat’ mentions some of the most popular of those who had memorised the quar’aan. From them we have the four caliphs of the messenger (Sallallahu alaihi was salam) and the likes of Abdullah ibn mas’ood, Abdullah ibn Umar, Abdullah ibn Abbaas, Abdullah ibn Zubair, Abdullah ibn al Amr’ ibnil Aas, Saalim the freed slave of Abi Hudhaifa, Ubayy Ibn Ka’b, Mu’aadh ibn Jabal, Zaid ibn Thaabit and Abu Darda. Alongside Aisha, Hafsa and Umm Sala to name but a few. 

So my suggestion is, first read one or two tafseers. After reading tafseers, I would argue reading translations become safe, because you now know that what is going on. If you want understand in Arabic while you are reading it, you can learn fus-ha and have a good dictionary under your hand. Therefore, we can conclude by Surat Al-'Ikhlāş that Islam's understanding of tawheed doesn't allow the concept of trinity. Also, check out Near Synonyms and this audio library. 

Of course, best way to understand Qur'an is to understand Qur'an Arabic. Nouman Ali Khan argues in his speech titled Brilliance Of The Book that there are 3 types of Arabic; What I do sometimes is to read some ayahs word by word and check meaning of some words in the dictionary I mentioned above. Spoken Arabic: Dialectical Arabic. People from different Arabic speaking nations have their own version of spoken Arabic. Spoken Arabic can be quite different from region to region that parties may not understand each other. Proper Arabic: Newspaper and television Arabic. Arabic term for that is fus-ha. This is also called modern standard Arabic. Proper Arabic can be argued to be correct Arabic. Ancient Arabic: Far more sophisticated, advanced, complex, intrigued and involved than proper Arabic. Understanding of Proper Arabic doesn't still mean the understanding of Ancient Arabic. The subtleties that ancient Arabs can hear and understand what is going on is no longer present today. So an avarage Arab doesn't hear what Arab of 1400 years ago heard. So, best way to understand Qur'an would be to learn ancient Arabic. However, learning it requires serious effort (years of study), and not practical for average person. That is where tafseer becomes neccessary. A tafseer is a work of an Islam scholar, that explains each ayah in its context of relevation, using hadith and also demonstrating the relationship between different ayahs. I recognize that there's words to the effect of "Muhammad is the messenger of God" throughout the Qur'an, but I'm wondering if this exact phrasing occurs. This link is contested. Terrorism is incompatible with the teachings of Islam (as described below), so the "link" between Islam and terrorism is considered false. Someone who commits e.g. murder (one of the worst possible sins) is acting directly against the Qur'an, e.g.: There are surely many complex and evolving factors in play here. (See e.g. The Sociology and Psychology of Terrorism, Library of Congress, which includes terrorism motivated by religions, including Islam.) But it should be pretty clear that Muslims want terrorism stopped: 

But I'm more interested in if the Arabic in Qur'an 79:30 implies "egg-shaped", like the translations above state. The phrase Allahu Akbar being used repeatedly in terrorist attacks (Wikipedia, jihadist usage) A few translations of Qur'an 79:30 say that the Earth is egg-shaped. For example: 

This appears to be what Wikipedia is alluding to when it says: 

In simple terms, the word "galaxy" has nothing to do with day and night. The word "orbit" has comparatively little to do with day and night. What's relevant is "spin" and what we see is consistent with the referenced ayah. It's also worth noting an example of how these findings are fudged to fit the pattern the author is seeking: It doesn't look like it; the "literal" translation is listed as: which doesn't say anything about egg-shaped. It therefore seems to be an unexpected translation, so I'm puzzled as to how this came about. There's more than one translation that says this, so there may be something I'm unaware of here.