I personally don't think Quora is even on the same field as us -- we're playing baseball, they're playing football. Here's why: The goal is to offer the 90% of our traffic that is anonymous users a way to provide more meaningful feedback on posts rather than passively incrementing a view counter. By on topic, I mean the 404 image on Stack Overflow should be a programmery "not found" of some kind, and the Super User one should be a power user's "not found", and so forth. The brick I am looking at is the Terabyte: I'm having trouble coming up with anything. Any good suggestions? Post them as answers! We looked closely at performance over the last few weeks, particularly in the last 4 or 5 business days. off topic Questions on Stack Overflow are expected to generally relate to programming or software development in some way, within the scope defined in the faq. Nominations are now closed; thanks for participating, and keep an eye out for the vote! Moderation guidelines: http://blog.stackoverflow.com/2009/05/a-theory-of-moderation/ We've been tweaking a few things to increase overall voting, particularly on questions -- read all about it on the blog entry Vote For This Question or The Kitten Gets It. superuser (1.2m) TheTXI Ivo, Stefan, Diago, HTG Extremely low answer count (0-10). User does not "give back" by occasionally trying to help other programmers answer their questions, only "takes" by asking questions. You must be a currently registered Stack Overflow user in good standing 1.96, 1.69 The median question and answer scores are 1 in all cases. We currently have five standard close reasons network wide: I'm thinking stackoverflow.com llc / inc should buy a brick in the Computer History Museum Wall. Thus, to incentivize more balanced question voting, we are considering removing the -1 cost of casting a downvote on a question. You should want the responsibility. This is not an obligation. It's purely voluntary. First, it should never come to this -- as Robert Harvey pointed out, this should be handled via private conversations whenever possible. Moderators are supposed to be exemplars of 99% good community behavior, and part of good community behavior is recognizing problem behaviors -- even your own! -- and helping correct them in a constructive way. If it has come to this, unfortunately, the situation must be quite dire indeed. We're still in beta and are making a lot of changes and have a lot of work to do but wanted to get some feedback. Also, note that as of now the CW edit threshold has been reduced from 750 rep to 100 rep on all sites. Traditional, but respectful (e.g. no animation or flash or pop-anything) display advertising on SO, SF, and to a lesser extent SU. http://stackexchange.com/about/contact Of course, any community moderator who wishes to recuse him or herself can certainly do that at any time. You must have at least 7,000 reputation on Stack Overflow. The community would have to understand that once convened, the decision of the community mods is final. Swag Availability Updates Since a lot of people are requesting hoodies, I'd like to clarify that most of the hoodies and/or jackets you may have seen over the years are no longer produced. The only one we currently have available for distribution is this old Super User hoodie (and we have very few of them left). The blue Stack Exchange hoodie is not a user swag item (it's only available to employees) and is not available for distribution. Can I sign up for the private beta? You absolutely can! You can fill out this form to get on the list to be considered. As stated above, those who have reported vulnerabilities to us before will receive precedence in joining the private beta. We’ll then be selecting users who have identified that they have security research background, followed by any other users. Given the short period of time the private beta may be running, not everyone who fills out the form is guaranteed to get into the private beta before the program ends up going public. Personally, I don't see an issue with such comments. You've come to the right place if you have questions about: Instead of just the OP seeing why an edit occurred, others benefit from explicitly seeing both that a post was edits and why it was edited (and implicitly how it was improved). What you have been doing. If you feel like commenting on such answers and explaining why they are not helping, that would be great, though I have personally encountered aggressive responses to such comments. Following Jon's answer - I am looking for what people should do, as well as what they shouldn't. They do not think of the community as a whole or the long term benefits to the site of not doing so. They gain an immediate satisfaction of a green +10 (or however much) notification and a much delayed loss of reputation when the question gets deleted (if within 60 days). This reinforces the behavior that is bad for the long term health of the site. This helps with teaching new users as well as the OP.