Against one opponent I would push in this instance. Considering the second opponent here is the BB-special, I'd probably still push. It's unlikely they've hit the Queen, and you've just got to hope your caller on the button isn't sitting on high pockets or has hit the queen. Perhaps the button caller has a wideish range because they've got position and are unlikely to be re-raised in this spot. This is pretty quick to calculate in my head. 2BB: 10 3BB: 11 5BB: 12 10BB: 13 Perhaps also relevant is that I'm in a tournament starting with 22 players or so and down to 10 players. Top three are paid 50/30/20. Regarding your question about what to do on the turn, I don't think calling is a terrible option here, assuming they haven't hit the set and they've only hit the Queen, you've still got 5 cards in the deck (3 As and 2 Ts) which will be winners for you. You're paying for 23% or so odds, you're getting around 12%, which isn't horrible (that's assuming they've hit the Queen). With implied odds there's a whole lot of hands like J9s or even KT that they may have called 25% of the pot just to see what comes around on the turn, and they've pushed when they've sensed weakness. 2BB: 9 3BB: 10 5BB: 11 10BB: 12 I remember (8,9,10,11) for the button. Before each hand is dealt, I look at my stack size, and pick either 8,9,10,11 depending on that. I then take away 3 if I'm small blind, or add 1 if I'm cut off or 2 otherwise. That gives me a number. I can then look at my hand and quickly calculate it's number to decide whether to push or fold. If it goes to showdown, I'd show the missing players cards, and if they win, it's their money. Keep it aside for when they come back. I understand adjusting to your opponents is important, but I feel it's really important to have a baseline. I've made one up myself which is easy to do during a live tournament but I have a feeling I'm re-inventing the wheel and someone has probably done a better job at it than me. I've tried to generate a push fold table that's easy to remember in my head. This is what I've got so far: I'm on the button, with AJ unsuited. Blinds 3000/6000. Folded to me, I raise the pot, BB calls. My stack before the start of the hand is around the 110000 mark, slightly lower than the caller. With 1100 in the pot pre-flop, and a stack of 7775, you're probably in push fold territory. Push here and steal the blinds. If there was no ante, a raise to 1400 to steal 600 still gives you room to fold to a 3-bet whilst being strong enough to make the BB think seriously about calling. If they do call, you're in push/fold on the flop. Raising to only 1000 pre-flop I think makes the button assume the BB will call, so entices the button to call with drawing hands. Turn is a 6. BB raises 30000 (pot is now 85000). Calling here would have pretty much put me all in on the river, I was concerned about a BB special of two pair or worse still, drawing dead against a low set or even a hit straight. What should you do? You obviously fold your bluffs and you are left with your value range. It is ALWAYS okay to fold the bottom part of your range. Looking at your value range on the river, you got some seriously strong hands there, so it is okay to let Qx and most overpairs go. You can consider calling with overpairs that have a heart in them sometimes, resulting in him being more likely to bluff, because chances of him having a flush goes down. But generally I would still fold, because you have so many better hands in this spot you can call with. Your range isn't really that wide when you bet the river, so when you only call him down with your boats and flushes you will probably have enough calling combinations to not be exploited. You should have made it a little bigger pre-flop and you probably shouldn't be betting pot on the turn, because it isn't a great size to be bluffing, so you can't be balanced blablabla. Details aside, lets look at your river betting range: Hero's recent hands: Hero has ~180. Villain is BB, UTG stradles to 6. Hero sees black TT in UTG+2, limps planning to limp/rr, villain makes it 43, UTG calls, hero shoves. Villain calls, UTG folds. Villain says "You're ahead". Board runs out K95A9, hero shows 2 pair, villain mucks. You will need to know the number of players you will have, your starting blind level and stack size, and your desired tournament length. Generally, you will not want to start with deep stacks for a short tournament. The final blind level can be calculated by dividing the total chips in play by 10. Finally, you will need to determine how long you want levels to last - longer levels will require bigger increases in blinds at each level. Effective stacks remaining are around $420. Hero checks. Villain instantly shoves all in. This strategy will be best employed against higher level thinkers, where there are significant meta-game factors and constant adjustment of ranges as the match proceeds.