Social aspects of baby talk should be self-evident. When a baby says, "aahgooo" to a parent, the usual response is a delighted "Aahgooo" (IDS) back, not, "What are you trying to tell me, Jennifer? Are you hungry? What makes you say aahgooo?" The former is social interaction the baby can appreciate; the latter is confusing gobbledygook to the baby. 

Unasked-for advice is tricky. No one can see what you see and know the parents like you do. 

If you mean the baby doesn't smile for a camera, that's a completely different matter. I'll assume that's not what you mean. If the baby used to smile but doesn't anymore, and it's been this way for a few weeks, it's worrisome (but not necessarily only for autism.) 

and the following is the recommendation given to discuss with the patient: 

I'm limited to a phone right now, and as I am a dinosaur, constructing this answer is not easy. I will end it here, hoping that the case for baby talk has been made. 

I started reading to my babies when they could focus on playthings, reach for them, etc. this happened around 3 months in my first baby. (That's 12 weeks. Some people say start at six weeks.) 

If you don't, then befriend and talk with older women in your culture who seem to have raised their children to be truly good people, and hear what they have to say. Maybe they can give you some insight into discipline that was both effective and loving. In the meantime, if she is soon to leave, love her as best as you can in this situation, for she did not create it. If her father left her mother for you, accept that she will not love you immediately. But there are standards she should obey, and discipline she should endure for bad behavior that she can't skirt with money. This episode has already been paid for by the slap she received. Forgive her and move on from it. I doubt it will become a habit. 

Keeping in mind that fussy, in this instance, is clearly defined as "fastidious about one's needs" and "hard to please" do studies exist that investigate the idea that boys tend to require more attention from a parent while girls require less? If they do, what was the conclusion of that study? 

Ever since we announced we were going to have a second and it came out it was going to be a boy, I was relentlessly told that "boys are fussier than girls" when they are a baby. I wasn't inclined to believe such nonsense. It was all anecdotal evidence seasoned with the classic "everyone knows that..." argumentum ad populum. 

Our boy was born and he is definitely more fussy than our daughter was. At the same time, he is also less colicky than she was. They were/are both healthy babies, growing normally, getting fed, clothed, and changed but it seems like, while she was able to be alone by herself for periods of time while we finished up the dishes or hung the laundry, he cannot stand being putting down. 

Unasked-for advice is tricky. No one can see what you see and know the parents like you do. 

Remember that just 3 weeks ago, the baby was moving with you whenever you moved around, He is not used to lying still without movement. :) 

Edited to incorporate new information: 

Why is she living with you? Where is her mother? Is she living with you against her will? How is her relationship with her father? Why were her parents divorced? Where does she get money to buy a new phone when hers is confiscated? 

There seems a desire to question this woman's behavior because she doesn't fit a stereotypical ideal of motherhood. The truth is, none of us know what kind of mother she is. And few of us would stand up to scrutiny 24 hours a day. I certainly did not. 

Before she comes back, make sure you and your husband write to her with a set of expectations you have for her. If she cannot possibly follow those behaviors, then don't feel that you need to allow her to visit you. If you have little say in the matter, perhaps your husband can hire someone to help you with the twins and the extra work when she returns. If she continues to harbor ill-will towards your babies, maybe she can stay with her grandmother and visit her father and you (with or without your children). 

Furthermore, IDS is exaggerated, meaning vowel sounds are easier to pick out: 

As a physician, I do not recommend baby walkers because babies do get injured in them. I believe the media hype is frenzied, but that is my personal opinion. Nonetheless, I would no more recommend them than I would recommend allowing one's child to crawl unsupervised at the top of an open staircase, because of the risk of injury (not because I think crawling at the top of an open staircase retards motor development or intellect.) 

Keeping in mind that fussy, in this instance, is clearly defined as "fastidious about one's needs" and "hard to please" do studies exist that investigate the idea that boys tend to require more attention from a parent while girls require less? If they do, what was the conclusion of that study? 

Our boy was born and he is definitely more fussy than our daughter was. At the same time, he is also less colicky than she was. They were/are both healthy babies, growing normally, getting fed, clothed, and changed but it seems like, while she was able to be alone by herself for periods of time while we finished up the dishes or hung the laundry, he cannot stand being putting down. 

Ever since we announced we were going to have a second and it came out it was going to be a boy, I was relentlessly told that "boys are fussier than girls" when they are a baby. I wasn't inclined to believe such nonsense. It was all anecdotal evidence seasoned with the classic "everyone knows that..." argumentum ad populum.