There are a few possibilities: Since a gym holds one Pokémon per level the maths are pretty simple: To maintain at least level 7 to stay in the gym you need 20,000 prestige. Of course that counts for both ways. You cannot catch the same Pokémon twice. You can only catch another one of the same kind, which happened in your case. (*) South America is likely to have Tauros as well. This has been posted on Reddit several times (Tauros apparently got caught in Brazil), but not enough to confirm this as true. Feel free to update this once there's proof. Until then this stands as Tauros is for North America only. Money (buy Incense, Lures, Lucky Eggs = win) A lot of time (just do a lot of stuff) Saved Lucky Eggs for mass evolving a full Pokémon zoo. (This method nets you about 60k XP per egg/30 min easily, more if you prepared it properly.) Cheating They expire when used 3 times regardless of the egg. So basically you only have two options: Count the Pokémon that are ranked higher. At exactly this gym level you're out. Below you'll find the prestige required to hold or get that level. So, if you sit on a level 9 gym and you're on 7th position you'll get kicked after the gym dropping to level 6, because 6 people are higher than you and the gym can only hold 6 Pokémon on that level. If you want to change your name from the settings menu it will ask you twice, whether or not you want to be renamed. After confirming both questions it will check for availability. So yes... the procedure is pretty much the same. If it's available you get it right away with no further confirmation request. That depends on your account type. If you want to count the Pokémon below yourself you can just count the level losses. Each loss = one down. Same example again: 3 losses = you're out. Level 9 - 3 = 6 ...after reaching level 6 you're gone. I don't hatch 2 km eggs with limited incubators (and with the unlimited one only 2 km eggs to make room for new eggs for a 10 km chance), because they're just too rare to waste them on Pidgeys. If you're aiming for 10 km eggs and you have enough Pokéstops around to refill your egg collection it's better to use your incubators for all kind of eggs, preferably 2 km eggs due to their faster hatch time. This is of course more expensive, but a lot faster as well. However, the ball used to catch this Magikarp was a Premier ball, which you only are able to use when catching raid Pokémon. The search bar doesn't care about whitespace between terms. "cp ###" works the same as "cp###". Until this update has been around for longer, it's not possible to have the most accurate numbers in terms of the probability of these items appearing from PokéStops, but numerous users have been reporting that they received an evolutionary item as a daily streak bonus reward (especially so for 7th day Streak bonuses). The complete mechanics behind this feature are not yet known, as the update has only been live for roughly 24 hours, but the rewards are as follows: I was driving home and stopped by a Pokéstop to stock up on balls and potions, but I was surprised to get an Incubator among my loot. Are these now in the Pokéstop reward pool? Flavor thing: as a Mystic player, my team bonus text and background on the bonus item are blue. Can Instinct and Valor confirm their text/background colors on bonus items? That said, I haven't seen it suggest what I would call the "optimal" 6 Pokemon for the entire fight. It looks like it selects all 6 to combat a single opposing Pokemon, typically the first one you will fight. It seems like it merely chooses an advantageous type matchup Pokemon with the highest CP then goes down the list. The details of this change were laid out in a previous post: (additional findings from here) Here are some images to prove it: Multipliers=Ball∗Curve∗Berry∗Throw∗Medal A fourth thread has been aggregating data to try to figure out the drop rates for the new items as well. Thus, the complete list of Pokemon with increased spawns is the following: 200+ nothing. I did get a king stone from my 7 day streak reward. I just spun for my 7th day streak - got Upgrade. Prior to that, I had to spin pokestops for almost 8 hours before I received a King's Rock. How is this determined? I have attackers ranging in CP from the mid-1000s to low-2000s. Will the temporary adjustment only take into account my highest CP Pokémon overall, or will it adjust depending on what I have selected to take into battle with me? Yesterday, an article was posted by the Pokemon Go GamePress team that had a reasonable estimate on how the medal catch rate bonus works. The working hypothesis is that the +1, +2, and +3 bonuses act as multipliers on the catch chance for an encounter, meaning that there is an additional multiplier on the probability to catch of 1.10 for a bronze medal, 1.20 for a silver medal, or 1.30 for a gold medal. Additionally, I have received 0 evolutionary items from about 10 spins since they became available. In fact, looking through my own Pokédex, it even seems as though the silhouette is for any Pokémon you haven't caught/evolved since the update. For instance, I have 2 Sandslash, but both genders are shown as silhouettes: It seems so, yes. My team bonus was highlighted red, and I'm Valor. The total distance walked for a Pokemon is related to that specific Pokemon. This has been updated and fixed as of iOS version 1.25.0 and Android version 0.55.0. You are now able to play music in the app without having it get paused/shut off. From this article: In addition to all of these reports, from the comments above: