The Greek word used here for brother is gender neutral and does not necessarily imply siblings. Anger can inflame a situation and lead to killing, so Jesus says: On this view, Ham's son, Canaan, retrospectively came to represent the Canaanite people. The Canaanites of historical times were despised by the Israelites, and so in Israelite tradition Canaan was cursed for the sin of his father: Lester L. Grabbe says in Ancient Israel, page 106, it seems likely that the system of twelve tribes in the biblical tradition is a late development, perhaps as late as the sixth century BCE. The names of the actual tribes of Israel would be assigned to the biblical sons of Jacob and of Joseph. So, for example, because there was a tribe known as Ephraim, one son was given the name Ephraim. Another son was named Judah, and so on. Robert M. Price says in The Christ Myth Theory and Its Problems, page 80, that Jonah 1:4-6 forms the basis for Mark 4:35-41, with elaboration via Psalm 107:23-29. He cites Dennis R. MacDonald in The Homeric Epics and the Gospel of Mark, pages 68, 174-175, as identifying a parallel between Mark 4:35-41 and Odyssey 10:1-69, with particular reference to Jesus' rebuke of the disciples (4:40) and the puzzling "there were also with him other little ships" (4:36). In copying from Mark, the author of Matthew omitted the reference to the other boats accompanying them. When read without preconceptions, the Song of Solomon is certainly about the delights of premarital sex. Whether we say that it therefore encourages premarital sex depends on our interpretation of it. A further discussion on Wisdom is also provided by the Catholic Encyclopedia, which says (among other things) of Wisdom: Oxbridge Notes (Is There A Messianic Secret In Mark Notes) looks at whether the Messianic Secret can be explained historically and puts forward the contention that Jesus wished to conceal his messiahship from men and women during his ministry for fear that it would have been misunderstood as a claim to political kingship, thus choosing the title ‘Son of Man’. The explanation is then criticised, in part because it leaves unresolved the problems of how the bystanders could ignore the confessions of Jesus’s identity made by the men and women who were possessed by these spirits.