On the other hand, based on what I figured out in regards to the occupation of shepherd, seemingly, Sunnis agree that the/a job of Prophet Muhammad was shepherd, but apparently Shia doesn’t believe so, albeit there appear to be hadiths which point out that shepherd was regarded as a/the job of the Prophet, but Shias have discussion about the authenticity of such narrations … Meanwhile, there doesn’t appear to be an explicit verse in the Quran to mention it, too. Different dimensions of the concept of Ummah in the Islamic culture (in short): For instance, there are more than 6 million seyyeds (sadah) in Iran, and according to census, there are approximately 60 million sadat all across the world. Thus we cannot say that majority of them are in a specified country. {1} I searched somewhat, but to be honest I assume the response of your question is relatively long, So I reckon it is not feasible to reply to this question completely. anyhow I found two sites below (reference) which have illustrated it as a detailed response. Look at them please. (Note: unfortunately these are two Farsi sites, hopefully you could read Farsi) In the name of Allah, the most Compassionate, the most Merciful Accordingly, it could be counted as an accepted hadith as a miracle of the apostle of Allah (peace be upon him and his family). Even there is another similar narration which has narrated concerning Imam Hussein (a.s.) which has mentioned in short as below I am sorry, I didn't get how did you understand these are to be done after the death of prophet. (Do not prevent the female servants of Allah from the Masjids of Allah, but have them go out without wearing fragrance.) According to another report: (and do not Tabarruj yourselves like the Tabarruj of the times of ignorance,) "Tabarruj is when a woman puts a Khimar on her head but does not tie it properly.'' So her necklaces, earrings and neck, and all of that can be seen. This is Tabarruj, and Allah addresses all the women of the believers with regard to Tabarruj. Coming to your specific question about abiding in the house, It doesn't mean that they should always sit inside their home. It means they should not go out in the middle of men like women during the period of ignorance did. If they have a purpose to go out, they can go. A good explanation is given in Tafsir Ibn Kathir (copied from here): These are general commands to prophets SAW's wives, which are to be done always, not just after his death. And these are applicable to not just them, but all women. And it is also clear from the hadeeths that women went to masjid for prayer, came to prophet for learning and clearing doubts etc. (If you want, hadeeths can be added, let me know). It is clear from the explanation that they can go out for a reason, but of course, when they go, there are conditions like hijab and all. (and do not Tabarruj yourselves like the Taburruj of the times of ignorance,) "When they go out of their homes walking in a shameless and flirtatious manner, and Allah, may He be exalted, forbade that.'' Muqatil bin Hayyan said: (And stay in your houses,) means, stay in your houses and do not come out except for a purpose. One of the purposes mentioned in Shari`ah is prayer in the Masjid, so long as the conditions are fulfilled, as the Messenger of Allah said: (and perform the Salah, and give Zakah and obey Allah and His Messenger.) Allah first forbids them from evil, then He enjoins them to do good by establishing regular prayer, which means worshipping Allah alone with no partner or associate, and paying Zakah, which means doing good to other people. (then be not soft in speech,) As-Suddi and others said, this means, do not be gentle in speech when addressing men. Allah says: (and do not Tabarruj yourselves like the Tabarruj of the times of ignorance,) Mujahid said: "Women used to go out walking in front of men, and this was the Tabarruj of Jahiliyyah.'' Qatadah said: (even though their houses are better for them.) (lest he in whose heart is a disease should be moved with desire,) means, something unclean. (but speak in an honorable manner.) Ibn Zayd said: "Decent and honorable talk that is known to be good.'' This means that she should address non-Mahram men in a manner in which there is no softness, i.e., a woman should not address a non-Mahram man in the same way that she addresses her husband. My question is, Was prophet Muhammad illiterate? My question is, did the prophet ever see a doctor. It is quite normal that one can get sick and would need to see a doctor but on the other hand, the status of the prophet is so high that it is inappropriate for him to seek a doctor as God is with him and he is more knowledgeable. I personally have no doubt in it but when searching, this similar yahoo question is very interesting. All answers are really long and they basically do not deny the pen and paper story of the Prophet. If the prophet was illiterate, how can he ask for pen and paper in his last days? The answer by MuhammadK is very methodical. He refers to Quran 25:5 (among other things) and says he indeed could read and write. This would be against our belief, if we know he could both read and write. In our class, once our teacher said, have you ever heard our prophet went to a doctor? Then he explained, he did not because if you eat less (according to Islamic principles) you will never get sick and will not need a doctor. Note this para is only a reference, I do not need answer to this part