— Riyad as-Salihin, Book 1, Hadith 169 

Finally, one may ask what the harm is in doing so anyway. There is no better answer to this than the story of some of the Khawarij as narrated by Al-Hakam ibn al-Mubārak and documented by Al-Darimi in his Sunan about the story of Yahya al-Māzini and Abu Musa al-Ash'ari: 

When any one of you have performed Salat (prayer) and wants to supplicate, let him praise Allah first then glorify Him in the beginning and then he should supplicate Allah for me. Then he may supplicate for whatever he likes. 

The Prophet ﷺ did the same with his companions, some times even with the companions specifically named by Gabriel as in the case of Ubayy ibn Ka'b: 

Is this an act of worship related to the religion? Yes. Did the Prophet ﷺ and his rightly-guided caliphs do so? No. Did the same requirements exist then as they exist now? Yes (to alert as many people as possible to prayers). Were there any obstacles that stopped the Prophet ﷺ and his companions from doing said act? Yes, microphones were not yet invented. Likewise, the same applies to using taps or showers for wudū' or ghusl. 

Yes, the Prophet could have gotten killed in battle. 

This hadith was documented in several other books, but mostly history or autobiography books, rather than books of hadith. The classification of all versions are either weak, very weak, or fabricated. 

In the following hadith narrated by Abu-Huraira (and similar others, e.g., this hadith by 'Aisha), the Qur'an annual revisions are mentioned: 

In this hadith, both archery and horse riding are mentioned in the context of warfare: 

This hadith was narrated by ‘Abeed Al ‘Attar through ibn ‘Umar, attributed to the Prophet. ‘Abeed Al ‘Attar is considered very weak, and this version is accordingly ruled as very weak, too. 

It was narrated by Ibn Humaid that he said that Salama said through Ibn Is-hāq: When the Prophet ﷺ 

The reasoning for the choice of words will be mere speculation, since there is no verse or hadith that inform us otherwise. Most likely, as mentioned earlier, the blind man knew that the stance of the Prophet (ﷺ) was much higher than his, and that the chances of his supplication being accepted were higher if the supplication came directly from the Prophet (ﷺ). The Prophet (ﷺ) taught the blind man the words to use to supplicate that the intercession by the Prophet (ﷺ) be accepted. Since the Prophet (ﷺ) is dead, and we can no longer ask him to supplicate on our behalf, we only have the option of his teachings to follow when performing supplication as per his hadith in Riyad as-Salihin: