While the Americans decided to strike with whatever was on hand, the Japanese did not. It was decided to take the time to recover the Midway strike force, rearm for anti-ship work, and launch a full strike. This had two consequences. Let me lay out some ground rules. This answer is in the context of 1942, later war tank developments do not apply. The US tanks will only be compared to their intended and actual opponents, Soviet tanks may be great but the M4 wasn't designed to fight them. With the M3 in production, and the British reporting painful lessons back, the US got down to the business of designing the M4. They chose the simplest. It kept the good parts of the M3 (suspension, transmission, chassis and 75mm gun), fixed the layout, and added a new turret. Like the M3, the M4 was designed to do it all. It had the armor and HE round to support infantry, it had the speed, reliability and cross-country performance for breakthroughs and cavalry dashes, and at the time it had the gun and armor to defeat anything in the Axis arsenal. This was all true until it met the Tiger (and later Panther). Traditionally, US soldiers received a bonus for serving during war-time to make up the difference between what they would have earned as a civilian. This was not done after the Spanish-American War, and after WWI they got only a $60 bonus. Unlike other, heavier Wehrmacht armored vehicles, the StuG III was built in large numbers, over 10,000 though the best information I have says only 1,600 were deployed on the Western Front. And it was mechanically reliable. Unlike heavier German tanks which look fearsome on paper but few were built and many broke down, Shermans faced a large number of Stug IIIs. The name comes from a legend of a Missouri tax collector trying to collect taxes in the disputed territory. After being run off by residents with pitchforks, they decided to collect the taxes by chopping down three trees bearing honey beehives and taking the honey in lieu of taxes... I wish I could pay my taxes in raw honey. There's your "slaves or other property". Casting and milling allow you a much higher precision than stamping, but at the cost of more time and expertise. A successful stamped gun requires both improving your stamping technology, and designing a gun that's a bit simpler and less reliant on precision. The M3 and Sten guns are excellent examples of the latter: they're a serviceable design that was easy to stamp out. The StG 44 was a culmination of both, more on that later. Even today, the StG 44 is a very challenging gun to produce.