His main argument is basically that the Communists were so successful in their opposition to the Japanese forces because they had the full support of the local population, which they won by their land and debt reforms in favour of the peasantry, by their fair and generous treatment of the peasants and by their commitment to democratic values. This all makes a lot of sense if one recalls that the Palmach, while an always obedient non-political arm of the Haganah and the Yishuv was also a sort of self-conscious brotherhood, steeped in a rather radical socialist ethos. Indeed, in a famous headcount in 1948 Ben-Gurion (not quite an impartial observer, but still the figure seems to be valid) estimated that 60 out of the 84 top officers of the Palmach were members of the radical-left Mapam party. (For a somewhat different, culturological, take on this point see here). I looked up Ienaga's book, which seems to be generally speaking a credible source. (2) George, Duke of Clarence almost fits - but maybe not quite. He sure switched sides twice but he was not given a military command upon re-defection - perhaps because there was no war going on. Had there been one, I presume he would have commanded part of Edward's army. I, for one, am not quite convinced. Ienaga's evidence is mostly of two kinds: reports by the Western journalists Snow, Smedley and Stein and a number of scattered comments which he collected from memoirs by Japanese officers and civilians. Here's his conclusion in his own words: Then, in August 1943, after some clandestine negotiation with the partisans he had been fighting so far, Gil defected back to the Soviet side with his entire unit (killing the German officers attached to it in the process), which was now promptly renamed as «1-я Антифашистская партизанская бригада» (1st Antifascist Partisan Brigade). Gil remained in command, retained his rank, and was even awarded the Order of the Red Banner. The Stilwell Papers I looked up the The Stilwell Papers. It's basically a diary+letters (starting in December 1941) written by General Stilwell and edited by White. Since Ienaga did not give any page numbers in his reference to Stilwell, I had to consult the index. I found no entry about the 8th Route Army but there are 7 entries under "Communists", mostly casual and favourable mentions. The only one which seems to be relevant is on p.324: To the excellent list given by lins314159 one can add the Year of Six Emperors. I think it can be more or less safely summarized that Ienaga has, alas, dropped the ball on this subject and that his sources are not at all of the high quality we could have expected. Therefore, his whole treatment cannot be given much weight. He also introduces with no comment in the footnote another source: Jack Belden's China Shakes The World. Actually, for a brief span of seven years there was such an army (or, strictly speaking, a corps) - the Palmach, founded in 1941. Its officers wore no special insignia (and in fact, there were no ranks in the usual sense, only command-titles such as "platoon commander"), got the same pay as the privates - and ate together with them.