Because they were not "better" or "more effective". - Roberts, Mary Louise. What Soldiers Do: Sex and the American GI in World War II France. University of Chicago Press, 2013. - Laqueur, Walter. Guerrilla Warfare: A Historical and Critical Study. Transaction Publishers, 1976. They identify the size of the formation. That Free French unit you referred to with one X is actually a brigade, not a division. Similarly, the Greek and German unit facing each other German unit both have a single X, and has been explicitly labelled as brigades. All other units, including the Italian one you mentioned, have XX - indicating they are divisions. [2]: The National Revolutionary Army fought all 22 major campaigns of the Sino-Japanese War and suffered about 3.3 million casualties. All 206 Chinese generals killed in action were members of the Chinese Nationalist Party. The Communist formation of 18th Army Group took part in just one campaign, Taiyuang. Their role in the war was above all growing their own strength, both militarily and in terms of political capital. In one case, a large number of skulls were harvested by a navy doctor. In 1974 he donated them to UC Berkeley for osteological studies, where they eventually became a museum exhibit. The individual X's do not represent "brigades". Instead, each X goes up one level in the hierarchy of formations. See below for what they correspond to (though different services/countries may use their own localisation). Sometimes, the Japanese government made official requests for the remains, which seems to have generally found receptive ears. However, where the process was initiated privately, the return trip often turned out to be harder than it had been bringing the skulls into America in the first place. Bureaucratic red tape aside, both American and Japanese governments has been reluctant to transfer remains without clear evidence of origin. The US Naval Hospital in Okinawa almost destroyed a skull as medical waste before Okinawa prefecture was persuaded to accept the transfer, for instance. - Johnson, Chalmers A. Peasant Nationalism and Communist Power: the Emergence of Revolutionary China, 1937-1945. Stanford University Press, 1962. In the end the castle was very much demolished, so it didn't exactly withstand battleship fire per se - at least, not for long. But it wasn't easily blown away by a simple salvo either, or else the shelling wouldn't have continued for three days. That might be where the story you heard came from. Because the First Special Service Force was a joint project within an overall framework of the Allied war effort. In fact, the initial plans called for raising a multinational commando force of Canadians, Americans, and Norwegians. The last dropped out due to lack of numbers, but did supply instructors. Authorities did try to deal with the problem, especially in France. Raping civilians of allies being less tolerated. Notably however, the Army scapegoated black servicemen for reported crimes: - Brown, Jennifer M., and Sandra L. Walklate, eds. Handbook on Sexual Violence. Routledge, 2011. Equally certainly, not all felt such "growing revulsion" at keeping them - at least, not for many years to come. Those trophy skulls which weren't otherwise lost ended in a wide range of circumstances. Some were kept as prized family heirlooms. Others were donated to academia for study or used as teaching aids. At least a few ended up in museums as exhibitions or became apparently traded as collectibles. Several skulls were retooled into decorations; at least one was known to have been fashioned into a Halloween prop with an light bulb. Even if the communists had done well in this one operation, their overall inactivity could quite reasonably be considered ineffectiveness. Which, again, they didn't -their campaign soon stalled as Japanese units rallied. Chinese histories tend to very conveniently end the Hundred Regiments Offensive here. In reality, the Japanese counterattacked deep into Communist heartland. By 1941 the Communists had lost over a quarter of their forces and the population under their control shrank by 45%. This is probably a slightly garbled account of the destruction of Shuri Castle in Okinawa. During the Second World War's Battle of Okinawa, the battleship USS Mississippi shelled the historical Ryukyu palace for three days prior to its capture by US marines. [3]: Communist forces famously took part in the Battle of Pingxin Pass, part of the Taiyuang Campaign. Their role was however negligible. The main action were by the Nationalists, who massed approximately 150,000 troops from seven corps in a bid to halt the Japanese advance into Shanxi. Two Communist divisions were present, but neither took part in the main fighting. Their claim to fame occurred on 24 September 1924, when the 115th Division ambushed an "elite" Japanese transport and supply unit and inflicted about 1000 (Communist claim) to 200 (Japanese records) casualties, while suffering around 500 killed and wounded themselves. This has since been mythologised as the "Great Victory of Pingxin Pass". - Laqueur, Walter. Guerrilla Warfare: A Historical and Critical Study. Transaction Publishers, 1976.