The point of the tent. Every person gets a retreat space. I set them up in out of the way locations. The child can place any item in there to not share. They are not permitted to fill it with items to not share, it's one or two personally owned items they do not want to share. They can use those items inside their tent only. They also have a pillow & blanket if they want. When someone goes into their tent, it's a time out for interaction. No one can bother them, talk to them, etc. No one goes into anyone else's tent, ever. The tent is for alone time. I put my own kids in their room. This has worked very well for avoiding conflicts, particularly physical ones. I even let them go in there if they do not wish to talk to me. They will have to talk to me when they emerge, but they can choose a cool down time before we talk. I should mention I do not allow electronics inside the tents. I am pretty sure if I did some might stay in there all day. I definitely think mom is off on her message here. It sounds as though she is condoning verbal assaults based on being female. Egging someone on & running your mouth isn't okay no matter the gender of who is doing it, same for hitting. And this idea that being smaller means you can be easily taken down isn't reality either. I am about half the weight of my husband and a foot shorter & he will tell you in wrestling, etc that I am much harder to tackle than many people larger than me. It depends on if you have a lot of spunk, little concern for pain or a high pain threshold and if you know what you are doing. I am not saying it's right, but when I was 5yrs old I gave one my teenage siblings a black eye, on purpose (I hit on purpose, the black eye was more than I planned on). Being smaller doesn't mean she has license to get away with hitting nor does it mean she isn't capable in inflicting serious pain. I tell my kids they are permitted to use enough force to get away in a situation where they are being hit. It's not been something that we've needed to use, but I feel it's a reasonable thing to say & I can't tell them to never hit anyone ever. That isn't how life goes sometimes. I do want them to avoid it when it's possible though & it is usually possible to avoid. And perhaps slow down a little. It sounds to me like summer hasn't had really much unscheduled time to just be. That is a very high amount of scheduled camps for a child this age. The majority of kids his age don't even do one, let alone three. I am not saying don't do them, just be sure that is really something that is working well for this child. A child can seem to enjoy something and have that be a stress all at the same time. My kids do this a lot. They love certain video games. I allow them to play until I see that the frustration & intensity of excitement has exceeded the fun factor & instead they are starting to get upset & angry. They would swear up & down the whole time that all of it was fun, that they do not need to take a break, that they are still having fun, but it is evident from watching that it's not the case & they do not have a good handle on how to set personal limits, self regulate & realize when they are just overdone. So just keep an eye & make sure that all the planned activities are helping the situation & not contributing to it. Since I am unclear where the situation happens at I can simply tell you how I avoid this issue with my kids & the ones I watch. Every child I watch and each of my own has a small pop up tent. If you spend a little time on searching, you can find decent options at not too high of price that fold down super flat & are easy to store. I current have 7 of them & they all fit easily under my couch with room to spare. As a very very general rule, if all other things are fine, child is developmentally fine, healthy, blah blah, a child at this age that is actively defiant has lost his desire to please you. Again, in general terms, this can come about merely from a loss of connection. If you are connected with your child, working on things that aid in bonding (such as shared activities the child enjoys, taking an interest in the things that interest them, spending time together, etc) then the child feels bonded to you. When a child is bonded to an adult, the child will naturally be inclined to want to please that adult, to gain that adult's favor, to cooperate with that adult, etc. Much like how you would feel naturally inclined to help someone you like a lot, versus someone you are annoyed with. If the child somehow feels like he is lacking that bonding with you, you can then get the opposite, which is a child that will actively seek to not be cooperative. So it's like a subconscious level of them trying to "hurt you back" because they feel hurt by the lack of connection. I do not believe, based on all I have read & what I have seen of kids this age, that they mean to do it, I think it is a normal reaction for kids at this age. This is why I asked about a change. If he is away from parents much more than he was before, if there has been a new sibling added, etc, if there have been changes that may have made him feel less loved & less appreciated, it can develop into him displaying unruly behaviors.