While the original intent was to make fun of dumb officers, the officer isn't as dumb as it seems: he's using game theory very effectively. However, like Oxygen and Hydrogen, when combined, they become a maelstrom of destruction - it's almost assured that by the end of 1 or 2 hours they would at best turn the entire house into complete mess, and at worst do literally several hundred dollars worth of damage (usually, in a way that is so quiet that the only way you KNOW something is wrong is by absence of sounds from them). P.S. No, they do NOT share a room. We do not want the house demolished, thankyouverymuch. Answer: use Soviet Army style motivation :) To quote an old Soviet Army joke, an officer walks in on something bad having happened, and yells at the privates: Give rewards (or lesser punishments) for true confessions. (Erik's answer addresses this in details) Extra rewards for not doing anything bad for a sustained period. So far, the ONLY solution that ever worked was to forbid them to play together unless someone adult is in the same room to supervise - which is not always feasible. In our house, the rule is always very simple: you get worse punishment for lying about doing anything bad, than you'd get for doing it in the first place (and you still get punished for bad thing as well). The thing is, it sounds like blackmailing, but you are teaching that actions have consequences. "If you don't go to bed now you will be tired tomorrow" is a fact; however one that children won't get. Tomorrow is ages away and child cares mostly about now. But you actually know more about the child than it does when it is small, so you need to be able to reinforce what you say if they still don't listen, so sometimes you need a more immediate consequence. Incidentally we have actually asked the child what we should do if it doesn't listen. And often what the child chooses is appropriate, and then it becomes a choice. There are many other cases when they do have to listen to you, eg. for the sake of safety etc, which is something you can explain to you older child. If your child runs towards the road and doesn't stop when you shout then a punishment of some sort is very appropriate since that disobedience could result in the child's death. It's quite a recent thing. Sometimes we have done something that we know he will like and because he's in this mode of moaning/crying/wailing we can't communicate to him at all and explain what's going on. We have tried, but because his focus is on making noise, he doesn't hear it. For example, the dialogue goes: "It's time to get dressed for school now" "No." "We'll help you get dressed, but it is time or you'll be late" "No. I don't want to get dressed!" at this point this is repeated for many minutes. Any further negotiations, incentives, consequences; communication of any type is totally blocked because he's just saying the same thing over and over. What should we do to resolve the situation? Regardless, you're not blackmailing your kid. You're trying to parent and teach consequences. And you're probably good at it -- you clearly care. Blackmail is when you make someone to do something for YOUR gain, not theirs. You are trying to teach about consequences which are mostly for THEIR gain, not yours. I understand older children can be mouthy sometimes, but explaining that difference is important. If none of us were taught consequences in an appropriate and safe way, then most likely lots of us would be dead. So it is totally appropriate to say "You need choose to do (something) by the count of three or you will be choosing to have (consequence)", thus putting it in their hands. My 2 kids by themselves are reasonably well behaved and mature for their ages. They can be left alone in a room/floor (while the parent is working or doing chores elsewhere in the house) for hours at a time, with rarely a misbehavior happening. Especially the older one. Answer: use Soviet Army style motivation :) So far, the ONLY solution that ever worked was to forbid them to play together unless someone adult is in the same room to supervise - which is not always feasible. In our house, the rule is always very simple: you get worse punishment for lying about doing anything bad, than you'd get for doing it in the first place (and you still get punished for bad thing as well). This isn't a solution I like, so I am looking for a better alternative of how to manage the issue than the Harry Potter approach. To quote an old Soviet Army joke, an officer walks in on something bad having happened, and yells at the privates: This particular approach (unlike #1 and #2) has a weakness in that it's very effective against "neither of us did it" claim but entirely useless once they smarten up and switch to "he did it - no she did it" claim. Give rewards (or lesser punishments) for true confessions. (Erik's answer addresses this in details) Specific extra punishment for being caught in a prisoner's dilemma. E.g. you get a reward (extra computer time, extra treat request for parent to cook) for a week of "good" behavior. However, being caught in this situation without acknowledged person at fault scraps the "good week". If you make (using game theoretical terms) the payoffs for confessing more attractive (e.g. less punishing) than payoffes for not confessing, you can avoid the "Prisoner's Dilemma" (which is what you get when they payoffs favor mutual non-confession). Consistent major punishment for lying to parents in general