If you truly feel there is something else going on, then I suggest a trip to the doctor. It never hurts to get an opinion and usually they can calm your fears very quickly. All parents worry! 

Dance -- Dancing is patterning and rhythm making. These are important for language and coordination. It is also a heck of a lot of fun. 

Reading and making up stories -- Once upon a time there was a boy named X. He liked to go to the park, just like you. As his language increases let him choose the things or places in the story Let him point to pictures in the books you read. Redirection is a parental behaviour management technique that helps to prevent injuries, and promotes desired behaviours. It furthers learning and exploration while reducing punishment and negativity. 

I hope that if you and your wife are ready and truly want children that you will go ahead. However you have to be prepared to parent which is another full-time career and one that should have priority over any other one. In a perfect world, you'll have perfect children. I am not trying to be a naysayer, but if you would be unhappy giving up your usual freetime activities, parenting may not be for you. It could be years until you and your wife have the freedom to go out to a late party or concert. Parents should not ever be so inebriated or stoned that they pass out, for example. Since you're asking in regard to a toddler, my answer is this: He is not misbehaving out of anger, merely for his own enjoyment. Although his naps are generally short, he's only slightly less prone to misbehave when he's well rested anyway. He's not spoiled and buried in toys but he has enough that he doesn't play with all of them. He very rarely plays by himself for more than 5 minutes, so it's very difficult to get anything done while he's awake (cleaning, cooking, reading, calling, mailing, working). I'm sure he gets more than enough attention, but he seems to be craving for permanent, undivided attention but that's just not possible. He does get plenty of positive attention, and plenty of praise for the many good things he does. The problem is that mom can't give him attention all of the time. *) By "training" I mean that we very often talked to him about grandma and used the word intensively. He certainly knew what the word meant; she visited often, and we have pictures. 

In fact, this question is not really about my son, it's about me. I want to start this cozy habit but feel that he's not interested (yet). How could we ease into a short daily reading time? As a parent, your authority should not be ignored without some form of punishment, and this is something you can train. Toddlers need immediate feedback because they can't connect cause and consequence if the consequence comes much later. So the next time you're ignored, you must act -- you must escalate. Because we're both twins, neither we nor our parents have relevant experience we can use. We still have some months before we need to decide, but we need to consider our options now in order to prepare for the change. *Two stories. First: One time, I was tying my 4 year old's shoelaces, and they looked up at me and said, "Mommy, you're just like an angel to me..." and I beamed inside until they added, "except when you're like an angel-witch." Second: After a day devoted to the kids (amusement park, ice cream, etc.) same child, same age had a $10 bill in their pocket and wanted to go to the toy store. There was a bookstore on the way that we, the adults, liked, so we stopped. But someone was tired at the end of this long day, and had money burning a hole in their pocket. "This is the worst day I've ever had!" they exclaimed. I picked them up and sat them on an empty counter. "Do you mean that you've been waiting to go to the toy store all day and you're frustrated that it's taken so long, or do you mean you really had a bad day today?" I asked. They thought about it a minute and said, "I mean I'm frustrated because I want to go to the toy store." Honestly, I was a bit hurt when he blurted that out, because I hate amusement parks, and the entire day really was centered around the kids. But knowing the child was tired, only had so many words and only so much impulse control really helped.