In his comments to m10.12 Nuh Ha Mim Keller says: So, at least according to Reliance of the Traveler: if a wife leaves the house without her husband's permission, he does not have to support her until she stops doing that, and additionally can hit her if she doesn't respond to admonition and advice or sexual separation. In 4:3, it says per the Sahih International translation: 

This can easily be understood as a reminder to men who want to marry multiple wives that they have to treat their wives equitably. However, if there is no way for the wives to enforce this, it can easily fall flat. This leads to the questions: 

Enforcability is not just via criminal prosecution, it can also be via civil liability. 

(4) If the wife does not fulfill one of the above-mentioned obligations, she is termed "rebellious" (nashiz)[..] After that the recommends steps to stop her rebelliousness (admonition and advice, leaving the marriage bed, hitting her; attempts to stop her from rebelling are made in that order as mentioned in a number of answers on this site as well); the text is clear that she is considered rebellious and that this relieves the husband of his duty to support her, and if admonishing and advising her and not sleeping with her don't work, then he can hit her; Keller (still in m10.12) mentions the condition for hitting that: If I find the time this weekend, I'll look at Hanafi sources as well. Fatwa 83157 does say "Therefore, the wife should ask her husband's permission to leave her house, let him know where and when she is going and with whom she holds her meetings etc., all these matters come under the obedience of her husband." Disobedience relieves the husband of his obligation to support her according to Reliance of the Traveler m11.9: Now what do modern-day non-muslims make of this? You will not find any support in at least Western society for calling this morally acceptable apart from pedophile circles. The most benign opinion you may find is "this was the custom of the time and acceptable to the people who lived then" - which is the reason why no one objected to it, everyone was doing this too. For the same reason you did not find objection to slavery per se, everyone was holding slaves, or objection to cutting off the hand of a thief, since that was no harsher than other punishments found in the criminal law dealings of the time. Nowadays, expecting non-islamic societies to consider any of those to be morally acceptable is naive. 

About Wali and Wakil as far as i understand the wakil is someone who represents the wali, who's acting in his name as an authorized representative! 

We may conclude: you are allowed to have intercourse with your wife once you are married to her by means of witnesses, acceptance of guardian and herself, and if a mahr is fixed (even if not payed yet), but you should treat her the best way you can. 

I've came across some fatwas allowing or forbidding it. The point is a widow during her 'iddah is allowed to go out for necessary reasons (mostly related with providing food) as scholars say. This is based on this hadith which Imam a-Shafi'i commented that plucking can only be done at day time, so one could conclude that going out on day time is allowed. This is the Sunni point of view i found a shia Fatwa which allow it only if the wife herself agrees to that marriage! Yes it is permissible to divorce, as Allah explained in the Quran. The husband can ponounce the divorce the wife, can ask, but if he refuses she has -theoretically- only two options which are usually need the wife to ask for at a court khula' (in this case she might forgo some or all her mahr to "buy herself free") and faskh (this is only possible in a few cases). Here also the owner of the slaves or their guardian is ordered to give them permission to get married. But you must be aware that if you are engaged it isn't allowed to anybody to ask for your hand (See for example sahih Muslim), so if you are engaged with somebody you should reject anybody Else's proposal unless you have separated or dissolved your engagement. So if you met somebody else while engaged that is a "dark grey zone" of halal, as engagement isn't marriage so this can be dissolved any time by both parties without any problems. But if this guy who wanted to ask for your hand knew you were engaged he shouldn't go on and ask for your hand and you shouldn't accept as this would be a sin for him and a help in doing a sin for you. If he didn't know about your engagement he can go ahead. Read also in sahih Muslim and sahih al-Bukahri. 

Other sources see islamqa #854 and in Arabic this article and this thread. 

As is this question needs some additional information: 

Umar ibn al-Khattab said, "A woman is only married with the consent of her guardian, someone of her family with sound judgement or the Sultan. (Muwatta' - Al Imam Malik) Is it then permissible to divorce them? [Sahih al-Bukhari & Muslim, Sunan abi Dawod] 

So we see that among the scholars there are different points of view. The question is does the Quran and the sunna support one of these opinions? 

The Sister of the wife and her descendants are woman who are haram to marry simultaneously to the actual wife. If the man divorced his wife or she died he can marry either her sister or her niece. 

On the other hand a prisoner of war would mean that the woman has fought the Muslims! This would mean such a woman won't be a Muslim because it's not allowed to make a Muslim prisoner of war even in a war between two Muslim sects/countries etc. according to fatwa 8263 here! After divorce the guardian is asked here not to hinder the former spouses to remarry if they both want to get back together! 

And an other thing: About kissing a foreign woman i found this Hadith: 

which is an order to the guardian of a lady not to give permission to marriage between her and a disbeliever! In my comment I've posted the wrong part of the verse, but after consulting the tafsir of imam al-Qurtobi. Note that al-Qurtobi added that in all the verses the Quran (or Allah) has addressed only males (by using the masculine form) to order or prohibit them to give permission for a marriage of the women (girls) they are in charge of! Here the tafsir part explaining the senetence translated "And do not marry"