In fewer words, bats are not related to nightingales, albeit the obvious fact that both can fly; on the contrary, nightingales are related to ostrichs, who don't. The flying is coincidental; the egg-laying vs breastfeeding is not. Albeit there is an enormous difference of status between judge and witness, it expected that both call each other a formal pronoun. It would be extremely rude for the witness to call the judge "você", only excusable by ignorance. But it would also be rude for the judge to call the humble witness "você", particularly if it is not a young man or woman. French - chèvre, chemin, chanson Here are the words for "horse" in those languages: Also, archaic usage often sounds formal to our ears, even though it was intended as informal at the time it was uttered. We tend to hear English "thou" as formal because it is in the Bible and nobody speaks like that anymore; but it was informal, as opposed to formal "you", a few centuries ago. From here, how can we find the Latin word for horse? Spanish Alemaña (as well as French Allemagne and Portuguese Alemanha) derives from Latin Alemannia, which in turn comes from Alemanni, which was a confederation of German tribes. The Online Etymological dictionary says this comes from Proto-Germanic Alamanniz, which possibly meant "all men" (which makes sence, since they were a confederation); an alternative would be "other men", from Latin alius and Proto-Germanic manniz. The same reasoning helps us establishing that the first vowel of the Latin language should be an "a", not an "e". The second consonant is more difficult, because it went three different directions, morphing into "b" in Castillian, disappearing in Rumanian, and morphing into "v" in the remaining languages. But other considerations have led linguists to believe it was a "b" in Latin. And so on, so that we can reasonably guess that the Latin root for "horse" is something like "caball-". I suppose that this evolution is similar in English and Romance rather due to coincidence than out of some universal linguistic pattern, though my ignorance of anything beyond the already mentioned languages makes it impossible for me to demonstrate. But there are, or so I am told, languages completely devoid of gender, such as Japanese, Hungarian or Turkish, so it cannot be completely universal. Because we have lots of words that begin with "c" in Italian, Portuguese, Castillian, Rumanian, etc., and with "ch" in French: The reason "Edenics" isn't taken seriously is that it isn't, by scientific standards, serious. As others have pointed out, the evolution, both in Latin/Romance and in Old/Modern English is contrarywise. The old masculine word (wer, vir) went extinct or archaic or suffered a semantic shift (Portuguese varão, male person, only used in literary register, but also barão, baron; English were, male person, now extinct); the old neutral word (homo, man) shifted to mean just male person except, but even this is going obsolete, in an abstract sense, as the name of the species) and was replaced by the Latin (grammatically feminine) word (personna -> English person, Portuguese (still grammatically feminine) pessoa), while the feminine word was kept (wyfman -> woman or replaced by euphemisms, neologisms or, like in French, just by the word for female (It. donna, Pt. mulher, Fr. femme). Which shows that there are regular transformations between French and Portuguese; some initial consonant in Latin morphed into "c" in Portuguese, Catalan, Italian, Rumanian, but into "ch" in French (and if we look at a map, we see that Portuguese and Rumanian are placed, respectively, at the Western and Eastern extremes of the geographical extension of Romance languages, so it isn't likely that the same innovation happened to both of them; it looks like the Latin consonant was preserved in both - and transformed in French. On the other hand, the use of formal pronouns in informal contexts may be intended as sarcastic, as in parents calling their children o senhor during reprimands (and so, depending on context, the usage can easily be perceived as less respectful than the use of an informal pronoun). Taking Portuguese as an example, let's imagine a dialogue between beggar and judge. In court, it should go more or less like this: Portuguese - cabra, caminho, canção To establish a kinship between two languages, linguists need to have whole series of words that can be traced to a common origin. It seems that it should start with either "c" or "ch". But perhaps this is a coincidence? How can we know if it is not?