The whole of mathematics then falls into the realm of things that do not not-exist. We cannot contradict any potentially valid deduction and get away with it. But those theorems that will never be proven (of which there are obviously many) do not exist. There is also a compromise to be struck between the Copernican principle and the (Weak) Anthropic one. It is not impossible that things work out the way they are because we are here to observe them. A lot of biologists think we are in the "Goldilocks zone" of energy balance, and life is much less likely to arise at any other point on the spectrum of energy balance because small polar molecules in liquid form are scarce. And we do not accuse them of being anti-Copernican, we let this idea guide where we are spending public money looking for planets with life. The notion of the field particles arising out of the Higgs boson early in the history of the universe "when the rules were different" is the same sort of thing, it puts the irregularities away from us, so we feel like that place is special, not ours. Why assume the rules got decided at a given energy level and then stuck there forever? Why should they not slowly adapt across time? (And if we don't get to be special, why does anyone else? Harumph, <pout/>.) Most thinkers will not go that far, but they will go part of the way. From a naturalist point of view, we are evolved beings and we are formed from information, in the form of genetic code. So it is unlikely that none of that information ends up in our minds at birth as a basis for bootstrapping learning. (Feyerabend's primary counterexample to this is Chinese medicine that involves sensing 'chi', which cannot generally be felt by everyone, and is not detectable by any physical device. The effectiveness of the resulting medicine proves, for him, this is science despite the presence of a privileged perspective. But we know how other forms of highly articulated placebos, like hypnosis or narrative therapies, can be more effective than better-grounded medicine. And we know privileged authority amplifies their effects ('sensitive-looking' women and older men make better therapists).) This whole summary is made up of those same recurring feminist principles. Can anyone be sure it is thoroughly irrelevant that he happened to be gay? There is a gap between the fact that at a low level knowledge is hierarchical and the notion that it is so throughout. At a relatively low height in the hierarchy, one clearly loses the ability to measure height across the structure and to define what is and what is not 'more knowledge'. From a Montessorian perspective, what is really 'a better use of horme' is what accords with the given organisms pattern of growth, and that varies across a population even in ideal circumstances. In that case, what is the difference? Whatever transcends those forms is lost to us, and we will not be able to understand, much less prove, anything about it. Either side of a proposition independent of your system is open for adoption into truth with no loss. In the philosophy of science, I would say the position farthest from Positivism is the strong Kuhnian position on incompatibility of paradigms. It maintains that during certain periods of science, when the community of practice in general is unhappy with their ability to make progress with the dominant paradigm, alternatives arise and one of those is selected as a basis for further progress. To some degree, explanation is just another layer of perception, and there is no good reason why the higher-order process should be significantly different from the more detailed ones. Psychologists have accepted this for generations, focussing on how strong our tendency to presume and project is. It has always seemed to me that the balance of these three is what sets the scale of the universe. The ratio of the first two vaguely governs how mass and speed are related in one way, and the other determines how mass and speed are related in another way. The odds of these balancing out at multiple points seems vanishingly small. Do we no longer take Plato seriously because he proposed the celestial spheres? Do we reject Marx on the basis that he reasoned partly from Engels' incorrect anthropology? Do we discard Kant because his psychology does not allow for the current behavior of physicists? To what other philosopher do we apply the standard you propose here -- consigning them to irrelevance because they chose their exposure to science badly? (Before I go further, apologies: If it offends you to link homosexuality and femininity, I understand, but I cannot agree -- they are not similar, but they are linked. And on other fronts, I could equally emphasize aspects that are characteristically German, Owning-class, Jewish and Catholic, though I won't because they are not relevant here. So if this makes me a bigot, I am at least an equal-opportunity bigot. After all, I am a Nietzsche fanboy.)