Don't forget, though, that you can also flag answers. If you see an answer that's "not an answer" or is of exceptionally poor quality, you can flag that. There are also the spam and "not welcome here" flags. For that matter, those flags are also still available to you on questions as well. The business plan is to not go out of business. :) Last, you can also flag comments by clicking the little flag icon below the comment upvote arrow if you feel the comment is rude, off-topic, too chatty, or obsolete. There's also a general "something's wrong here" flag on comments as well, similar to questions and answers. But comment flags will not affect your flag weight. Once you reach 3000 reputation, if you attempt to flag a question as off-topic, your flag will get converted into a close vote automatically. A generic "flag for moderator attention" can be used instead, but as you said, that's poor etiquette (and depending on the moderator might result in your flags getting dismissed as invalid, which isn't what you want). I hope you find Stack Overflow helpful for as long as you use it. Also, you can only change your name once every 30 days, so this isn't a particularly good choice for a single-day prank. I see potential issues with moderation and ensuring adherence to the network standards. Stack Exchange cannot possibly hire an expert in every language. Even the existing language-specific sites (while awesome in principle) could be potentially problematic. But beyond that... if Stack Exchange as a company doesn't have a problem with that and there's enough community backing to start a site, why not do it? I don't see a problem with it. A person who'd otherwise come to the English SO but doesn't have a strong enough command of English can use a site they're more comfortable with, and people who are fluent in both can pick for themselves and the network as a whole will still be stronger for it. Even at -1 rep per downvote, I can see how it can feel like the penalty adds up after a few downvotes: "I would downvote this, but I've already downvoted 5 other answers. I don't want to lose more rep today." Loss aversion is a very strong (de)motivator, so people avoid downvoting due to the rep penalty. I will admit to downvoting less if my rep is a "nice" number, for some value of "nice", or if doing so would put me below a privilege threshold.