The speculative comes from thinking that the fact of world can be other than it is: Physical laws are not neccessary. This is another Wittgenstinian thought. Only the laws of logic (or geometry - as Wittgenstein might say) hold. In this sense, one might say that is anti-science; or at least anti-empirical. 

Arrangements are objects: When one considers a molecule, an object, is an arrangement of atoms, also objects; then we generalise by supposing any arrangements of objects is also an object. 

Yes, that is roughly correct - Kant is reacting to Humes extreme skepticism by discovering the objective conditions (within ourselves) that makes knowledge of the world & ourself possible. 

Space and time, for Kant, are essentially different but interdependent; they're essentially different from the categories - if the word essential is to retain its meaning. 

That is he believes existence of substances to be phenomenal rather than noumenal. 

He acknowledges the life of the body as well as the thought that animates a man: 

And then there is the obvious factor of information asymmetries. 

Given that Kant was answering Hume skeptism which was profoundly influenced by Sextus Empirucus texts on Pyrrhonism; and that there is evidence that Pyrrho visited India and debated with gymnosophists which, are most likely to have been Jain philosophers perhaps some of their terminology may be useful here: 

It was Kant that isolated the question of whether synthetic a priori knowledge is possible, and he suggested that this question hadn't been asked before; he suggested that this was possible, and placed under this rubric mathematics and our understanding of space & time. 

He doesn't explicitly say, but is it implied that this had an impact on Kantian thought outside of his conception of mathematics. 

So if Kant was here, standing on his soap-box, saying: '[I suppose or posit] the possibility of conditional value ...' 

It's quite possible for a community of individuals to engage in individually rational behaviour; but which when considered collectively can be irrational; this is one aspect of the Tulip Mania. 

In the first eight definitions he defines the following terms: 

Kant wrote in his first critique: 

Now, does language fall under this? Certainly, it appears that each specific & particular language cannot be, as they are contingent on how language has developed in the social world a hman being is born into. But can one say the same about Chomskys notion of universal grammar, which he claimed is innate? 

This raises the possibility, given that Gauss is generally given the credit for discovering non-Euclidean geometry (though Bolyai and Lobachevsky published first) that he was directly influenced by Kantian concepts; this reading definitely goes against almost all secondary literature I've seen - for example Bardi himself repeats this, as does Deutsch; however when one actually turns to the primary literature and examines the section in question where Kant touches on concepts of space (The Transcendental Aesthetic - A25), one finds: 

How can I will a maxim to become a universal law, surely that kind of power can only be wielded by a god? Does he mean that I apply it universally and consistently myself? 

1) The 2 pure forms of our intuition: space and time as the result from our human capabilities of sensuality (CpR: Transcendental Aesthetic) 

Added. One can freely download Kant's work as http://www.earlymoderntexts.com/assets/pdfs/kant1786.pdf 

In the field of mathematics you are free to create arbitrary ideas as long as they are free from inconsistencies. Mathematical concepts do not necessarily relate to the real world. The empty set is a clever concept from set theory. E.g., it is useful to define the intersection of two sets even when they are disjunct. Moreover the empty set is the basis of von Neumann's construction of natural numbers. Different from the things-in-themselves there exists only one empty set. 

Kant, Immanuel: Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science (German: Metaphysische Anfangsgründe der Naturwissenschaft) (1786) 

Added. If the question is, whether Kant considers space a noumenon, my answer is "no". Space is an intuition, i.e. one of our means to classify the input from senses. On the opposite, noumena are hypothetical objects in the outer world, which create the input for our senses. 

My answer to your question no. 2 is “No”. The supreme good comes a posteriori while the obligation to act morally is first. The supreme good is neither a reason nor a motivation to act morally. According to Kant: Who acts in accordance with the categorical imperative to obtain eudaimonia, does not act morally. 

2) Kant later comments on this point and explicates that it was the problem of human freedom which interrupted his dogmatic slumber. See letter to Garve from 1798, quoted from p. 9 in Kreimendahl, Lothar: Der Durchbruch von 1769. Köln 1990 (in German) 

Moral Good For Kant, "moral good" would be an autonomous will that chooses rationality over irrationality. The Categorical Imperative for Kant is purely the end result of an autonomous will acting with the utmost rationality. 

This is not actually true. The way you word it in this particular passage it's not entirely clear, but based on your other responses to me in more than one question on this site, it seems that you are insisting that existence is an attribute or characteristic, when in fact is it not. If I am to say that ice cream exists, I am not adding anything more to the concept of ice cream; it is not a "characteristic" of the ice cream. It is only a relation of the object (ice cream) to the subject (me). 

Establish what your maxim is, and then re-investigate your argument. I'm having difficulty conceiving of an example of a potato-based maxim that would violate Kant's principle. 

The question which thus arises is how the two are connected; there has to be some way to connect the concept of pure understanding with sensible intuitions. For example, when we look at plate, how is the pure concept of a circle related to the circularness of the plate? If pure concepts never interact with sensible intuitions, what causes us to make that judgment (that the plate is circular)?